user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,328080,32159088,Posted: 3 June,all,KillParadise,"The dev is an amazing person his energy is what originaly drove me to purchase the game, and now I am pretty addicted to the game itself.The game itself really has a little for everyone in it. (Please note I am playing the latest unstable version)Want to test your metal in managing a city under siege? Survival is for youSurvival too easy? Try NightmareMore of a turtle player like me and want to take your time but still have some threat? Traditional is there for youWant to just play a retro city builder? Peaceful mode is available for you.Being in early access I feel like the content availble in the game is worth the $9.99 to support the dev and its future development, it's enough to keep you entertained and just as you hit the peak a new patch comes out with some new content for you to try.Gameplay is fair you will learn as you go what is needed pronto to keep things stable, the learning curve is pretty high but that adds to the fun imo. (I am still learning food & water management).As for play style you really can choose how you'd like, of course in the harder difficulties the main strategy is to play more like a TD but it's truly in your hands how you play, defense is a major key to your little villagers survival.Overall this game is great to far, the dev is great, gameplay is great, and the content is pretty great too. Keep up the great work!"
76561198049511866,Recommended,328080,29091863,Posted: 7 January,all,rouge1701,"Difficult games fall into two catagories: Those that are challenging, and those that are frustrating.  This game, alas, falls into the later category.My main issues:1.  There is no good way to control overheating in summer.  Especially when the 1200hp Zombie is fighting them all in the middle of the day.  They stand and fight and die of heat exhaustion.2.  The monster difficulty seems to grow exponentially.  On day 3, it's not uncommon for 700 to 800 hp monsters to waltz through my defences.  By day 5, they're close to 1500 hp.  I've never made it past that point, so I can only guess how vastly overpowered they become.3.  The inability to rotate buildings.  When most buildings are rectangles, it helps to compact your base.4.  The monsters just break through the walls, rather than going through the killing maze.  It's impossible to concentrate enough fire when they come through whatever wall is inconvenient to them.5.  What it boils down to is a tower defence game with a focus on the infrastructure behind the towers.  It's not what I was expecting from a village simulator.  I'm not a big fan of tower defence games to begin with, so this was a rather sad realization.6.  There are no guards or soldiers.  You get golems who can't stand a chance against anything but a slime.  It would be nice to have soldiers who could sortie out and soften up the monsters.EDIT:I am changing my review to positive.  The developer is prompt and courteous, and there seems to be a lot of changes in the works.  I kind of forgot the game is in alpha still because of how well it looks and, aside from the frustrations mentioned above, works.I suppose, deep down, I'm afraid of getting burned by another Towns.  Thankfully, I don't think that's a concern here.  I look forward to the continued development of what portends to be a great time waster."
76561198010580253,Recommended,328080,32304591,Posted: 9 June,all,pmm5000,"Tldr: This is a city building tower defense god game that makes time go by far more quickly than you'd like.This game is basically some wierd fusion of city building, tower defence, and god games (you have a floating hand and you can pick stuff up). Now I can't say everyone will enjoy it. Especially since you are basically guarenteed to lose your first few games. However, the reason why you lose, often times will not be the same. I've lost due to starvation, dehydration, lack of defences, overbuilding, stupid lightning storms (this problem was actually solved in a recent update) random monsters appearing in areas I didn't check, random monsters breaking in because my own towers betrayed me by destroying the terrain, and just plain being overran by slimes and zombies. This is one of those games that will cause you to be like, okay, I lost because of this, what can I do to live longer? And this will haunt you till you finally last longer than one year in game. Even then, maybe another year.After that.....I'm sorry, Ray (the developer), there's no real end game. Not yet anyways. Although, for you random people reading this, this game is updated literally every month or two. Opt into unstable releases and you can play a new update roughly every two to three weeks.Also for you complete and total over-achievers, you should try to conquer the map by building fire pits all over it. And then, strip mine it and deforest the land. By this point.....not going to lie, you just spent an entire day or two in the real world questioning, just what did you even do with your life?I swear, every update I spend like 8 hours testing out the new content. I only recently managed to shrink this time by using cheat engine. Which I completely and thoroughly recommend you do. Not because of cheating (which I haven't figured out how to do yet nor feel the need to do) but because there isn't a time warping ability yet. Simply enable the speed hack and you've shrunk the time from 8 hours to 4. Possibly even 3. Well.....I say this, but somehow I still end up playing for 8 hours even though I had it sped up by three times, two when my town got large enough.Right, I should talk about your giant floating hand. It floats. Picks up stuff, given that you have enough influence/essence. Other abilities include launching fireballs from heaven, calling lighting storms to bring rain, and really horrifying lighting (picture having a wall with a large of amount of zombies on the other side of it, then picture said wall getting blown up by lightning. Begin to cry because you've just been overrun by zombies.) call an earthquake that is equally terrifying, call a holy golem which needs a serious buff because it's far more expensive than what it could be used for, regrow entire forests and large amounts of food (which while they may say they are different vegetables, they are really and honestly carrots with different colors), banish your enemies, recall all resources, nomads, and stray villagers to your town center, warp things in and out of limbo (your global map storage), and even disolve any and all living and once living things for more essence. Oh, did I mention your villagers tend to freak out by your hand?Most importantly, you will fail, and that is okay. You will simply doom this world thus erasing any and all evidence of failure, and start again."
,Not Recommended,328080,24377218,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Fluff-Kevlar,"I like RPC, I really do. At the moment there's not much to it, however. If you like building villages, micro-managing resources and villager needs, RPC has a few good things going for it, but there's also a lot holding it back, including the word ""castle"".It's tough; really tough actually, and if you screw up, you pretty much have to make a new profile to try again, you can't just pick a different area on the map. This is a minor annoyance given that you can easily screw yourself over, especially while just learning the game.I like that there's enemies to defend your castle against, but they -easily- overwhelm most defenses, and at the moment, the only way to defend is tower-defense-like mazes you have to build, where half of the towers are pretty much useless. I found the fire towers to draw way too much power to be useful and the rock towers near useless since they have to be out in the open,(can't be behind walls) right where enemies can easily swarm it, making the point of it, to roll a rock down a line of enemies, useless. Real castles didn't work this way, they had gates, moats, walls you could sit on and shoot down, etc. I really wish there was more ""castle"" in this game. There really isn't, it's more akin to Retro-Pixel Villages.It's a fun little game, I like the aesthetic, and I like most of the resource managment and crafting system, but I'm gonna wait and come back to it later when/if/hopefully they add more ""castle"" elements like walls with gates and such, I'm tired of making mazes and getting overwhelmed, and when more later-game content comes in. Very nice so far though! I will revisit and re-review it in the future."
76561198048412644,Recommended,328080,34241912,Posted: 14 August,all,Chasen32,"I really like this game, it scratches that itch that I remember from early 2000 from majesty if you played that.Basic rundown you are a mage/God that overlooks a village all you can do is tell your people what to build and where to work.It's like RiMWorld but you cannot take direct control of people. And you can cast spells how cool is that? Don't want to build a wall on this side of your base? Cast motivate land and trees grow there if they are able to alowing you to build your wall maze bigger and betterBut, this game is hard, when it tells you you need water, you need water. But the tutorial does not tell you ""you should put this building here for X Y and Z reasons"", something I like a lot. Just you need food, well there is this farm that grows food I should build that building. And there is this rain catcher thing well that may be helpfull let me give that a try for getting my water.I like it and enjoy playing it, and if you get it and like this genre and think you will like it as well."
,Recommended,328080,31852713,Posted: 19 May,all,Lieutenant Commander Data,"I gauge all games of this genre off of Dwarf Fortress. In comparison, this game is super easy until the impossible monster zerg comes. Needs balance, needs more content, but for as bare-bones as it is, it's beautiful.But it's still not Dwarf Fortress."
,Recommended,328080,34472788,Posted: 24 August,all,☭ Ficklestein ☭,"No ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t review. Straight to the chase. It's $10. Get it. Review: 40+ hours in. I've played Caesar III, Zeus, Pharoah, SimCity, Rollercoaster Tycoon, Gnomoria, The Guild II, and numerous other great management, defense, citybuilding games out there, even Banished (not recommended, see my review for it). I adore this genre and this game easily fits in with the best of them. It's very similar to Gnomoria but with an easier interface and on a larger scale.I've mostly played this on Survival. Great balance between risks/dangers and development. You WILL build a beautiful village/city with 500+ individual semi-autonomous villagers even, but you will also HAVE to feed them, quench their thirst, gear them, and allocate them to their roles and tasks as efficiently as possible to thwart nightly monster raids.That is, you will build a village and you will constantly be fighting for survival. Even at larger populations, you will still have to find a way to feed your village when your farms stop growing in the winter and enough clean water in the hot summer. Gear them up to fight off the monsters. Build defence towers from a limited pool of resources and building slots. Build walls to funnel the monsters through them.It will be a real challenge and unlike Banished, there is a real risk.Moreover, there's a world map with multiple locations to build villages. You can move resources and material from one village to another with your godly abilities.Game's still in Early Access. Could use improvements and additions such as trade. Dev says he's working on them. We'll see. So far, beautiful game as it is. And for $10? Absolutely recommended. No second thoughts."
76561198027106612,Recommended,328080,14293806,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Star Adept,"I'll do my best to keep this review updated as the game progresses. (2/1/2015 - Current Ver: Indev12c, Indev13 roadmap announced)I'm recommending this, but I have a few caveats before I get to my review. If you're expecting a game that is 100% or even 80% realized as of (2/1/2015) then you probably haven't had much experience with Early Access and you probably shouldn't buy this game YET. Or if the feedback-and-support thing doesn't appeal to you, the $15 pricetag might seem a bit steep. Even then, if you're afraid of vaporware (I know I am), read the store page thoroughly as Ray (the dev) has done his best to put your fears to rest. Still mistrusting? I'm here for ya, or go to the website (or any of the links provided on the store page) and form your own opinionOfficial Website(main website link on store page seems to be broken). I know it's some extra effort than you would normally spend, but Ray is very active on his official forums and he will certainly answer any questions regarding his vision and the current state of development before you make a decision on purchasing.That said, I feel with the risk of vaporware and rushed products, opinion on the dev in an Early Access review is just as important as the game itself and I'll address that with my opinion first. If you don't care, scroll down and read the game portion. I'll remove this once the game goes Full-Access.Review of Indie Developer Raymond Doerr(scroll down for game review)This man has earned my respect among a slew of Indie ""Developers"" (Opportunists) that started with Minecraft (Jeb had made a lot of promises like our Alpha/Beta contributions entitling us to free Xbox copies before it was so popular -- didn't happen) and continues to this day with practically every Early Access game on Steam. So much so I've learned to type the simple little word ""dev"" with a bit of spite in my mental voice. Ray is not that man. While this is an opinion, and one I cannot garuntee in the future, I very strongly feel this way. Just talk to him, you'll see.Little things like his naming of his updates Indev12-13 versus 0.12.02 (this is no race to the magic 1.0! it's just a progress report) to his efforts to ask/require your input and support when so many people are so rightfully afraid to give it through an otherwise legitimate manner set him apart.When I was younger, Independently-Developed games were practically non-existent. To be a Beta Tester, you had to send in a resume to a big name company and you had to be hired, it was a job, before your voice ever mattered in the gaming world. I have a job so that's not an option, but through Ray and his SixtyGig Games (and with $15) my voice is heard. That is what Early Access, Independently-Developed games, and Raymond Doerr is all about.(had to be cut short for the actual game review, the lengthy praise is warranted though, I f-ing hate vaporware and the only way around it are honest reviews)Review of Retro-Pixel CastlesCurrent Version: Indev12c(Pro/Con lists are not my style, hope you like to read)InfluencesOn the Steam Store Page, the game is marked as having several noticable influences, but in its current version, I mainly  agree with three of them, and I'll try to break them down.Dwarf Fortress:This is the most obvious influence in my opinion (and also the closest game to ever touch upon what I want in a DF-like game), You have practically zero control over your villagers. You can place buildings to be constructed when your villagers get to it (although in a generally predictable manner), set resource harvesting tasks, and assign free (random) villagers to work at certain buildings. That's about it for control right now, and where most of the DF influence stops. P.S. ""Losing is Fun!"" theme is well-intact in Retro-Pixel Castles.Banished:You start the game on whatever map you choose with nothing but a bunch of villagers and are free to choose where you place your Village Center (required before you can build anything else and serves as radial zone for where you can place other buildings at first, so choose wisely!), unless someone (or you!) has made a map where the Village Center was already placed (you only get one, this ain't no 4x). Also, when you build your first farm, you have to collect wild food (carrots only, so far) before they can start growing them in the farm (this is a one-time deal, a working farm can populate a new one). While it is ultimately a village sim and has buildings, food/energy requirements, I'd end the tracable influences to Banished there.Tower Defense:This is a big one, as it encompasses the actual challenge of the game. I spend most of my time on Peaceful, because I'm a casual grow-and-love city builder type gamer, but this is one of the rare few games where I'll switch off peaceful and play the regular game because A) Peaceful at this stage is -super- low on content and extremely easy being locked on Day 1 difficulty (you really only need/will ever use 2-4 of the available building types) B) Instead of devoting my city to raising a military, in Tower Defense style, your buildings do most of the work for you (your villagers will fight mobs, dumbly, and you will lose a lot of them, but that's the point! ""Losing is Fun!""). Also, currently, you get to have one save, per mode, per map, per profile (you really only need one profile, unless you have a family or RL friends -scoff-) so I can come back to my peaceful cities when I want. So far (more buildings planned in the next update, expect this to change), the only offensive building is a Fire Tower (you can also build walls for defense/mob funneling) which will TD-style automatically fire at mobs close enough. All living things die in a burst of pixelated blood and green ""essence"" which serves as mana/power for your Fire Tower (and an Essence Collector, which is essentially a battery for the Fire Tower). Every day that you survive, the rate that mobs appear increases, and so the difficulty.Most of the game and its mechanics are covered above.Atmosphere:Pixels!:At this point, you either love pixel-art or hate it. If you love it, this game does it very well. There's even an option to smooth out some of the pixel animation like essence flowing to an Essence Collector/Fire Tower(which looks gorgeous and well-fantasy-themed even for pixels), but I like pixels so I haven't even bothered. I'll edit this next time I go into the game and look (which may not be til the next update).Music/Sound:Music is a nice, calming fantasy-like tune that fits well into the pixel-art world. I've never had to turn it down or off after several hours, but that's really all I have to say about it, as I tend to not notice game music anyways. Sounds come mainly from birth/death of villagers and are just a quick happy or sad tune that fits with the music-style.Maps:You can make your own maps!Saved in whatever, and however many, folders you'd like. Ray is currently not very focused on (or very impressive at - sorry man) making maps for the game himself, which brings me to a special point.If you buy Early Access and you make a good map and post it on his forum, Ray may add your map to the game before final release!This is, as far as it stands now, an Early-Access-Only feature. I've seen those threads pop up, and I've seen maps get added, and updated. Be a real contributor to the game!Maps are 1-z level (no digging down DF fans, these are humans!) but give a vague impression of depth as dense resources appear ""taller"" than their regular counterparts and is a nice touch to the aesthetic without complicated mechanics needed.Currently, Ray is experimenting with map size in an effort to reduce code/program efficiency, so if you get in now, there might be changes."
,Recommended,328080,29298247,Posted: 16 January,all,Bjorn Inabjarn,"This game is worth it, plain and simple.  Constant updates, attention to detail I could only say is due to a real love for what he is doing.  This game is the whole reason why early access exists.  If you like village simulator games and want to support a truly awesome game then spend the money on this.  Again, this game is worth it, plain and simple."
76561198093895324,Recommended,328080,29456443,Posted: 23 January,all,pongored81,"This review was originally posted July 2016 for your informationIt's a village management game where you'redoomedtolose, what else can I say. It's pretty fun, especially if you acquire it at the price of 5$ like i did. It reminds me of banished in its' managment style, yet its' objective is (like i said before) to get youkilled. Needless to say I have my fingers crossed for adifficultysetting or even an adaptivedificulty. Hopefully theDEVwILl see this as he seems pretty involved.24 Hour updateI totally believe this game is worth its10$price point, in fact I plan on buying it for my brother.What I SeeSurvival mode provides a satisfying challenge, after each raid by monsters you feel some relief having survived the night. But after you have built up there is not much to stress on defenceP.S. build tons of wood golem generators, it's the way to go.What I wantHoping to see the upcoming inventory update and how its implemented.Plus I think it would be cool if there was some type of levelable character like a hero atached to your profile, though I don't know if this is really the place for ideas. whatever75 Hour updateContent has been added at quite the swift rate, updates come and go and its very much appreciated.THE GOODAs mentioned the updates come at a decent rate and the dev is still quite involved with the game. He also nerfed my wood golems so indefinite survival is no longer a go. The challenge is back boysTHE BADHE NERFED MY GOLEMS, I mean it had to be done as life was much too easy but the lack of a good medium is present again. Survival will probably please the hardcore players and peaceful will please some of the light casuals but I still can't find the right mode for me. To put it more into view I spend a couple of hours in each gameplay and near the end you helplessly accept your fate and it's frustrating. There is no out of game rewards to help you next time and you probably won't experience late game features do to your unfortunate circumstance.THE OTHERSome things that I think I would like to see- Controllable hero WASD style, not too strong to were it changes the game broken but to add some flavor to the game, limit him on stamina and strength or something and make him       semi-autonomous- Better leveling on the golems or regeneration at spawn so they survive to level up as they cant match with the skeletons !!! WARNING TOXIC JOKE !!!( more like skeleTONS as in they will crowd all up in your face )- Perks you can keep earned through gameplay, possibly implemented into the hero ideaThis is just my two cents as I like the game enough that i wrote this review. Hope some more people pick up this neat little game as I need you guys to fund my updatesFin for now"
76561198012790750,Recommended,328080,24720663,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Formerly Dr Kang,"Hi there.  Are you in your 30s?  Do you like building things?  Do you remember when Warcraft meant RTS and not an MMO?  Than have I got a game for you.I dunno, maybe its just me.  Back hWen (cool hWip), I liked RTS games like Warcraft III or Age of Mythology when I could build up my base and THEN go murder the enemy.  But thats just me-I digress.Retro Pixel Castles hits you right in that build up and kill em all itch.  The Dev is active and responsive, which is more than I can say for my ex-gf.  Good god Im funny.  I should probably go out and make some friends  rather than posting on Steam for validation.  Im so lonely.UPDATE: Liquor-soaked self-loathing aside, the biggest problem that I have with this game is that the constant updates and new builds render my saves useless almost instantaneously.  The dev releases new content so quickly that I barely have time to figure out the ~new~ mechanics/additions before the NEW stuff is added.So...stop?This is the only review of any game I've ever written, and that's because I truly believe that the Steam community should support devs like Rayvolution-committed to their product, active in the community (toxic swamp we can be) and committed to seeing their vision through.  If every game that came out as pre-release of Project Greenlight'd had 25% of the follow through that Rayvolution or the guys from Stonehearth do, none of us would be cynical about pre-release games on Steam.Soooooo, Retro Pixel Castles is a great openworld pixely city builder, the dev is active and awesome, and I clearly still need to go outside and make some friends."
76561197999709326,Not Recommended,328080,12657178,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Balthazar,"Edited on Jan 29 2015So this game has been updated, and i've been asked to check the game out again since there is now more content, and this does TECHNICALLY qualify as an early version of the game, rather than simply being a tech demo as it originally was, dumped on steam with no warning that the game wasn't practically playable any more than starcraft 2 with only command centers and scv's would be.But i'm not impressed. My problems with this game comes down to- Terrible ""village management""- Sketchy bussiness practice, not necessarily malignant, but the dev is inexperienced and it shows- Lack of direction- There is no way to make interesting maps (All current ones are garbage)- Even at 10€ the game is heavily overpricedI don't want to go into little bugs and irritants, although they are not in short supply, this is early access and these are expected, but the above problems aren't something you can fix with a little patch, they require major reworkings of the game or the way the development operates.By far the biggest issue here is the way new villagers are aquired; the game borrows the double dumbass approach of towns where you will only reproduce if your people are happy AND your people will only be happy if they aren't doing anything. I really didn't want to add this sentence but if you look in the comments for this review it's obvious i'm going to get called on it if i don't so yes, technically you CAN aquire new citizens even at 0 happiness, but the odds of that happening are so abysmally low, i've played 4 games now and i've seen 1 new person appear at <25 happiness, so it doesn't matter.This is made far worse by the game's approach to combat. I expect combat to change a lot as new features are planned for it, but it is still taking the approach of high volatility combat; you're going to lose people defending your home. Compare this to Towns and Dwarf Fortress; in towns you also have this stupid villager approach to population growth, but you're very unlikely to lose people in combat, so it doesn't completely shut down your village even if you're frequently in combat. Dwarf fortress has frequent, massive genocides with scores of dead characters, but population growth is tied to the value of all items your fort owns, and looting enemies gives you lots of weapons, armor and clothes of good value, so you typically get lots of new migrants coming in to refill the ranks of your military.This game has you attacked about every 30 seconds right now, there is practically no breathing room, and it starts immediately. The game seems more like an RTS than a village sim, but with an extremely slow process of replenishing your forces. This could work in the same ways as custom maps for starcraft and warcraft have done, which was awesome, but when you can't expand your population you're just stuck, unable to do anything.Tying happiness to idling is another total failure for the game, especially with the constant aggression. You basically turn the whole game into ballancing workload vs free time; too little workload and you won't be able to build the defenses, too much workload and you never get enough people. This could work as a component to the game, but it just becomes the sole focus, and all you end up doing is unassigning and reassigning people in a neverending circle of tedius micromanagement.Speaking of tedius micromanagement, the villagers are terrible at carrying out tasks efficiently. If you order too many houses/defenses/farms (read: more than 2) they'll start building the first house, then when it's halfway done, they apparently switch to the next, with just a few people working on the first. The result is a collage of unfinished structures littering your town, and if you're building defenses while they're being attacked, the builders will drop their materials to fight, then carry them of to the wrong building, leaving a single unfinished tower for up to 20 minutes was the worst i had, with the little idiots running back to pick up their wood, then drop it as a zombie got close, run over to punch the zombie, then pick up the wood and haul it to another tower under construction. (I queued 4 towers, silly me)This isn't really a big issue to work around, just don't queue up constructions, right? Sure, but this is more micromanagement on top of giving builders their mandatory vacation time, and on top of the next issue:Villagers apparently gather resources from completely random places. This means if you're building something in one place and you assign them to gather wood/rocks nearby, they'll gather it there, but if you then build the next building somewhere else (Why would anyone want to keep their farms and defenses seperate...?) you have to unassign where to gather resources, or the idiots will run halfway across the map to chop down a tree, instead of the one assigned right next to them.All this combined means you don't spend your time organizing defenses, planning your town or anything you'd expect from this game, you're just babysitting these idiotic villagers; go chop here, don't chop there, don't be a builder, don't mine there, mine here, be a builder, don't be a farmer, etc. etc. and this is what the game is; it takes hours to build anything because of this nonsense, and you need to leave the game running without building anything to get new villagers.The other major issue with this as a village sim is that there are no different resources; just food and construction materials. Wood and stone are just different colours; no buildings/tools/tech needed for extraction, take the same time, trees don't regrow, what's the point?The game's bussiness practice also smells bad. The game was initially kickstarted successfully, and IMMEDIATELY after that it was dumped on early access, despite being nothing more than an abysmal tech demo; no combat, just farms and houses forever; 30 minutes and the game ran out of things to do. My problem with this is how eager the dev is for cash. Why wasn't the kickstarter enough to at least make a functional game before throwing it out here? He'll happily charge full price for a tech demo, and the ""game"" has even been on sale. I hate old sayings, but ""Don't sell the skin before shooting the bear"" seems apt for once.The other problem the dev has is the game's lack of focus. This game is NOT on early access to get feedback, because there are so many features missing it's practically impossible to give any worthwhile feedback. What the dev seems to want is ideas for where to take his game, and early access is a terrible place for that. Maybe you want a village sim and this turns into an RTS? Well then, jokes on you. It's impossible to satisfy everyone, but you're still charging them for it. Like i wrote at first, the game has elements of an RTS and a village sim as the dev advertises both on the store page and here:http://retropixelcastles.com/index.php?/page/key_features.htmlbut they don't work together. You can't have the volatility of an RTS combined with the slow growth of a village sim; one has to dominate. The game also touts this ""inevitable failure"" part, as if it has any benefit; If you're building a village you want to see it grow and expand; what's the point of that if the village doesn't matter and you're just playing for high score? I don't mind the ""see how long you can last"" thing, but its fun in an RTS, where you build things only because of their immediate value to your survival, not in a village sim.Apparently we're supposed to unlock stuff after we die, because grinding for necessary unlocks is everyone's favorite thing about videogames.The game also claims to be ""unique"" which is nonsense; stronghold and majesty has done ""defend and grow village"" over a decade ago, and MUCH better.TL;DR: This is an RTS where all you can build is farms, houses and towers, and you can't control or replenish your units."
76561197996123460,Recommended,328080,34266920,Posted: 15 August,all,Malorn,"This is what the new populous games SHOULD look like.  This is a god-game done right, with detailed monsters and worshipers.  It is not Black and White, in the sense that you do not compete for worship nor abuse your followers.  It is a simple concept, your villagers against the world and you are their god.A lot of people might be worried about 'early access' these days, and rightfully so.  This is one of the games I can solidly say is a safe bet.  It has a strong development cycle and does not have any half-finished features implemented in the game.  It is a fully playable and enjoyable game.  A lot can be said for the developer as well, I posted a bug report with a corrupted save file and not only recieved a response within an hour, the game was patched shortly thereafter to resolve the problem.  Finally, since I still had a corrupted save, he fixed the save file so I could play again.  All of this within 6 hours of the intial bug report.  That sort of thing is common anymore, and it's refreshing to see such dedication.It's a good game with a solid design and a reliable developer, that's worth a buy in my book."
76561197984529431,Recommended,328080,32201235,Posted: 5 June,all,muricaderp,"It's like Towns, but with a better Dev team, better defense options, better monsters. Well i guess it's similar to Towns, just as a 1985 Datsun hatchback is to a Astin Martin DB10.  Sure they are both cars, but which one will you play with more frequently?"
76561198040709212,Recommended,328080,23970651,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,christinenice,"I love my little people!  I consider myself a more casual gamer, and the peaceful mode allows me to build up my colonies without the risk of being wiped out.  For those who want it, there is Survival mode.  I did enter Survival mode by accident and found it very challening.  Peaceful mode is not completely without enemies, which gives it a little zing.I got my main colony up to 381 people.  Over winter only 3 people starved to death!  I was aiming for none, but 3 isn't so bad.  I am currently working through the challenge of balancing food stores to farms to population growth.   Once you get to a certain population level, those little suckers just keep popping out new babies!  I admit I get a thrill every time I see a birth announcement!I really like the roads and paths in the game.  I haven't ever seen that.  When the people walk a certain direction back and forth long enough, they make their own paths.  You can make paths for them, or upgrade the paths they have made into roads.  There is a data screen that will highlight those paths for you.  Once my population was wealthy enough, I upgraded all my roads, which also gave my people a reason to keep chopping down trees and mining rocks.  Work, my little peoples, work!I love this game.  There is not just one way to play it.  My aim is to see how large I can grow my population before it destroys itself."
,Recommended,328080,32456017,Posted: 15 June,all,Da2in,"Horribly addicting, this game has seriously messed up my sleep.  Developer actually almost releases too many updates, all  of which change the game drastically for the positive.  There were performance issues, probably related to threading all the checks that the villager objects do constantly.  But, that has been fixed and it's friggen sweet.  Release your locusts and crumble the isle of ruins to gravel."
,Recommended,328080,33766163,Posted: 24 July,all,Imperfect Cog,"I've played this game for over 100 hours. I bought it a long time ago. The developer has been consistantly working on this title ever since, adding and changing things, and is definitely passionate about his game.  Definitely worth buying if you have any interest in a survival/real time/tower defense/god/city builder hybrid game with rpg elements. 10/10"
76561198032027526,Recommended,328080,23672140,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,mscisme84,"This is a great game, simple yet elegant in a way that the old school RTS games embodied before everything was a competition for better graphics, higher command rates and one dimensional UGC instead of a serious challenge from the game.It takes a while to properly master the resource chains and plan locations and manpower accordingly but the result is more than satisfying once you have mastered the secrets of proper balance.It is hard to get used to workers having their own decision making processes but thet are always getting smarter and better thanks to awesome Dev support, and it is relaxing not to have to micromanage once you are adjusted.If you are looking for a new DOTA keep moving, if you remember the RTS games from the 90's and early 2K's then this is for you.Also, awesome Dev Support again."
76561198006221062,Recommended,328080,33483438,Posted: 12 July,all,Gundies,"This does not feel like an early access title. There is a lot of content here and things don't feel broken or missing. Add to that having significant updates every few months and things will just get better. The game is fun, challenging, has good replay value, and in general is just well worth your time and money."
76561198018821714,Recommended,328080,32573439,Posted: 19 June,all,drewbicus,"TL;DR: Buy this game, it's amazing and fun.Long review:I bought the game as a birthday gift to myself and am incredibly pleased. It's fun, entertaining, and has more depth than you might suspect. The art style is simple and clean. Game play is simple to learn while offering great challenge.Resource management is efficient: Wood, Stone, Food, and Crystals are the basic four to be gathered from the map. They can each be refined into secondary, advanced resources.Your citizens are not directly managed other than being able to pick them up and move them around. They operate by AI based on how you manage your village development. This saves a lot of click and drag that bogs down other titles. It was a great design choice. Citizens also level up based on their work, becoming more efficient and stronger over time.Your village succeeds or fails based on your method of developing it, and defending it. Monsters will start attacking your village within a few days of starting it. The game brings in aspects of RTS games and Tower Defense as your primary combat systems. Much of your defense is managed by tower construction and building obstacles to slow the advance of attacking nasties.The game can be played in settings from Sandbox mode to Nightmare mode, meaning from ""no monsters"" to ""Do you feel lucky, punk?"" The hardest level can pose a challenge to the most advanced village-building gamer.The game is not complete, but updates are frequent. The developer is present on the Steam forums and hosts Twitch streams to keep players up to date with development. He's also very interactive with the player base and open to new ideas. This is the kind of developer who keeps improving the game and providing new content on a regular basis. Check in on his streams, you'll like the guy and his video-bombing cat.I give this game a 10/10 because it's great as is, getting better all the time, and the developer is a fantastic example of how to conduct business when creating a game."
,Recommended,328080,23090918,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,linkywins,"One of the most entertaining gaming experiences I’ve had recently.Considering this is still in early access with phenomenal support and communication from the developer I suspect that I’ve gotten a complete steal at $10USD . I’ve already invested ~50 hours in the game and I although some aspects of the game still need some refinement   there is a clear development path with tons of feedback from the devs. I only wish more early access dev’s put this much effort into their work. I’ve been able to figure out the majority of the gameplay mechanics without in-depth research and though it’s taken me dozens of attempts I do not feel the least bit frustrated when I restart to “do it just a little bit better this time!” – I’ve recently subbed to the “unstable” build am enjoying the new almost daily updates, even if it means the difficulty curve is sometimes completely out of whack.Huge thumbs up and looking forward to the next major patche(s). RPC has already earned a place in my heart :)"
76561197971318812,Recommended,328080,25992150,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,ZeroGravitas,"The sole developer, Raymond Doerr, is offering up a first class Early Access experience. He seems to be astoundingly active, quickly answering messages on twitter, Steam and the dedicated official game site, which is itself well maintained with an artful attention to detail.Updates come thick and fast, with a casual little suggestion of mine turning up in a patch a day later. Very gratifying! You can really see how determined he is to make this something great, accounting for every piece of feedback. So I'm fully reassured that, even though it's almost two year's since the successful Kickstarter, Retro-Pixel Castles will eventually reach a proper, full release, however long is need to make it a really great gaming experience.As of the current version, inDev22e, I'd say that the game alone is only just about worth it's price tag. There are a couple of nights worth of obsessive play in there, building out your village and defense setup, provided you have a modicum of patience to get into it. After failing initially, I personally watched the handily linked 'tutorial' video, to get the gist of a few basics. The in-game tips were very helpful too. But having figured out how to survive the initial onslaught, the excitement does trail off... The transition to starting a new village map is currently a little rough and without any campaign mechanism in place yet there's no particular motivation to go through the motions more than a couple times.However, it looks like the game's meta is due to change with the upcoming monthly major update and there are a lot of promising additions lined up. Really looking forwards to the future of this project. :-)Bear in mind that while this game is the same genre as Rimworld, it's pretty distinct from it - it's more like supervising a colony of ants, with no capacity or need to micromanage each little person. I feel the villager AI works pretty well, but it's best not to worry too much about the fine detail, just plan out your build strategy and keep an eye on those monsters. Also, there's a significant (and hopefully growing) tower defense aspect to the play, with it being possible to build little mazes for enemies to path through while getting shot. Quite a novel marriage of two of my favorite, most addictive game genres!Also be warned that the game can run a little choppily under certain circumstances, but is getting better optimized with each update and refinements are also due that should help avoid overly demanding conditions. Likewise I experienced a couple of crashes initially, but the frequent auto-save meant I never lost any progress and I've been unable to replicate the problem after recent updates. Continuous improvement."
76561198087099661,Recommended,328080,23365822,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,DotDot,"NOTE: my play time is WAAAAY off. i have satelite internet so i play offline 90% of the time.ive probably logged 40 hrs in the game. rough estimate.i had to do a rewrite on my review. i feel like the first one wasnt doing the game justice.plus the dev is improving the game so frequently that i had to do some improving of my own.nothing but praise for the game. im a long time fan of city building games and strategy dating back to caesar3 and the original warcrafts.im a fan of tower defence genre, but have always got bored of them fairly quickly as they are usually fairly shalow in the strategy aspect.the combination of the two genres in Rise to Ruins is a bullseye. strategically.balancing the two aspects of RtR is what makes it so entertaining for me. well. just about all aspects are entertaining for me.as you start your village, as the god of said village, you must:manage the harvesting of resources (much strategy in the harvesting)decide what building to build, where to place, when to start beefing up defence(more strategy)design your village so as to make it survive the onslought of baddies(allot of thinking involved)and decide where and when to use your godly influence to aid the development of your people.there is plenty of options as far as how you choose to survive.plenty of different towers to choose from, magical golems to fight for you, spells to attack directly, different techs to go after and in different orders. like aremor for your people, along with weapons, tools to help them work faster,  refined food products, healers, expediters, road workers,.....ect.ect....and as a final note, the dev is amazing at what he do. he responds really (really really) fast to any issues. is updating the game at redicules speeds. he just added more game modes.map editor,music is golden.game is great at chalenging you.nice people in the player base. they help.asthetic is just cohesive as all get out.GG. have fun."
,Not Recommended,328080,18776937,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Knight Paragon,"Being a fan of Dungeon Keeper and resource-gathering and structure-building games like Startopia, let's just say I really wanted to love this game. I don't even like it.There's just not much game here. All buildings seem to be lackluster and blatantly 2-tier right up front. Little is hidden. Want wood? Lumber jack or advanced lumberjack. Want stone? mason or advanced Mason. The buildings are rather bland and show little innovation or setting/theme.Basically you set your people to work by painting resource gathering areas on trees, stone, etc. Then you construct buildings to process these resources so you can make a defense tower or two and some magic makers.You have a set of spells, once again all presented up front with little in the way of unlocking or earning their acquisition. Fireball for killing. Healing aura for ... healing. You can guess the rest. You've seen them in just about every other god-game.My point is, re-hashing all the tired old god-game concepts from the 90's to now in a cute little pixel style doesn't show much originality and doesn't necessarily make the game fun. Grinding through several hours of this in attempt to enjoy it I finally realized, this simply is not a fun game yet.I hope, sincerely, to update this review later upon release, praising it for it's clever spell set, tiered growth and scaling, intense combat mechanics creative buildings, hearty and lore-filled setting and my attachment to the characters I'm leading. Right now it just has none of these features."
76561198044341161,Recommended,328080,32843248,Posted: 26 June,all,Bertimus Prime,"I've spent nearly 300 hours on this game. I (like to think) I master each new build as it comes out. This game is relentless. You will lose often and quickly as you slowly learn the game. If you like being tortured by tiny pixel monsters, this is a game for you. I love everything about it."
76561198061821045,Recommended,328080,28330160,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,that-ben,"I picked that game up on sale at 50% off and I must say I'm very happy with Retro Pixel Castles.  It offers pixelated graphics, which has been kind of hype for a couple years now.  I like those graphics a lot... Characters are literally like 8 pixels tall and when they battle against ennemies the blood sprays everywhere on the grass, it's awesome HAHAHA! Orchestral soundtrack is awesome.  It's a hard game tough!In the first gameplay hour, I was a bit overwhelmed with all the functionalities, buttons, menus and I was a little bit confused about how to play the game, until I grasped the concept.  Retro Pixel Castles is like Majesty, not like Warcraft, so basically you do not control individuals, you only control where they build facilities but other than that, it's 100% AI.The other thing I didn't use (and why I constantly lost) is the god powers.  Just like in Majesty, you can instantly cast spells anywhere on the map and one of those is particularly helpful (or should I say *required*) in order to win some maps: the ""Motivate Land"" spell.  It makes plants and food instantly grow up.  Without using this spell, my would villagers always die from starvation in the middle of summer, even if I had built 2 farms and picked up all the local wild food patches :PI find that this game takes 1 to 2 hours of initial gameplay to learn the basics.  It's fun because you learn a trick or a strategy every time you play, making it addictive.  Overall, it's a very"
,Recommended,328080,20830351,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,BabyDaddy Joseph Smith,"9/10. Retro Pixel Castles has been on my top 3 since he rewrote the AI ground up, reading other reviews here it seems people havent played recently. The dev has been tuning and perfecting his ""creatures"" behaviors for months. they are advanced and work like little bulldozers.Goodies.1. Mechanics are pinpoint (game has an amzing tip system to teach you if u won't touch tutorials. (im looking at you)2. Recently updated resolution (moar pixels)3. Relaxing music and great art is better than 4k resolution right?!4. Super powers! you can regrow forest, send and take creatures and resources from ""limbo"".... its so interesting to use a cullimnation of assigned work, magic and good ol' fashioned city building to survive the increasing hordes.5. Developer is super active on steam forums and his twitter and his website. always pushing updates almost MONTHLY!The Bad.1. Beta, waiting for the good stuff isnt fun!2. The occastional glitches, every game has em.3. Having trouble with bad stuff here.... primarily It is an easy game once you understand the mechanics, but it's still so much fun. He found a sweet spot between simple and replayable.Finals words, The best features of this game is its ""creatures"", beautiful music and a town to build.. looking at the Road map in game he has so many features planned, this game is in the act of tuning its brain. i promise if u have ever played any village simulator this one is for the record books.BUY A STEAM CONTROLLER, This game is next level on a tv with a good controller config (will upload mine soon, Mercy has his uploaded and i built my own off his)"
,Recommended,328080,23194513,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,ryktech,"The game is very good, and shows a lot of potential. However, it IS an Early Access game, and there are of course some issues in gameplay balance and other areas, namely in how unreasonably difficult the game can be to control. The 2 games I can most relate to are Banished, and Dwarf Fortress - though it clearly distinguishes itself from both of these.The game itself is very challenging on its own terms, in a way that inspires you to continue learning and strategizing despite many failed attempts. The gameplay is very fluid (though the framerate sometimes isn't) and is structured very intuitively.My other thoughts on this game so far are as follows:+I love what there is of the soundtrack so far, somewhat reminds me of Runescape.+Love the interactive Main menu+The visuals of the game are so crisp and well designed, but I wish you could zoom out a little more, and zooming in as much as is available just hurts my eyes.+Lots of variety in maps so far, but I wonder if there will be more - or even procedural generation.+The map editor is excellent.------------It would make sense to lower temperature in rain and at night, and to let seasons affect gameplay differently depending on the area climate (ex. summer is hotter in the desert, not as bad in the tundra or mild areas)-The villager info panel needs to be better. When looking at the only panel that lists all villagers, I can't tell hardly anything about any of them besides their level. Seeing any other information about them on that panel would be incrediblly useful, as would be the ability to sort them differently or click their names as links in alerts.-Children (though they are agood game mechanic) currently make understanding your population difficult.-Some god powers are difficult and/or confusing to use.-It is very difficult and frustrating to attempt to navigate combat, or any other situation where a large amount of villagers and/or other creatures are stacked on top of one another - it's so hard to have an actual grasp on how the fighting is going, or if a villager needs healing because you it's so difficult to select them in the chaos.-I really wish I there was an option to disable the screen shaking so constantly.-----------That's all I've thought up for now, but I'll try and keep this relatively updated."
76561198027158365,Recommended,328080,21839707,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,ComradeSergei,"Don't get me wrong, It's a good-ish game, but there is painfully little in the way of gameplay at this stage of development, it's really barren, after maybe an hour you've already pretty much got everything up and running and there's nothing left for you to do.it does have quite a bit of potential for modding it seems, just like rimworld this could become a thousand times what it already is if some modders were to set their eyes on this game."
,Not Recommended,328080,21801464,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,calibrojosh10,"What I liked:Challenging survival gameThe music is soothing( despite the game being and hard)What You Need to Know:This game is far from a great early access game atm, it feels very content poor atm.You get attacked non-stop unless you turn on peaceful modeAI is stupid, they all will stop doing anything to attack mobs across your base( they will rarely pick up the dropped resources, WTF, even when it's a foot from the building that needs it)The amount of options for defending or upgrading your village is still not even close to what it could be. ( So hold on to your money till it gets more content)This game has potential, just not yet. If you want this style of game. Get RIMWORLD!!!! It's so freaking awesomeWill revisit this game when the developer puts more content and makes the AI more usableSadly this game will fall into the ether of other medicore EA titles, because the content and issues with the game are too strong to have any funThis game had 2 hours of content. No unlocks or research to get better stuff. Just basic builidngs and uniteresting survival mechanicsMy Score:DPaid:$10Main reason for dislike: Too few content atmThe best game of this style:Rimworld!!!! not on steam yet :("
,Recommended,328080,22572602,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Dick Killroy,"It's a good start.Shockingly enough the trailer makes the game seem more intresting and exciting than it is. Not to say I didn't enjoy it, it's just a very slow game. No time speed ups so get used to normal game time all the time. The game is enjoyable, but nothing that would keep you on constantly. This is something you can best play while writing a paper or cleaning your room. ""You guys go this, and I'm gonna read /pol/ posts until you make a ding"" Was pretty much the game plan. A couple time's I took a nap and woke up with doubled population (and one time when everyone just starved to death)A lot of the god powers are pretty useless depending on which play mode you play (Survival or Peaceful). Like in survival, I found the only useful tool was the pickup button. When ever a hoard would come I woild pick off one by one and toss them on the other side of the map.At first I would keep checking the Alerts button to see what I can do to help my people, but after a while it became something to be ignored. A lot of problems that I faced I can do nothing about.>""So n' so is on fire"">Picks up person and puts in water.>He walks out and keeps being too hot.Also, and this is my big problem/ reason for writing this: In peaceful mode I got my pop up to about 230 and now whenever I load up the game and open that map the game crashes. Before when I was at a pop of like 190 I noticed things got laggy, then I feel asleep again, woke up, turned the game off (saved and all) and now I cannot get back into my file.I checked out the whats next on 1.9 and all, roads can wait. Games like these gave to have a large pop cap on them, it's the whole point in doing a game like this. The goal and over all satasfiaction with something like this is seeing that your once 32 pop village a now 320 pop city!Overall, it's a fun game and I'm really looking forward for future development. It's just really, slow."
,Recommended,328080,24018710,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Jost Amman,30% God game / 30% Tower Defence / 40% City Builder.Zombies / Skeletons / Headless /Fire Elementals / Specters!Big strategic map (in development) with many maps.Challenging (but not unfair) gameplay / git gud.Very active and open minded dev.New In-Dev update every 1/2 weeks.Very low price/play-hour ratio.Definitely recommended!
,Recommended,328080,26237968,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,stretch611,"A nice little village simulator... just don't get too attached to your villagers or they will die. And it will be your fault. When they starve you  learn that you need to start your food generation earlier, when a zombie kills them, maybe you realize your defenses should have been started earlier. Walk away without pausing the game... don't expect survivors when you get back...Cool game... the dev is responsive to feedback and is actively improving the game.Well worth the money."
,Recommended,328080,31531768,Posted: 3 May,all,TheBedivere,"This is a very detailed city builder that is tough without being impossible.The dev is active and there have been frequent updates, so I have high hopes for this game's future."
76561197970793444,Recommended,328080,28104786,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,hoardmaster,"Old school is best school...I used to be impressed by flashy graphics, back in the PS2 days. Not anymore. Now all I care about are mechanics, and I love this game, incomplete atm though it is. The production chains are solid, the micromanagement is simple yet as involved as you want to make it, and the inventory system for each and every little peon is awesome. I also have laughed hard enough to set my dog to barking several times at the names of nomads joining my village. I may have once recruited Kanye West, just sayin'... it's fun, the campaign settlement mode is boss, and I love the variety and intensity of the monster spawns. PS, if you wanna get rid of monster spawning structures, build fire pits near them, and your golems and peons will go hack them up. Enjoy, worth the price by a wide margin!"
76561198193206533,Recommended,328080,15718805,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,cRaZy J,"If you love Sandbox building, strategy, survival, sims, and pixels, then this game is for you! Even though it is in early release right now, the game's mechanics work really well and there is a healthy amount of depth into the game (eg. Zombies have names!)It also has an active auto save feature that may briefly glitch the screen (just a heads up), but it is functional and handy. The sounds and music are fantastic and immersive.Things that I look forward to in the update:- an active tutorial that helps point out buttons and functions (the current tutorial available is fan made and is accessable with an in-game link. It is a helpful tutorial, but might be slightly confusing to some)- More food sources (deer, rabbits, wheat, corn, etc)- more monster typesSo far this game is so good :D"
,Recommended,328080,29103968,Posted: 7 January,all,Healie The Llama 💀,"I'm not a professional reviewer, so sorry if this isn't good.This game is a mixture of tower defense, survival and strategy. I picked it up on sale for 5 bucks.Pros:-Art style-Variety of starting areas-Challenging game modes-Active development and friendly, understanding dev.-Accidentally dropping a rock on a villager, knocking him out cold is hilarious.-The sounds are great!Cons:-If you don't go in with a ""losing is fun"" mentality, Survival mode may seem far too difficult. I highly recommend that new players try Peaceful mode first. However, after you get over the difficulty hump and learn the balance to survive, the challenge kind've disappears.Honestly, most of the cons I had written here I've removed because the dev has vastly improved the issues. The spell system is better, the performance is better...he posts little tidbits and previews of upcoming updates on his Twitter (@RaymondDoerr), so I recommend following!Suggestion:-I think that the amount of buildings needed to create items and perform functions for other buildings could be more streamlined. Example: Eliminate the Tumbler and put that function into the Stone Cuttery.Overall, I do think this game is worth the 10 dollar price tag (I waited 'till a sale because I'm a poor bastid), and I highly recommend it if you want a challenging experience."
76561197977146636,Recommended,328080,13686259,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,NemesisZidar,"I played it a while and i have to say it shows promise.What i missed from similar games like Banished was a challenge from monsters or enemies. Like other tribes trying to kill my people or simply wild animals. Banished couldnt fulfill this wish but Retro Pixel Castles does. Although till now it is limited to Slimes and Zombies (more to come).Obviously it is Early Access and not finished, it is in many ways very barebone, has at the moment no saving function (end 2014) and misses many other things in terms of controls, layout and look.But it also is very playable i have to say. There is something you can get out and giving you some fun. Maps are available from the developer (although they are a bit ugly) or you get a community created map (looking much better).Steamworkshop is missing till now, which makes these a bit ""harder"" to obtain, but they are there.The game goes a similar direction Banished goes. You start with a bunch of people, you create a Towncenter, harvest ressources and build other buildings to support your people or get defenses against Monsters up.You cant control your people directly, which often is a bit painful because you also cant give other commands like a rallye point or make a priority to a building, so you cant influence till now which building they start to build or where they shall group up to fight and defend their town. Also a more direct control over single townsmen/women would be a good addition to decide who is going to be a builder and who will be a farmer (or maybe a guard later on?).But even while there are things missing and flaws at the moment, it is very fun to play. Different maps give a good feeling of what the Dev can come up with and besides that spice the experience up. Playing on one map is very different than on the next one. Even playing several times on the same map is a variety in experience because the starting points are randomized.Currently in:-are different basic buildings like a farm, different kinds of housing (tent and house), lighting, defensetowers, walls, structures to earn ressources-a mapeditor to create your own maps (is kinda easy, just the dev is doing some very ugly ones)-different profile without any use at the moment-a settings option menu-2 types of monsters (zombie and slime)-1 type of food-2 types of usable ressources (stone and wood)-3 types of non usable ressources at the moment (3 different crystaltypes)-a kinda good soundtrack (sounds very pixely)-a very sweet pixel look, zoomable camera (although a bit clunky in performance then)Note: you can enter a beta branch with going to properties of the game, which gives you access to a ""unstable"" version of the game with more features. I highly recommend  to do this, i experienced no crashes on the unstable compared to the basic version which crashed often and got more content from it.How to do this is described on the forum.My review is based of the Unstable Version 2 InDev12 on the Beta Branch.I can recommend this game as an early access game. Even unfinished it is very playable and has enough content to get fun out of it and be creative with the editor to get even more challenge or just experiment.I bought it for 7.49€ and i think it was worth the price. I think 15€ are a bit much for the content at the moment and if you want to wait till it gets cheaper or has more content, then wait.But i think it will definetely be worth this price tag with a bit more content or even when its finished and for an Early Access Game, it delivers more than others do.Its one of the good Early Access Games."
76561198000700334,Recommended,328080,32207513,Posted: 5 June,all,Grover,"The game is still in alpha but is fun, and the dev streams the development on twitch athttps://www.twitch.tv/raymonddoerr. You can't ask for much more from a game made by a single person."
,Recommended,328080,25223259,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Ninja,"Early Access Review:It took me a couple sittings before the game finally reeled me in, but boy has it given me that ""one more turn"" feel like Civ or Empire Earth. tl;dr at the bottom.So what is Retro-Pixel Castles?Right now it's basically a sandbox survival village building / god simulation game. As it's Early Access the content is currently limited, but there is enough to get a good idea of how great this game could be should it continue to go the direction it is currently being developed.What do you do?You can build a village, collect resources, expand your population, defend your land from monsters that attack at night, and then expand your control beyond the current map and export units/resources to ""Limbo"" where you can access them on other maps as part of the World Map system.What can't you do (yet)?Currently there are no animals, as noted by the dev. Building diversity is also very limited; you can see one or two variations of defensive buildings that use each resource type, there is essentially only one gathering building for each type of resource (wood, stone, and crystal), only one resource ""refining"" building for each type of resource, inventory management is a bit awkward--no ability to to prioritize what resources get stored in large storage buildings. Also magic buildings are limited to a portal to Limbo, an essence collecter (used to power magic defense structures), and a crystal motivator (regenerates your natural crystal deposits so they can be harvested sooner.), and a few defensive buildings.There is also currently only one playable race/faction. I would love to see different races / tribes that have alternate methods of collecting resources and different technologies/structures. As someone who grew up with Warcraft 2 and 3, I really fell in love with the base building. (I loved how the Undead didn't have to travel to collect gold, and how the Night Elves could collect wood without destroying trees, thus allowing forests to exist as walls where-as the Humans/Orcs eventually destroy every resource in their path to find each other.)Music is simple and satisfying, but I think it could use more variety as with most of the rest of the game.I hope the dev keeps on improving this game because I'm hooked, I want to see more but I'm afraid even when I expand to my second base there won't be anything but new terrain to see.tl;dr:This game is a fun mix of Dwarf Fortress and Warcraft 2/3. The graphics are colorful and bright. You can build a maze of walls for the monsters to run through turning it in to a real survival tower defense. I recommend it to anyone who likes retro village building."
,Recommended,328080,29060271,Posted: 6 January,all,Domin0e,"Do you like securing villages of Lemmings with elaborate Mazes filled with deadly Ballistas and other Towers? Great!~RPC~ RtR is still a long ways off from full release, but Raymond is a great, communicative dev who really wants early adopters to help shape the game in a way that'll make it better and more fun for everybody."
,Recommended,328080,32276565,Posted: 8 June,all,FailWhip,"I bought Rise to Ruins a very long time ago. played the game for an hour or two, said ""meh"" I won't return it because I want to support the developers...Recently I reinstalled Rise to Ruins and am extremely happy with where the game has come! I myself am a huge strategy game fan so I was able to pick up the resource management playstyle very quickly and jumped in to game at the hardest difficulty.. now almost 8 hours into the same game I have to say I still enjoy it! Replay value is pretty solid. I will definitely consider starting another game in the future.For the rest of this I'll write out some likes / dislikes I have with the game..Likes:-For an early access game. it runs extremely smooth!-Initial start to games is very intense on high difficulties and is fun to try to get a perfect strategy going.-Art style is very simple and pleasant.-AI is few solid!-Reminds me of old Warcraft 3 Castle defense games which I spent far too many hours playing!Dislikes:-UI is very clunky and feels unorganized.-----the two side menus for managing citizens and choosing what to build should be streamlined.. For example, when the mouse is positioned over the menu I want to be able to use the scroll wheel to go up and down, not having to click the arrows. (I'm sure this will be fixed in the future!)-End game loses the ""oh no I can't leave my computer feel""-----after the base is set up and you have a decent power generation you don't have to worry about monsters a whole lot as your towers do so much damage. I think I have 4 ballistas and they take out any strong monsters before they reach me.-My villagers eat turnips.. only..---- I would love to see some more variety in food resources and ways to gather them in the future! Ex: hunting, fishing, other crops.I have extremely high hopes for this game and love how involved the developers are in the process! This game is simple when you look at it but there is a lot of strategy to learn behind it which makes it extremely fun in my opinion.I hope this review helped you all! Enjoy the game if you choose to purchase it :)"
76561197973080662,Recommended,328080,18388527,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Stenk,"One of the worst name i've seen so far but Retro-Pixel Castles is an excellent game. To put it short it's a survival city builder with tower defense components.It's in early access and i can confirm the team is right behind their game and players. Patch comes out pretty often adding   substantial content & features (please don't trust me and check the changelog by yourself as you should always do with early access titles). If you're not into too much reading they have an interesting Dashboard ""Map"" in game where you can actually follow very precisely what will come out sooner or later.Back to the game. Retro-Pixel Castles current state is pretty good. Everything is working so far (pathfinding, building, villagers levelling) for you to try it and the gameplay gives a nice feeling of pressured Banished which i was really expecting. Indeed, you'll have to develop a village strong enough to resist against roaming monsters.Developping a village consist in farming, harvesting ressources, building new homes and keep all those guys (and precious girls) happy so they can mate. Life is beautiful. Except for kids who keep running out of town. But it's no big deal for the god you're playing since you can use powerful spells to try to help this zombie mate a young meteorite.The soundtrack is simply awesome and you may want to get it. It gives a perfect chill & relax feeling which contrast with a tense gameplay.Good gameplay, good music, promising concept & well supported indy game. Go get it now"
76561198035866702,Recommended,328080,18595698,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Cire,"Every time a new update comes out feels like Christmas. Seriously, i freaking love this game. This newest update by the way; amazing. Keep up the good work."
76561198109596460,Recommended,328080,34193431,Posted: 12 August,all,Bertman5505,"Love this Game!,Support for the game is onpoint for an early access and the DEV(s) arevery helpfull and responsive to the communitythis game taught me patience... it took me quite a few tries before i was able toget the hang of the game"
,Recommended,328080,28461497,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,proplaya,"Amazing game for being developed by one person!When I first got it, it was 1-2 years ago. I recently jumped on to see how well things have progressed, and wow! It has grown so much! I definitely recommend it and cannot wait to see what else the developer has in store!"
,Recommended,328080,34178556,Posted: 11 August,all,Mephansteras,"Been playing this a good bit. Fun, with some nice options on the difficulty level. Fits a nice niche for me in-between colony builders like dwarf fortress or rimworld and tower defense games wth a healthy dose of Populous mixed in.Still in development, but so far there is a lot to do and some good depth to the game. I keep finding new tricks and surprises!"
76561197993392850,Recommended,328080,23362752,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Joe Pesci,"-1 Retro-Pixel Castles requires OpenJDK8, thus thus the minimum requirements should state ""Java 8 or Higher Required"". I had to update my java...an eternal task that if there is an afterlife I surely will still have to do.-1 Mouse scrolling on maps(worldmap and micro) was inverted with no way to fix it. Think dragging an icon on your computer and the cursor goes the opposite way. There is an option to toggle ""Invert Map Scrolling"" but it did not seem to do anything. Perhaps it is a bug. Keyboard scrolling for the worldmap works fine though. I suspect if you are a filthy mac user you might not find it a problem (natural scrolling?). I am not sure though.-1 Learning the game is not painless. There are tooltips that are very useful but still lacking. For one, the game continues to run while you are reading and trying find the things the tooltip talks about. For this reason time (hunger, monsters, etc.) are disincentivising you from reading and understanding. The UI is also unexplained. I had trouble figuring out how to build a farm and defensive structures (icon on right of the screen by the way) until it was too late.-1 I found the font not easy to read. Fancyness work against a font if it is not easily readable.+1 neat concept of certain God-like abilities to replenish resources on the map, set the earth on fire, heal villagers, et cetera. Spells/abilities require a slowly replenishing mana.+1 Retro-Pixel Castles is 60FPS. A high FPS does not make a game great but great games generally have high FPS. It is like how successful people get sleep, rise early, and don't sleep in but doing these things don't make you successful.+1 Available on linux+1 no burdensome DRM such as online play required or registration.+1 is a nearly complete game [Early Access]-1 is a nearly complete game [is being sold]+1 Developers active+1 game is not abandoned."
76561197982727216,Recommended,328080,23880437,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,alanisman1,"Retro-Pixel Castles is a city-builder mixed with fantasy RPG elements like monsters, experience & leveling, and magic spells.  Be aware this game is very much in Early Access so there isn't a whole lot to do right now, but there is a lot of potential for more features.  It is still fun to build a village, gather resources, and defend from monsters.  I found the difficulty to be a little harsh as I felt as though I was swarmed with enemies far too quickly.  It's still fun and I still recommend it, especially when on sale.PROS+ Unique take on Banished-style city-builder mixed with monsters, magic, and God powers+ Large continent with multiple sites to develop+ Many modes to experiment with including Peaceful and Sandbox+ Nice little touches like paths that appear where settlers frequently travel+ Includes world creator and developer tools+ Lots of potential for additional featuresCONS- Normal mode is overly difficult (too many monsters too quickly)- Early Access: Lacks content and depth (can see everything in a few hours)- Generic graphics"
76561198011390437,Recommended,328080,20464499,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Mikhail MechHitler,"It's a good game, but still early access, you can only progress so much before you hit a wall where you can't progress due to enemy strength vs your own. Around day 7 things are going south fast. The game looks very promising, I have played, and failed repeatedly, I continue to enjoy seeing my own demise. Energy seems to be my biggest issue, You generate it extremely slowly farming crystals, and from enemy kills, but the difference between what you make and what it costs to kill a mob is considerable. I think that could use some balancing and maybe energy generation methods, I spammed the only building that is capable of producing power and even that didn't do the trick, they just run out so quickly. So all in all, I like the game, I think it will continue to get better as the Devs put more work into it. It plays like Gnomoria accept it's all above ground and you can't use the surroundings to protect yourelf (mobs hack through trees), However you have god powers and can interfere with what is going on to some extent, you can warp villiagers to safety or mobs away, but these are extremely expensive ""influence"" wise, this is the games form of mana, which is generated based on happiness. Fireballs are great, accept when you throw them into crowds of your villiagers because you panic when a hoarde of mobs get in... RIP 1st village.TLDR: Still in development, needs work, I still reccomend it.10/10 Would fireball my own settlement again."
76561198030565756,Recommended,328080,26874505,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,F-Tang Steve,"Retro-Pixel Castles is a great mix between a resource management game and a tower defense. It has that streak of difficulty that I love, similar to games lke Banished or Dwarf Fortress where you can always improve how you get your base set up. It has regular ongoing updates and seems to be well maintained by the developer.I reccomend it for sure."
76561197979511633,Recommended,328080,29886660,Posted: 12 February,all,BYE!!! BYE BYE!!!,"Pros:-Love the pixel art style of the game-Tower defense aspects set it apart a bit from other Dwarf Fortress-likes, combat is an extremely core part of the game and that's not a bad thing at all.-Totally reasonable price. I got it on sale for $5, but even the default price of $10 is reasonable. I bought this less than a week ago as of this review and I already have over 24 hours put into it. The dev is also extremely active so I'm confident in the game's future.-Plenty of content already - a lot of resources, items, and buildings to create.Cons:-Slow pace. The dev has already expressed he has no plans to include a 2x/3x speed option like in games such as Banished or RimWorld, however he will be including a Haste spell to speed your workers up. From what I can tell, this spell will really only be truly useful in the very first 2 or 3 days, because after that you will want to save your mana to blow up enemy spawns. So I don't think that the Haste spell will really solve much. The dev has stated higher speeds would be unnecessary because of the pace of the game, but I find myself with tons of downtime at every stage of the game. If it is a problem of implementation, I can understand, but I see no reason why an optional 2x or 3x speed button shouldn't be added.-Difficulty does not continue to scale. Now that I've done a few runs and I have a strategy for early-mid game, I'm completely ironclad and unstoppable by around day 11. More enemies will probably need to be added (remember you can always do resizes/recolors of existing sprites, nobody gets too upset about that as long as it's not rampant) that can add to more of a late game challenge.-Defense is pretty easy. All you need to do is make a large perimeter for your base and include a single choke point. Because of the enemy AI, they will walk across the entire map just to get to that choke point. I would recommend adding a certain distance threshold for enemies so that if they have to walk a certain distance to get around a wall, they will instead attack the nearest wall. This will force players to maintain multiple points of defense instead of one easily defended chokepoint.Misc suggestions:Quarries like in Banished - on rock floor areas, maybe you could add a building that allows villagers to mine a set amount of rock and iron from a 10x10 spot or however large you'd deem it. My reasoning for this is that I often run out of stone toward the end of the second year, and this would add another way of getting some. It's basically like they're hollowing out that part of the ground.Diagonal roads - just make it so that when roads are connected to another road by only the corner you use a particular diagonal-road sprite. This is for both aesthetic reasons and because diagonal roads are obviously useful given by their automatic creation by the NPCs' pathing.Alternative food sources - domesticated animals, fish.Towers that induce status effects (slow, bleed, decrease armor, etc)"
76561197963650004,Not Recommended,328080,31733649,Posted: 13 May,all,kurple,"Disappointing. The videos and previews of the game are VERY different from the current state of the game. It is no longer the brutal survival simulator that I saw on youtube and on steam. Monsters are very nonaggresive and doctile preferring to stay near their nests and wander around doing nothing. During night time very few monsters bother coming over to destroy my village. And the fights are definitely not as thrilling as the videos made them out to be. There's just one monster with crazy amounts of HP instead of multiple monsters with smaller amounts of HP. This change made the game very...bland. The tower defense aspect of the game isn't very exciting either. Due to the constant restraints of the ""building limit"" you have to keep upgrading your homebase in order to build more towers. And after you get ""permission"" from the ministry of labours your building sites are constantly blocked by tree ""stumps"". When you mine a resource like a tree or a rock for example they leave behind a little ""stump"" that blocks any construction on where the resource used to be. Now I think I understand why this was implimented. It was probably implemented to ""protect"" the player from over harvesting resources so that way they always have a ""stump"" to go back to for more wood, crystals, food etc. What I find troubling about this philosophy is that it is counter intuitive of the philosophy of the game. What I thought the game was about was SURVIVAL, not the forever sand box. The problem with this is two fold: one there already is a survival and sandbox modes so the over arching ""protection"" from the devs to prevent overharvesting goes beyond what the modes imply; players are being handheld in survival mode and it feels...boring. The second problem is that there is no ""end game"" for sandbox right now (neither for survival) so it doesn't matter.Over all I thought this game was going to be breakneck difficulty like dwarffortress, but instead it was a hand-holding, carebear boredom. I like difficulty and I found none here. I was so bored I left my base to run for a couple of real life hours without me and when I came back it was just fine (except for a few people gone missing).If you wanted a care-bear experience with mild tower defense you found the game. If you expected dwarffortress with some cool tower defense aspect to it, you won't find it here."
,Recommended,328080,29993271,Posted: 17 February,all,DaN,"I give this 6/10Some that make it bad..- Chain of craft too short (only 2 tier resource)- No population control (at over 100 pop, birth rate hard to control, they reproduce even limited house)- No skill specialization (str dex agi, no carpenter crafter and other)- Basic Ai (always lookin who attack him.. at this poin put tower and make maze to reach tower the stupid enemy will travel in maze instead hit nearly building/ people)- not for Late game (at 300+ population lag is unavoiable.. using same method above + firetower all enemy wiped out whathever the number), also just expand all your teritory cover all area on map and no more enemy spawn..by this I dont find anymore fun while all area covered.. the end.. unistallbut I recommended this because its good for beginner player learning basic survival city simulator"
76561198072529189,Recommended,328080,31001314,Posted: 7 April,all,Josh,"My Review so far.......The game is self is really enjoyable and you can play for hours, there is a few buildings and few different ways to go about playing the game, the only real problems is the village lagging when you get 200-300 villagers and it just gets to much for the game to handle, someone like my self i would love to expand over the whole region but i cannot because of this bug.The game is only in early access i understand that but i believe the buildings are too easily given to you, i think there should be a technology system implemented into the game, a way for science to be brought into it.Overall i love the game i think for the upcoming updates its going in the right direction and if it keeps going it can be one of the top village simulation/defence games out there. Myself i just like to keep expanding defending and creating loads of little villages to then collect for my limbo more villagers and have one central, lets say a captital region. keep up the good work witht he game its really coming together love it."
,Recommended,328080,15866900,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,bvesco,I've been playing this game through quite a few early access releases. It's really coming along and starting to feel like a great game. The developer is doing about one release every month and each release is quite substantial. This is the way all early access games on Steam should go!
,Recommended,328080,23240485,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Buba_B,"Pixel Castles is a fun and interesting game. It offers a very useful video tutorial for first time players or you can go straight in. It's a little hard to get going but that makes it more of a challenge, right?I am feeling puzzled however as the game was working fine until today when I tried to play it, it crashes on start up. I'm sure this is an issue that will be solved in future by the game developers and that's IF it is the game itself. I am not yet sure of the cause but if people do have the same issue it will be helpful to know :)My overall thought- A brilliant game and the perfect boredom breaker, I highly recommend."
,Recommended,328080,34098098,Posted: 8 August,all,Killgore,"Finally got around to playing this one, had been sitting in my library for a spell, but I racked up nearly 30 hours in the last few days. There is a lot of good potential for growth in this early-access title, and it already plays like a complete game. Really looking forward to where it is going, hoping for mod-support. Totally worth twice the price tag."
76561197970682457,Recommended,328080,34703913,Posted: 2 September,all,seraphim_at,"It was only yesterday that I realized that this is more a tower-defense game...To learn the game mechanics I played a custom game, increased the day/night duration and deferred monster-spawning to day 15That allowed me to build a nice town with a good working infrastructure. At around day 10 I started to take a closer look on defenses, and started building some defense towers. There are tons of defensive buildings compared to the regular buildings, but that’s ok. When monsters arrived at day 15 it was quite easy to handle at first, but within a very short time, they arrived in HORDES. Especially the spectres are dangerous, the others are merely lining up at the walls trying to get through, ready to get pierced by my towers. Only the spectres can walk through the walls, attacking towers or people within my walls.During nighttime, when the monster waves move towards the town, I try to grab as many spectres and place them far far away on the map to reduce the risk of getting overrun. At the same time, I try to grab my golems to drop them near a building that heals them. So, during night it’s a bit stressful to make sure not to get overrun.While realizing that this is more a tower-defense style game is not that bad, the fact that you cannot control your villagers is a bit disappointing. Somewhere I read 'like populous should have been' - yeah, back in the days of that classic you had control over a 'hero' or 'leader' that you could send towards the enemy population. That game needs that too - urgently!There is no way  (that I know of at the moment) to reduce the immense number of monster-spawns on my map (iirc I did not change the numbers for monster spawns when I started my custom game), so that I could, for example, clean a bit of the map from monster-spawns to make the nights a bit calmer ...Also, the game really needs the possibility to define resource-importance for the organizers (think of the poor guys in 'settlers' carrying stuff from flag to flag), as well as the possibilities to tell my production facilities how long or how much to produce from any resource somehow.Yeah, that would be some sort of village builder then, and move away from a god-sim, but it is a bit depressing to see that whole forests lie around chopped down, while there is no place to store the wood, or that I have 15 shovels and other tools in stock - I can turn on/off buildings and assign villagers to their jobs, so I hope that this will be implemented - some control over your 'industry'Also, being a godlike, I’d wish for forming the terrain a bit - rising lowering for exampleAlso, there’s currently not much use in the list of buildings or villagers - but I hope that you might use it to jump to the particular building, or villager via this list - would be usefulSo, what now? Recommend it or not?I'd say, ""Definitely yes"" if you think that dwarf fortress is a bit too rough for you.It’s a solid nice piece of game!"
,Recommended,328080,24532900,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Xian,"Controls take some getting use to. Dragging the map is pretty sensitive. Fought a pixelated zombie and slime. Blood oozed out and brushed up against the walls of my village. THAT was pretty sweet. It rained, puddles formed and grew. THAT was pretty sweet. I got this game for $5 and I'm satisfied playing it for a little bit. I am actually pretty excited to come back to this game in the future.WHICH IS WHAT FREAKING EARLY ACCESS IS!"
76561198127939301,Recommended,328080,17069738,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Tessa Brooks,"(Get this with the actual game.) I loved the soundtrack especially the song ""Wheat Wave"". (Great job devs!)"
76561198029106692,Recommended,328080,14164823,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Lhibnou,"Awesome game, the game was really good before, but with this new inDev (12) the game has been taken to a new level. You have done a really good job at improving the problem of the game (AI for exemple). I really love what you've done and I admire you're work here!Continue like this! (I also appricate the how many information we have of the developpement)"
76561198069691419,Recommended,328080,13872493,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,CaptainCrunchy,"this game could be really fun and i enjoy playing it but it needs some major things need to be added like saving your whole game or how some of the villagers will go rambo and start killing zombies until they die or get to far away from town and stand around waiting to die, but i have good hope for this game and even now i love to play it i would wait a bit but THIS IS A MUST BUY GAME"
76561198057812873,Recommended,328080,14196549,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Jacques,"Even though its still in development, this game is very fun and entertaining.Some reasons its a good game:-YOU can MAKE your own MAPS-Multiple types of gamemode choices (it looks like there will be 4, but when i write this its only 2)-Its only early acces, and its still an exellent quality game.-You have a ""preparation time"" when you start the map (Enemys slowly start apearing more)-Multiple maps to choose from-In a map your people always spawn in a different location than last time.-And theres more but im not listing all of itOnly bad thing i noticed is that it has a small chance of crashing when saving your game (Still saves even if it crashes) if your computers lagging.In the end I completely reccomend this game"
,Recommended,328080,16320452,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,machstem™,"[EDIT]: April 18, 2016Let me make this incredibly clear when I tell you that this game deserves your undivided attention if you're into simulation/survival types.  No mercy but fair in its progression, the developer has been nothing short of a welcome from early access titles.This game went from simple mechanics but with an intuitive UI, limited of course; but throughout its development, more is added, fixed, and updated for better.I purchased this game  some years ago now, and I'm still smiling when I play.Give this game a go, it's worth your time.[EDIT] Came in to make a couple changes to the reviewThis is being written towards the end of January and I have to say this game has done incredibly well in regards to the development and additions it never had way back in June when I first wrote this small review.The game has a rather difficult learning curve, but once you get into the idea that slower builds, resourse gathering and making informed decisions on village center placements, the game becomes much more enjoyable.The audio is still lacking and the ""events"" that happen are so barely visible I rarely know when someone is born other than by audio cue.  Same goes for death.I'd like the music's tone to change during an upcoming attack, to get my ready...or maybe a visual notification such as, ""Reports claim a gathering of monsters was making its way towards our camp...""Still an amazing game for the price.**********Well, I wasn't expectng this.This game, in its current state, is just fantastic.I want to see more music, better implementation of some early-stage mechanics and am excited to see the new stuff down the road.Pick this up if you are a Gnomoria fan or felt like Towns was missing something."
,Recommended,328080,23237833,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,MIH,"This game is very well made. Even though it´s still in development, it looks very promising.It´s a combination of a management game and a godgame, where you have to build, maintain and protect your own village(s). And those two genres have been merged together very well in this game.I recently bought it as I saw it in the store and it caught my attention. It looked like a simple management game, indie style. I have played Banished before, and it looks a bit like it, but this game has it's own characteristics as well. You have an ""influence bar"", which acts as a mana bar. With this influence, you can cast godly spells to improve land, fireball land/enemies/enemy buildings and much more.The game itself is very simple: You start with a global map with a couple of locations where you can start your first village. When you've chosen your location, you can start building! But you have to be fast. Just like other games, the night is very dangerous. The first night will remail calm, but the second night things go down... quickly.The game has a season mechanic. You start in the spring, the easiest of all 4 seasons as food grows the quickest in this season. You have to stockpile food to make sure you can get through the summer, where food growth is significantly slower. The autumn is the second best season, where you can recover from the summer. Though not optimal, it's still good enough to re-establish your food stockpile, as the next season is the harshest: winter. Food growth is almost at a halt, so you better have some food stored. However, with your godly abilities you can grab food from over the map and drop it in the village, to make sure you'll get through winter... if you even get there.Because when playing the regular game, survival mode, so-called ""graveyards"" and ""slime spawns"" spawn quite often, spawning many enemies. Eventually a lot of the map is covered with these graveyards and when the night comes, they can assault your village. If you haven't prepared your defences before that happens, it's pretty much over (RIP me :( ).But if you want to take it easy, there is also a peaceful mode, where almost no enemies spawn. It's a good way to learn the mechanics, as it's way more forgiving if you are a bit slow. If you don't know how to play the game at first, at the main menu there's a button which redirects you to a youtube video, explaining some of the basic mechanics of the game. It's quite helpful. You'll get tips on how to make your defences as good as possible and how different defensive towers work.It has some performence issues (at least for me) when autosaving, where your screen freezes for the duration. It isn't that bad, its usually for less than a second. There isn't however a way to decrease graphics so you have to play with a lot of particles all the time. And it's a lot, because there has been a lot of attention to details, which I absolutely love.The soundtrack is cute and athmospheric. It makes this game even more cute than it already is. That, which the sometimes corky and sometimes sarcastic pop-ups when you lose a villager or at the splashart of the main menu, makes it a very cute product over all.I'd give this an 8/10. It's very cute, it shows potential. However, it is a bit repetitive as you cannot develop a lot with for example a tech-tree or something. It's more like when you can process your wood and stone, you can basically build everything, which makes it somewhat less exciting rather quick. Yet it's a good game to kill some time with. You'll fall in love with the cuteness!"
,Recommended,328080,20981093,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,The DucK,"Retro Pixel Castles, High Potential.This game is perfect for a relaxed or rainy day. This is a peacful Pixely Wonderland that only you can carve by forcing villagers to work for you and grow.The best thing I find about this game is the high replayability. Allready in its EARLY stages this game is beautiful. I would defilently recommend this game to ANYONE who likes tower defence or building games. This is the kind of game I would love to see finished in perfection. What I would find as a great addition to this game is the ability for more weather at the current moment.Like Snow,Or even a Meteor shower. But all-in-all this game is great and allways keeps you on your toes as the days progress the enemies also get harder to kill,you just never know when you will be attacked or when your next villager will die.I hope this game gets finished. 11/10"
,Recommended,328080,34448199,Posted: 23 August,all,Vhaine,"Great little city builder in the spirit of Dwarf Fortress and Populus.  The game is your basic town builder/tower defense.  Definately fun game that is very reasonably priced at the price point I got it ($5).  The dev is active and updates come at a regular pace.  After a slew of disappointments (gnomoria, town, etc) this was a refreshing departure from an ambitious genre that has so far completely failed to reproduce the glory that is Dwarf Fortress.The current state of the game is: casual distraction with interesting mechancis.  Solid implementation with no obvious bugs.  The framework is there and the game is worth a few evenings at it's very reasonable price point.  A solid buy for town builder fans and anyone willing to support any attempts at graphically reproducing the magic that is DF."
76561197977977830,Recommended,328080,31724177,Posted: 13 May,all,Order Dave,"If you like city builders, this is a really good game to pick up.  Good level of detail, depth of economy, and scale of dificulty.  A lot of the choices you make in the game will greatly affect on if you will survive or if the horde of zombies will wipe you out.  There's a great level of support as well, I've followed this game's production for quite a while now.  Totally worth it.  If you've even been half curious about this game, get it.Stop reading, and buy this game.  You won't regret it.You didn't need that money right now anyway, but you do need this game.The villagers want you to have this game.  Go help them out!"
76561198035350471,Recommended,328080,31192145,Posted: 16 April,all,thunderpnoy,"I love this game for the music and the fact that you have godlike spells to assist your villagers with. It can be a challenge at first, but once you get the hang of it, it's quite fun to play with all the various maps. Learning to prioritize your buildings and harvesting and making sure you're ready for the next season ensures that you're staying on top of everything.My only complaints would be the set number of maps (a random map generator would be interesting) and my game seems to slow significantly when I hit around 120 people, but that's more likely due to my computer. I'd love to see more variety, like  more elementals, friendly/neutral mobs, more map objectives (like treasure), and some sort of light defender position for villagers (not as hardcore as a knight, but maybe something like a watchman that would be supported by a sentry tower and supplied with tools/weapons)."
,Recommended,328080,34778700,Posted: 6 September,all,<{FB}>Akdar,"This has been a blast.  Especially for the low cost it was worth it.  Like it says, it is a combination village builder and tower defense.  If you liked Banished but got bored becuase it felt a bit too static, this would be a good one for you to try.  And even though it is early access, don't let that scare you away.  The game is functional, seems balanced at this point, and plays well.  The true sign is like any good game, I keep finding myself going ""well, I just want to build this one thing before quitting"" and playing too long."
,Recommended,328080,24406637,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,twitch.tv/LANiD,"7/19/2016 - They're still planning on adding new things to the game, like inventories.  So if this isn't updated by the time that's added disregard or remind me to update this review!!!In it's current state I'd say yes the game is worth it.  For $10 you can go see a movie that you will enjoy for less time.  Having said that the game starts getting boring after you've built your crystillery.Suggestions for dev (not sure if this is the best place):- Chill out and take a step back from the crafting system and adding all that in.  You gotta work on some basics before forging ahead with the crafting system and additional rare resources.  Below are just a few problems that could easily be fixed:- Make controlling the builders queue easier - i.e. allow us to reassign or side-track a worker to a specific task by right clicking on the target (a right click for a building being built will automatically assign them to work on it, etc, but only if they're already a builder or whatever task is associated with the object you clicked on).  This would save so many villagers, and give me more control to survive...  from there if it becomes too easy it would just be a matter of adjusting monster values I would think.- Fix the worker pathing alrogithms because currently I cannot create a zig-zag fortress entryway of Tower Defense without my workers being unable to service my towers.  UPDATE**** this appears to be an unintentional side effect of walls not having any influence.  If you wall your structures (towers) into a tunnel before they are built your workers will forget about them because they fall outside of your zone of influence, which is dumb because obviously they ARE within your zone, but your walls are lifeless, zoneless blocks of zombie blocking goodness.  That was confusing.  I think I need to go see a therapist now.- Allow workers to alter terrain in a more advanced town.  Getting sick of having to build around mud pits, bah!- When you instruct a worker to DESTROY a resource... shouldn't that resource fall to the ground anyway instead of disappearing?Big ideas:- Expand the magic side of the game (how it's used, collected, saved, etc).   Allow for someone to differentiate a town to specialize in magic or non-magic.  Tired of waiting around for my influence bar to recharge just to get more essence to throw just a few more fireballs.."
76561198033914396,Recommended,328080,21976277,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Gnu,Interesting early acess. The developer seems to be very active and keep adding updates frequently. This game has great potential.
,Recommended,328080,34093420,Posted: 7 August,all,Super Midgie,"I have played many a time management/city builder type of game. None of them can keep my interest for any length of time. This game, however, does. Consistantly. And its still in early development. That is HUGE and I want to give my thanks to the developer for creating such a great game."
76561197970715615,Recommended,328080,31041869,Posted: 9 April,all,DreamThorn,"Even in this early stage this game is already a lot of fun, and the developer is regularly adding more new features.This game is a blend of town management and tower defense.  It can be difficult at first, but it is very rewarding to master.I also love the music, the pixel art and the wide variety of little ""easter eggs""."
76561198009667824,Recommended,328080,31181901,Posted: 16 April,all,aceprime_4,"After buying this game, it would crash to the desktop whenever I tried to play it.After talking with the Developer, Via Forum post. They were able to help me figure out the issue and now I can play this game, and I look forward to playing it.Thank you DEV team, Not many Developers take the time to help out the people that buy and enjoy the games that they make."
76561198039506974,Not Recommended,328080,29621350,Posted: 31 January,all,ChanSama,"Tedious. It's nothing like Dwarf Fortress as it claims to be inspired upon. You cannot build freely. Buildings are preset, nothing creative at all. It is a low-budget version of Banished or a slow-paced tower defense. Not recommended at all.In reply to @Versionbest:The developer explained the limitations very well. I bought this game hoping it can be a roguelike type of village management like Dwarf Fortress, but it turned out to be more of a tower defense RTS at the current state. You build a village - attract monsters - defend and expand the village. That's about it.I like that the player is sort of a god / guardian to the people. You can drag&drop villagers and critters around, and cast a limited selection of magic in the game. This reminds me of older games like Black & White. However, I feel the current game lacks an objective. I like that they changed the name to Rise to Ruins, which is literally the objective of RL games like Rimworld or Dwarf Fortress, but this game currently is pretty much just about expanding and defending a village. Every run of the game is pretty much the same so it gets boring quickly once you have tried all of the buildings."
,Recommended,328080,13809553,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,SuperKai64,"This game is in early stages of development, and has a few issues that you may or may not notice but if you bought an early access game and expected a fully functioning game leave now, this game is far from complete and thats why its so good, the community on the website is greathttp://retropixelcastles.com/index.php?/indexupdates are frequent. What makes this game unique are things that differ from your normal top down village manager, yes there may be the most generic mob know to man but they are used in such a way that makes you think twice before settling.9/10 has great potential, worth buying/keeping an eye on :)"
76561198301710266,Recommended,328080,23245237,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,SiamIAm!,Excellent gameplay with great pixelated graphics. Only suffers from lack of a good tutorial on certain areas of the game. Have yet to run into any game destroying bugs yet. 9/10
,Recommended,328080,15671381,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,SorryEh,"10/10, would give free copy away.(9IT4Q-QB4GE-MW5NQ)"
76561198015700141,Recommended,328080,30713687,Posted: 24 March,all,TallShipSailor,Just played 15.8 hours! might as well had a part time job for the past two days after my full time job.. LolBut lets be honest. this game was released awhile ago and I just bought it two days ago.. huge patch droped same day. It hooked me. you work hard to keep your people alive and thrive.... oops just learned lake can run out of water.... everyone died..closest lake blocked by 150 zombies... welp 10 hours wasted ^_^...... doom world ....restart
,Not Recommended,328080,15811813,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Edit (2/17): Review is quite outdated. A lot of dev work has happened. At this point, I have no intention of revisiting the game, but I did spend the time originally to play and review, so my review stands. Such can be a consequence of long development cycles, and releasing software early.---I *love* citybuilders and population managers. I thinkGnomoriaandBanishedare two of my most played games on Steam with about 60 and 30 hours respectively. I put about 40 hours intoDwarf Fortress, and quite enjoyed it. WhileRPCdesperately wants to be like these titles, it is very far off - in a bad way.First thing everybody should know is that there is no below-ground mining.Your world consists of a small-ish 'asteroid' that is one layer of ground thick, floating in space. There are frequent areas of the map that are just 'holes' where you can see the space behind the one-layer thick ground. I am certain that this strange mechanism is a result of limited money/resources/programming ability (idk), and was not intended.The allure of the games cited as inspiration (listed in first paragraph) was largely because you could take 'stuff' out of the ground and organize it above ground! When you take that away, I am significantly less interested.You cannot rotate buildings because it would take too much effort to redraw the images.I get it - prioritize developement, but this is something very basic that needs to be mentioned. It further hints at where this game is going. I would imagine these images could be done in a long weekend, am I right? I am not trying to be harsh, but potential buyers need to be aware of these things.These are the main two issues I have but there are a myriad of others such as map and individual person custimazation that I will not go into fully.There are also very few buildings at this point.Otherwise the music is quite good, and the artwork is pretty cool.This game probably was released on Early Accessa bit too early.I got it for half price, and am fine with it because I want to try any and all citybuilders/population managers.To my Steam friends: if you haven't playedGnomoriaorBanishedyet, go for those!If you are like me and have exhausted those, this *might* quench your thirst for a bit.I don't believe any of the issues I put forth will be resolved (I mean its one guy working on this), but if they are, I will alter my review. Thanks for reading,-Ryan"
,Recommended,328080,20974375,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Daleth,"- Opens game- Creates a new world- imports all citizens from world map- succesfully survives without making a single death.- Finally finishes final cabin- Zombie makes it past defences- Sends all villagers to their homes- Zombie follows them- Uses god powers to summon a fireball onto the zombie at the houses- Destroys all houses and all citizens- Closes save and goes back to world map to make a new start- Realizes that no villagers were ever sent back to the world map- Finally realizes that he commited genocide.- Flips out 20 minutes after destroying an entire race.- Starts a new world map and imports all citizens into a single save again11 out of a possible 5, would commit genocide again."
76561198000559704,Recommended,328080,32885745,Posted: 27 June,all,Nick,"Really good city-builder! More than anything I really appreciate the several difficulty levels, this is definitely the kind of game that could just be brutally difficult (and I'm sure it's fun that way if you like that kind of game), but I like my games more chill than that.  And Traditional is perfect for that."
76561197970796613,Recommended,328080,25910090,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Eiskalt,Great little survival builder.The ingame contend is still quite limited (it needs more lategame stuff) but there are regular updates.The game is fun and works very well so far. Try it ;)
,Recommended,328080,33066866,Posted: 30 June,all,Bendigeidfran,"Rise to Ruins is a fantastic game (if incredibly difficult for scrubs like me) I highly recommend it to people who enjoy games like Dwarf Fortress and Rimworld as it combines elements of these with elements of tower defense with colony survival mechanics. Very deep, and very nice to look at if you enjoy clean pixel art."
41289712480942108,Recommended,328080,33166455,Posted: 2 July,all,StrokingMelons,"very fun to pass the time, enjoyable game"
76561198053217199,Recommended,328080,33527584,Posted: 13 July,all,rickd326,"Tower Defense? CheckTown Builder? CheckProduction Suppy Chain Management? CheckGodlike? CheckSurvival? CheckAll of my favorite genres rolled up into one incredible game. A slight learning curve because there is no wiki, but If you are interested in just 2 out of the 5 genres I named, BUY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,328080,23141518,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Forged,This game is amazing and is because of the fact that it is unique game in my opinion that i have never come across. It has some great systems that could still use a little work but are still fun to mess around with. It has the try and try again factor which i love about this game.I also half hate and enjoy the constant death which appears on the screen if your doing terribly. I recommend this game to anyone who feels like buying it.
,Recommended,328080,23193140,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,akward_hero,"I really like this game, it is heavy on the CPU, which prevents me from getting more than 8 fps (sits at around 2-4 fps) so it can be a bit frustrating when you start to get into it, but the system is well thought out.  If you don't mind a bit of choppiness or you have a CPU that can handle the bajillion AIs, I recommend this game for all."
76561198057474421,Recommended,328080,34563144,Posted: 28 August,all,zerodivide32,"Who would have thought that a game that can't be won would be so much fun!* Developer has been consistently active for the entire length of time I've owned this. If a release has any negative effects(performance/crash), they are resolved very quickly. ..and to that point, 200+ hours and only 2 crashes(nothing recent).* Developer is active on his forum and typically responds to every thread - even if a duplicate suggestion! This is how EA was meant to be...* The game itself is unique - city builder+tower defense+god sim wrapped in pixels and it works very well!* ""This isn't ActRaiser"" :)"
76561198131718703,Recommended,328080,25845720,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,AlexVsCoding,"So I picked up RPC a couple of days ago, having kept an eye on it several years back on TIGSource, and I have to say that this game is one of the best I've played in a long long time. Combining my two favourite genres, TD and RTS with a pinch of Roller Coaster Tycoon, I have so far had an absolute blast.The game starts you on an island world map with the choice of your settling point - You can even go in and look at the maps first before setting up. Once you do that, you've got to balance the livelihoods of your population whilst being besieged by armies of monsters. You begin by gathering the basics - Food and Wood, but over time becoming accustomed with a diverse collection of structures and materials. Production lines form, your civilisation grows, squeezing in between valleys and digging into the safety of bedrock, rather than risking expanding outwards. In turn, beyond your bastions, holes open in the ground in increasing number as more enemies spill onto the map, slowly colouring the minimap red.The gameplay remains perfectly in flow with a fluctuating day/night cycle and on top of which 4 seasons that constantly mix up gameplay with various weather and effects on your settlement. You really have to stock up for winter (And the first year I massively over prepared, but better safe than sorry!) HINT - MAKE AS MANY FARMS AS YOU CAN - 28 farmers was a sustainable number for me (Whilst enriching wild food collections at the same time!).Most tower defences suffer from the same issue over time that they become tedious as you perfect your strategy. The twist that has hooked me for RPC is you have the option to send units to ""limbo"", essentially a menu screen where you can dish out your settlers to a variety of different lands on the map. I spent an hour just surveying the various maps and looking for potential choke points, weighing up the different collections of resources in each area, hesitant to send my villagers to certain doom after such a firm foothold on my first settlement.To add to this, I found myself grappling with the dilemmas of logging regulation (Do I flatten the forest to supplement my bow towers with arrows, but deal with the long grow back time and pathways destroying the treeline opened up) and I found myself picking single people to inhabit my future settlement to avoid breaking up my many many married couples (170 villagers so far!)Another fantastic mechanic is the line of sight for defences - Punishing players who box themselves in by preventing them from expanding beyond their walls. There were many times where I'd tear down a couple of the inner walls to frantically assemble some lines of trenches further forwards whilst fighting off hordes of monsters then patch my defences back up before nightfall. It puts a lot more risk in expansion and forces you to avoid greediness.The game has such depth that I've sunk over half a day into the Retro Pixel Castles over the weekend.It's just such a good game! I can't put it any simpler than that, haven't felt so transfixed about a strategy game since I discovered Age of Empires 2.Admittedly, the lack of a built in tutorial is something that could do with addressing, but obviously with Early Access I'm sure it's something that'll come about in time. The video that was linked in the game did provide me with enough information to get started with, so thank you for providing that. Having said this, discovering the functions of the game over time has been quite satisfying in itself - I'm still unlocking the mysteries of essence!It's a bit of a far fetched request (Especially with the number of units and stuff going on at once, but I would adore a co-op mode for this.Either way, amazing work, and I look forward to any approaching updates for the project."
,Recommended,328080,34364160,Posted: 19 August,all,jedders136,"It's pretty addicting but it's very hard to tell monsters from villagers and even with a magnifier, I struggle to tell the difference. An option to locate attacks would be awesome."
,Recommended,328080,18911081,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,admira,"A simple, but enjoyable game. It's still in need of a lot of improvements, but that's to be expected when playing early access. So far, I've been impressed by the improvment in the game mechanics and the vision that the developers have showed us for the future.Although the shift to the world map might seem trivial to a lot of people, I've found it to be quite interesting. The developers seem to be heading in a good direction with the game, and prioritize actual mechanics over pretty graphics (the exception being the the current graphic overhaul that's underway, which *is* a priority if they want to use a different resolution scale for the new buildings).I have high hopes for this game in the future."
,Recommended,328080,31656267,Posted: 9 May,all,Derpalope,I would recommend this game for those who loove survival and sandbox games. This game can either be challenging or be peaceful depending on what you choose. Also for those with a creative side in them you can screw with the sandbox mode or even make your own map to play on and screw around. The creator has put time and hard work into the game and you can tell when you play the game. I play the unstable version to screw around and yet I have never crashed.
76561198025891701,Recommended,328080,32030413,Posted: 28 May,all,Blastmetal,"Love this game a lot it has some realy nice genre's mixed in the gameplay, seeing elements like those found in Dwarf Fortress and even influences from Populous. Good godgame empire builder.Only thing i noticed after playing for extended periods building up my village to almost half the size of the chosen map that the game starts dropping that FPS like an Atombomb.But besides that this game is worth the money in every penny."
76561198070373204,Recommended,328080,24667652,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,rampantbacon,"Bought the game when it was on sale, and don't regret spending a bit of cash on it. Why? Because-> start the game-> wonder wtf is this-> play for a bit without help from any guides-> realize i done f*cked up when monsters showed up-> instantly reset the world-> new try-> rinse and repeat about 5 times-> look at guide-> rematch b*tches-> realize i f*ucked it up again-> village destoryed because of a nearby graveyard spawn-> keep trying because it's fun10/10 would f*ck it up again and reset the world"
76561198025384921,Recommended,328080,25086794,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Argothin,"Been playing this for long enough that I can reccomend it just as-is, regardless of Early Access status and future development. That said, development's looking good so far.It's a city builder with some tower defence elements that can actually be fairly challenging without being unbeatable. I currently have a map that will soon be completely free of monsters due to the village spreading that far.If you think you'll like this game from looking at and reading about it, then it's definitely worth the $10."
,Recommended,328080,33359298,Posted: 7 July,all,I666NoB666I,"I fully enjoy this game.  It is very relaxing.  I like to pull out some graph paper and prepare my village before playing.  There is ample time to just sit back and drink a beer while seeing the fruit of your labor.  I would say this is a mix between act raiser 1 on SNES, Dwarf Fortress, and Desktop Tower Defense."
,Recommended,328080,22134416,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Killafunk,"I play a lot of simulation and world building games. This is one of my favorites. On peaceful you can just relax and play.. On survival you'll want to murder your computer. I love that about this game. I love the godlike powers and the attachment you'll develop for your little pixle people. It is in development, but from what I've seen it has plenty of potential and is well worth the money spent. As long as development continues. BTW, if you can handle bugginess, I'd suggest the unstable mode. It is a bit buggy but it is little enough that it is worth trying it out at the least.I like the game and would definitely recommend."
,Recommended,328080,32231700,Posted: 6 June,all,SansFilet,"Awesome game, awesome developer, awesome replayability. New content all the time too so it's hard not to recommend Rise to Ruins to all fans of the genre."
,Recommended,328080,28480977,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,MatteCrystal,"Great game, developers seems committed and continually improves the product. I expect big things from this title not only because of the idea of the game but also the proof of the developers perfectionist like nature through various updates."
76561198162141410,Recommended,328080,32379454,Posted: 12 June,all,lucasisdabomb2,"Seems good to me, but the resource curve is too damn high... plus, how to avoid starvation?"
76561198100082364,Recommended,328080,26479796,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,ViolatedRobot,"Really cool game. I got this a few weeks after it launched and have come back to it now that I upgraded from my old laptop. The game is very challenging and you have to really think about resource management as well as how best to defend your base. After a couple of day/night cycles I always become overwhelmed by enemies and have to restart, which is part of the lure of the game. Art style is symplistic, which I love and the updates are very frequent from the dev. 10/10 would reccomend"
,Recommended,328080,25789442,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,ÖBÖMA MCLÖMA,"Day 30, first successfull game with 65 population review.The first couple times you play through, even if you watched a tutorial video, You will probably end up dieing to monsters like i did.I went in with what i thought was enough farms, and i still believe it was enough at the time. and walling myself off relatively fast with those wooden walls. Trying to create a focal tunnel for the enemies to path through using bow towers to attack. By day 5 i have lost too many villagers for the upkeep of progressing and deemed the save, a failure.It was a good 1st game learning curve. I realized that this was no simple village simulator game and that it was actually pretty hard. I thought i was helping out with my god powers when i probably wasn't doing much at all. the tutorial video said you will start by needing tons of wood, so i put 6 workers to it which i don't recommend, Maybe 0 or 1 to start off with ;)Eventually i got past the hurdle on the 3rd game, when i decided not to build wood walls, but stone walls. And not allocate any specific people to specific jobs until i had a suitable defence built.That is when i was able to slowly build things up, build every building and learn the rest of the game.As of this early access review, I can't wait to see what comes in the upcoming castle updates to further my thoughts on this  great game."
76561198045180919,Recommended,328080,24539150,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Sgt. MacArthur [1st RB],"This game has great potential, the only problem is that the developer takes way too long to come out with new updates. I played this game for about a week and had a great time. This is definitely worth it for only being $5."
,Recommended,328080,25419871,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Vinrafel,"Gameplay Video:https://youtu.be/WoHgbg_eCK4Retro-Pixel Castles is a great game that's being created by great developers.In the game you have to manage a colony of people as you fight against evil zombies and creatures of the night that are trying to end your colony. You assign jobs, build buildings, and have god powers to control some things. It's just a great god game.The game is hard, but doable. The devs have made clear that they want the game to be difficult, so do keep that in mind if you're looking to pick it up. Your main issue will be making enough food for your people to survive the off seasons.The aesthetics are simple, but quite enjoyable. Everything is easy to differentiate and keep to a pretty consistent standard. The music (which is most of the games audio) is mostly good. I find that some of the tracks are annoyingly happy, feeling out of place in a difficult game, but it's never too bad.The devs are great. They have made consistent updates for the entirety of the time that I've had the game. They take the communities recommendations into account and are really making great and significant changes to the game.Overall, I can't really say much that's bad about the game except the difficulty. It's still in early access, but the game is consistently worked on and it's only getting better. This is a game that you should check out.P.S.In addition to my above video, I made a video WAY back about a year ago. If you're interested in seeing how much its changed, you can check out the older video here:https://youtu.be/mtRjppr_B9k"
76561198081029277,Recommended,328080,29922293,Posted: 14 February,all,Frostie McSnowcone,"The game is very good and could be feasably released as it is. I see many people comparing it to Banished - which is a fair comparison. However, in my opinion, this game has already overtaken Banished with its mechanics. Banished was released and forgotten by its developer, has no end game and no requirement to expand unless you want to go until your village collapses in on itself (though I do like the game very much and you'll probably enjoy it if you enjoy this). This game also has no end game, but it recieves updates, tweaks and there is a rapid difficulty curve with the incoming mobs that forces you to expand.Something else I've noted in the negative reviews is that NPCs fail to pick up items on the ground - which is not true. They do not pick it up immediately, but they will do so when an NPC of the appropriate job comes along and is empty handed. NPCs also do not ""cross the village"" to attack mobs on a regular basis. Some wil break off from their job when nearby a mob or fight - potentially to fight or run. In general, there is no major issue with the AI, assuming you have everything needed for it to function. The most notable frustration is that when they are attack in the middle of a task they will drop their item to fight or run. Once they calm, they are confused and it's hit or miss as to whether they'll continue their job or start again. You may want to use your Godly powers to aid them.Pros:Nice musicFunctioning AIUpgrade systemNPC progression systemSmoothe gameplayAbility to move desirable resources to another worldGodlike abilitiesExisting difficulty curveCons:Difficulty curve is very steepLack of a variety of buildingsLack of a great variety of resources to handleEasy to get mobbed by the exponential increase in monstersCannot rotate buildingsTents take up a 3x3 space when they're more suited to 2x2 <- surprisingly frustrating to meCan take a long time to rack up your numbers of boards and cut stones when the buildings are first built. They appeared to make them much faster when I didn't need them despite having logs and lumberjack shack available."
,Recommended,328080,13929702,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Choconuts5414,*Enters game* *Tries to figure out how to make more villagers* *A child is born* *Tears of joy* *He gets brutally eaten by zombies while the rest of the villagers are gathering wood and collecting stone*
76561198068718467,Recommended,328080,30069841,Posted: 20 February,all,electricbuzz,"the game is interesting, im still learning new things after playing more than 100 hours. There are certain ways to set up your walls and towers so that you can survive longer than 50 days +. Learning these tricks and avoiding to many item's/materials/resources laying around on the game is key to having a non laggy long surviving map"
76561198075263001,Recommended,328080,29830480,Posted: 10 February,all,evolvepeace,"I understand how this game is not for everyone, but I am simply in love with it and wish to give the developers my most sincere thanks! There are definite kinks that need to be worked out (not to say this is unplayable; far from it), but, by the amount of time the creators of this game are putting into adding conent and fixing bugs, I am sure this is a game I will keep coming back to. If you enjoy games like Black & White, Populus, or any other casual (yet simultaneously challenging) civilization-creating games, I'm sure this will be a sheer joy for you to spend time with, as it has been for me. Based simply on the amount of work that's been put into improving the games since I (admittedly, very recently) purchased it, I am thrilled to have found it and hope to see it thrive. Many thanks to the developers. Keep up the fantastic work!"
,Recommended,328080,29641831,Posted: 1 February,all,tieio,"So my first impression was a little Black & White with retro graphics, it has all the feel and immersion of B&W in the best way. This is a Dev who cares a LOT about his game and replies quickly and jumps on bugs faster than the bugs can scurry away. I can't recommend this enough to people who like a challenging game with building, survival, God game and resource gathering elements."
,Recommended,328080,12734023,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Ex3cUtIoN11 **MEDIC**,"This game many fun. Is liek Mincraft but so many more features like a the game goes to nighttime after it is daytime for so long. and you have to get things like wood and stone unlike minecraft were you just punch things. this gaem is super realistic. it has features like blood and water but its not just blood. like it spreads its cool..Congratulations, you read what it would look like if a 12 year old wrote a review for this game. I will now enlighten you with my actual review. For the record, this is build 10-31-2014. Currently this game is very limited in the features. Before you ever start a game it lets you know that there is just the core game to play with a few things added. You have some maps to pick between, some of them are test maps which narrows down the ""usuable"" maps even further. When you start, you get 24 villagers and have to build your village center. To do this, you must collect wood and stone from nearby sources. Once the village center is completed you gain access to more buildings; however, this too is extremely limited. You can build storage for food, wood, and stone. There are three different sizes of houses you can build, two sizes of farms, torches for light and walls.  Walls currently serve no purpose other than to look cool and to really make that retro looking pixelated castle feel that you wanted when you bought this game.  The villagers will marry and have children which causes the need for more food and shelter. This may feel slow and boring but once you start getting around 90-100 villagers it becomes more demanding. I managed to get over 410 villagers but due to lag and food shortages, the best i could do was simply let people start dying. Despite the numerous deaths, the villagers, or vermin, were breeding out of control and continually increased in numbers until my game crashed-- it is early access after all. Currently the game simulated building a colony and watching them thrive or spew blood across the canvas as they starve to death due to your incompetence as a pathetic god figure.  Either way, this game is already fun in its current state and if what they already have announced as future plans are promises and not just ideas that are never implemented, this game will only ever get better and I anticipate its official launch.  All I ask is that saves are added so my vermin(oops, I mean, people) infested islands can be saved before the villagers feel the wrath of torment of not only being starved to death in the midst of a famine, but instead, the excruciating pain of being.... deleted."
,Recommended,328080,24995914,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Merthykins,"Incredibly fun simulation game! I'd love to see more buildings and procedurally generated maps, but being an early access game, I'm sure there're things in the works. Definitely recommend this game for anyone who's into this type of thing."
,Recommended,328080,24794403,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,sammysticks,"This game is very complete for an early access game. I have been very pleasantly surprised how much is in it, and the update that came last night was very impressive. It shows the developer is still very involved in making this game better. At this price, dollar for dollar, I don't know that any similar games are giving me as much value.Pros:- tons a replayability- lots of different strategies for winning- perfectly difficult; I feel like I can win, but the game keeps me literally on the edge- no bugs so far in 40 hours of gameplayCons:- obviously it's EA, so I'll have to have some patience for the final product- I've had to Google a handful of things that weren't clear- can't cancel a command to dismantle a building, if I misclick; developer says it's coming"
76561198082622857,Recommended,328080,24719690,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,narmophin,"As an EA game goes, this one is probably the best case scenario. The dev, Ray, is very active with his burgeoning community, and very active in creating updates, be that new content or bug fixes or optimizations. Activity is great, but it seems like he has a giant whiteboard filled with circles and arrows and charts and scribbles--I'm imagining a mad scientist--and he's following that haphazard genius plan to create his dream game, for surely that's what RPC is for him. Even so, he actively listens to his community to tweak mechanics, stats, and so forth, or even introduce entirely new ideas.I can't get enough of this game, simply because I want it to be fully completed with all the depth and craziness it will surely have in the end.Even now, hours of play under my belt, when I think I know what I'm about, I start a new map and suddenly can't seem to quell the hordes of zombies and skeletons. Because it's EA, RPC can run out of content, but that drop has steadily become smaller and smaller in the few months I've been watching and playing this game. The game, nonetheless, possesses a level of challenge that can still be surprising, even in its very unfinished state.Hop on this train! It's going to be a good ride."
76561198001329517,Recommended,328080,20124659,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,supoman,"What a great game! It is playable right now but there isnt much challenge once the initial learning curve is done.So many features seem to be almost ready to implement and there is a definite plan, its a nice way to spend a few hours frantically building walls.To the Dev:Keep it up :) and maybe think about making stone walls cheaper or stone mason yards biggerBuy it now!"
76561198061032562,Recommended,328080,20775010,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Count_Joshoo,"If you have found this game and are curious it's absolutely worth the price.  It's quirky and has some odd design choices (no time control, no hot keys) that may be yet to come.  It's a neat game and I plan on playing it for many more hours even as I reach the limits of the game as it is.  Well done Dev!  You have something unique and awesome brewing here."
76561197989383204,Recommended,328080,32750381,Posted: 24 June,all,Xira,If I could order and click while paused I would marry this game...
,Recommended,328080,32746538,Posted: 24 June,all,flack,Lovely little game with superb soundtrack.
76561198009035058,Recommended,328080,32905051,Posted: 27 June,all,Jesus Christ,"Bought this game on a whim.. sat down intending on a quick play to see if i made a good decision... hours later, goodbye sleep!  Would go to work in a zombie state again!  A+"
76561198058769619,Recommended,328080,25918263,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Xilo,"Fun little game with tons of potential and a really active dev.Edit- I really cant recommend this game enough.The dev is really really active in the community. I posted something on the steam forums about low FPS towards ""endgame"" and within two mins Rayvolution himself responded and was genuinely concrened about my issues. Sent him my specs and within seconds he responded that he would take a look and make sure it wasnt anything on his end."
76561198013055491,Recommended,328080,33091240,Posted: 1 July,all,Konscience,"At the time I'm writing this:(July 2017)The game feel great, it make me want to play further (after 10ish hours of gameplay), I may complete this review later as the game devellopment progress.The graphisms are phenomenal for a retro pixel art style, every building have its own animation when raining, have several state of completion in construction as in destruction, as well as different states of use and upgrades, meaning several dozen of sprites for the same building.I do feel that quality is a big deal to the 1-man devellopment studio that is SixtyGigs Games.The gameplay is a blend of city builder/colony survival and God games, if you want references, I think the game is inspired from the first Black&White from LionHead Studio, wich is my favorite God game.My favorite part is the god powers, being able to interract with the world in real time by your own hand or via magic powers, doesn't feel broken of overpowered, but just fine as it is implemented.For the moment the ""defense"" aspect of the game is heavily reliant on the ""tower defense"" type, but next update will provide the possibility to have patrol of armed citizen, I'm really looking forward to this.The music soundtrack is great and as the devellopment progress SFX caused by gameplay element are becoming more and more complete and immersive.I don't like much making a list of pro and con, especially in a game that please me, so I'll just underline the major positive and negative point.Positive one:The gameplay doesn't feel limited, it's not the kind of game where once you build every building you feel as if you played the whole game.That's the kind of game that make you think, think about how to play more efficiently, and not necessarily in an unique fashion: you can devellop your own way of playing, and don't have to adopt ""One uber-way of doing things"" that would soon be written down in a guide, that every lazy people would then apply all along in the game.If you want examples of what I'm tring to put in word: You have a lack of food, you have several way to resolve the situation: You can either assign more workers to the farm, build a more efficient farm that need less workers, you can use your powers to make the naturals fields of whatever you're growing, or you can even gather the food yourself with your own divine hand. And thoses choices apply for everything: wood/ water/stone/crystals ressources, defense against enemies, health care etc...Negative one:I do think the ""tower defense"" aspect to be a bit limiting as way of defence and also breaking realism.Not in a very bad way tho, tower defense in this game is fun, but while your villagers can defend themselves to a certain extend against sparse monsters, after some days it's no longer a viable way at all, and you need to place towers and make a labyrinth out of walls to be able to survive (there are several level of difficulties mind you, so there may be a sweet spot between the tower-defense and the totally peacefull mode.)BUT:Next update will provide the ability to create patrols, sparring between citizen, watchtowers, and guard houses for them and their equipement, so it may become a viable way to defend your town the dwarf-fortress way (with your own citizens, trained for combat).I'm really eager to see what the next update will bring, as this game really feel promising!And, please forgive my broken engrish, I'm french, and curently trying hard to improve my english."
76561198089779315,Recommended,328080,25909957,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,DaddyFog,"I love this game so far! A little bit confusing at first but the tutuorial video is great. Could use some menu redesign, its a bit hard to get out of the game, too many ""go to main menu""s, but it's an amazing game."
76561198258011775,Recommended,328080,33331679,Posted: 6 July,all,robertjbowers,all the advice i have for you is git gud and get ice sprayers they wreck everything
,Recommended,328080,21564518,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,eka,Great Success! Great Fun!
76561198013474409,Recommended,328080,32211592,Posted: 5 June,all,macfire19,"Let's see... this game is hard to categorize but I think the best way to name it is a godlike village simulator.  The way the game works is you are a god and you place down a camp with villagers and help them thrive by giving them orders to build/harvest.  You must also defend your village from monsters by building towers and making a maze (maze isn't required... but it helps a ton).  I really enjoy playing this game, and the developer is great and always makes great improvements to the game while listening to feedback.  With the most recent update (as of June third, 2017) you can now change the difficulty higher, or even make your own custom difficulty, which is really neat.  The game also includes a built-in map editor to make your own maps (steam workshop support planned for the future to introduce better map sharing).  All-in-all this is a really fun game, and well worth the price tag."
76561197968656725,Recommended,328080,32560706,Posted: 19 June,all,Reeps,Mad addicitive. Rimworld meets tower defence. Well worth the $
76561198002745943,Recommended,328080,32490153,Posted: 16 June,all,NF_Spasp,"Fantastic ""little"" village survival game. The developer steadily brings out updates with brand new content, with a massive ""defence"" patch (2nd June 2017), allowing upgrades of defence positions, in addition to all the other upgradeable buildings.The visuals are crisp and satisfying to look at, with everything from colors and shape of everything falling properly into place, and several varieties of every tile-set, apart from water. There is a world map where you can choose any map to visit to look at this variation; blue forests to ashen sands, and marble mountains to blackstone.After choosing a map on the world screen, you start off the game on an uninhabited map, prompting you to place your village center where you want it to be. Taking a close look at the map for a minute or two can make things much harder or easier depending on location. Shortly afterwards you start to notice the myriads of buildings at your disposal, and work you have to do in order to survive; it might be overwhelming at first, but it really is quite simple once you get going:- Select resources for collection.- Build stuff you need: Collection buildings for wood/stone etc, production, defences, refining, etc etc.- Don't die!- Repeat.You cannot control villagers directly, however. They will do the jobs that are given to them via the resources you select and the job list UI on the left side of the screen. This is somewhat a weak point, as the control you have is extremely low. I would like to have something of a flag system; where you can place flags at certain locations that works like additional orders to your villagers. Like flags for avoiding areas, prioritizing resource collection at a certain area so you don't have to reassign those orders all the time. or even attacking an area. The Avoid Area flag would be great, as villager AI is very bad when they fight monsters, often dying for no reason when they could run away into their houses to heal. The AI is the game's biggest weakness, but really is not a big issue.The gameplay is affected by several factors. Weather and seasons play a huge role. If it's windy and rainy, your villagers gets slowed down significantly. It does not rain in the winter and nothing grows, and in the summer villagers drink more water and heat up frequently. It's a lot to take into consideration. Luckily, you have several spells to use! Your spell points regenerate over time and from particles floating around the map after something has died, and can be spent to cast storms, picking things up, quickly growing nature stuff, healing and more. Be careful where you cast that fireball though!You are probably gonna fail spectacularly the first times around, unless you picked the easiest difficulties at the world screen.  Either way it's a good time, and really satisfying to build your favorite village. The game is very cheap for what you get for it, the replayability is immense, and increased by several magnitudes by the map editor and ability to share maps over the workshop. Enjoy!"
76561198102783154,Recommended,328080,32530388,Posted: 18 June,all,Spingitore,"This is a little wonderful hidden gem.A brillant work form a single developer. The graphic is simple, but perfectly funcional, the gameplay is great.If you like colony building, management and tower defense you can't skip this.Final note: I would have never said it is early access if I didn't knew in advance."
,Recommended,328080,33487001,Posted: 12 July,all,Echo,Just started but really fun so far. Works smoothly and I have yet to see any bugs. Would recommend.
,Recommended,328080,31046527,Posted: 9 April,all,tama,"Okay so I have played 12 hours of this game. I say its a good game, in weird mixture of god game and tower defence though with limited towers which I dont mind since it is an early access game and they frequently update it.My major issue with this game is, once you hit the mark of 250+ villagers, god dang the fps just drops or freezes specially during the night time with the hoardes of zombies coming to the villages. And I couldn't do anything because of the lag. I mean the fps dropped even before 250 but it was still playable/managable so I was cool with that. But now it's got the point that even when i try to load the village it takes a long time and its kinda of unable now. Just really annoying.I have other minor issues:- The frozen water thing doesnt make sense, my villagers died of dehydration instead of starvation during winter. Like shouldnt you be able to get water from frozen lakes..? This one is dumb issue beause I guess I am trying to find logic in a game. idk you can ignore this one.- The sending resource/villagers to the Limbo influence points is a bit expensive. When you have a mass population and you want to reduce it but sending them to limbo quiet isn't too helpful since the points doesnt generated fast enough to compete with people moving in and birth rate.- The storages could do with a bit more space. I built 3 large storage, 3 nornal wood/stone storage and it still was enough. Considering they were taking the precious building slots.Hopefully they will balance out some of the things/"
,Recommended,328080,34378646,Posted: 20 August,all,Raven Snowfall,"Challenging, but not impossibly so. Lots of fun if you like these types of games! God powers, city building, a little bit of RTS and TD all rolled into one."
,Recommended,328080,34610827,Posted: 30 August,all,Nameru,"Really nice game! this game is really fun to play. It seems a little complicated at first, but it' easy to learn.Great atmosphere, caused by even better music!"
,Recommended,328080,34316626,Posted: 17 August,all,OnlyTwentyCharacters,An amazing and growing game that I'm sure everyone will love.
,Recommended,328080,34618305,Posted: 30 August,all,Janus,10/10 Game so far. I'd never rely on my villagers during a zombie apocalypse though.
76561197968506244,Recommended,328080,34948992,Posted: 14 September,all,Tim,"Pretty impressed so far. Despite using the very latest bleeding edge dev unstable release, I've only had one problem and that was performance wise (quite a lot on the screen admittedly). I Checked the forum and instantly found a fix that the dev had posted/ just literally released!  It amounted to an AI reset button in the UI. Reloaded to incorporate the updated downloaded, pushed the button and everything was fixed! So pretty damn good support I would say.It's pretty adictive already. I'm looking forward to a bit more later game stuff, although I must admit I've tended to play on the easier (I think) traditional game as opose to survival etc. You may find that your save game is no longer valid after some updates, which is understandable given it's early release status, but be aware!I find at the moment though it tends to stagnate a little bit when you have taken over most of the particular zone you start in. I suspect I am suposed to try it in  a harder mode. Maybe there could be more of a campaign mode or additional challenges, quests or some such to keep up the pace?All in all a bloody good game."
,Recommended,328080,23192406,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,TrixLion1,I like. You like too.BUY!
76561198122038992,Recommended,328080,15041636,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,hmarie132000,"It's a bit like a two dimensional version of Towns, only on this one, if you play on regular difficulty, you'll die in about 3 days.  I recommend it because it has a lot of potential, and it's fun right now.  Also, you can make your own levels.One problem is that the monster spawn rate is WAAAAy too high and the villagers take forever to reproduce and it takes them a long time to build defenses."
,Recommended,328080,15561228,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,DarkLord7854,"Awesome little game, especially if you love base building games and/or dwarf fortress.Currently does suffer a bit from performance issues when you get farther into a game"
76561198147473312,Recommended,328080,15817221,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,magnusoco,Great game but hard to master
76561198116886858,Recommended,328080,17877842,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,smoothsloth,"This game is beautiful both mechanically and aesthetically, but at this point it is just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ hard. As soon as you start getting your perfect setup of buildings, you start to get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I've only gotten to day 11, and thats with my last villager running with a couple hords gathered behind him. At about day 7, hordes of monsters will start to appear and there is no chance of survival. Its just depressing when you see them come in and hear the repeated sounds of slaughter. Even with three fire bolt towers constantly fueled at both of my entry points, monsters would still get through or just cause a massive heap of blood and flames that would consume anything that gets in it. It really sucks :( I know that its still in development, and I'm really excited for all of the stuff thats in the drawing board, but seriously this game becomes very frustrating at a certain point because there is nothing you can do about your villagers being brutally♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by the evil masses.Some suggestions:Building priority - some way to make sure that villagers will actually build the structures they set up. I've gotten very fed up with how they'll drop all the resources at the buliding, but then just forget about it even though its the only thing queued up to build. So a firebolt tower might be fully set with resources but won't actually be usable for a whole day or two because the villagers get distracted. Maybe make sure that as soon as the last one drops resources on the building, he starts to work on it.Specific land motivation - instead of just motivating the land in a general circle, maybe motivate certain resources. Its annoying having to either destroy or wait for my villagers to eventually chop down all the trees around small patches of food that I want to expand. If you try to expand without doing this, the forested area will just overrun the food, making it useless.Healing aura towers - monsters are quite overpowered and they outnumber your villagers easily. It'd be nice to have a slight but steady flow of health to them in certain areas. So you could set up a couple towers near the points of regular conflict and it would give them a little flow of health. This, or just making the healing aura more powerful would work. After about day 8 you need to drop a minimum of two healing auras to even make a dent in the damage that monsters do to your villagers. Thus using up a lot of your influence.Differentiating between friendlies and enemy health - maybe its just me, because i'm slightly colorblind, but I have a hard time telling the difference between the health bars when theres one of those massive heaps of blood and fire. It'd be cool if the health bars were drastically different in the color, or if a colorblind mode was added so you could have complementary colors, making them complete opposites.In conclusion, this game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. When you get that flow of essence to your cullis gate, essence collectors, and firebolt towers... it just feels and looks amazing because theres all this power cycling through the map. Its a great way to show how everything is being fueled and refueled. After a successful night without any casualties, you feel like you did your godly job well. But its hard to get that job done because the people you rule are morons. Nevertheless, I would definitely recommend getting this game just so you can master your setup and understand whats most important. That way, once the devs to add in more complicated mechanics, you'll have all the basics completely down. Otherwise you'll just be thrown in later on with a LOT to learn.9001/10 stars."
76561198005594540,Recommended,328080,31184244,Posted: 16 April,all,Nikoni,"In current version, I guess the troubles i encounter in survival mode is way too easy to cope with.I was able to manage my vilage very stable over hours, without any serious crisis in my first trial.maybe adding some more difficulties will make this game more challenging and worth play.but in general it's mostly fun to play."
76561198064916590,Recommended,328080,31264829,Posted: 20 April,all,FlerpyDerp,Love this game and all updates! Keep it up!
76561198019517834,Recommended,328080,14920737,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,rbdoallo,"Well after 1 week of torment I take the -50% offer for this game-This is a ''first impression''  comment.The game seems the base for a future epic sandbox-village survival-tower defense product.You are de the boss of 24+ villagers that have to collect and refine ressources in some extremely limited environment with random attacks from some ennemies (ZOMBIES! and others, I think it's just provisional, I will love to fight others villages) and you have access to some magic defenses.But now it's quite limited and you will have to learn on the march. And you will fail, it's just a matter of time and ressources, at some point it will be over. It's not a game to sit on your chair and see peacefully growing your village. Survival it's extremly harsh.No scenarios, no campaigns, 8 maps (map editor) and no soldiers, just one tower but it's seems the creator is puting an enormous effort on this to regulary update the game and to listen to some ideas.In this state it's just a 3 hours game. But it have a LOT of potential."
76561198196932218,Recommended,328080,31710638,Posted: 12 May,all,lennycarey17,"excellent game, hopefully the updates keep coming. Could use a speed button, more weapons, and many other things, theres so much room for expanding a game like this. good work"
,Recommended,328080,32403701,Posted: 13 June,all,mrcipolla,"Should you get it while it is on sale? Yes.Should you get it when it is not on sale? Yes.1. It is developed by one individual.2. This individual is the ideal developer, and is what all developers should aspire to be.3. That being said, it is extremely good. The art is great, I love the map system, it's not too easy or hard (depending), and it is ADDICTING.I'm only 3 hours in and I've only had a single village burn to the ground. Shooting for a second by 5 hours.4. The updates by this SINGLE developer seem to be more constant and plentiful than any other Early Access title I've played (I've played alot).5. They're all carrots, and that's okay."
76561197984395356,Recommended,328080,32941819,Posted: 28 June,all,Deathless,One of the most amazing games currently around.I usually HATE the early access stuff because its a money grab most of the time or the developers fail beyond reason.In this case the developer is clearly putting a lot of effort into the game resulting in regular patches that actually fix known bugs and add new stuff. In addition the game is already fully capable of being played i have to say that known companies release games that are less complete. *cough* SC2 and anno *cough*As for the game:the difficulty is a little out of pitch... i have been running multiple maps on nightmare to year 4 and beyond and i can say that after surviving the first year its almost impossible to screw up unless you leave the game running over night and your villagers do somethign dumb. On the other hand even on tradition or survival night 8 is a breaking point where the difficulty spikes.(sounds like ♥♥♥♥♥ing i know but i actually like it rough lol... i would love some new featurs for example new monsters appearing in year 2 3 4 etc.)as for things i would love to see:a way to tell the jobs to stop production at X pieces... for example clicking the lumber shack and setting a number to 100 resulting in the lumberjacks stop working once there are 100 logs availiable otherwise the resource juggling takes a lot of time on nightmarechanging the resistances around a little... as they are now the only viable lategame tower is the magic bolt tower turned into lightning or ice. the shouldnt be a resistance above 50% and no additional damage beyond 25% creating a counter for every tower forcing people to mix at least 2 kinds of damage types insteed of magic bashes all and arrows / bullets need a couple thousand shots to kill a single spectre.seperating the tool and weappon smith ... if you need the same amount of swords and toosl after night 8 you will die anyway i keep ending up with enough swords to use them for ammo in a spray tower lol.since the range of fire pits will be decreased is suggest adding a +1 build range for walls so people can grow a proper maze without playing fire pits everywhere xDbuffing walls slightly to cope with bad weather in early game and the coming desasters giving wood 150 hp stone 300 hp and the tall stone version 600 hp .... adding crystal walls with 200 hp but a hp regeneration for energy might be neat as well :Dletting a villagers stats impact his work for example a stronger/faster lumberjack will cut wood faster while an intelligent medic will be faster ... adding different levels for items aswell so a high level armor smith will create better stuff than a low level one (same for the cook)adding a mine type of building that allows villagers to gather resources underground obviously at a way slower rate than harvesting the stones above ground but without depleting them making bullet towers etc. viable late game options.by god an automated way of capping population i prefer small settlements with a thought out structure ... meaning i have to spend every 3 ingame day with ossing unwanted kids into zombies xDthings i noticed:the spray tower gets only 100 shot per bundle insteed of 300 while upgradingat the current resistances and damage there are towers that actually deal 0 damage to a spectre wasting insane amounts of ammothe attract tower works on thinsg that lie right infront of it casuing it to burn energy like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to shift the same item around it again and again unti you manually interferwhen playing nightmare the villagers keep spawning where you cant get them out for example in dense forestsfinaly:get the game its worth it haha
76561197968132580,Recommended,328080,14907713,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,NilartPax,"Dev Review:The dev is very active on his forums.  He is always looking from new crashes to take care of (the stable release is pretty stable now. 5/15/16).  He is an indie dev making a good little game.  He is indeed the developer who listens to you.  Take a look at the discussion board and you will see he has responses on the majority of threads.As far as game development goes, there have been significant and continual changes in the last year.  Every aspect of the game has matured.  More god powers.  Monster spawns are different.  Monsters will break down walls if they can't find a way in.  There are many more tower types than before.  there are now seasons.  There is a ""full map"", which lets you take stuff from one village to help with or start another if you survive long enough to prosper. ;)Game Review:Very fun little game.  The best way I can describe it is a God/tower defense village sim.  The game is similar to Banished in some aspects, but with the outside threat of the Undead.  It shares some aspects of Majesty as well.  It is a race against time to try and stay safe while the zombies and skeletons spawn (the monster spawning is going through some big changes in the current cycles so I left this a bit vague).You don't have direct control of your guys which can lead to some hilarious situations; where someone runs from a zombie away from defense towers and deeper into trouble, or circles around a barricade to try and get that lump of stone that was dropped on the wrong side of the wall, etc.  A ""grab"" God power has been added so you can take care of some of these problems... if you are there to see it.If you like Banished and tower defense games, or just want some good liero-style blood, this game is worth picking up, especially if it's on sale.  *Read what the dev has to say about the early access game before you purchase.*Oh, and if you are looking for a god game this is so much better than Godus it's not even funny.edit: Updating review to current build - 1 year since purchase and I'm still enjoying the game.  At the games current price and my current hours.. I've paid 12 cents per hour of enjoyment. =)"
,Recommended,328080,15091558,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Dr ScienceLobster MD-PhD BSc LLB,"Needs a hell of a lot of work;first and formost take your pick dev, add fighters/lower enemy spawns/increase birthrate, any one of those will take this from almost unplayable to fair and fun. (edit 1: i was led to believe dedicated fighters have been added, playing around for a couple of hours this appears to be true. I have not however seen them in action yet.... this is important tho as it shows the dev is actively improving RPC)secondly, time control, speed up slow down, thats standard stuff for games like this. i dont want to sit around for 5 minutes to build my first centre just to find i then have to wait for 15 more minutes to build basic infrestructureThirdly, more building types/remove the unnessasary grouping of buildings in menus. you have what? 10 different basic types of building? with the occational double/triple sized buildingyou dont need 8 different sections to split them up, especially since half of them only have one buildingforthly zombies clothing need to loose the colours of friendly units, it can be confusing when viewed from above (like 100% of the game)fifthly why are we playing? whats the goal? just to build the biggest village before over streatching and being destroyed? to wall yourself in for a game over? maybe its a take on life? we live we die and our spawn carry on, their spawn carry on and so on, good metaphore that, you build up looking good, then suddenly you die and have to start again. i think this is a god game city building roguelike? could do with some direction.other than that, its been pretty fun and i hope this doesnt get abandoned"
76561198127414654,Recommended,328080,15815754,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,mastolt,Only game where farmers take a break to kill a zombie10/10 would watch skeletons run away from villagers again
76561198068041201,Recommended,328080,15852223,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,ThePikmania,"I would definitely recommend this game to everyone who likes strategic and/or management games. A little bit of Tower defense is in there too. The developer Rayvolution updates the game a lot and is also very active in theretropixelcastles.comforum as well as on steam and twitter. The game looks great with a pixelated style and impressive particle effects. The music is a matter of taste. I personally like it, but I wouldn't buy the soundtrack extra. The game can be very intense and you will probably need to start over a lot, because the monsters like slimes, zombies and skeletons get stronger everyday and you need to become stronger and faster everytime. The game has a lot of potential and for just 10€ or even less when you buy it on sale you will have a great game that is fun from beginning to death of your last villager."
76561198000276044,Recommended,328080,31174032,Posted: 16 April,all,neb789,"If you like a relaxing game for an afternoon, something to procrastinate on or a game to really get into - Rise to Ruins is the perfect fit. It's soundtrack is great, its mixture of tower defense, god-game and strategy fills that hole where Black and White 2 should have been. Not only this but the developer is on the forums, answering questions and queries and responding to feedback with updates and fixes!"
76561198365022292,Recommended,328080,31350572,Posted: 24 April,all,SmiteMatter,Even in this early release state Rise to Ruins is a very cool game. Love the whole thing and cant wait to see what they add next. This is one worth supporting.
,Recommended,328080,31406875,Posted: 27 April,all,Vystyk,"I've been hoping for a game like this for a long time.  Its Banished meets tower defense. Imagine if Stronghold was actually good, thats this game times ten!"
76561198030736733,Recommended,328080,31652545,Posted: 9 May,all,EldVarg,Cool graphics. Nice gameplay. Dev answers fast and update often.
76561198073686819,Recommended,328080,34602791,Posted: 30 August,all,raschwim,Intricate builder. Has great potential. Fun to play :)
,Recommended,328080,14835374,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,UNiT,"Very Promising ! ! !Buy it if you want this amazing game for a little price, but don't expect to play too long from now.The gameplay is as awesome as said in the previous comments.Some technical enhancements are needed, day 12 with 250 population my game runs at 0,5 FPS which is unplayable.Good game still !"
76561197983840320,Recommended,328080,31463395,Posted: 30 April,all,k.,"There is not that much things to do, every town will look the same. Good entertaiment for 10-15 hours nevertheless"
,Recommended,328080,31239038,Posted: 19 April,all,Drakorex,"Lots of fun, I can't wait for more content."
76561198023180348,Recommended,328080,31374883,Posted: 26 April,all,WizziW,"Too beautiful! A fantastic game that combines two genres, the towerdefense and the people's management with a high level of depth. Definitely to have for genre lovers."
,Recommended,328080,31660475,Posted: 9 May,all,Smiler,"I rarely come back to games I purchase in the past... but for some reason I keep comming back to Rise and Ruins. The music is wonderful and the gameplay is candy. Dont let that fool you though, it's still quite tough."
,Recommended,328080,32776722,Posted: 25 June,all,Cryptwalker,After 27+ hours!This is now one of my favorite games and best money I've ever spent ^-^.
,Recommended,328080,32684440,Posted: 23 June,all,CobraTX,"Easily one of the most lovable, relaxing, frustrating (in a way that makes you get better at it) and downright addicting experiences in games I've ever enjoyed. My life is a little bit slowed down since I haven't been sitting at a computer for long stretches since playing Civilization 3 back in middle school. This game is tough! The challenging kind of tough! It's amazing! Haven't made it too far in the tech tree yet and haven't played on any mode but survival. I love the music, there are some bugs that can get pretty ennoying but the developer is really awesome so it should get fixed before this game is officially out. Try it!"
,Recommended,328080,34942647,Posted: 13 September,all,Wolfey,"Is this game finished?NoIs this game worth $9.99Yes.Why is it worth $9.99?30 hours in, and I'm still enjoying this game. The base game is finished, the engine itself feels as if it has polish and care put into it. In my opinion, it simply needs a few more updates to be taken out of Early Access.The developer is still actively developing this game as of 9/14/2017, and seems to have no intention of stopping.[h2]Games that it's like:[/h2]Best way I can describe this game is a mixture of Dwarf Fortress, Black and White, and a standard style Tower defense. It doesn't have as much micromanagement as Dwarf Fortress, but still has that same sort of watching your workers work based on their internal AI. You are allowed to interact with the world via various godly abilities, and gain power based on various things throughout the world.In the end I would highly reccomend this game. There aren't many good city builders now a days; espeically ones with such depth as Rise to Ruins."
76561198011609242,Recommended,328080,28260170,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Samulus,"It was difficult in the beginning, but once you figure it out it;s not too bad. Worth a play, I look forward to seeing what content gets pushed through.Oh, and the soundtrack is outstanding."
76561198185539566,Recommended,328080,22112790,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Tim Stryker,"The message at the begining of the game warns about not being complete but it is most definatly very playable & enjoyable in its current state.  And I see sooooooo much potential & room for so many extra things that I see & hope the Dev will add to it.  Ive already spent several hours in game & even though it is missing quite a few other features & game mechanics & other things you would want; what it does have so far is more then enough to feel satisfied with & want to keep progressing & expanding.I had no problems with this game at all until a few hours ago when my game keeps crashing every 10-15 minutes.  I dont know if its cuz my base is too big now or what...but for now Im going to definately give this game a thumbs up as even for early access its very well done & Im sure the Dev will fix the any bugs as the game progresses.Out of all the other games like this that are out there; early access or even a completly done game; this game is one of the few that are at the top of the list.  Being an avid gamer for about 30 years now...lol... I know a good game when I see one & if you like these kinds of games, you cant go wrong with this one & you should be most happy with what it has to offer."
,Recommended,328080,31231250,Posted: 18 April,all,SirPhobos,"Super fun castle builder sim.  Less buggy and more fun than any Stronghold game!  It's in early release, but already has tons of stuff to do, and it seems like the developer is super active.Just found out that you can shoot fireballs and kill monsters from the main menu screen.  It plays a song after 40 kills.  Entertaining little easter egg!"
76561198064055420,Recommended,328080,31866507,Posted: 20 May,all,MaliceMalicious,great city building tower defense god mode fun
76561198155013878,Recommended,328080,31875618,Posted: 20 May,all,mattmoose21,"Although this game is in its infancy, I have had a really great time with it."
76561198248769428,Recommended,328080,31840007,Posted: 19 May,all,tomyork,"The game is good and is on an excellent track, there is plenty to do. However there are 2 main things that are a bit annoying: (1) The graphics can be too pixilated, so some of the icons and objects are a bit hard to identify. (2) The game is too clustered, when doing the tutorial, the popupbox icons are actually hidden behind other menu items so they're hard to click. As well as that there seem to be too many menus crowding the screen, it would be great to be able to simplify these so I can focus on the gameplay."
76561198009053164,Recommended,328080,31746034,Posted: 14 May,all,mrblister50,"Awesome potential, someway to rally your people would be good"
76561198039739361,Recommended,328080,18469457,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,LGreymark,"A very quaint (although brutally difficult) strategy game with an old school look and a refreshing nostalgia trip to the days of warcraft 1/2 and command and conquer. Expect a strong asthetic theme and challenging play across several official maps, with the opportunity for you to create your own in a fully featured editor.While the game has a lot going for it it needs to be said that the game's systems are incredibly unintuitive and require a great deal of practise to master. A lack of clear and explanatory tutorials really hurts this game.All in all, while it could be better, this game is still in beta and has a remarkably responsive dev. I fully expect to see this game become great if the dev keeps his head on straight and listens to the saner members of his/her fanbase. 8/10Ps, as a note to the dev, it would be nice to be able to insert custom maps into a world map somehow. Perhaps creating room for custom made 'campaigns' and worlds to be shared amongst the community."
,Recommended,328080,15978439,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,RippedMaster,"This game is awesome. When it is fully done, it will be even better. 10/10 would play again."
,Recommended,328080,13824194,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Stonerton,Pretty fun to play even this early in development. So far this game is looking promising. The things that are working are working good. RPC has alot of potential as long as it's dev keeps up the great work. Looking forward to future updates.
76561198005954807,Recommended,328080,30132308,Posted: 23 February,all,ChinWagg,"Great game for the price. Now in early access, it has a lot of potential. Addictive gameplay that feels rewarding as you upgrade building and defenses........ only to have them destroyed over and over again haha. 9/10"
,Recommended,328080,30125830,Posted: 23 February,all,Dr. Anus PhD,"If you like games like the Settlers or the Anno series, you'll enjoy this game. It's a city builder but with some tower defense thrown in. The developer constantly hammers out content-filled updates and the game is continually evolving. Probably the best early-access game I've purchased."
,Recommended,328080,29837762,Posted: 10 February,all,BeepDog,"Honestly, I really enjoy the simulator nature of this game. It scratches a particular itch for me that I've found hard to satisfy. I do believe the game has a ways to go. I'd love to see more buildings, and more upgrades to buildings.That being said, I'm enjoying it quite a bit right now. If you like Simulator games where you direct your minions, but that's all, ti's a crapload of fun. If you want individual control, it's not going to be so great.I like where the developer is going with it, and I like the game. Would recommend as a fun simulator. Also props for working awesomely in linux (where I play it most of the time.)"
,Not Recommended,328080,29892175,Posted: 12 February,all,UBERS,The difficulty curve for monsters are ridiculous!!
76561198121032606,Recommended,328080,12699012,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Hummungus,the game is good but it is empty at the moment i would wait a few updates. I think you should add farm animals/animals to the game.
76561197983708313,Recommended,328080,12742073,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Ultimate Mayhem,"Very Fun! :D not much to do yet, but i still like it :D!..."
,Not Recommended,328080,30049033,Posted: 19 February,all,Toaster,"This game has a lot of potential, but I wouldn't say it's worth buying yet. The tiered resources are shallow with only two tiers. The monsters escalate quickly. You have to play a few worlds to understand what you have to do and how efficient you must be. I find it to be a lot of fun, even if it does get frustrating sometimes. But I just can't recommend other people to buy it at this time.Check out a few videos on youtube from a few different gamers and see if its for you."
,Not Recommended,328080,31372417,Posted: 26 April,all,carewolf,"Very bare bone game. Not much to do. It basically seems monsters are just there to try to wipe you out before you manage to build everything possible.Several very basic things are still unimplemented. I had lots of weapons for instance, but no way of recruiting soldiers or guards or make other workers pick up weapons.I will check back in a year and see if it is better. For now, wait and see."
,Not Recommended,328080,23276925,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,ZëL,"I know that this is Early Acces, but the game is in desperate need of content.All there is right now is three different resources, with their respective extractors and refinements, houses and towers. To be a village sim you might need a little more than that, honestly.You are constantly attacked by monsters, day and night, without breaks. You can't tell your villagers to defend, you can only build towers (that are inadequate for the amount of monsters you receive), and hope for some villager to try and defend and not die. Because if they die, the only way to have another villager is to give free time (aka, stop building your village defenses) to your workers and wait a loooong time before a new one is born, while in the mean time you have less defenses and even more monsters.The AI is very lackluster: building two or more buildings at a time really confuse builders, with the end result of having both of them unfinished for minutes. Gathering resource is dumb too, with villagers going for random sources instead of the nearest ones. Attacking enemies seems random too, with villagers attacking once, then starting to flee, then attacking again, then fleeing in the middle of other enemies, then dying.On the art side of things: the graphics and UI are gorgeous. The sound track is quite good, although it isn't contextual: you can have an happy and reassuring track while the village is getting slaughtered. Particle effects are really cool and really add a lot to the presentation of the game.For now I absolutely cannot recommend this game in the current state. I hope new content and new mechanics will be added to the game and the AI refined, so that this game will actually be about managing your village, not an endless cycle of building and rebuilding towers."
,Recommended,328080,25609349,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Mayday3154,"Great game, challenging enough to keep you entertained as well. Overall could benefit from a few changes, mostly a way to speed up time so you arent watching your villagers slowly build turrets or a fence. One last thing is would be nice to be able to rotate your building so a village could look and function a lot more like a village should. I know it's still in early release, but it is already a great game."
76561198114829250,Recommended,328080,19544014,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Retrospectral,"Build. Die. Build again. Die Again. Rinse, wash, repeat. Will gladly die again. 10/10."
,Recommended,328080,24049680,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Ackrill,"Cool easy-to-learn-hard-to-master rts-simulation game.Fantastic animations and graphics!Needs some UX\UI changes in ""lists"" menus.Stop reading comments! Buy the game already!"
,Recommended,328080,21451451,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,blueap9562,"This game is absolutely enthralling. I want to get back to it every second I have free time, even though I have already lost...how many was it...5 villages in only 8 hours? I seem to not be the best deity for these people...This game captivates you with its unique design and the music in the background only further emphasizes this--I feel as if I were transported back in time to when these villagers lived.Perhaps one of the best parts of this game is that it give you a very brief intro, and then throws you into the game with only the most basic knowledge--trial and error is essential to this. Not only do you consider how to manage/assign your villagers, but you also have to consider building priorities, landscape, potential areas of threat from monsters, and of course, managing your resources.In considering any downsides, the one thing I might have an issue with is that often times when I want to hover my mouse over a fight between my servants (ha) and the monsters, all I am able to see is a health bar of one person, especially if multiple entities are in the same square. All I really want is to make sure my people's health bars are still doing well. Maybe add some sort of way to view the villagers’' health bars outside of hovering the mouse over them?All in all, great game, and I will continue to try to prevent the total and inevitable destruction of my people!"
,Recommended,328080,33200580,Posted: 3 July,all,dino_inc,"In this game, you gently guide what is effectively an ant farm of villagers to not die a horrible death. The game is addicting and new features are added all the time so uh... buy game now."
,Recommended,328080,23009630,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,FaceFuck,"I bought this game about 2 years ago... It had a bit of a louder ear♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥soundtrack.. But oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ I decided to download it just now to see how far it's gone.. And MY GOD, I haven't even clicked ""Create New Profile"" and I think I just came a little already.This game is truly amazing, haven' made a new game yet... But hopefully it's not Dark Souls difficulty anymore, cause♥♥♥♥♥♥this game was hard last time I played.. Hell when I bought this you couldn't even save the damn game.Buy this game! It is worth it."
76561198122648405,Recommended,328080,34284117,Posted: 16 August,all,chris2149infl,wow worth it..
76561198082373954,Recommended,328080,34381899,Posted: 20 August,all,Cog3981,"It is awesome game! The dev has been updating it regularly that is very nice.You need to watch tutorial video but here is a quick hint to survive the first couple of days.Build camp, 4-6 tents, 2-3 farms, 2 rain catcher, 1 well. Upgrade the camp.Don't forget to assign people to facilities (farms etc)Add job them to harvest food, wood, rock, water. Make storm if the water is little (not on the village ofc)The next is to add 3 harvest facilities, lumber shack, mining facility crystal harvsetry. Always build enough tents.After the couple of days, you should prepare the defense, walls, barack, towers."
,Recommended,328080,34694035,Posted: 2 September,all,qwurzy,"This game is pretty fun and a good timesink, but, it's missing some very essential things. I also have some things I think would be cool to add.Disclaimer: I have only played peaceful mode and none of the others so my knowledge of the game may be limited.Things that should be in the game (opinion)Overall happiness meter in the top leftBeing able to select a large area of resources that are on the ground and send them all to LimboBeing able to track everyone that is in a certain job (right now it is pretty hard to find certain people or track the progress of the crops and water and suchMaybe a meter that shows when the next set of crops will be done in the farm?A button to toggle on information on global storage stats? Makes it so you don't have to check every buildingThere NEEDS to be an option where if you want to build something and there is either plants, pathblocks, crystals etc. It removes those things and builds over them. It'd save a little time and make it way less frustrating when you have this useless extra step.More food options in general, dedicating a whole farm to one crop.An option to speed up time.Things I think would be cool to haveFishing/Dock system, I hate relying on solely farmsBetter road system?? The one that is in place now is kind of really annoying. I hate that paths just pop up everywhere. It'd be cool if the road system was kind of like Cities Skylines in a way, you build strip of road and the villagers use that path, maybe?pls add cats. they don't need to do anything. just cats.So yeah, these are just suggestions and I would like to see other people's suggestions as well! I enjoy this game and would like to see it grow.edit 9/3 10:21am: I think on top of being able to pause certain buildings, you should be able to slow down production by a certain percentage.edit 10:22am: actually underground mining? instead of just the surface stuff, but with this you'd probably need to make new ores and new things to make with those ores so idkedit: 10:37am: also, if you're playing as god why can't you motivate your crops to grow faster?edit: 10:43am: these large storages fill up way too quickly"
,Recommended,328080,13573885,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Miike,"For starters this game has a very good concept. I enjoyed playing it and will continue to play, Sadly there is no save option so you need to leave the game running to continue. Also there is an ongoing issue where if the game is up too long it starts to get laggy. So short gameplays are in order. Otherwise i think this is agreat start to hopfully a game which is developed for a long time."
76561198050331496,Recommended,328080,13847904,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Abraxo™,not much to do yet ^^ but dis game goes crazy :D
76561198015597195,Recommended,328080,28194861,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,InventiveName,"And I'm buying Raymond's next game, because he did so damn well!Early Access Performance 10/10 ; Gameplay 8/10 and climbing ; Gleeful Godly Gameplay 9/10 ; Retro 10/10Normally, I expect Dev's to tick down a list to completion and general compatability, not spend time updating and cooroborating with the community. Updates that matter with great changelogs and an idea of what the hell is going on in what is essentially my investment. At a brisque pace none the less.Gameplay:  It's fun to be God, but still challenging in the face of a survival world."
,Recommended,328080,31241264,Posted: 19 April,all,Apocaleex288,One of the best game ive played
76561198110881362,Recommended,328080,16381704,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,ash,"This is a fun base building game with zombie apocalypse overtones ;)  It's quite a challenging game, you really need to get started on building your food production and population from the first minute in order to survive for any decent time.The position of your base is also critical.   It's important to try to use natural barriers (water, rocks, forests) as protection from zombies.  You can wall yourself in, but building even wooden fences can take a decent amount of resources and time.The game/developer seems to be of the opinion that losing should be ""fun"".  In other words it's a base builder game in the sprit of roguelikes such as Dwarf Fortress.  It's far easier to just pick up and play than most roguelikes, but if you don't like that style of game you may struggle with this.Then again, if you haven't tried a similar game before, this would be a great intro.It's still in early access, so some of the building choices are a bit limited, but the developer seems to be adding features every few weeks which is great.A few suggestions:An in game legend (easily accessible), with text explaining each of the small icons (emoticons) that appear above villagers and enemies would be handy.Needs a pause option.Maybe a bit more personality for the villagers and enemies would be nice.This is a fun game and has the potential to be even better."
76561198003195911,Recommended,328080,31768121,Posted: 15 May,all,MENTAIKO BURGER,"Recently after the update, I cant seem to start any map on the game?!! I have been playing that map for a long time....Though the creator said to disable sharing overlay function on the Nividiea GE Experience Programme. I cant seem to see that function..HELPPPPPPPPPPPPP"
76561198037448294,Recommended,328080,13914091,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Ad inferos,"slow pacing town simulation, ""Lemmings + Banished"". I would like it to evolve into more feudal and ""Dungeon keeper-like"".. I vote to get rid of the zombies"
76561198128472519,Recommended,328080,14843057,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,FerretBandit,One of the best game's i've played in a while. Very unique concept and entertaining gameplay. Rogulelike Village Simulators could become a real thing!
76561198071526256,Recommended,328080,20842210,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Buffamoo,Awesome games keep the updates coming!!!!!!!
76561198157856469,Recommended,328080,31420462,Posted: 28 April,all,club24,is good
76561198013180364,Recommended,328080,31679139,Posted: 11 May,all,Presstabstart,"It's a great game so far but the performance issues are pretty bad. When you have a 2d retro-graphics game (not that the graphics are bad- I really like the art style) that performs worse than cities skylines at a large population, I think there's some severe issues. Admittedly I'm on a crappy laptop but come on. If you have a bad PC don't think this is going to run well. I know the specs recommend an i3 at least but I'm just saying"
76561198173242011,Recommended,328080,31955611,Posted: 25 May,all,joshuaalsenz,"Loving this game so far. Consider bringing in town champions or heroes perhaps? Citizen hits a certain level you can permanently designate as a hero. they would no longer be usable as workers of any kind, instead would act more like golems, perhaps smarter, would run if they where going to die and such. Please?"
,Recommended,328080,29847721,Posted: 11 February,all,Danger,Charming and enjoyable.
,Not Recommended,328080,14146501,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Corellon,"Updated review to be based on Indev 13 unstable 4. Unfortunately I must still leave the review as it is, while the patch has gone a ways towards balancing the game but has also taken a step back in many aspects it still needs more work.I know this is a EA game and I really hope things improve down the road, but at the current point I can not recommend this game as even a game.AI Is glitched, you still have to micromanage how much wood you set to harvest and how much stone you set to harvest as attempting to build multiple buildings leads to all the buildings tending to have all their stone or all their wood delivered, instead of balancing the delivery,the bigger issue is that if your building multiple buildings it will attempt to deliver the last piece of stone but get distracted by a zombie and drop the stone, after that the builder will then go and start working on the other building leaving the building uncompleted for a fair while, sometimes even until the other building is finished.Death Trap is still there and even worse since the removal of essence generation from the towers and collectors, now you can't even build effective defences, to even get defences in place you have to build all 3 havesting camps, collect and build the upgraded resources and then finally can build defences, but those are useless without collectors, you build those and you have to continually stock them with crystals, all that takes time away from building the essentials like food and housing.  Towers can't even seem to fire over walls which is major source of annoyance... You either limit your towers ability to fire or you have no way of containing your viliagers who will wander out of town for no reason and just idle in ""zombie land""Indev 13 Stable 4 must be substantially bugged, change notes state that spawns have been substantially reduced yet somehow I got a hoard of 14 !! zombies raiding my tower... on DAY 2! not even end of day but end of dawn.Villagers are smarter but still not there, as above they will walk away from the town or the farthest building into the middle of no where and just idle there... until they see a zombie and then they will rush to it, and then rush to the next and the next and the next... until they die.  Yes they will run away but that only lasts a couple steps and then they will see a zombie and run and attack, it's a game of ping pong now with the run, attack, run, attack action... the game really needs a way to contain the villagers, either walls with gates or a ""no go"" zone that you can mark villagers to not cross.Defence buildings are useless, zombies heal faster then the buildings can regenerate, spawn faster then the buildings can regenerate and it appears the more you build, the more zombies you bring.Once you mark a building to be built you can't pause it (Being worked on but the button doesn't work still), you can't lower it in the queue and you can't cancel it, you can only dismantle it, instant if nothing was delivered to the building, but if the building had even 1 item delivered to it a builder has to go to the building to dismantle it...Looking forward to the next patch but the game is still too unbalanced to be enjoyable"
76561197970986502,Recommended,328080,29892586,Posted: 12 February,all,LoneStar,Already plenty hours of fun.  Cant wait to see how the game develops further.
76561198035393265,Recommended,328080,29864337,Posted: 11 February,all,Kalsaraan,"An excellent early access game made by an amazing dev. It seems there is already enough content to get a good amount of enjoyment out of this game, while the developer's plans (that he actively talks about and makes constant progress on) give real hope for a fantastic game in the future. Great game to pick up if you like watching as a game improves over time."
,Not Recommended,328080,28852878,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,spoderman_spoody | Lvl 22 Druid,"In the current state this game is incredibly frustrating to play.I am a huge fan of games like Gnomoria, Banished, and Rimworld but this game is nothing like those other than the presence of villagers and buildings. I tried for 4 painful hours to make this not seem like what it is, which is a glorified tower defence game.The spells are absolute garbage. Want to help your villagers defeat waves of mobs? Well you can either burn every ♥♥♥♥ing thing around your cursor, or call down a meteor and blow up then burn every ♥♥♥♥ing thing around your cursor.I hope there is a drastic rework to this game."
,Recommended,328080,29390236,Posted: 20 January,all,RoyTheHeir,"Not a bad game, difficult to understand at first, the way you need to mark resources to collect, then have certain buildings to manufacture those resources, just to get some of the things you need..I definitely recommend watching the toturial video posted on the main menu to help you get a grasp on things, along with perhaps a few youtube toturials.. other than that once you start to understand the nuances of the game, it opens up quite a bit, to become a nice little strategy city building/tower defence game.Haven't put too much time into the game yet, but I plan on doing so."
76561198007738270,Recommended,328080,29453276,Posted: 23 January,all,DigDug74,This game is a gem. It has some minor issues but nothing that can't be over come. RtR (coined) is obviously fun and keeps you on your toes. I would recommend this to everyone and help with giving useful feed back. RtR has a dedicated dev and is on point. Give this game a try guys!
76561198063969753,Recommended,328080,29966599,Posted: 16 February,all,stratochief66,"Enjoyable game, similar to Dwarf Fortress for me, but with a job/person interface with useful feedback. The god-style tools also let you 'micromanage' small but important things you may have overlooked until it it too late to use your minions to resolve, like weaking an impending hoard or growing emergency food."
,Recommended,328080,30050752,Posted: 19 February,all,Turbo Autism,"this game is confusing and fun at the same time, I burned down a village all the while trying to help them"
,Recommended,328080,30126304,Posted: 23 February,all,Seal of Approval hellcase.com,Good game.But too hard for me.
,Recommended,328080,32689681,Posted: 23 June,all,discombobulated1,:)
76561198152329150,Recommended,328080,29850997,Posted: 11 February,all,ashtonweaver,I Love this game and i cant wait for it to expand
76561198043495131,Recommended,328080,29926721,Posted: 14 February,all,Rayllumen,"The game is challenging, If you dont get a decent amount of territory and defences set up quick enough; Monsters tear through your buildings and people like paper. Down goes your village. But what about the food? Spend too much time worrying about defences and you forget to feed your people. Down goes the village. Forget to build homes or not enough? People start dying of Hypo/Hyper-thermia. Down goes the village...Albiet slowly but eventually.I loved RTS' and I loved challenging games. I also loved Towns and Dwarf fortress! Hope this games gets far and has a good run through early access!Shame that the villagers are stupid enough to build the walls so they are outside of the village.BUTSTILL. Great game, Buy it now. :)-Rayllumen"
,Recommended,328080,29837160,Posted: 10 February,all,Nokillz and Noskillz,Bought it on sale.  It's a neat little populus-esque game and quite fleshed out for Early Access.Definitely worth the value.
,Recommended,328080,33483513,Posted: 12 July,all,Etznab,"Mechanics over graphics, once more.Give this one Mod-Support and it'll go through the roof. Definitely recommended!"
,Recommended,328080,29421885,Posted: 22 January,all,hajaf10,awesome game!
76561198079928247,Recommended,328080,29810618,Posted: 9 February,all,Giant_Zombie,I recommend the game simply because the development and potential of this game is way above the average bar. I'm excited to see how this grows in the future.
76561198095066126,Recommended,328080,23320451,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,[SMA] Riddick,"Very actively updated, and just the level of simulation a casual gamer wants. HIGHLY recommend."
,Recommended,328080,25431154,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,kudlacz90,Make more games like these... Please???
,Recommended,328080,30913728,Posted: 2 April,all,Gage Fox,Great game really enjoy it and it is very playable in the early access state
76561198189928643,Recommended,328080,22653889,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Day Old Toast,i recommend this BUTyou run this you need a POWEFUL GAMING COMPUTERi have decent one and it run's at around 8-10 framesso unless you a good computer don't get this game
76561198045307202,Recommended,328080,16378457,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,mammles,Love it!
,Recommended,328080,24572334,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Murtles,-Woke up-Found these people crowding around a big building-Told them I was their God-Found Han Solo-Dragged him into a portal to live in limbo forever-Then I started playing Retro-Pixel Castles10/10
76561198258084668,Recommended,328080,32161783,Posted: 3 June,all,Lobos,Great game and updates frequently
,Recommended,328080,34241485,Posted: 14 August,all,Heimbad,"Great game so far, very promising with lots of new features planned! Definitely worth the price!"
,Recommended,328080,34140003,Posted: 9 August,all,EsKa,"(edited)Ok this one deserves a full review.It's a very decent game oscillating between a colony builder and a god game.Pros:+ Complete and complex colony builder, which in itself is pretty rare.+ Lots of content, game modes and yet feels appropriately balanced+ Cute art style, it's not earth shattering but it does its job and has a certain charm to it+ Features a decent tutorial and hint system teaching you the basics, it's far from perfect of course, but it's there.+ Actively developed and regularly updatedCons+ The user interface while not being attrocious feels more like a developer debug menu than a polished thing. It's serviceable, but counter intuitive, requiring more clicks than necessary and where information isn't displayed sufficiently/efficiently.+ The ""mana"" system allowing you to spawn pretty much any resource or use powers feels like a placeholder for features / buildings / tech that have yet to be implemented.+ the whole turret / combat /military side feels a bit weak.All in all it's a very interesting game in a fairly niche genre. It's not without flaws but nothing game breaking. For that price, it's definitely recommended."
76561198014546506,Recommended,328080,29684999,Posted: 3 February,all,Joachim von Cockensocket,"I wish I could. I really wish I could like this.But after ten villagers died from heat exhaustion in plain view of valid shelter, and after watching that shelter burn down because it was ignored utterly by the two dozen remaining ♥♥♥♥wits walking back and forth past it...I'm going to try it again after a few updates, see if I still feel like strangling someone.[ EDIT ]Changed to positive for customer service. Dude's more than willing to advise if things keep going pear-shaped.Doesn't stop the ball-punching from being frustrating, but it's an ice-pack, certainly."
,Recommended,328080,29829013,Posted: 10 February,all,MikeKeb,"I picked this game up when it was $4.99 and it was money well spent. The graphics are gorgeous for the style chosen, and the gameplay is surprisingly refined for an early access game. If you enjoy games like Towns or Stonehearth you will most likely enjoy this game. I can't wait to see what features they add in the future. I can't recommend this game enough for the price I paid, and even at $9.99 I would say the same thing."
76561198119653226,Recommended,328080,29476749,Posted: 24 January,all,Nibuku,"Previously I had left a negative review for this game, but a year went by and the developer entreated me to try again now that many of the negatives in my review have been addressed.I am very happy to announce that the game is SOOO much better, and that at the present moment, I don't really have any complaints about the present version of the game, except that it is sans husbandry of any sort, which I feel would be the next step in a game like this.Its a very chill sort of roguelike, in my experience.All in all, a decent buy for what they're asking, with attentive and diligent developers.  I would reccomend this, because I anticipate it becoming much better when it is already a good game."
,Recommended,328080,22025979,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Arcturus,"Just the right balance of ""Oh $#@! its hopeless to win"" and ""But I might win, I should keep trying""If you like populous, towns, and stonehearth: Imagine what would happen if they went to pixel-land and had an awesome baby.Buy that baby. The baby is worth purchasing. Purchase the baby. 0_0"
76561198246099002,Recommended,328080,24560948,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Spafo317,-Fun and relaxing to play
76561198033030411,Recommended,328080,24554847,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,mertp,awesome
,Recommended,328080,25866271,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Nikachu92,"Fun game if you enjoy the base building type of games.  (I do so I loved this game.)For the most part, the gameplay and buildings are fairly straightforward.  There's definitely a learning curve to this game, though.  You will most likely have to start over at least a couple times. However, once you figure out your strategy and build a solid defence, the only struggle may be to have enough food during the winter.As it's not finished yet, the game is still lacking, but I got 15 hours of good gameplay out of this game in it's current state. (Owned it for about a week as I write this).  I got it on sale for about $5 which is already well worth the price even without the fact that it will be updated.  My personal check for games is that it's, at least, satisfactory if it provides enough fun game play for one hour for every dollar it cost.  (So 3 hours/dollar so far is pretty good.)Quick tips if you want them:-Focus on a good defense ASAP. There's always room for improvement. Like dont even worry about having all the necessary housing.  You start in spring so the villagers can go a few nights outside.  Just build a good wall and defense towers (and ammo supply) ,  And use natural barriers to your adventure (forests and mountains.)-Don't spready yourself thin, too fast.  You start off with only so many people.  If you start building and employing all the different manufacturing and refining buildings, Your people will be spread thin among all them and it'll take forever to get more important things dones.-Edges to waters aren't as defensive as you think.  If you build a wall ending perpendicular to a body of water, monsters can still swim around the edge (Depending on what the quickest path is.)-Destroy spawners asap.  Use the Fireball power on any spawners that pop up (red squares on minimap).  You don't need to destroy them completely.  If you hit them, they'll slowly burn until they're destroyed (unless it starts to rain.)"
76561198051442592,Recommended,328080,25847603,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,deathtauntpotato518,"It was a good pickup, Dev is working on it consistently. I'm happy with the buy."
,Recommended,328080,24186766,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,BlackStarr911,.
,Recommended,328080,22090520,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,GamingMantis,Really worth it. Steep learning curve.Why is my review so short?I need to get back to playing.
76561198283432222,Recommended,328080,32182818,Posted: 4 June,all,faruk_tr,Nice game with nice developer.
76561198144462971,Recommended,328080,28105762,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,ice | hellcase.com,"fun in the begining, but becomes very difficult on out."
,Recommended,328080,26700653,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Profsano ☕,"If you think about it, these enemys are killing innocent ""alive"" people for no reason, like they are too perfect. When the zombies and monsters charge at your base killing every child and adult, its sort of grusome and really messed up. Too many feels"
76561198325591456,Recommended,328080,33669856,Posted: 20 July,all,LettuceTickler45,The Game is a mix of Terraria and Tower Defense ultimately i enjoy it and it has plenty of potential to grow!
76561198013132245,Recommended,328080,32388451,Posted: 13 June,all,huminado,"The compelling element of gameplay: increasing building technology requirements (i.e. materials) to allow a larger number of buildings.That little game mechanic drives the whole game, blocking new buildings from coming up until prerequisite buildings have been placed and required materials are available. It is implemented by requiring the city center to get upgraded, and each subsequent upgrade requires new materials that must be manufactured. Great design and I thoroughly enjoy the amount of decision-making generated by the mechanic. Each new building consumes a ""building slot"".This game is sort of a combo: tower defense and city building are the main mechanic. But the game also adds a god spell-casting mechanism, which allows casting fireballs, earthquakes, holy golems, healing aura, resurrect the ghost, and a few others, all with varying essence costs, which is slowly building up over time according to how happy villagers are.Most importantly, there is a ""grab anything"" spell that allows grabbing enemies, friends, resources -- just not buildings. You can use it to move enemies away if they are causing too much trouble, or saving your villagers before certain death, or collecting resources your villagers aren't collecting fast enough. Each time you use it it burns essence depending on how long you grab something. This has the side-effect of making game-pause disallow touching the board in any way (pause also won't let you use the building-selection menus, but the dev claims he will change this eventually). Not being able to change a paused board I find annoying, especially when it's only reason is to support a strange game-play mechanism. The game develops an arcade-like feel (i.e. frantically moving things around), when it's supposed to be a city-builder. It's odd.  [Most city builders involve dropping ""blueprints"" that workers eventually build the buidings on top of - but this is the first city builder I have seen that won't let you pause and place as many blueprints as you like - you have to unpause the game to do that.]Another odd mechanism is that the global map (where you choose the submap the village will be placed in) can have units (enemy or ally) in ""limbo"", and they can be portalled out of a map or back in as you like. I scratch my head at why this was put in - but there it is.But wait! There's more! There are also 2 other mini-games: - collect the essence and - find the friend or foe.Collect The EssenceCollect the essence involves moving your mouse around essence that results from enemy deaths or other triggers that have it free-floating in the atmosphere. The way the essence follows bezier curves is fun to watch and it's a bit relaxing break from the rest of the game.Find The Friend Or FoeThe other minigame ""find the friend or foe"" involves hovering the mouse close enough to ground units to see whether they are enemies or friends (your own villagers or nomads). If you don't have your mouse close enough, you can't see what they are. This I think was a really bad UI choice for the sake of creating a mini-game. I find it purely annoying. Your mileage may vary.ConclusionThe game involves several mini-games, some add and some detract from the core gameplay, which is castle (or city) building. Because this is still early access, who knows? But I feel I've already gotten my money's worth purely for the mechanisms I like, and it's very easy to keep playing this until the late hours of the night. For that reason alone, it's worth a buy."
,Recommended,328080,34719010,Posted: 3 September,all,ChillyThePengu1n,This game is awesome!. Think of Minecraft and Simcity or something like that. Totally worth it!
76561198070352043,Recommended,328080,33476396,Posted: 12 July,all,ColdOneK,"This is a review for InDev 26 -- 7/12/17This review acknowledges that this game is currently in early access -- and being actively developedThis game is currently quite enjoyable w/ it's lite village management ++ tower defense design.Very similar to games like dwarf fortress and gnomoria w/ far less of the tedium involved w/ micromanaging every little thing. You'll also have your defenses tested nightly - rather than randomly - a bonus for unlucky DF players who would go in-game years w/out a siegeA lot of the mechanics are unfinished - and balance isn't there yet - of courseBut overall - I'm very hopefull for what's to come.-- Boss monsters - and the blood moons-- Villagers leveling up may actually give us heroes in the future that go hunt down items/etc-- Reasons to try to expand your walls-- More village management w/ a reason to play in the different biomes-- Fire elementals - that actually take damage in water or while it's raining. ;]A few annoying things/complaints here and there---- Majority of enemies in the game are resistant 40%+ to piercing damage - making it pointless to build bow towers or ballistae irregardless of what the ""helpful"" hint says-- No AOE towers - there is a static tower - that is useless by the time you get the resources to build it because of its hilariously low damage and lack of damage upgrades-- Spectres - immune to crush + pierce - forces magic damg w/ absurd health numbers-- road upgrades are tedious - should happen automatically as the waymakers collect resources-- no house upgrades - would think you could upgrade between the three choices as time progressed-- cannot cancel when something is tagged for dismantling -- why?-- storm + earthquake power - despite incredibly high costs are useless as damaging spells - storm's is only effective as a utility to force rain - and earthquake has basically no purpose-- resources that really shouldn't - tend to disappear over time - when not placed in storage -- such as iron ore - logs - or rocks --- despite the lack of controls like ""gather X resource until I have X number - otherwise do nothing""-- No rock/wooden tools or armor - all require rare iron-- Cannot convert resources - like stone to iron-- Golems - march out single-file rather than in groups - completely useless endgame - since despite essence cost - do no magic damg"
,Recommended,328080,21879418,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,aboxof9kittens,"i really like this game and have been playing it since it first came out, the only thing that ticks my off is when im playing and i just get to summer and then it crashes and a notepad pops up whith what i guess is what the game did or code or something, i dont know. but it deletes my file and this has heppened two times in one sitting. will be waiting for further updates"
76561198038597965,Recommended,328080,31066701,Posted: 10 April,all,SplittingSkulls,Wow this game is soooo awesome. It's not finished yet but it is still so much fun to play!
76561198175646405,Recommended,328080,31094456,Posted: 12 April,all,conor.r.foley,First for an early access it is a good game and in my opinion one of the much better god games on here no matter if its original to the T or notand I highly reccomend it for those who want a nice god gamesome things id love to seeA garrion building were you have equiped gaurdsor maybe some raider enemies who have little campsor sites you can explore and loot but must face foesor maybe co-op of some sorrtthese are suggestios though :PKEEP ON TRUCKING DEVS :P-From a helpful Steam player
76561197962998931,Recommended,328080,28035914,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,agent2j,Worth every penny. I need to quit starving my people to death though.
76561198135026581,Recommended,328080,34658806,Posted: 1 September,all,The Dark Gremlin♣™,its a fun game to play but hard
76561197966614740,Recommended,328080,25940505,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,MailBoxHead,"When playing this game I can only think to myself, this is what godus was supposed to be.Would buy 2d godus supporsed to be againg 10/10"
,Recommended,328080,30154583,Posted: 24 February,all,Smacktastic,"Suffers from a an obtuse, cluttered interface that feels more like a version of Excel from the 90s than a game. There's some mid-game drag; a certain lack of choices that decrease flexibility.However, the core mechanics are fun. I feel this game has a lot of promise."
,Recommended,328080,30493565,Posted: 13 March,all,Josh Twoyams,"It's an alright game, but after you get past the first year there is nothing to do.Suggestions:more control over the villagersplaces that you can raidmore buildingsmore spells other than fire (maybe a system where you have to fight certain monsters with certain spells)a way to create terrainanimalstraderssome kind of hero that you can completely control and make a bunch of different items formaybe the hero could lead an army of people to fight or somethingalso noticed that the villagers don't need water, but people usually need water. So maybe some kind of water system?idk just some ideas"
,Recommended,328080,30462331,Posted: 11 March,all,Dogsplice,Pretty dang cool. Great strategy/city builder game. It simply needs more! I can't wait to see what it will become!
76561198019156789,Recommended,328080,30857892,Posted: 31 March,all,Capt Von Trapp,"Oh look, another very hard sim city builder but this time with a fantasy theme. Sign me up!  This game is fun, if you like city builders and tower defense you should already own it.  It is more city builder than tower defense.  Very good, and very hard."
,Recommended,328080,34343252,Posted: 18 August,all,bearhiderug,"Rise to ruins is a grat start of a game. Easily and quickly pulls you in. I look forward to all your hard work. Was well worth the buy! Anyone who likes simulator, building, defense, or magaing games, I very much recomend you check this out!"
,Recommended,328080,24120648,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Jachymor,"In short: Mix of Populus and Tower Defense, smooth pixel art similiar to Risk of Rain which provides a solid basis, but does need more features to really provide longevity.Good for: Optimizers, defenders and part-time godsBad for: Those who prefer finished and fleshed-out tower defense"
76561198003643896,Recommended,328080,29381693,Posted: 20 January,all,Jool,"Fun, addictive. Looking forward to seeing more from this developer."
,Recommended,328080,30155791,Posted: 24 February,all,Korish,Good game with active development.Can't wait for more content.
,Recommended,328080,30702117,Posted: 24 March,all,FacelessHorsey,"This is a great game. It's very addictive in the just 5 more minutes sense. Even though the game is in early access, the content is plentiful with steady updates. The developer is very active in community and works with community feedback. The price is more than fair and if you like management, village building or semi-tower defense games  Rise to ruins is highly recommended."
,Recommended,328080,30743411,Posted: 25 March,all,higuita,"Build your base during the day, fight hordes of monsters during the night, settle and survive with a small number of mens, womens and resources. You have some magic, use it well!The game is fun and hard and the developer keeps improving thing and adding new features. Recommended"
76561198022667107,Recommended,328080,30886721,Posted: 1 April,all,wjgrice,Great game for early access.  I've blown 80 hours into it already.
,Not Recommended,328080,30109430,Posted: 22 February,all,Spite513,"This game was not necessarily for me, but it might be for you if you enjoy lording over the pixel like peoples of Rise to Ruin. Every night it seems as though the indomitable hordes get more powerful, more of my citizen are eaten or fall to their doom in a similar way. Building things and progressing is relatively straight forward, gathering power to cast powerful spells, sending the pixel plebs out to gather wood and stone for houses, and just generally attempting to survive.I personally did not find the learning curve to be very steep; you create a continent, pick a starting place with its own bonuses and drawbacks, and then to go forth into the unknown. There are better titles out there that do a better job of God-like control, this felt a bit too tedious for my liking.Oh well."
,Not Recommended,328080,28215024,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,slayernine,"It has potential but seems very broken.  First play new villagers spawn once in awhile, second time none.  Slowly have people die, never enough to grow.  Oh and the tutorial video is for a completely different build of the game."
,Recommended,328080,13067089,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Bilbo Baggins,i love dis game! its fun to play it and all and you can make your own map but it cold bi better wid multiplayer or co-op and you can share your maps to others wid steam-workshop or some other stuff! :D
,Recommended,328080,28214249,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Sergey Harlamov,"As a beginner indie developer, bought the game to see an example of a indie project in steam. Now, this game inspires me to continue working on my own project.Thanks, Raymond!"
76561198067077173,Recommended,328080,29409596,Posted: 21 January,all,Fenrir,"Great indie game, well developed and beautiful.many thanks to the developer for such an amazing game."
76561198025449665,Not Recommended,328080,29044085,Posted: 5 January,all,Sartor,Nothing to do after an 2 hours of playing
76561198039270126,Recommended,328080,30018352,Posted: 18 February,all,Iceman,"Pretty darn decent. No. Better than decent. Usually the words ""One man Dev team"" would make me turn tail and never look back but this game delivers. The Dev delivers. Great game in current state and will be even greater in the future."
76561198039508906,Recommended,328080,29889012,Posted: 12 February,all,Lucifer,"Addicted.This is a fresh game created using a new combination of old stand by elements.  1 part RPG, 1 part RTS, 1 part Tower Defense.It's very good and the developer is very responsive.Games like this are why I buy indie games and tell the AAA titles to ♥♥♥♥ themselves."
76561198003161268,Recommended,328080,20024895,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Ka,Great gameVery challeging time killer
76561197993647250,Recommended,328080,15840418,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,OnayT.,Sürekli gelişmekte olan zevkli bir oyun. Geliştirici ile iletişim kurabiliyorsunuz. Yeni gelişmeleri ekleyeceğini söyledi. Muhteşem !!!!!!!
,Recommended,328080,15933491,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Aubis2,"City Slaughtering Simulator, 10/10"
,Not Recommended,328080,35369073,Posted: 1 October,all,Burnzoire,"The whole game is a bit of an illegible mess. Too much going on and when you zoom in the pixels just get bigger. A pity, I was looking forward to a nice village building game."
,Recommended,328080,29766901,Posted: 7 February,all,mbrx,"Don't let the simple non-isometric graphic throw you off, this is both a cute game and one that has some gameplay depths.It reminds me of old-school Populus, the original, and an rpg'ish city building game with what seems like serious obstacles (and enemies) to overcome. Overall I've had very fun so far (and almost burned my food, was just going to ""do one quick little thing"" in the game, time flies!). That said, the game is still in early access and there is both room for, and plans for lots more for the game."
,Recommended,328080,22210204,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,pussyslayer69,ez 2 playits complexgood enough for me
76561198140099358,Recommended,328080,33564649,Posted: 15 July,all,frankoczelli3,very fun and camling
76561198014432391,Recommended,328080,31059849,Posted: 10 April,all,acsiom16,"Ok, it seems the game is in development and could be buggy at times. That's what happened with my first attempt to pay it. It made me actually write the review due to my frustration - I like the concept and the art style of the game and I badly wanted to play it when I bought it. But I ecived some strange crash message about Java Error of a kind.My firstthouhg was to report a bug but I couldn't find how to do it (and obviously I also missed the forums as an option ;) ). This made me post a negtive review hoping it will grab someones attention (yep, not the fairest way to deal with an indi dev but still better than refund).I'm glad I get a very fast response asking for the bug. Which made me re-install the game... which now just starts normally (damn, sometimes you need to uninstall and re-install the game to fix it) so I cant recreate the bug but I'm happy the game is running normally now.The game is definitey proissing with lots of options in it. The UI is not the friendliest one but the tutorial popups are quite helpful and you don't feel lost with so many controls.So my first encounter with the game was harsh but once I manage to start it I like what I see and feel and it is promissing even more.This is a first impression comment (not a real review) and I will add my real one after I put some more hours in the game - for now just wnated to change my recommendation to positive while also warnig of this potential bug I have experienced."
,Recommended,328080,28151343,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Deviant30eh,Got a lot of potential and will be a great game ! B+
76561198018398402,Recommended,328080,30398676,Posted: 8 March,all,Dark Lord Kaz,"Have to say that so far I am really enjoying the game, the overall mechanics are fun to play with and make the game challanging to play.I have high hopes for this game as it developes and become even more exciting to play.So far I feel that this has a very good start and should continuously grow to even grander heights"
,Recommended,328080,25586946,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Dalorath,This is an inovative game... Give it a good try and youll learn to like it :-D
,Recommended,328080,31121364,Posted: 13 April,all,Beaver,I don't remember buying this game...
,Not Recommended,328080,34725481,Posted: 3 September,all,Leonox,"I've only played traditional or whatever the normal mode is. Overall it's a decent game that seems to tie together a lot of elements from other similar games, making an attempt at covering a lot of aspects from those games that I enjoy.Issues thus far. Game is EA, so obviously there are going to be issues. The dev is super responsive, my problem is that from some of his responses, some changes haven't come even though he commented about them a year ago. For example, if you accidentally dismantle a building, there's no obvious way to stop this. Researching it shows a comment from the dev stating this function is planned for InDev 18, the game is now on InDev 28.This really ties into another issue, it's a combination of the game having a small playerbase and the dev probably being indie, there's no updated wiki to look up the game in its current state. The wiki link on the game's official site gives you a WIP page. Trying to look up information on the game leads to posts that span years, making it unreliable on whether or not it's still relevant.I also have a pretty big issue with the way your buildable area expands. Your walls cut off your ""sphere of influence"" and you can't build beyond your them. This forces you to tear down walls in order to release your ""SOI"" in order to build beyond it. This makes it a huge pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to expand. It's constant leapfrogging your sphere to expand and it gets rather repetitive.As a final note, props to the dev for being super responsive. This however, leads to another con for me. The dev has indicated some game decisions that I don't really agree with.For example, I'm in my second game on traditional, it took me some time figuring out how to get things going in my first attempt so I abandoned it after 20ish minutes to restart. My 2nd and current game started a bit hairy, but now I control like 40% of the map and it's just a slow grind at this point. I realize that I'm playing the easiest mode in probably an easy mapset, my issue is that I don't really feel like doing it all over again because of the time investment to build from the ground up again.I know the dev has made responses as to speeding up the game, my problem is with his responses. The dev has indicated that he wants to add a spell to the game as a temporary buff to your villagers speed instead of just adding a game speed option. My problem with this is that a speed buff is pretty much irrelevant to the issue game speed, they're two entirely different things and the fact that the dev thought this was a response makes me doubt his decision making and the future of the game.The lack of a game speed option is pretty much deterring me from wanting to try any other maps. Sure, it might be harder and the challenge might be a bit more interesting, but there's just too much sitting and waiting for your villagers to get anything done. Especially when you do get strong enough and start having to expand your base.I'm 9.5 hours into the game and pretty much finished with it in my opinion. I got it on sale so I guess I got my money's worth, I'd recommend the game for a quick play, but for the type of game it is, that relies on replayability, I think it still needs a lot of work which might never come, so I can't really recommend it."
76561197993875323,Recommended,328080,27700258,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[R.I.P] starbuck™,A cool goodlike simulation with an awesome Developer Support.
76561197963437606,Recommended,328080,19749352,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,FireAlarmPuller,Great in progress so far.  Shows alot of hope and updates.  hope this isn't like towns
,Recommended,328080,30909219,Posted: 2 April,all,Palace,that time you notice you can make a kingdom over water - Me OMG THIS IS MY FAVOIITE GAMESSADA
,Not Recommended,328080,34850844,Posted: 9 September,all,MaxFrost,"This is a Tower Defense game disguised as a City builder, at least on any difficulty above Easy. Resource management isn't too terrible but can take quite a while.If you want a Tower Defense game, get this."
76561198145568640,Recommended,328080,16576077,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,goandrewk,day 1: cut♥♥♥♥♥♥day 2: build shtday 3: more building♥♥♥♥♥♥day 4: zombiesday 5: build♥♥♥♥♥♥day 6-999: build♥♥♥♥♥♥day 1000: wtf... i break a wall and all these piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s come to kill me... wtf...day 1001: awwwwwwwww sht we runnin now bichesday 1002:♥♥♥♥♥this too tired to go on.. gg-10/10 would play agin(A year later)1 login2 same sht3 do the above all over again-still 10/10
76561198200028650,Recommended,328080,30400783,Posted: 8 March,all,Gamrboi,GET IT NOW.
,Not Recommended,328080,15824951,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,vegan meth,"Along time ago I reviewed this game as a glorified tower defense. Now going and playing it things seem a bit different. Now it takes 10x as long to get anything done, and when you finally do get a bunch of stuff built, your villagers just die of stupidity. At later stages it could very well still be a tower defense game, but I will never find out because I am not masochistic enough to dedicate that many hours to watching a bunch of idiot pixels wander around and die of heat exhaustion or other random uncontrollable conditions. The game does have potential, but as of now it is just a cluster of ideas in dire need of polish and direction. The next time i play this it will be when it is fully released.Side note: The mechanics of panning the camera are horrendous. The game somehow manages to make your mouse feel like an analog stick from a ps2 controller when you try to scroll. Just let us drag the map, not have to select a center point to slide the map around with some weird acceleration. Basically a hassle just to look around the area."
,Recommended,328080,32332579,Posted: 10 June,all,GenoHacker,it also gud
,Recommended,328080,22905586,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Gunner,F*****  awesome!
76561198012321967,Recommended,328080,29324393,Posted: 17 January,all,greengoo,"for a ""you will loose game "" ifs kidna good itsa shame ther no goal other than to servive as long as yo ucan as the game hasa great premis.the art is brillantthe mechanics are brillant.sadly the only thing wrong with the game is that you cant win any tihng bar more time. so the game will do what ever it take to destroy your setalment. if you cant live with what then its sadly a game that is broken.to me that is odd.so if you like  4x game that are all about how long you can servive, then i would reconmend this game.if not i would advise waiting for a sale and then giving it a go.it's worth more thne the core game play merrits."
76561198071760031,Recommended,328080,29754538,Posted: 6 February,all,AmericanJohnny,"i like it.... and ill keep playing it. only buy it if you like playing a god and telling your people what to build. you have many options. and the more you upgrade, the harder the monsters get. i was actually going to create a very simular game like this with a different title. perhapps the developer will contact me for a part 2 to this game so i can give him my idea's? i dont know... im just happy someone created my dream"
76561197982818767,Not Recommended,328080,31169884,Posted: 15 April,all,Alitari,"This game's place as an 'early access game' is very clear.  While I didn't experience any bugs, I didn't experience any fun either.There's no tutorial even if there are hints when you first start the game ... the view is either too close and you get blockiness galore or too far and you can't really see anything.  Buildings can't be rotated to fit into locations, you seemingly have to manually control (for a god?) whether or not people are working (so they don't get unhappy) ... and if you don't have a starting location near rocks, wood, food, and water, you're pretty much screwed (excluding most of the map for settlement; no means to use one resource to compensate for another, like exclusively using stone instead of wood, at a cost of time, to build structures).While I'm sure to get the AI working must have been terribly difficult, it doesn't pass through to make the game enjoyable at this stage."
,Not Recommended,328080,31642089,Posted: 9 May,all,Insolent Fool,"I liked all the other games  listed in the ""its like"" blurb so gave this a shot. Not a fan, gnomoria does the Dwarf fortress ""lite"" much better and there's similar games that do what this aims to better.Considering I played games like Black and white which had the same depth, more polish and far better graphics almost 20 years ago it just didn't have anything to make me want to play or suggest it to friends."
76561198019684022,Not Recommended,328080,31109721,Posted: 12 April,all,much shibe,Ok so.  This game has a lot of potential but it has a realllllly slow pace.  It needs a global speedup real bad.  I read that the game dev said he doesn't think that a speed up option needs to be implemented because players will have too much to do but I dont find that to be true.  I played starcraft at a high level and I find that I am often watching a movie while waiting for my workers to do stuff.  Really cool concept but games take FOREVER.
76561197989186943,Not Recommended,328080,34586631,Posted: 29 August,all,Gnollmar,"Java error x, java error y, java error z.After having tried a few times, having to restart my computer after insane lag (the game ate all of my 24gb ram!!!).I came to the conclusion that this game is crap and I don't want others to realize the same thing. Newest java update, newest nvidia update etc."
76561198048170421,Not Recommended,328080,16018434,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Mr.MojoRising,"Good ideas but the game feels not ready to me and just is no fun after few hours.The game seems to be rather limited in the number of Objects to build. Even the few objects seem to be ""permutations"" of each other an contain functions of other buildings. I personally did not like that it seems to be rather ""fighting"" based (zombies etc.) and  i would rather like to see economy of my village grow and spend more time on that... As i said, the idea looks nice but i would have it rather in the dwarf fortress direction (which is rather based in economy than fighting). I did not want to bash your game and will definitely come back to reevaluate it, but currently i would not recommend it, because everyting seems rather limited and not like its worth 10 bucks. No offense but currently i would say that there are free games that give you the same fun and depth and the game rather seems like something you would get for free on a pc-magazine (back in the old days when they gave you CDs with it). An example that would be comparable from the style is clonk which is roughly 10 years old ! Another (also free) example is the latter named dwarf fortress which seems like 10 time the depth of this game.I know that it is hard to develop a game and please dont get this review wrong ! But if you sell a product for money you have to stand up for it no matter if its early access. And my personal opinion is, that in early access the product should not develop much from the content, but early access is for getting the flaws and small bugs out of the game. Not to actually develop it. I know that most game developers do it like this, which does not make it right. This particular game has a lot of potential, but currently i would not spend money on this.Its easy to only beef about something without giving advice on how i would like to see it develop. An example: Crepper world evermore. The first two parts were completely free and the third part came to steam without any early access thing and for a decent price.I personally experience it as a ripoff if the content of the game is developed in the (paid) early access since that is not what it is about. The early access is for fine-tuning the game and get some feedback from the comunity. Its about giving the game its last 5-10% not its last 50%.Sorry that all of my all of my bottled-up displeasure about seemingly half-ready games got into this review. I hope that you get point."
,Not Recommended,328080,34600090,Posted: 30 August,all,TseiCo,"I mentioned in the review that the game crashed for me and the dev contacted me (see comments) within an hour or so. I know indie devs fear negative reviews like the plague, but it's still nice to get instant help. But seeing that the game was released into EA in october 2014, it kinda left me with a feeling that the dev is more concerned about the negative reviews than finishing the game. Now I just bought the game and haven't been observing the pace of the development, so I might be completely off with that (and I hope I am). I also took a quick glance at the steam forums and it seemed like the dev was actually active there too (which is surprisingly rare).Thoughts about the actual gameplay after 10 hours:+The pace of the game seems good. Doesn't require reflexes like a RTS would, but also doesn't make you just sit and wait too much.+In general it shows potential and implies that it has depth and replay value.+For the most part the UI is clear and easy to use.+-The lack of in-game tutorial. There is a button for ""Watch a tutorial video"" and the game gives you some general tips along the way, but they help very little.-The game offers too little information about things like how many buidlings you need to have in order to have your town survive (farms for food, wells or rain catchers for water etc).-The time for pixel graphics has come and gone. It actually gets extremely blurry if you zoom in even a little bit (why does it even allow you to do this?).-The villagers' AI is sometimes bugged and not knowing what their priority is in performing different tasks takes a lot of the fun out of the game.-Some of the buttons on the UI (assigning villagers to different buildings for example) are WAY too small, considering the next point.-The mouse pointer moves like it's on a rubber band. The delay ain't that bad, but just enough that it actually gets really annoying to try and aim at some of the smaller buttons.It's these last two points that made my review negative. Feels like something that wouldn't bother a normal person, but some of the buttons are really small and the rubber banding mouse ain't helping.And in case anyone gets to read this before the fanboys downvote this into oblivion (as they do to all negative reviews): I'm not saying not to buy it. But I am suggesting to keep an eye on the development for a while before doing so."
,Not Recommended,328080,13853916,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Raptor85,"An interesting idea and while it may be good in the future it has some frustrating flaws that just make it simply not fun right now.   The AI for one is frustrating, there is no way to set priorities so you're forced to place one build order at a time, and un-mark things from being harvested so your guys dont sit there harvesting wood forever ignoring the stone you need to finish building your defenses, it also has a weird love of wandering off and suiciding into large groups of zombies, and there doesnt seem to be any way to keep them from doing this unless they constantly have a build order, which unfortunately prevents you from raising your population as it's suicide to not have everyone building or harvesting at all times.My second primary frustration in currently implemented features is the limited ammo on your only base defense, the fire towers, they run out of ammo so quickly even when backed up by an essence collector that they're borderline useless, even a large group of them has a hard time taking down a single zombie. While you can build a full wall around your base and use build orders to help make sure all your guys are trapped inside instead of outside it will crash the game as the zombie buildup hurts performance badly if you're not constantly killing them."
,Recommended,328080,30796912,Posted: 28 March,all,⎛⎝Cleroth⎠⎞,"Interesting game, frequently updated. Check it out now or wait until release."
76561198114263808,Not Recommended,328080,23970620,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,fxromanick,Seems like a good game but im honestly not to happy with how much it crashes
,Not Recommended,328080,25843667,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Geofferic,"Not yet.Font is painful. Cannot mute the music on launch - and the music is bad and loud. Cannot rotate structures and the dev thinks this is not very important. Seemingly cannot exit the game back to the main menu - 10 minutes of looking around and I finally hit alt-f4.The hints that stand in the place of a tutorial are woefully inadequate. You're trying to build a structure, eg, and you need to wait 20 minutes for the appropriate hint to show up to tell you how to acquire one of the resources.I like the aesthetic, and I'm a huge DF and Banished player, but this one needs more cooking."
76561198005766082,Not Recommended,328080,24586975,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Ryvn,This game is PAINFULLY slow.
76561198047134587,Not Recommended,328080,33351903,Posted: 7 July,all,yellow,"I like particle effects, storm spell and available tower/turret choice. And that is pretty much all that is good about it.After hour or two there isn't much to do other than placing another turret, shack or farm. Monsters aren't very agressive or dangerous, in 10 hours I lost only 20-30 villagers i 4-5 buildings (in Survival mode). Interface isn't great, the side menus: profession assigment and building selection are biggest offenders. I know building upgrades and limits are common in tower defence games but here they give me the ""mobile P2W"" vibe.The game is still under active development so I hope it gets better in future, the idea looked great on paper."
76561198098689326,Not Recommended,328080,33436043,Posted: 10 July,all,Ergistaelle,"This game is simply useless until it will fully operable on a pause, like other smart games like Dwarf Fortress, Banished or Rimworld.Pause -> gather information -> decision-making -> actions -> unpause -> view for results.Now all interface is locked at the time of a pause and there remains a simple 'online something-craft' or other 'click-per-minute' ♥♥♥♥♥♥ RTS.Pretty stupid.I hope, the author will correct this most vivid and ridiculous defect and I immediately change my mind about this game.Played more than 20 hours from another account, but could not write for another person.No, I do not have problems with the complexity and interface.It is absurd to believe that after such a game as Dwarf Fortress, a person will frighten away of complexity.And this game is much more like Dwarf Fortress. If you add spells and limbo, this does not mean that it will change the core mechanics - indirect control real time strategy.So, in general the genre isn't even important for me. RPG, strategy, simulations... wherever there is an action in one time and where the speed of mouseclicks can change the result - I will strongly against the 'cpm principe'.The buildings are not built instantly - you give the order, which can be done on a pause.Changes settings of buildings, marking on the map, other orders, etc - all this is possible.There are good examples of spell casting on pause - you just ""draw"" what you want to do on a pause, and then it happens, even if you are already looking elsewhere.And with the grabbing people - it's even ridiculous. Do I have to scroll the map in real time? If I am a god, I can do it immediately.In the end, everything is possible to realize, it depends only on the imagination.Konungs (1-2), Soldiers of Anarchy, Drox operative – I can continue for a long time."
76561198288353188,Not Recommended,328080,31097336,Posted: 12 April,all,keep it tea,Not great game. Pretty boring. Just gives me a headache. The mechanics are annoying. And a actual tutorial would be nice.
76561198190710127,Not Recommended,328080,30300890,Posted: 3 March,all,aubergine18,"The architecture of this game feels cluknky and broken. While it has some interesting features, I'm not yet convinced it's achieving what it set out to achieve. So for now, I can't recommend it but will check back regularly to see if that view changes."
,Not Recommended,328080,34248683,Posted: 14 August,all,slam-o-rama,The UX and gameplay on this are a terrible mess.
,Not Recommended,328080,35275011,Posted: 28 September,all,MightOfaMillionMen,don't see much update. Extremely laggy and not well optimised.
76561198273258438,Not Recommended,328080,31100346,Posted: 12 April,all,chatterbug_08,"ive paid for this game through Steam..when I open the game it ""launches"" but than opens my computer notepad saying""Rise to Ruins InDev 25dOperating System: Windows 8.1""Ive tried deleting the game and redownloading it twice :("
,Not Recommended,328080,34915275,Posted: 13 September,all,SilverJade,"Getting refund.1: No screen resolution options2: Full screen has half the game off-screen3: When you move the mouse and stop, the mouse continues to move constantly. Makes game unplayable."
76561198048696400,Recommended,328080,30385011,Posted: 7 March,all,theZou,PRETTY FUN GAME
,Not Recommended,328080,19280978,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Too-DAMN-Much,"keep your $5 there's one tower which i could never get to fire and a ton of lacking content, avoid unless the developer does something with the potential, because there's no realization yet!"
76561198009949087,Not Recommended,328080,32210930,Posted: 5 June,all,Darkred Pillow,it s a game about getting stuck and restart at all point
76561198082734104,Not Recommended,328080,32336353,Posted: 11 June,all,Lewis,"Game is incredibly hard to control, placing things is made close to impossible, i hate the view when trying to play this game. As of now, id not recommend it."
,Not Recommended,328080,31644981,Posted: 9 May,all,shoggofu,not recommended
,Not Recommended,328080,30358023,Posted: 6 March,all,Snicker,"Im sorry, I love the consept, but it is just to hard for me to enjoy and feel unfinished and unbalanced."
76561198259550109,Not Recommended,328080,22904445,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Mr.X29,don lik et
,Not Recommended,328080,32832442,Posted: 26 June,all,twitch.tv/CamBlaBen,"way to complex in a bad way . the ""art"" and UI makes my eyes bleed :("
,Not Recommended,328080,29750271,Posted: 6 February,all,PigsOnBroadWay,bad
76561198102805525,Recommended,328080,19243189,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Bdog737,"This is the game I wanted to play back when I played on an Atari 2600.  This is the game I really wanted to play when I played populous on a PC.  This is the game I really wanted to play when I played Utopia or SimCity on a SNES.  This is the game I wanted to play when I played Warcraft and Starcraft (on a better PC).It's 11/23/2015 and this game is in Alpha.The game mechanics are still a little wonky.  The build tree is still a little lacking.But the plans the developer has in store look really exciting.  I supported them because they are idependents and they have a great idea for a game here.  Whether they will continue to develop it and make it the great game it could be, time will tell.  I have very high hopes for this game."
,Recommended,328080,18362921,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Flapevlav,"I've only played for a small amount of time, but in it was such a great experience. Even though there's not a lot of things to do, with enough balancing I can see people utilizing a lot of the defenses and what-not as like a tower-defense type defense for your supposed city. Love it, do a major bug fix update please."
,Recommended,328080,18270657,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Kilroy_wuz_here,"You should buy Retro Pixel Castles.Pros:Build your own villageSurvive for as long as possibleZombiesCons:Not very feature richSome bugsOnly 3 enemy typesFinish up with some more pros:The Dev is *VERY* active in the forumsThe Dev listens to player inputThe Dev lets his players know what features are in the works, and then takes their inputRPC is great, and if you like village sims I think it is a great investment."
76561198074706866,Recommended,328080,18166208,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,ferbyman15,now that I have played the game and have become more acquainted with it I can create a list of things I like a lot and things i would like to see changed (people reading this review please see that this is all in my personal preference and is not to be taken as a review from a professional)-	Really cool stuff* The game has a grate retro feel and even though it is incomplete the stable version feels solid* The game is quite challenging and even though certain things might feel unbalanced at the beginning as you become an experienced player they you begin to understand way they are that way* The pixel art is great to look at* The programmer is truly interested in you opinion and is relivily quick to respond to your feedback (Way to go programmer! I respect you!)- Not so cool stuff* Probably my biggest complaint with the game is that when your units are fighting monsters it is very hard to see which is your health bar and which is the opponents (perhaps you could have a hot key or something to toggle on and off opponent hp bars or an option for a symbol when one of your units health gets below 25%)* The only other complaint I have is wood becomes almost quite useless in later game and that a larger need for would in late game should be implemented-	Cool stuff I would like to see* A way to clearly see when it is your unit that is getting low helth (preferably at a quick glance)* More types of building ;)* God powers that boost fighting abilities of your units* More types of opponents (sum with specialties like necromancer that summons skeletons or something)* Quests or goals to accomplish
76561198192430190,Recommended,328080,18023544,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,bbeary77,"This game is challenging at first I do agree, but the way everything is put together really makes me love this game. Another thing was that the amount of stuff still being added in can really make a man/woman wanna keep playing :)"
,Recommended,328080,18152192,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Bob The Destroyer,"I build a nice little village, i then had everyone build a wall to blockade themselves in. I began to throw fireballs at everthing that moved.10/10 Would burn again."
,Recommended,328080,18093487,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Perturbed Panda,Pretty fun game. It's little frustrating when you are trying to build and monsters are attacking causing your builders to rush to your others villagers aid. but besides that I'm a fan. Plus the developer has a page for future updates and it seems promising.
76561198008789170,Recommended,328080,22151370,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,tavi_1980,"Fun Casual old school game, a multiplayer version would be amazing with alot more buildings and options would make it even more amazing.Deffinately would recomend this game in its curent build. 8/10 but leaning torwards 9/10"
,Recommended,328080,22056366,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,{-o-} Baltazar,"Retro-Pixel Castles is an interesting game that seems to show great promise.How would I describe the game? I guess I would say that it's something of a god-sim mixed with a city-building sim. Nothing too outside the box, generally speaking.What else can I really say? My little men and women run about the world, mating and harvesting and mating some more (and stopping to chat all the damn time), and I continue to direct them to build stone walls, fire towers, and refining facilities. There's not much more to it at this point. However, that's due to the fact that the game is still in early access rather than any lack of vision on the part of the developers. I can see that there is a lot of room to grow in Retro-Pixel Castles and I have high hopes that the devs will continue to utilize that space.The tutorials cover most everything you will need to know (not everything, of course, but they're tutorials - not strategy guides. I feel like there should be some information left to the player to discover). It's not difficult to figure out how to get a thriving community up and running once you understand the basic build order.I guess that would be one of my main complaints about the game (and there aren't too many complaints I could actually list - see the end of the review for my short list): once you understand the basic build order of the game there isn't very much in the way of challenge with attaining a thriving community. It seems like the game is, so far, simple and easy. This can be changed further on in development, and I feel like with the addition of more content the challenge rating should rise decently.Since pro/con lists seem to be all the rage in reviews, I will use one now. This list is not exhaustive.Pros:+Easy to learn mechanics+Enjoyable and open-ended simulation+Pleasing graphical elements+Entertaining gameplayCons:-Soundtrack gets repetitive-It can be a bit of a hassle figuring out which unit is your villager and which is the monster in a large melee-Small amount of content at this point-Lack of effective late-game purpose (once I've built all the buildings and made my havens safe for my townsfolk there isn't any reason to continue except to raise a large population in order to populate more areas of the map)I want to make a note that I feel like all of the cons so listed are easily fixed and I have a good feeling that the devs are either currently working towards those goals or will soon begin to do so.I won't waste any time attempting to offer my thoughts as to how to fix said cons - this is simply a review.Anyway, without going on too long (too late) I would have to say this: if you're a fan of god sims or city building sims then you should definitely keep an eye on this game. With a few more updates I think it could easily become a mainstay of your gaming repertoire. With a full complement of content I feel that Retro-Pixel Castles could be something great."
,Recommended,328080,27593059,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Syzygy,"The game is really cool and highly addictive, the only problem is that it lacks a sort of clear indicator as to how well you're handling resource management until your peons are dying of hunger or are freezing to death. Additionally, once you hit around 500 people the game starts to lag heavily. The first 3 hours consist of learning how to play the game correctly and the last hour is trying to avoid doing things that slow down the computer too much until it can't continue."
76561198218334892,Recommended,328080,30953288,Posted: 4 April,all,dingo,"I enjoyed the first 30 hours of this game in a binge, struggling to learn the mechanics to stave off hunger or dehydration for my villagers, and defending the town from mobs.  Now surviving several winters, I am impressed with the engine feed/stock dynamics, the balancing a complex system as strategy feels satisfactory and time-pressured.  Losing track of many hours of the day is a sign of good enjoyment for this game.  The particle animations and amiga-like pixel art are also super and pleasing.Gameplay reminds of other games like the original Warcraft, dwarf fortress, command & conquer, castles, and simcity classic. All great titles!At this time, I'm not so sure that the ""late game"" -- cross-pollinating to more difficult territories -- will keep me interested to play much longer, as there isn't any kind of reward in sight. I am hopeful as an early access game that the end-game will become more compelling and rewarding at time of release.  Maybe by introduction of unique map features for each village, or some kind of overall crusading plot. I look forward to development updates and highly recommend this title."
,Recommended,328080,27773256,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Colonol Nutty,"These are some Pros/Cons I found in my 12 hours of playing (had to start over about 3 times until I got the hang of it), 1 full in game year was my final play through (Didn't die, just stopped playing)Pros:* The game is quite balanced, if you play it like a tower defense game* No limit to the number of walls, so you could build a maze if you want to* Weather mechanics that do things rather than just for visuals* Villagers aren't completely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥* You can help the villagers build things by dropping resources on buildings yourself* If a villager sees a floating rock they get confused* You can amass a golem armyCons:* Stone Slingers couldn't shoot over walls that other ranged weapons could (bullet, bow, fire)* The game lags quite a bit after playing the same map for awhile* The game lags with alot of things on screen at once (Could probably hide things off screen to save on resources)* Enemies like to ""wander"" into the village with a path from across the map, instead of only when they are ""wandering into the village""* Walls prevent you from building on the other side once closed off* Villagers only repair things inside your ""circle of influence"" leading to walls being destroyed that lie outside it* Stone walls can be damaged by fire and can be caught on fire, yet skeletons can't be caught on fire* When a villager sees an enemy, they sometimes run like babies* Skeletons are too spooky* Spectre's have insane amounts of health* Villagers can starve too easily if you don't build at least 5 farms at the start* Having to stockpile food for summer doesn't seem right* Villagers can ""overheat"" in the winter, while it's snowing* When the ""Problem Report"" states that one of your villagers is on fire, there is no easy way to find them and save them* Villagers can catch fire while in water* There is no Smite ability that you can use"
76561198065397153,Recommended,328080,27835957,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Desert-Fox,Watched horrified as my whole village was destroyed by monsters just because i forgot a hole in my wall.10/10 would kill whole village againjokes aside this is a great village manager/ god simulator. and i must say i looks gorgeus.
76561198028136434,Recommended,328080,30968974,Posted: 5 April,all,Crazed Heretic,Everything you would want from a God Game.  I have played Black and White for the last 15 years and this might finally end that.
76561198074019378,Recommended,328080,28043773,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,FranzXavier,"Survive a harsh world with only the strength of your settler’s backs, well not really.RPC has many layers to it. It manages to bridge game elements like god-like, tower defense and city-building and survival into one game and it does so with great finesse.To this day the game is not finished and this will have an impact on the amount of time one can enjoy playing it.Once you figure out how to survive and which strategy will make your village prosper the game does not provide more challenge. However this is surely something that will be tackled with additional content and from what I can gather the dev is devoted.Buy this game and have a moment of fun (it is certainly worth it)! Then wait to see what it will become. I have no doubt it will be great."
76561198053053652,Recommended,328080,24400635,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Tahald,I love this game even if it's in early access!If what you saw in the trailer interested you go for it it accurate (  you just build more wall than shown  and mostly only fight  at night)
76561198040767576,Recommended,328080,24918648,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Roboticus,"I rate RPC 722/1000. This game strikes a great balance between city-builder in the Banished-eque style (workers moving resources to construction sites) with an ever-more-challenging flood of zombies that your towers must dispatch. It is much more goal-centric than banished as you have to grow your village fast enough to build and maintain sufficient numbers of towers to defeat the growing horde of enemies. The road system is particularly good because the quality (speed) of the roads has a dramatic affect on worker productivity.The pixel-graphics were actually TOO pixely for me and it was often difficult to tell what the villagers were doing. More interactivity that let the user know what was happening in their world (statistics, graphs, better colored overlays) would have helped. The game needs to scale the difficulty up more from day 21 onwards. Once I passed 21, I could make it to 60 mostly afk.  Finally, the game desperately needs a speed setting (hence the afking) to allow the simulation to run and the difficutly to increase."
76561198030778092,Recommended,328080,25003697,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,valicove4,Great game so far i got it on sale definately worth the money in my opinion wasn't happy about how i lost my progress when it patched to a differant version but such is life
76561198024265719,Recommended,328080,25805754,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Lich King,"Now this is a game i like its very well made for whats there.the game is very and you can get alot of enjoyment out of itnow these are just my cons right now its just some small inconvances1. lag now this is probley just do to being unstable but the game is pretty laggy until you start building your castleand thats pretty much it the game is fun very and you can get some enjoyment out of itif i where to add anything to the game a better birth rate, a barraks so you can train gaurds instead of your villagers/defences defending and hopefuly this will come to a village vs village or castle vs castle pvp this i dont to much care about but it would be nice.over all as the game stands a 7/10 just from whats there alone when this game gets all its content it would easly be a 8-10/10 and probley one of the best sim castle building games out there"
76561197969715308,Recommended,328080,26354897,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Koje,I purchased this in sale for less than £4. Still in beta but fully playable and in my opinion fun (especially for the price). Essentially similar to a tower defence game but also with town building (settlers) and god powers (populous). The game has different modes but the base survival mode sees your settlement constanly attacked by monsters (more at night) so you have to balance keeping your people alive and happy (for god powers) vs building the town and defences. The pace of the game is quite fast and the monsters get stronger and more numerous seemingly with time. Your no.1 resourse is your people who if looked after and fed will breed and increase your population (lots will die to monsters though!) and also feed your god powers. It works well and the balance is good for such an early game. For the price give it a try if you like thse kinds of game.
76561198073370031,Recommended,328080,23810866,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,hungdonkey,"its fun and looks promising. can get boring, but its still early access."
,Recommended,328080,23849061,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Bob Faggot,"Just... just buy it. I dont even like these types of games, but its great. Everytime i looked at my computer clock, i went &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥its been 30 minutes? My village needs X and I cant leave them while being attacked at night!""Pro:Great musicGreat gameplayFair difficultyBeauuuutiful~ ArtCons:FINISH THE GAME SO I CAN DODGE MY HOMEWORK SOME MORE"
,Recommended,328080,23883152,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Kris,"Seemed like a lovely little game, but in the current Early Access state you quickly realize there are some flaws. Once work-stealing is implemented things might improve drastically. Anyway, there is a review by ""ZëL"" here that very accurately describes my thoughts on the game, so I won't repeat what they said. For $5 I had fun trying it out, but won't play it again until it releases in a ""final"" version; however, I can say that I am looking forward to revisiting this game in a year.Do I recommend this game at $10 in the current state? NO.Would I recommend this game at $5-10 in a year if it keeps improving? YES."
,Recommended,328080,24058708,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Mickyan,"Interesting take on the strategic city builder genre, with some elements of semi-permanent progression and managing of multiple villages aswell as some neat gameplay elements like magicDespite the early access state it looks very promising and already quite engaging as it is"
76561198032249754,Recommended,328080,24152091,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Skyforger,"Great game! Challenging enough in the right ways, can't wait for more content! :)"
76561198202245423,Recommended,328080,24056140,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,VetroTiger,"This game is a great time passer.Ive put roughly 30 hrs into this game at the moment, and i highly recommend. The game can seem a bit overwelming and confusing at first, but highly worth it. The price is low and probably because of the lack of contact. (understandably, because it is still in developpement). Once I strated playing this game i nver wanted to stop. The only thing That took some getting use to was the pixel graphics, but once you get over that and start playing the game for its content, It will leave you craving more. I hope in the future there will be more water based buildings, and an easier source of food.Over all i commend the developer(s) for this fantastic early access. I hope this game goes a long way. MUST BUY!"
76561198046375419,Recommended,328080,23870592,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Naked Fapping Man,"How may I put this. God simulator, prepare to cry edition. OR Pixel village manager 2014+2: I can't figure out how to winI cannot state how much I have fallen in love with this game. Starting out you're like, okay, pretty intuitive gameplay, build this build that, finish that building. Oh night time came, cool. Then Day 2 starts.Day 2 and onward, it's no longer a sandbox, it's a fight for survival. Do you build walls or do you build towers? Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ I forgot to build a bowery. RIP 4 villagers.  Then comes summer.Prepare to lose some people if you're trying to rebuild. Night time comes and you're like ""oh I'll be fine"" then the monsters come. LOTS of them.TL;DR: This game gives you false hope then rips the joy from your hands like a bully taking candy from a fat kid.11/10 would play god again"
,Recommended,328080,20737906,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Bones64,"I remember buying this game while it was on sale since it was an early access game, but after sinking about 22 hours I regret not being able to pay the full price so that I can support the dev. That being said there are various pros and cons with RPCPros:- Graphics: This is a more personally pro for me, but I love the graphics on this game. The retro style is easy on the eyes and it's not hard to differentiate various things. That being said, if you expect crazy graphics from this game, this ain't the game for you- Controls: The controls are very easy to learn and get used to. Granted, I would like more hotkeys for various buildings/spells but I'm sure that they'll be implemented later on. Nonetheless, the controls are easy to learn and master- UI: The information that you need are so easily presented/accessible that you can see whatever you want either immediately or with a few clicks- AI: Except for a few hicks, the AI is pretty solid. Your workers will prioritize the buildings without fail and your guards will defend as best as they can. There really hasn't been a point where I've raged because of silly AICons:- Long Term Playability: The only real problem that I have with RPC is the lack of content in the late game. Once you're able to get to the late game harvesting buildings, there's really nothing else to do. However, I see this as a short term problem as this game is early access and from what I can gather from the dev's plans, this issue may be resolved- Difficulty: Similar to the problem above, once you get to the late game there really isn't anything that can threaten you. Is it impossible to fail, no. In fact, if there is a huge wave of monsters, you can and will fail through either poor management of spells or poor AI. However, as stated before this is mostly short term as this is early access and could be fixed through variety or increase in difficultyOverall: RPC is a great game, its retro style graphics and simplistic menus can lead towards hours of enjoyable gameplay. However, the lack of late game buildings/progression as well as the lack of difficulty past the initial phase of gameplay does bring the game down a lot. There has been quite some times where I would be bored since there was no new goal for me to reach or no new threat for me to fear. However, if these issues were to be fixed, this game would be extremely enjoyable and challenging."
76561198168917398,Recommended,328080,21969098,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Codex,"amazing game been following this game for about a year and its been constantly worked on if your worried about the developer, cant wait to see this game finally finish. Also just to let you know i cant stress enough how hard winter is i lost like 50 villagers in one day!!"
,Recommended,328080,19261462,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Bradicus Prime,"EDIT: Changed review, dev has fixed a lot of bugginess, runs a lot better now and the AI is a lot better. Still needs game balancing and stuff like that, but you'll no longer want to kill yourself.Don't bother with the early access. The AI is buggy as hell, and the game is a resource ♥♥♥♥♥, uses waaaaaaay more than it should be. Pick it up at launch after it's been optimized and fine tuned, otherwise you'll be bashing your head into your keyboard.Addendum: Likes to crash my system, and somehow deleted itself."
,Recommended,328080,25432331,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Dingus Chief,"Yes I do recommend this game!Even in it's current state (early access, indev 21 as of 09.09.16), it has fun mechanics, a good portion of buildings, and a bunch of horrible ways to die. The retro pixel-style allows dying to look like a massacre, without grossing people out. The game can be downrigth brutal, as it left me ""Doom this world"" a good couple of times.Dear developer; I want more <3"
76561198066718659,Recommended,328080,21130006,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Lordawesome,Its a fun little build and defend game that can get quite hard if dont build defences in the first few days. Theres a small selection of buldings at the moment but i can easilly kill time. The current unstable build makes it way easier to play and get stuff built since everyone does their own job. There are a few crashes here and there but hey its a WIP.
,Recommended,328080,21196039,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Bicou,Really liked this one :) Updates are pretty consistent too and it managed to draw me in playing!Good pick!
,Recommended,328080,20593629,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Anticept,fun little simple pixel village management game
,Recommended,328080,25720506,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,ItBeAZombieYo,"Summary: If you enjoy dwarf fortress, city builders, or god sims this game may be for you.I saw it a while ago and thought it looked interesting so I put it on my wishlist. Got a notification telling me about the (current sale) price of 5 dollars. Thought why the hell not.I skipped over the tutorial video because I didn't feel like watching it, so I mostly learned from experimenting and reading the tool tips that would pop up. Certain game mechanics were pretty straight forward, others seemed to be slightly confusing or not explained very well.Easy to grasp: Trees make wood, you chop trees, you get wood.Confused for the first time playing: Farms make food, but you have to gather food to plant in them? First thought that the farms just made food so I wouldn't have to scavange what was on the map, but I realized I was mistaken when my villagers began starving to death.Another example of something not explained were the ""Ancient Radiance Pools"", which I had to google to figure out what they did and decided that I wanted to destroy them. Was it a good idea? Who knows, what they really do and their purpose still isn't 100% clear.But pretty much all of these things can be fixed or adjusted along the way because this IS an early access game. After a good five hours of playing I feel that my village is mostly complete. There are still things that I need to build or modify to make it feel complete, but I am not afraid of monster invasions, starving to death, or homelessness (However winter is coming...).Overall I have enjoyed what the game has to offer so far and will mostly continue to play it until I burn myself out on it and then pick it up when the next major patch is released. The dev says they will not charge for or release any support DLC for the game, but in this day and age I don't trust anyone anymore. None the less, I look forward to seeing how the game will develop. *And if you're reading this while it's on sale, five dollars is a pretty good deal for what is currently a fun and cute little god-sim-villager-building-RTS-defense game.*"
76561198062625093,Recommended,328080,25788359,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,hellohypo,"If you like dwarven fortress, this is a game you will like. Not as much complexity, but still hard enough that most things are challanging. Good luck surviving through the summer. YOU NEED LOTS OF FOOD! Also, people die it cant be helped.10/10 will make twenty farms to start"
76561198060014267,Recommended,328080,24242363,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Jaina,I love it!
,Recommended,328080,24613966,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Sir PaperSamurai,"Since game is still in a Early/Beta Process.What it needs.- Resource system- Limits how much you want to harvest (Wood, Stone. Crafting Materials of Wood Planks, Stone Slabs)- Mating On / Off Switch- New Jobs (Armorer, Mercenary, Researcher, Mages, Hunters and more. Since the villages have stats.)- New Buildings (Smithy, Research Tower, Academy and etc)- New Defensive Towers- Fishing from waters (Different food source)- Villagers could dip into the waters to cool down during Summer- Dried FoodThere's probably more from the back of my head. But I can't seem to think of it now. :/"
76561198242546108,Recommended,328080,24567059,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,ryanpeascna,"Well have only played a couple hours so far but seems like this is going to be a great game. The fun part that im loving about this game is that is an original city builder and it also has rpg elements mixed in. As you build your city and start to progress, mythical monsters will try to attack your city and villagers.A top priority must be placed on gathering food, as well as other supplies. then there are several options for you to utilize in defense of your city. You can surround with walls and towers to shoot down attacking creatures, and continue to watch it grow. i am loving the originality of this game, and i can definitely see myself enjoying this game for hundreds of hours. As the game progresses (developer is very active and responds to all comments and concerns in a very considerate manner) and more content is added, I can only imagine what a monster this game will become. So far, greatly enjoyable, and i have only touched the tip of the iceberg. This gsme is a must have for all city builder/rpg fans. I have always loved city builders, and this one is in a class of its own. I can not wait to see what more comes to this game!"
,Recommended,328080,24605304,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Psiursus,"Definatly has potential, but right now kind of a bore.The spell system in the game is pretty weird and i'm not really sure what i'm supposed to be doing. But I built a town, so it's already better than towns."
76561198006997690,Recommended,328080,24624066,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,carlilelance,"Pros:-highly addictive-graphics don't detract from gameplay-cool world building aspectsCons:-too busy surviving to make cool castles-needs better indicators of what is wrong with your village-balance issues, but slowly being resolved"
76561198046316046,Recommended,328080,24596532,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Tigerthefirst,"This game is pretty awesomeFor a game that is in early acess, it is the most stable early acess game I've ever played.Pretty darn fun, you have to manage a town, keep people happy and kill waves of enemies, fend off harsh weather, manage resources.Than if you thrive on one of the many places on the map you can transfer stuuf over into another world.Is it hard? Most of my towns vanished at day 9 (its pretty damn hard)Overall really fun game, may take a while to get used to but well worth it.8.5/10"
,Recommended,328080,24660456,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,whitehair250,"i really like this game! it has huge potential, and the upcoming features are sure to massively build upon its core dynamic. i must admit, though, the amount of food villagers need during summer and winter is crazy. to suppliment that, about one half of my workers are farmers. make sure to build a TON of food storage units. also a little tip- you can control your population by taking and dropping people of the same gender into the cullis gates! with my population being 95% female, it is much easier to control population growth."
76561198215952952,Recommended,328080,24546433,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Apollo,10/10 would rage again
,Recommended,328080,24568667,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,FakerFangirl,"Excellent replay value. Purchase was totally worth! I recommend this to fans of Dwarf Fortress, Screeps, and Massive Encounter. This game truly is a genre-blender with a steep, rewarding learning-curve! Am looking-forward to the tech-tree."
76561198098798894,Recommended,328080,28280484,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,jjjspenard,"I think this is the perfection of two great genres. Tower defence, and down building. No more of those damn facebook games where it takes you 16 days to upgrade! No more impossible TD levels! make your kingdom and watch the monsters burn by your hand. Would reccomend to anyone especially those who are looking for a unexpencive casual game. Im on day 14 How far can you get?!"
76561198003681958,Recommended,328080,28245169,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,FurryBalls,"Pretty good game.And most honoroble part, this game REALLY in developing.I beat this game in 14-16 hours but i know what after few patches i get almost new game for same money.At this point game already playable."
76561198110042524,Recommended,328080,28249928,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,a Crazed Wizard,"It's a hard game, it's designed that way. You play and die, then play again, and die again. Each time getting a little further than you did before.Its still in EA, alot of changes are bound to happen. I feel the updates are balanced and fair (in the light of a really difficult enjoyable game).Very active and interactive devs.I enjoy good perma-death type games, Overall, A++ experience."
,Recommended,328080,28306610,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,ill.oOminated,"...to all those people claiming the AI was oh so stupid and how hard it is to not be overrun within the first ten days... Learn to use your godly powers! Use your grab ""tool"" to split enemies between your towers, have towers within range of each other so at least two can always attack an enemy close to them... and use your fire blast to wipe out all the spawning graveyards and slime pools.I've got 15 hrs of Retro-Pixel Castles on my clock now and I start feeling like having seen most of what's currently in the game. What's there is polished, except for graphic hiccups whenever it autosaves (whole screen semi-jumps to a different position on the map and back within 100ms). It's great fun actually, even though it took me one failed attempt to realise that you need about three times the farms you have people to assign to (1 farm gives 4 farmer slots - if you have 12 farmers, though, you'd better have 8-12 farms to keep them actually busy (and to make enough food for summer/winter during spring/fall)).PROs:+ retro graphics that I personally really like+ mostly decent working AI (sometimes people ""forget"" their current task when becoming hungry and eating - but that might be intentional)+ cool mix of RTS/TD/Dwarf Fortress+ constant energy dilemma (do I fend off enemies with it or help my people to flourish?)CONs:- short but very noticable graphics glitch on every autosave (see above)I think, content-wise, this game has tons of potential and if devs hold on to it, this could become a remarkably entertaining new sub-genre! I'll definitely come back in a few months and see how it developed."
,Recommended,328080,28413742,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,War Daddy,"This is like a small scale Black & White, excluding the giant demigod creature you can have. Easy to pick up but gets challenging towards late game. It'll definitely keep you on your toes. I'm excited to see what other features will be added later on."
76561198026619840,Recommended,328080,31942701,Posted: 24 May,all,Merluca Kitsokami,"Rise to Ruins is a pretty tought out but still not finished mix of town management and a tower defense that is easy to get into and has satisfying progression throughout. Starting with a small village, barely surviving it, and then building an impenetrable and thriving city with advanced technology is an enjoyablechallange each game. The game is well worth $10.My Toughts otherwise1.That you cant expanding your town across the entire map is nice, cause you need to think more abbout the stuff you build, and there's always enemies to fight on the map.2. A problem on my part is, if you have lots of people dying/joining, you get kinda overwhelmed with the massages in the middle of the screen. I woud like an option to move them somehwere else, so i can focus on the main Village to deal with the problem thats causing it.3.The Dev is a nice guy that listens to his community and helps them if something isnt working right, and he gladly accepts thoughts of people that think, that there is something the game coud profit of, like some features he didnt think of.What I'd like to see (don't know what the dev is planning):1. Simple army management, so the player can occasionally send an excursion against the enemy camps, to reduce their ever increasing numbers.2. More Quality of life improvments like upgrading all of your roads at once, cause it gets a hassle to improve a lot of road..3. More Events and ways to deal with them, and better explanation of what upgrades do, sometimes you feel like you miss important information.4.Its allways abbout the Iron, cause i think Lategame you just cant supply your village with enough of it, cause they burn trough it faster then you can dig it out."
76561198216157852,Recommended,328080,31851245,Posted: 19 May,all,firefly0678,"Still needs a lot of work (espcially in balancing difficulty) before this should be considered a ful/finishedl game. If you are an experienced RTS/TD player that is willing to support a dedicated developer as their game grows, buy this game."
76561198039709014,Recommended,328080,24614021,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Bombr,"I like this game, so Im probably masochist or something. :)Im not going to recommend this.It is extremely unforgiving, especially for new players, almost unplayable without watching some tutorials. If you start wrong you basicaly lose in 3 days.Units AI is not very good, witch makes your life easier, while defending, but not so easy, when your villager travels half map away, to take carrot you picked manually 3 seconds after the villager departed or when he is boiled alive, while working, because cool down in his house for while, is way too much effort.It runs on Java. If you try using spells in short succession its going to lag your game for about 10 seconds every time. Java is garbage and only reason, it still exist is minecraft.With settings: survival (very difficult so far), peaceful (no monsters) and creative, it is game for limited audience.1. EditGame actually improved over time, that is really nice change, in early access world of steam, we now live in.New difficulties added, made it even accessible to everyone and a lot of problems i had, like horrible lags, are gone.Its nice change, to have developer, who knows, what he is doing. Good job."
,Recommended,328080,28607296,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,BeasterBunny,this game is great. I keep coming back to it and playing more
76561198109742358,Recommended,328080,28931693,Posted: 1 January,all,rayoflight21,"Been playing this game for over 60 hours now and I can't seem to get enough of this retro style survival game. I think that the AI of the Villagers could be improved, and I hope to see some improvements in the efficiency catagory of the construction of buildings. Farms are close to useless, I usually just keep a large patch of free growing vegtables nearby due to the fact that your regrowth ability produces crops much more efficiently than farms. I also hope to see some new buildings and maybe even a much cheaper ability to help slay single mobs for early game development. I think that some mobs like the skeleton should undergo some nerfs, I think that the speed and tankiness are to powerful a combination for something as fragile as a skeleton. I think if you switched the health stats of the headless entity and the skeleton you would be just fine. I think that I should be able to have some sort of Barrack type building to order a specific amount of villagers to guard the village at all costs. And I would also like to be able to order units to go on conquests to attack enemy bases because having to use the fireball seems to prove ineffective when the enemy bases start spawning in mass numbers. All in all I absolutly love this game and the only reason it is good is because it has so much potential."
76561198045110173,Recommended,328080,28682647,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Wick220,"The game itself is excellent.  I like the UI, the graphics are great etc. etc.  However, please, developer, can you add a difficulty slider to survival?  Zombies (which you can't really tell apart from your own guys) come strolling in with 700 hp which takes 12 villagers 3 minutes to kill.  SUPER ANNOYING.  There's no slow buildup.  All of a sudden bam take these monsters in the face on day 2.  Can we start with just a few slimes/headless here and there, maybe on day 4 introduce the zombies?  It's near impossible to have any towers out before day 2. I HATE, HATE having guys die but no matter I do I can't save them, those poor ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.  I want to play survival because I WANT the monster attacks, but it's just too much.  OR keep it the way it is but reduce the zombie HP.  I don't, something.  I really like the game but the monsters are laid on too thick.  I'm still going to recommend the game, because overall it's very well designed and the gameplay is great, but please keep in mind the monster difficulty/build up.  It seems out of proportion - too strong, too fast.Another thing, at the moment I'm on day 22 about 90 colonists.  I have nine stone combobulators to help with defence, they work fine, they're way off to the side.  I built an essence collector and a fire tower but neither of them do anything, neither of them have collected a single essence.  They are right in the middle of the main battlefield with essence swirling all around them.  I watched, they get nothing.  Still enjoying the game."
,Recommended,328080,28926806,Posted: 1 January,all,Eppiox,"This game is not easy, also you're meant to die- which imo takes out the fun, I'm the type that wants to beat something.  At first I thought there was a way to survive- but let it be clear- the 'survival' part in the title should really be the 'delayed death'.  That is unless you figure out some sneaky tricks and tie them all together! Then you're in for an intense long haul fight against the ever expanding horde of monsters.In it's current state you can slowly fight the horde back during the day and defend up at night.Pros:- Good music- Nice visuals (They are really consistant and totally retro :)- Fun mechanics- Interesting weather cycle- Good options(Settings) for the game- Active development and a friendly dev--- (If development stopped for the game I would still be happy with what I paid, but this means more content down the road, so win win!)Cons:- Difficulty curve at first can be very hard (you die you learn, do better)- Some villagers love to dive into death to finish a building or collect wood (Would be nice to create a 'no go zones'  or something similar in one for or another)- Only one latest save file- (can't try out different things by reloading unless you copy your folders around manually) not a fan.- If things get REAL BUSY like 1000+ things going on you will take an FPS hit, but for most of the game fps is smooth, you'll only encounter this if you have lasted a very long time.Old review:This game looks like fun and I read and watched enough to figure that I will give it a try, however without going to an external resource to learn how to play you will not be getting very far unless you stick through it and figure it out on your own.Until the game improves on teaching the player how to play  - and not via an external resource like wiki, my review will remain negative (which I can see is in the works so most likely this review will become positive in the future).In its current state I started a game, read the tool tips tried to build some things but ran out of wood, ok tried again- same scenario, clicked around, tried destroying terrain, they still don’t harvest.  Perhaps it’s something obvious, if it is I couldn’t find it and as I refuse to go to an external resource this means I won’t be playing.I’ll come back to this game in a few months and review.In the short time I played some issues:Changing to full screen added an odd border- the main menu remained in the top left without expanding, bricks added on the sides unevenly.Game screen flickered, looked like the main menu appeared over the game for 1 or 2 frames, happened 6 times in the 20 minutes I played, this was enough for me to not play even if I knew how.Main title screen music was not playing correctly, some channels kept cutting out, reloading fixed it- then they cut out again.Lightning on the title screen makes a weird noise but the thunder sounds right, not sure if that was intended.This review will most likely change as the game does.Edit: GaH the icons are on the bottom left, but are tiny.  The UI might need tweaking, like navigating through buildings is fiddely."
76561197971047170,Recommended,328080,29024457,Posted: 4 January,all,Nuke Knight,Can be tedious at first my first two hours were a bit rough as I was slowly learning. Once I figured out the mechanics of the game I have not been able to stop playing. Build shelters for your people or they wil freeze and over heat to death. Save Nomads from monsters to boost your needed population. build farms and use god powers to grow crops so your people don't starve. Use Golems and towers to fend off monster invasions while being offensive and useing fireballs to destroy monster spawners. Build roads in your city to your defences for faster foot travel don't forget your defensive towers don't grow their own monster slaying bolts. It's a great addicting game yes it looks simple in graphics but it adds to the fun of the game. The Biggest plus is the game is still going to get better the developer puts lots of love in to this game and seems like a good chap always responding to people on the forums and sharing their ideas of what is in store for the future.
76561198014403206,Recommended,328080,24147204,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Steeeeeeve,Amazingly fun game.  Build a small town and defend it!
,Recommended,328080,24097470,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Shiria13,The best god game I've found since Black and White
,Recommended,328080,24149908,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,metagrue,Imagine if Dwarf Fortress was a Tower Defense. It's alright.
,Recommended,328080,23558854,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,mastice,"Thumbs up for concept and game direction.  I wish I could play more but at this time I am unable unless the UI is addressed.  (future update?)  The UI icons, menus, text, and overall style is entirely too small to play long periods of time for people with moderate to poor vision.  Perhaps if you sat with your nose to your computer screen it would be better or perhaps I just haven't found a workaround yet.  But as it stands right now they are just too small on a 1920x1080 display screen."
,Recommended,328080,23800088,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,TryCatchFinally,"this is a good cross of city building, god-like features, and resource management, recommended even in EAreally solid for EA (and running on mac): reminds me of early prison architect or early craft the world - the core features are there but missing some content/options/growth - and this is updated weekly which is awesomeclosest analogy is probably gnomoria but in 2d: gnomoria is more complex (3d) and has more content/options/buildings but it's more buggy and fiddly (building mines is a huge pain)i'm looking forward to more buildings/tech, more keyboard shortcuts (use both arrows and wasd would be nice), and maybe some zooming/scaling UI support"
76561198268621010,Recommended,328080,31113638,Posted: 13 April,all,Clio_ryder_UK,GREAT GAME WELL WORTH THE PRICE! even better on offer!
76561197977362734,Recommended,328080,25369078,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,warcraftyoda,"Edit- Changed from not recommend to recommend.The developer reached out to me to help me understand where I was going wrong with food.  Please read the comments if your having similar issues.Food production is counter intuitive, if you build more farms it takes away from your current food stores.  Avoid building farms outside of early spring or your village will face starvation and death.  I'm still not a fan of the food system, but once the food issue was resolved the game became fun again.It's nice to see a developer reach out to its users!"
76561198043240697,Recommended,328080,31134050,Posted: 14 April,all,~Aries~,Best game I have played in a long time.
76561197998096568,Recommended,328080,31126548,Posted: 13 April,all,Leonard✌d'Moogle,"The creator of this game likes to read his own reviews, so I just want to say, Hello Ray!That said, this early access game is shaping up to be fantastic.  It's a city builder with tower defence in the vein of Gnomoria, and while the learning curve can be a bit steep, it's actually pretty easy once you get the hang of it.  The lack of late game difficulty is probably due to its status of early access, but there are new features every few weeks so it's only a matter of time.Thumbs up, highly recommended."
76561197978222857,Recommended,328080,31137285,Posted: 14 April,all,GronkJuice,"This game is basicly if Dwarf Fortress and Populous had a child.The concept is great, the ability to cross over to new maps with resources from preious maps is great too.Best part of the casual side of things is the simplicity of the management.you only need to assign and build buildings they will do the tasks on their own.  I do however wish I could set caps in either the storage locations or globaly.  where you can say, only make/store a total of 100 Logs ect.  yet to no advailCombat is pathedic,  worst part of the game in my option.  as yes it is satisfying to make that turret defense maze, yet when you need to expand you have to remake it, or expand in a way that just adds to the ""whole night to attack one tower"" size of maze.  Lastly I do wish they had some kind of water buildings, like fishing.  that would make maps with larger water locations usefull. and would make it so that you wouldn't just wall off all large water locations in fear of monsters not going to your kill maze.In the end this game is good, and can be great with a little more pollish.  keep up the good work."
,Recommended,328080,32449850,Posted: 15 June,all,codymp10,The game is fun.  However there isnt any kind of tutrial but htere are some hints.  But the hints dont help a ton.  It is a good game and i do recommend it but u should watch a tutorial on youtube first.
76561197961823310,Recommended,328080,32484055,Posted: 16 June,all,Casaubon,"The UI might be little intuitive but it´s a great and very addicting game.Think ofBanishedand a tower defense game had an offspring. Very good update policy, the single developer is a true hero and gets things done.And it´s dangerous, once you start playing you might wake up at 4am from your screen daze and realize all the hours your brain was held captive. Knowing that does not prevent it from happening. You have been warned..."
,Recommended,328080,32600531,Posted: 20 June,all,GainGrenade,"Refreshing, fun, and terribly addictive. 30 hours in, and I still can't get enough. So many different scenarios, and every playthrough I get better and have more fun being creative with my strategy. Fairly deep gameplay and mechanics, and a ton of charm with the art and soundtrack. I can't believe there is only one person making this game; I'm totally impressed and very happy that he is still hard at work with updates. I would happily pay double for this game."
76561198008984856,Recommended,328080,32416123,Posted: 14 June,all,Big Mike,"Reminds me of populous / Rimworld cross, You can see the creator of the game has a passion for it and i will support him with a buy :)"
76561197970179466,Recommended,328080,32421405,Posted: 14 June,all,Dodge_This,"Game has great 'retro' pixel graphics and a decent gameplay (not unique though). However, I do not think this  game allows a multitude of ways to play it. There is a very fixed, linear selection of buildings with maybe minor deviations to few buildings in between.For the amount of resources that get harvested it felt like it was trying to be gnomoria and failed at it. There is a good effort to make this game polished -- but some might find it rather lacking in replay value if you figured out the sequence of buildings you would want.e.g. after camp Tent(x4)>Lumber Jack>Mine>Farm>Water source>UPGRADES>Tents>refinements>storage>towers>weapons>towers>rinse repeat. I doubt there is any major deviation from this.Some mechanics that bothered me -- even on assigning the priorities to the building it did not feel like it was being prioritizedKudos to the dev. Game is not for me but can see the potential -- don't want to downvote. I don't see replay value as many do in this game -- its pretty linear in my opinion (and slow) which I am sure Dev will add a fast forward button some point in future updates. The village control needs to be tighter -- Dev should make the choice whether he wants this game to be a GOD game or an RTS."
,Recommended,328080,32425856,Posted: 14 June,all,Maestroke,Similar to Gnomoria but with it's own little spin on things. There is no pausing to build or do actions so you'll have to be very fast. Still missing some features due to the InDev nature of the game but it is still enjoyable to play. There appears to be no mining up or down as far as I can tell but that makes the game a lot simpler.9/10
76561197970545133,Recommended,328080,32390127,Posted: 13 June,all,Phooferbar,"Finally, a city builder with an actual threat of defeat. Too many have the usual ""just dont run out of food"" types of conditions."
,Recommended,328080,32651470,Posted: 22 June,all,{MG} PixelDonkey,The dev is highly active and the game is constantly being developed. Buy it!
76561198032944233,Recommended,328080,32629186,Posted: 21 June,all,Kat,I am hooked. So glad I spent the $$$ on this game- well worth it even though it is EA. My hours played should speak for itself!
,Recommended,328080,32791587,Posted: 25 June,all,nutto,"One of the few early access games I don't regret buying. Great little game with a good amount of depth, difficulty and freedom that feels fun as hell to play. It feels like a simplified version of dwarf fortress with added god elements that give you a feeling of power outside of just telling your town roughly what to do. Would recommend this game to anyone, even at non sale price."
,Recommended,328080,32724887,Posted: 24 June,all,Binach666,"Didnt really know what to expect when i first purchased this game, but i must say i have fallen in love with itThe majority of my hours played have actually been me passing out from staying up late and playing, still havent lost yet which is weird from what ive seen but i love this game without a doubt"
,Recommended,328080,32780490,Posted: 25 June,all,Tiberiumkyle,"Great for relaxing gaming sessions, even if you lose, in part cause of the music :D"
76561198381613857,Recommended,328080,32971017,Posted: 28 June,all,philinavi,"Seriously addicting! I was looking for a game similar to ""Banished"" for my Mac and ddecided on this one and I am not disappointed and I might even like it better. I love how you have access to the whole world and can trade between regions. The characters have a suprising amount of personallity for such a small game and OMG the names."
76561197976725880,Recommended,328080,33004255,Posted: 29 June,all,☠ Kereg ☠,"With a steep leraning curve, this is a very fun village game. Love it and happy I got it to run on my Linux'd out chromebook. Look forward to the updates and happily support this game and the future!Also, I really like the names that randomly join my village. Always fun to see who pops up next.Great job and keep it up."
,Recommended,328080,28755187,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Tommyaka - Zzz,"TL;DR - This game is a perfect catch, especially on sale! The mechanics and gameplay is wonderful and you can play for hours on end.This game is still being constantly worked on but my God it is one of the best games I have played. You play and put hours of work into building your own colony but all of a sudden it  falls to ruins because monsters have overrun your poor people. But that doesn't stop you, that inspires you to play even more!The only real issue I have with this game is I have an issue where every so often the game will freeze for a second, it's not dramatic but it is quite annoying and I hope that this is fixed soon! If I really wanted to complain aout something else well I guess Steam Trading Cards would be nice for this game so badges could be built, this makes the game feel a bit oudated in some aspects."
,Recommended,328080,28837980,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,ZipEout,"First of all, thanks for this amazing game. The soundtrack is incredible and the gameplay is here.I never raged so much on my life for a game then came back to it like it was the first time i play.I recommend this game if you are a F*cking hardcore survival manager because this... this is beyond everything you ever played... I play RimWorld but this is sandbox compared to RPC.Give it a try.PS: Note to the dev - Make the waves less... impossible to defend... i nearly arrived to winter when the White Walkers are already on me.PS2: Probably on BugTracker but Slingshot can't shoot behind walls?? It would make the base much easier to defend."
76561198111960937,Recommended,328080,29217056,Posted: 12 January,all,Mythril Boomstick,"A very good god-like game thats great to play while listening to podcasts or music. I feel the game play is somewhere between Dwarf Fortress, Populous(If you remember that), and early parts of a Civilization game. True to what the dev has promissed it adds more and more every update with no plans of stoping. If you're looking for something pass the time or to get a little nostalgia going I would recomend Retro-Pixel Castle or as it may soon be known Rise To Ruins."
,Recommended,328080,31068257,Posted: 10 April,all,Darknessking05,"Love it! at established stonghold! i really reccomend this game to anybody who likes those god sims. i love it because of the retro feel. although let's be honest. it isn't too original, but it's still a great game."
,Recommended,328080,31067077,Posted: 10 April,all,Makkar0nii,"I've decided to give this game a review and this will be my first review.Other than that, the developer read the comments which is good!This game is quite good, it is doing what it does in the description.Since nobody likes a huge description about this review!I'll settle this review with the Pros and ConsPros:1.It is fun.2.It looks good.3.It can be quite challenging which adds the fun.4.A lot of replayability until you have a successful village or your village gets destroyed.5.You can create your own map.6.You can play other people's map.7.Good music (If you don't like them, you can just mute it!)8.I have not encounter any bug so far.It looks like the game is going to have more updates (May change if something were to happen)Cons:1.After you play numerous times, you will feel bored.However this is the type of game that you will come back and play when there is a new update or you are just plain bored!If you are the kind of person who is impatient.This Is'nt The Game For You!Whether you bought it for full price or discounted price. It doesn't matter to me as i bought the game due to the reason.I was on a ""Looking for god-game spree"" or ""Survival kingdom simulator"" and i gave this game a shot.And it is fun being God."
,Recommended,328080,29196315,Posted: 11 January,all,Sulo,"This game combines RTS, tower defence, and godlike very well.  While I'm a casual gamer when it comes to games like this, and the difficulty ramps up a bit much for the one setting that has enemy mobs in it for me, I can wholeheartedly recommened this game.  It's totes worth supporting the very active and responsive dev.  Current, early access state is 7/10 (because I'm looking at the potential this game has, its not even close to being what it could) and can't wait to see what it becomes.Oh, and soundtrack is 10/10.  Good stuff."
,Recommended,328080,29290549,Posted: 15 January,all,Quantum Kitten,"Rise to Ruins (Previously Retro Pixel Castles) captured my attention for quite a few years, I finally got a job and purchased it and found it to be really fun! Cute soundtrack, great gameplay, highly replayable, very diverse, and most importantly a great developer who is constantly speaking with the community and is very active on his twitter, which I recommend following him on!"
,Recommended,328080,29291874,Posted: 16 January,all,Nyx,I have barely played this game but it is a good game the dev is active and updates are freguent enuff plus with the new name is so so much better this game may not be my cup of tea but it good. Good enuff that I bought it for a friend who plays these types of games
76561198218250556,Recommended,328080,31057402,Posted: 10 April,all,Badger,"great game can,t wait for more updates"
76561198036679885,Recommended,328080,31080616,Posted: 11 April,all,Konnyda1,Very clever combined settler and tower defense game. Just enough strategy to not put you off enjoying the game if you dislike strategy like I do. I enjoy playing it very much.
,Recommended,328080,31173395,Posted: 16 April,all,cDn[]Dsyc[]-[]o,"This game is damn good. Hard too, I love it."
,Recommended,328080,31170882,Posted: 15 April,all,Stormshado,"God-Minecraft-TD-Settler game. Played 6 hours in the first session, so already got my money's worth.Think I bought at the right time in the dev cycle, with defenses and water just implemented and the single-player experience fleshed out enough for a few runs. Solo dev is communicative and polite.Will add this to the 'early-release to play once a month until they are done' list, with Factorio and 7dtd."
76561198020130676,Recommended,328080,27887507,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,matt,Had issues getting the game to load.  But the developer seems approachable and willing to help.  havnt actually played the game yet. but it looks good and is well supported
76561197996762492,Recommended,328080,28441862,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Gott,"This game has issue, but the developer seems actually concerned and addresses them. The game can be fun, but dont keep trying the same area if you are having issues. Once I stopped trying the area I kept having issues with I did not have any more issues."
76561198121314848,Recommended,328080,33568863,Posted: 15 July,all,gemont989,"Fantastic world building game! I was wary of getting this game because it's still in early access, but it's fantastic quality as it is and is frequently updated. Varying game modes make it playable for all different kinds of players for long periods of time, and the gamemaker is super passionate and kind. Definitely recommend!"
76561198025376643,Recommended,328080,29950939,Posted: 15 February,all,Little Phoenix,"Okay so here is the deal, originally I downloaded this game and played it on a low tech computer.  If like me you have such a computer, prepare for disappointment, as the game isn't for any computer whose top ram is 4gb.On a more modernmachine its a lot better, I have 12gb  of ram and its smooth.The difference in performance actally is notable as it spoils things when you can't get far fast.  The game is unenjoyable this way due to lag.  For this reason I throughally recommend you obide to the ""recommended"" specs for this game, as its a significant impact on the game itself.I honestly have not much else to say... The game dev earnt a lot of respect from me as they talked to me when I posted a bad review and tried to offer what help they could.  In the entire time on steam I've spent this is only the second time a dev has directly spoken to me and the most significant effort to do so.  Even if its not true, the game dev gave a good impression.So even if you didn't like this game, you are supporting a cool dev."
,Recommended,328080,17624625,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,royalmage7,Switching my review :)Dev has done alot with this game :) Well done.
76561198065348270,Recommended,328080,33477046,Posted: 12 July,all,Vulgar_Smurf,"I bought this game 3 days ago, still have yet to close it. Although the closest thing i can compare this game to is Banished this game is waaaaay better!! 10/10 a few things could be added like a way to make some villagers in a sqaud to hunt monsters down so you can expand into other parts, gets hard to do that while only doing so much damage with the earthquake and then waiting to be able to summon even 1 golem. All the buildings are normally repaired by then. Besides that add the tech tree and this game would be a great seller!! 10/10 Recommend"
,Recommended,328080,33501597,Posted: 13 July,all,Fre_d,"This game is lovely. At first it may seem a bit overwhelmingly complicated to play, but you get used to the mechanics surprisingly fast. This is made easier by the excellent video tutorials by FallenShogun from the main menu.The game features beautiful graphics for a 2D game and also offers an excellent soundtrack. The developer is actively developing the game and likes to share his passion with us on Twitch, Twitter and Discord. The only thing that really nags me about the game is that the enemy spawners seem too powerful later in the game."
76561198205730296,Recommended,328080,33545026,Posted: 14 July,all,Ghostknight,"Great game, so much fun!!! Love the progression leveling, challenges you to keep progressing.Really keeps you on your toes.Keep up the great work over at SixtyGig Games!And a special thanks to dev Raymond Doerr(Rayvolution) for the personal help troubleshooting and getting the game running again (nvidia's update screwed up shadow play's compatibility)."
,Recommended,328080,33902734,Posted: 30 July,all,DrOreo002,"Good game, nice graphic. Kinda hard to understand if you're new to this game. But well its still good.9/10"
,Recommended,328080,33849724,Posted: 27 July,all,The Degenerate,"A great game that is always a joy to come back to.It's a village/city management that also has God Sim elements to it. You don't really need to worry about each person, and it's more about aiding the masses with food, water, protection, etc. You can dictate how the buildings will go, where they will go, what to focus on, etc.Beyond fun to play when you have a few hours to kill. If I can be honest, I have more fun starting over from scratch than continuing on my previous build.This is one of the better, if not the best example for a 'Early Access' title. I hope the devs continue to work off of this game, and make it even better than it is now! Easily worth the money if you love management and city-sim games!"
76561198128857692,Recommended,328080,34567823,Posted: 28 August,all,Satanic weasel,"Updated out of my processing powers and extremly hard with constantly expanding worries. Good luck, it's worth an afternoon."
76561197965025245,Recommended,328080,34451163,Posted: 23 August,all,Boab,Like it so far and despite being an Early access game it looks very polished and looks to be the kinda game you'd sink hours into.The only thing that I'd say is that the build menu could be made easier to navigate ( like right clicking an item on the building menu takes you away from sub menu ) but it's a minor quality of life thing. Other than that seems to have good depth and feels good to play.I look forward to playing more and will update my review later.
76561198111020082,Recommended,328080,34520636,Posted: 26 August,all,Master Turd Blaster,"$2.50 during the steam sale. This game is probably the most fun I've ever gotten out of $2.50. Although it is welllllllll worth $10. My favoritve way to play is to make a custom difficulty map using the nightmare settings but making it so there are notmonster spawns for the first few days then I can play it very tower defensy rather than RTSy. Play it your way! Also, the dev is very active and communitive."
76561198110148412,Recommended,328080,22537738,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,gashbash,"This game used to be called Retro pixel castle simulator. (if i remember correctly.) Glad the dev(s?) changed it though and went for this approach as the updates are a bit closer then when it was retro pixel castle, this also has a lot more to do aswell. Try going all the way to the right on the scroller and thats what it looked like when i first got it... never realy knew how to play but still kept it as whats the worst that could happen if i let it sit there? maybe it wouldn't get updated. but seeing as how it did get updated, and that i played this for about 5 hours before realizing wait it might be early morning... well lets just say i think this game is pretty cool so i'd recommend it.Don't care if this is helpful either because it's not trying to be this review is just to throw my 2 cents in."
76561197989222727,Recommended,328080,34072820,Posted: 6 August,all,Le Mef,"Very impressive and complete game. It is still evolving. It feels like what a base building game should be about: Building placement, efficiency, ressources, workers, management... and then it surprises you with some great TD mechanics, some rpg elements and being a god sim of some kind I like being able to teleport villagers through my realm.Usually I feel like god-sims miss the point by being too sandboxy or not challenging enough.. but this here has a great balance of having to intervene and just letting your village go.Plus the different difficulty levels give this game different flavors depending on the mood you are in."
,Recommended,328080,34316404,Posted: 17 August,all,PureSoulReaper,"Learning curve seems pretty steep, but gameplay seems awesome! Asked a basic question on the forums, and the dev himself replied with an answer, within ten minutes. Well worth the price!"
76561198030965719,Recommended,328080,34316126,Posted: 17 August,all,NerdyVampire,"It is an intimidating game for new players at this stage for sure, but once you've played a bit (and failed) you will appreciate the depth and devotion that has gone into making this game. This is early access, and the focus right now isn't to make it easier, but to develop awesome features and create the beautiful artwork.Have you played complex games before, then this should be no problem. In fact, you should simply accept it as a challenge to your gaming abilities. It is stimulating, enjoyable and addictive. But you have to put in the effort. It is worth the effort."
76561198088758573,Recommended,328080,34323880,Posted: 18 August,all,NightWolf062,Awesome game.   Can't stop playing it.  Always innovating my base constantly throughtout a game.  It's a fun strategy god game with base building and TD.  The god aspect I like cause you don't have to micro manage so much and they'll just your little guys you tell what to do and they do all the rest.  God powers are important to use strategically to keep your resources going; especially in the long game.  But there are plenty other powers for multiple uses.  It takes a lot of thought to make a successful base and I enjoy it.  Dev is constantly active through updates and even in the forums.   The hours go by while I play this game.  It's almost 5 in the morning and I don't if I should sleep or keep playing.  Buy this game.
,Recommended,328080,21937359,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,CommandoX55,"Great Game, Great Potential. One to keep an eye on."
76561198018229863,Recommended,328080,34336157,Posted: 18 August,all,LT. Thadeu,"This is a god simulator, villager manager, survival, tower defense and city builder all in one.It's simple from the looks of it, but the simulations and mechanics play very well.If you liked games like Banished, Stardew Valley, Black and White, and Cities Skylines like I did and also love pixel art, this is the game for you.The music is really fitting, and it was all made by one guy that answers everybody on the forum.Developer of the year, trust me."
76561198027686070,Recommended,328080,34390649,Posted: 21 August,all,kerlyssa,"I don't even like pixel type art, but the gameplay more than makes up for it. Currently stable(as of ten or so hours) and sufficient content to get a lot of play time out of."
76561198272988962,Recommended,328080,34382111,Posted: 20 August,all,Fireninja228,best city builder game ive ever played
,Recommended,328080,34619427,Posted: 30 August,all,crystalfire808,"I would like to start off by saying that this game would be worth buying even if it was two or three times the cost. Games like these are why I love supporting indie developers.The game itself is a very simple godlike village manager that has an insanely addictive tower defense feel, especially since the latest updates. I won't bore with any additional details; for $10 (on sale for $5 right now!?) just buy it and see for yourself!The bottom line: for an early-access game, these is potential for many hours of addictive gameplay, and the developer is very active in responding to community feedback and providing updates.10/10 would give up two Starbucks coffees to purchase again."
76561198348899055,Recommended,328080,34617884,Posted: 30 August,all,Xerox9xx6,dope
,Recommended,328080,34634257,Posted: 31 August,all,⎛⎝Aarki⎠⎞,"If you like games in the style of Dwarf Fortress, Black&White or Populous, this will be perfect for you.The possibility to directly interact with the world, pick up enemies and throw them into a divine smoothie maker is just one aspect of it. You could also syphon magic energy from your castle's mana generators to conjure rain, keeping your followers' crops from dying in the summer heat, or simply teleport resources around to help with building efforts.Then there's the mouldable landscape that changes as forests are cut down and regrow, mountains are strip-mined away and resurface in massive earthquakes, and disasters like blood moon (it does literally rain blood) that will keep you on your toes. Feeding an ever-increasing population that also requires housing, water and protection from the elements and monsters is another thing on your list, so be prepared for a bit of a learning curve.As for stability and bugs, as long as you stick to the stable version, you should be good. Even if you are more of a bleeding edge indev version addict, you can quickly report bugs and crashes in Discord, and the dev really puts his all into it and gets things fixed in a matter of minutes. Yesterday I reported two minor bugs, today I encountered a CTD, and it's already all hotfixed away.Oh and it also has doggos now, so give it a whirl."
76561198129442494,Recommended,328080,34802644,Posted: 7 September,all,Blasticus,"Fun and polished.  I love little details like your villagers getting confused when you use a ""god"" spell near them.  How paths wear out naturally on common routes, and generally the way you build paths/roads beyond that. Especially how you can build paths on the footprint of buildings to  the actual spot the villagers walk up to.  The whole essence/magic build up system is designed well, and there are plenty of satisfying options to expend it.  Tons of options in custom mode to set the difficulty to your liking.  Definitly worth the $10 and ive seen it for $5."
76561198057154431,Recommended,328080,34665662,Posted: 1 September,all,prodigyninja,Great indie strategy game!
,Recommended,328080,34710577,Posted: 3 September,all,Ubersmack,Even in its current unfinished state this game is very enjoyable to play.  It's a bit of city management and tower defense mixed together for a unique experience. Can't wait to see how the game is developed from here.  I recommend picking it up.
76561198071590299,Recommended,328080,34701272,Posted: 2 September,all,Master Bateman,The game is great with a really active dev and fantastic soundtrack. Only thing I could ask for in this game is steam workshop mod support.
76561197996808430,Recommended,328080,34649612,Posted: 31 August,all,drascus,"Obviously this is still in Alpha.  Early Access.However, it is far better than most early access games. The developer has done a great job of creating a stable, engaging build that works as a complete game. The features to come will make the game even better by the time they are implemented, and in the meantime the game already has a really strong ""just one more building"" loop.If you like management/sim/strategy games, give this one a look. This is early access done right.TL/DR: It's fun and it works, improvements coming steadily."
76561198287840150,Recommended,328080,34660236,Posted: 1 September,all,Lunay,a very good game with many possibilities. but i feel like there is something missing. i feel like there is only one goal. however this game got me addicted and i totaly recomend it.
,Recommended,328080,34679925,Posted: 2 September,all,Scholar_NZ,"Outstanding. Although a few tweaks to improve UI design and quality of life enchancements may benefit this game, overall as an individal game it is fantastic.Fans of Dwarf Fortress, Populous, Rimworld and Banished will be at home with this game.Basic premise: You start with a small village, to build in to a small town. While managing the challenges of various seasons, you build and maintain a level of defence to fend off monsters and keep yourself safe from harm.Highly Recommend to try. For an early access product, the stable build quality is relatively bug-free from the short experience I've had. The sole-developer runs his own discord and remains extremely accessible, and development is openly shared there."
76561198065293222,Recommended,328080,34741643,Posted: 4 September,all,Davewatsit97,"Great game, would love more content though."
76561198084077061,Recommended,328080,34810050,Posted: 8 September,all,ryanscool86,"Really good village sim, plays nicely, well though out, plenty of notices and good interface, regularly update, a joy to play, still in early accsess so a campain or missions is yet to be added, but deffo worth a good play"
76561198065894488,Recommended,328080,34848459,Posted: 9 September,all,Mozilla,"I really like this game, feels challenging without being unfair. Very polished for not even being a finished game. The Devs continue to roll out frequent updates that keep the game from getting stale and promise long-term replayability."
,Recommended,328080,26053640,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,OmniRusted,"Changing my review after a lot of updates, as I promised I would. The dev was nice enough to inform me of incoming updates with problems I had, and the changes are substantial. Defense is still very much a tower defense game, but with a colony survival aspect behind it. If you don't have the proper setup, you will get rolled over by the enemies very quickly.Eventually it seems that the only way to survive is to pull all your leveled-up people (a system that is not explained at all) and go to another area. Realistically you COULD build up until you've conquered an entire map before moving on, but that would take so long it's not really worth it. The game badly, badly needs speed controls.The dev, who is amazingly connected with his community, has said in the future he plans to add ""haste"" or ""slow"" spells, but that doesn't solve the overall problem. Sometimes you don't want to wait around. Sometimes you're okay with the enemy building as fast as you are. Haste and Slow spells will help, yes, but will not solve the problem that eventually the game just gets too grindy.All in all I do recommend this game. Much like Orcs Must Die gave us a third-person tower defense game, this game gives us a colony simulator defense game, and I love that. It's very fun, very challenging, and aside from the few gameplay problems (which the dev will absolutely fix eventually) a gem of a game.Graphics: 2/10. There aren't any. There's also a hell of a lot more particle effects than necessary which tend to clutter the screen.Sound: The music and sounds really help gameplay, and make it a relaxing experience.Story: N/AGameplay: 6/10. It has a lot of room to improve, but is still a hidden gem that you should absolutely check out."
,Recommended,328080,34764913,Posted: 5 September,all,Keiji Maeda,An amazing game ! The lastest addition ( Doggo ) really adds a cute side (except when you see him getting molested by a horde of undead or slimes).I'm really looking forwards to more content and entertainment. 10/10
76561197972047065,Recommended,328080,34868781,Posted: 10 September,all,`HostieChow Mmm,"This game is really great.I have always enjoyed base builder games and tower defense, and Rise to Ruins delivers. Like a traditional ant farm, you build your base and watch your workers run around working on things, gathering resources, and fighting. But what really sets Rise to Ruins apart is how the monsters attack. They are relentless and unstoppable in the traditional sense. As the base architect, it is your job to manipulate the path of the advancing horde to give your forces a fighting chance at survival.Nightmare mode is fantastic fun!"
,Recommended,328080,34892801,Posted: 11 September,all,RiMKO,Great game. Still under development but devs are updating it constantly.
76561198124139802,Recommended,328080,35098963,Posted: 20 September,all,KiteeCat,"Very promising game with lots of scope.Play peaceful, or defend against hordes.Is definitely a Work In Progress, but still happy with what I got for my $10."
76561198077215589,Recommended,328080,35140330,Posted: 22 September,all,spike_mf,"I can recomend this game for those with fast computers, it is fun and all until you get to many monsters or villagers, then the lag makes it unplayable, took me five minutes just to close the game, sure I don't have a highend computer but still. But if you do, I strongly recomend the game, even if it is made in Java (??!)"
76561198021880265,Recommended,328080,34974656,Posted: 15 September,all,madd.rabbit,"I play a lot of city builder type of games. Mostly Dwarf Fortress. I've tried a few others like Banished, Towns and Gnomoria but they fell a little flat for me. I had Rise to Ruins on the wishlist for some time then bought it and let it sit there for months, untouched. I finally tried it this week (uh, the week I wrote the review). In my initial playthrough, I liked it. It has elements of these others games in it. It is relatively cheap so you get a good deal for the price. It isn't as deep as Dwarf Fortress but still a nice time killer.Then time went by... It got boring real quick. I guess I can't complain. It's worth the price on sale but not much more. There isn't much depth here to hold my interest. I am used to Europa Universalis and Dwarf Fortress so maybe I'm overly critical when comparing it to games I keep gravitating back to.I'm going to leave this review at ""Recommend"" but I am rating it to really be more of a 'so-so' game that you should buy if you like this genre and then, only on sale.The Good+ Inexpensive+ Developer is active (not going to die in developement)+ Pixel Graphics, UI and general look and feel are nice+ Seems to run smoothly for an early access game (so far)The Bad- Nancy Pelosi is the name of one of the random nomads <shudders>- Gameplay can get a little repetative once you get established- Music could use a few more songs, they get old pretty fast but they arene't bad"
76561198092222591,Recommended,328080,34364801,Posted: 19 August,all,Valar Bronzeghulis,"Great game that is really entertaining.The game needs a speed up button in my opinionEdit: dev added a 2x option, gj"
76561198001841569,Recommended,328080,35348590,Posted: 30 September,all,Caridous,"Very solid city-builder/god-game for sure (don't expect currency/research tree, which isn't a problem fyi)Yes, every game of this genre is compared to and held to the standard of RimWorld, but this is no copycat nor a derivative by any stretch. There is no research tree, and the end game is not about getting off the planet. You're simply a god trying to keep your villagers alive (more tower-defence than RW).Not only does it have a rich diversity of buildings (which you can upgrade to improve efficiency), but has multiple spells for its god-game aspect.For those worried about investing in an ""early-access game"" fear not. Not only is it extremely stable, but it has solid content and a very active and response dev (putting forth a poll at one point to gather a consensus as to what direction to direct his roadmap)This is how modern games should be: solid price, money going to an independent, and a dev who listens. Buy the game, support these kind of initiativesExcited to see how its development continues"
,Recommended,328080,35355526,Posted: 30 September,all,CTRL+FU,"I really enjoy this game. It looks and sounds like it just stepped off the Sega Genesis. It even kinda reminds me of the game Megalomania for that system.This is an addictive little city builder/god game/tower defense game hybrid. You spend the majority of your days city building and at night trying to repel mosters with your guards or defensive structures (the tower defense part.) I don't really find myself doing much godhanding until the map has been built up a bit.My favorite part of the game is the city building and management. The tower defense portion is decently done, but it's not at all what keeps me interested. (I honestly get a little annoyed at nighttime, because repelling the monsters takes time away from what I'd rather be doing.) I like having to balance my logistical needs against my defensive needs. Hmmm... farm, well or spray tower...?If you like city builders or tower defense, this is for you. If you like god games, you'll probably enjoy it as well, even though with me I don't use the god powers much at all, and I'm in year four.A FEW CRITICISMS (please fix/change):If you build a wall diagonally, a lot of times your builders will not build or only partially build the corner wall pieces.When I have one item set to build or upgrade, often builders will mill around with the resource needed to finish it, sometimes dropping it on the ground and walking away.Please fix it so that when something is being built and has all the resources but the building isn't at 100% that the builders stay to finish it, instead of doing one or two construction turns on it then walking away. I've waited five minutes for a builder to finsh a structure that had all of the resources but was still waiting at 96% for them to come back.If walls don't take up a building slot, why should gates? That's just stupid. I HATE having all the walls built up save a big gaping hole for the gate I can't build because I used the builing slot for something else.It would be nice to have a way to make the ""way makers"" auto build paths. Maybe not roads, but at least paths. Often times I completely forget they are even there for an hour at a time, and as such they are just wasted people I could be using on another task.AND PLEASE... When you get the notifications that nomads come, or that someone died or whatever, make it so you can click on the banner (or below in the chatbox) to see where the heck they are. I've lost multiple full groups of nomads because I can't find them to ""grab"" them. It's much too hard to all the time see them when you're all zoomed out looking, and as the game progresses and gets overrun with monsters, losing more people really hurts. I mean, to be fair, if you're a god you should already know where they are, so something that zooms you there makes sense.Otherwise, so far I'm really enjoying it and looking to play more."
76561198042885238,Recommended,328080,29885375,Posted: 12 February,all,LukewarmBeans,"This game is perfect. It's a lot of fun. Yes, it's true that you get bored of it and stop playing it. But here's the thing: Another update, which are quite frequent, drags me back in. Yeah, it's pretty simple, but it still is awesome. Rayvolution, the dev, puts his heart and soul into this game, and it has paid off. I got this game quite a while ago, though I still find myself coming back everyonce and a while. If you really do get bored, make up a challenge, like, for example, only golem combobulators as defense. Overall, this game is pretty darn awesome.Edit:This game is about to get a lot more interesting. Soon, there will be many more towers and defenses. That's not all. Rayvolution's also going to add elemental damage and whatnot. For example: Skeletons don't take very much damage from piercing attacks, but if you use crushing attacks, it's a completely different story. This will add a lot more depth to the game, and with it, a desire to get to higher days, allowing for more gameplay. Rayvolution has to be one of my favorite developers out there. He put a lot of effort into this game, and I believe he deserves recognition. Oh, and the music's sickEdit 2:The game has gotten a lot more interesting. The new towers add a lot more depth to the game, and it makes it so I end up playing for a lot longer on each file. The game is freaking amazing. That is all thanks to the amazing dev, Rayvolution, who has spent many, many hours on this game. In the next update, disasters, guards, gates, and things of all kinds will be added. I am currently playing the unstable and it is a lot of fun so far. Once again, I have to mention, the music is marvelous. There are constantly new songs being added. This is a game that is worth $10, but if you can get it on sale, even if only for like 2 bucks off, it is SO worth it in my opinion. If you like Godlikes, I bet you will like this a lot!Edit 3: The Dev is constantly adding new stuff. There is always something new to try and explore in this game. Say you get bored of the easy beginning in survival mode. Simply turn it up a notch and go to nightmare mode. Then realize that nightmare mode is REDICULOUSLY hard and make some custom rules. Almost every 2 weeks there is some interesting unstable, and just a month or two after that, depending on how big the update is, you get a complete update with amazing new features. Say you find a new bug, which you probably find a small one or more as it is an early access game, talk to the dev, and you may just find that simply a day or two later, BAM, problem solved. Man, Rayvolution HAS to be my favorite developer. He's constantly working on this game, and to put it lightly, it has paid off."
76561198269432411,Recommended,328080,35471057,Posted: 4 October,all,iRoK Brute,"A REALLY good Game everytime i die i learn a new and better way to defend. but i think there should be a way to cancel upgrades, set rally points for guards and less health for specters (They are way too hard for the round they come on.)Overall buy the game if you haven't alreadyand when the time comes check out some of my maps i made. =)"
