user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,328600,14200776,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Small Boss,"There's no reason to buy this over the original Frozen Synapse. The menus and UI are all designed to be used with a gamepad, and arent very mouse friendly. I don't think there's any new content either, I've not seen any. No new units, No new dynamics to the gameplay or the maps / stages. You figure they could do something like add multiple floors to buildings and stairs to make the gameplay a bit more interesting but they just somehow couldnt come up with any new ways to improve the gameplay. The soldiers look like dumb G.I. Joe villians in this version too for some reason.Buy the original Frozen Synapse and enjoy it."
,Not Recommended,328600,12944541,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,It's a good day to die.,"♥♥♥♥♥ier UI, clunky controls, very minor gameplay tweaks that do not merit the pricetag.Just stick with the original."
76561198035808481,Recommended,328600,12941934,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,krozzus,"I'm going split this review into two parts: First I will talk about the game, then I will compare it to its.. um predeccesor I guess? I have played the first one and so far from what I have seen the core gameplay and campaign havent varied from it, so I will just take my experience from there over here in matters of which I am sure have not changed.The game is brutal stragety. No RNG. If you lose its not the computers or the games fault, just yours. Matches against the computer ar fair, the AI doesnt ""cheat"" and matches in multiplayer are always an interesting experience. The tutorial gives you the basics, but some things you have to figure out on your own. Playing against pros usually teaches you some new tricks, even if you have been in the game for a while. So how does this game work? You have a bunch of different units, all with unique skills (Sniper good at long range, shotgun good at short range, rocket guy goes BOOM! and so on). You give orders to these units, for example move there while aiming there. You can also give orders to the enemy units. Then you simulate what WOULD happen if the enemy moves exactly the way you expect it to. You can simulate and give orders to infinity until you are happy. Then you click on the button to actually activate your actions and once the enemy has done this as well (auto against AI) you see the actual results. The closer it is to what you expected and planned for, the more damage you usually do. You win if you kill all enemies or capture certain things, depending on which mode you are playing. All the modes also have a ""Light"" and ""Dark"" version. In Light you see the enemy units. In Dark you see them at the beginning and then after that you can only guess where they are (which can get your heart pumpin if its coming down to an all or nothing one on one hunt). The music is nice, I personally can't agree with the ""OMG SO AWESOME!"" that the others rate it though, it fits the futuristic style of the game though. The looks are also futuristic, but...I dont know why, but I kind of dislike the way the game looks. Its very subtle and experience will of course vary with others. There is a pretty lenghty campaign with a story that has rather confused me more than anything else so far, but I guess if I read every single text I probably would understand more of it, since the game gives a LOT of background information about its world. The campaign also contains some gameplay features that arent in the multiplayer, for whatever reason. Since the multiplayer matches are turn-based it sometimes takes weeks to finish a match because the opponent goes offline. Once you are in the game and while you are in the game you will be told if in one of the games you are playing a new turn has occured. The controls with the keyboard are a bit clumsy and I would reccomend using the mouse and maybe one or two keyboard buttons for functions that you use often. All in all, if you like a game that is really nothing more than simple strategy I can totally reccomend this.Now to the comparison:The game looks a lot different. While I dont like the new looks I like them more than the old ones. Sometimes the old looks were just TOO simplistic for my taste and left room for interpretation. With the new looks I know exactly whats going and to going to go on. There is also a killcam now, which is fun to watch so far, expecially since in the old game I sometimes had ""how the hell did that kill me?"" moments. the controls are...worse? better? I cant tell. I think they could have been done better in both games. I have to say that it is a lot easyer to give orders while waiting though. The best addition really is the new order. You can tell your unit to always look at a certain spot even when moving. So now you dont have to change the field of view every few steps, which in my opinion was a much needed update. One thing, that I am wondering though: where did the riotshielders go? I never figured out how to use them in the old game anyway, but they could have at least used them here as well, without DLC. I havent quite figured out the new arena mode yet, so far it just seems like a normal match on a pretty large map to me. One thing I am uncapable of finding is the chat in multiplayer. If they removed: MY GOD WHY? If they didnt: where is it? A change of look that I am liking is the.. I'm just going to call it interface, of the campaign. Where you view background information and talk to people. I just..looks better in my opinion. Now to the main question: ""Should I buy it if I already own the original?"" Cant answer that one, I know I am glad I did it, but that is, hoping, that there will a couple of updates on this game.UPDATE:played again after a while and from I have seen the multiplayer is ♥♥♥♥ing dead. so if ya buy it, do it for local play and singeplay"
,Recommended,328600,12967591,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,alcoholer14,"I have very mixed feelings. It's a fine game, turn-based, tactical, futuristic and stuff. But it's nothing new for the gameplay. I recommend this game if you haven't played the original or prefer newer graphics or have a device with touchscreen.It's 7.5/10 as standalone,It's 6/10 as ""HD""-ish remake.P.S. Oh, I forgot. After 4,5 hours of playing there are two things that I really like in this remake: optimized outcome calculation (MUCH faster) and grenade's bouncing physics."
,Recommended,328600,14664898,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,celeste_ar,"If you're going to play for the multiplayer mode i'd assume you'd be better off with the original, it has a larger playerbase as far as i know.But If you're going to play for the singleplayer mode and like the revamped artstyle of prime however, there's only improvements to be found here!I never completed the original Frozen Synapse due to frustration. I don't remember what it was exactly that caused me to run out of patience, but i guess i just didn't find the combat system detailed and reliable enough.Fortunately, this has been adressed in Prime, Now you have more options on how to control your vatforms and there's dynamic cone vision as well. It improved the experience indeed, the frustration was gone and i was able to complete the campaign.So if you're playing Frozen Synapse for the Singleplayer mode, i'd say Prime is the superior experience in that regard."
,Recommended,328600,13003747,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,FELIX,"Let me just put this out there, I love Frozen Synapse!(TL;DR: Got the the 50% discount coupon and you want more Frozen Synapse? Give it a try. Is this your first time with Frozen Synapse? Buy the orignal Frozen Synapse instead.)This is what I expected from the remake:New features, improved exisiting features and improved graphics. Nothing fancy, just Frozen Synapse 2.0!However, ""Frozen Synapse PRIME"" is like a bad console port. The UI is full of unecessary ""graphical elements"" taking up the screen, symbols with no tooltips, horrible mouse click detection on buttons, units and waypoints.They've added features like the ability to add a waypoint between two existing waypoint which is a nice update from the original. There is also a visual representation for standing, crouching and dashing etc. But trying to select two waypoints or units next to each other is a nightmare. Adjusting waypoints can be frustrating beyond belief, in a game that is ALL ABOUT WAYPOINTS!The UI is not very intuitive either, there are tutorials that teach you all about the UI, but they are so linear/strict and slow that I was bored out of my mind after just the basic one, and I am usually a very patient person. All of this could have been avoided if the UI had mouse-hover-tooltips for each symbol representing the different commands. The UI really feels like it was designed with consoles and tablets in mind, and doesn't work very well on the PC.All in all, it's still a good game, but unless you got the 50% discount coupon (including 1 extra copy of Prime) from owning the original Frozen Synapse, don't bother, get the original game instead."
,Recommended,328600,12942917,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,tomsolo,"Okay it's a Vita port, but I think this game: is okay.Pros:- feeling is good, I like the new intros- in some aspect games is faster than old- graphics (and engine?) better than original seems same style as Frozen Cortex- music still perfect- the 50% coupon - if you have old version - reasonable priceCons:- yep the control is fixed but is well playable, except some mouse ui manouver is could be better- tutorial is very boring"
,Recommended,328600,12947771,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,The Time of History,"If you liked the first Frozen Synapse, you're gonna like this one. Graphics definitely took a realistic turn (comparitively), the AI seems smarter, the story is still pretty much a non-focus. It's like the first one, but better.The interface is a huge change from the previous, you'll need a bit of help rifling through it. Luckily, they put in tutorials to do just that. Once you get the hang of it, the tactical ♥♥♥♥♥torm you can create rivals, if not outdoes, the previous installment. Satisfaction in accomplishing a mission (story or otherwise) has only increased. Losing soldiers feels a lot worse (and thus killing feels a lot cooler) than in the first one, with the kill cams amplifying your mistakes (or victories). Also, there's a few new gamemodes that give an interesting twist to how one might attain victory. Creation of instant and random skirmishes keeps things fresh and the strategic mind sharp (provided you're not playing on rookie).All in all, an amazing revitalization of an already amazing game."
,Recommended,328600,12964422,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,humanvegetableonline2002,"Worse controls than the original. Why can't I place a waypoint when I'm in order mode? The replay controls are really strange. You will find yourself pressing x and spacebar and double clicking in futility sometimes. Crashes frequently for no reason. If you can look past that, it's still the same old Frozen Synapse we love."
76561197993850478,Recommended,328600,13251433,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Penguin Blender,"A slightly different interpretation of the brilliant Frozen Synapse.I took me a little while to adjust, but I think this game feels a little more streamlined.Your plan doesn't need to be quite as precise. The story seems a bit more to the point too, I think.Love the new graphics, escpecially the kill cam.Love the new tactical options.More frozen synapse is always good."
76561197971813379,Not Recommended,328600,30148520,Posted: 24 February,all,Chustler,"Very sad.The original was a real masterpiece, and then this comes out.  Clunkier. Arguably uglier, less charming, and harder to control."
,Recommended,328600,12945485,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Beanchilla,"While I would love to be able to set my own controls, this game is still an updated version of one of my favorites.Frozen Synapse is a game of tactical skirmishes that gives you total control over a small group of soldiers and sets you loose in a building full of randomly designed, futuristic office spaces. The music is great, the multiplayer is tense and it's one of the best tactical games to come out in forever.The port has some issues but I still love the combined soundtracks, the new graphics and the kill cams. I'm also happy to see there are some new modes included.It sucks that they cut the level editor out but I never used it anyway so that's no skin off my back but it might be off yours.If you have the original especially, pick this one up. Well worth the price at 50% off. If you're looking to get into Frozen Synapse then I'd probably get this one as well because I imagine it will have more multiplayer opponents shortly but you might want to wait and see."
,Recommended,328600,13016339,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Leb,"Frozen  Synapse in a new beautiful coating.Pros:- New 3D graphics- Kill cam- The frozen Synapse gameplay you love- The Devs are listening and patching the issues the community has with it- Cheap. Price gets you two copies. 50% coupon sent to owners of FS makes the game out to around 5 USD per copy (get it before the coupon expires)Cons:- many would complain about UI, but as of community patch 2 I think this moving towards a pro- MP functionality not as flushed out as the original- Does not include features of FS RedOverall I recommend, the devs are really showing good communication and support on issues, they have answered my own private tickets quickly and I've witnessed their quick action in the forums - even to the extent of them buying peripherals which users report not working with the game.While many say FS is better fleshed out, I say ""duh"". FS has had its fair share of patches and updates over the years. It's unfortunate that Prime didn't start off ""perfect"" but the 2 patches to land since launch have addressed many of the major issues people have reported and their ""to do"" list is populated with changes and fixes to be made based on user feedback.Anyways, I'll see you on MP."
76561197985161675,Recommended,328600,12960316,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,XandreUK,"Despite complaints about the controller definitions and the fact this is a console port, having all the commands mapped and in a far easier to manage system is exceptionally useful, at least in my opinion. Having to go into a menu to get to the specific options seems like a nuicanse, but having lost one game too many in the original from a move I didn't intentionally plan makes me think this feature is useful, especially to less experienced players. While the graphics are a nice touch, I very much prefer the old look of the game. It was distinctive, if not unique and gave the impression you really were commanding them from a saferoom somewhere. That's not to say this game looks bad - sometimes it could be difficult to tell what was going on in the middle of a game and the more defined models are easier to make out but this is a ""to each his own"" affair. Realistically, there's not much to choose between the two so pick up whichever one takes your fancy. Still, as someone who loves the concept, this re-release was a no-brainer for me."
,Recommended,328600,13271974,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Mantiz,"Very nice and clean graphics, smooth gameplay and not a single issue. Performs well on low spec systems. Challenging and well thought out long lasting singleplayer campaign. Currently I am 16 hours in and I believe I am close to the finale now. After that, the really challenge starts as I will get into skirmish and multiplayer to really get my bacon handed back to me! Looking forward to it.Well recommended game for people who like turn based games and attention to details. In my book, this developer is in good standing! Keep up the good work! No nonsense, game works from the beginning and all is well. A lot of developers need to learn from these guys."
,Recommended,328600,13072392,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,thingy237,"FIRST I WANT TO ADDRESS THE RETURNING PLAYERS FROM THE ORIGIANAL FROZEN SYNAPSE. I HOPE THIS DOESNT CHANGE THE VEIW FOR NEW COMING PLAYERS, IT IS A GREAT GAME. REVEIW BELOW FOR NEW-COMERSThe devs of this game are different than the devs of frozen synapse ive heared. so my first impression was ""cool, a frozen synapse with better graphics. (thinking about who installments work-) they must have alot of new features too, like maybe a suppression option, new campaign, and maybe even a new unit."" so, without second thought, I bought the game with alittle extra steam money left over from I dont even know.after loading it up, i took to the campaign to play the tutorial and see what was in store for me. after the loading screen went through, I was placed in the game with the same AI that was with me the first time. the tutorial looked different. saying to myself,""ok, shows that they work on the game maybe."" I found that the game layout made me press weird buttons to open up menus. For instance, I have to press ""X"" to open the menu that allows you to change where your aiming, ducking, etc. , and then the ""F"" button does something that changes how you move or something, they never really went over that much. you still have to double click to place movement. on the plus side, its easier to see whether someone is disengaged or ducking. all in all the annoyances outweigh the easy-ness, making the controls very uninviting compared to the last. now, getting tired of writing, ill put it sumple, the campaign is exactly the same as the old one, they didnt change a thing. they only added the strafe (basicly aim but the point is fixed) and check, which is a quick aim that automaticly goes back in a second. stick with the original.NEW PEOPLE REVEIWDespite what i said before, this really is an awesome game. I am inept at describing things but here i go. frozen synapse prime is a game in which you are an AI that controls a group of robot soilders and you and others are trying to take down an evil corparation. In this game, you control a group of up to six soilders usually, you can pick where each of them go, how they move where they look, etc. the catch is, they cant see anything other than their feild of veiw, you control their every move in a very detailed way, it is amazing. usually the objective is to either clear the map, or get to a base. In multiplayer you must outsmart your opponent to win. If you become skilled enough you can combine different actions to look behind corners, pop up out of cover to have someone be able to get a shot on them and duck back down before they hit you, etc. It is a very fun game I do reccomend it"
76561198047249585,Recommended,328600,13023442,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Insert Coin(s),"A much prettier frozen synapse, featuring more blood and kill cams :DControls can feel unresponsive at times but overall I think it fun.this is ported from the ps vita."
,Recommended,328600,12957172,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Pandora's Fox,"At the moment, there is not much reason to buy this over the original. If you already own the original, then you're probably better off just keeping the original.That being said, this game does have some nice touches: it has all the charm of the original game, and plays a bit more realistically (you can't just have units spasm between looking in multiple directions) and the music is mostly the same, with a few new additions.The controls are interesting. I think that they could be better since this is a passable port right now, but I'm pretty sure they'll be improved in the future.I do wish for a way to enable higher-contrast graphics or something to make the walls pop out more from the floor, though. Also, I want to change the controls back to be a bit more like the original, but that may just be me."
,Recommended,328600,12965849,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,mAC-bIG,"Generally okay, but hard to get in du to the game being a 'bad port' from a tablette/phone game. And some bugs1. The first hour is a pain, you have to get used to the 'bad port'. Almost every possible bad port syndrome are here- no decent graphic options- no rebindable controls- big♥♥♥♥♥texts- ....But since the game is relativly simple (controle/graphic wise) it's still acceptable2. The gameplay itself is pretty cool. I spent about 8h playing with a friend. We had a good time.3. Some strange bugs happend at some points. here is 3 of them that was game breaking- Some times if you play 'live'  the sync between players broke, and you have to exit to the main menu to get the notification of the new turn- in 1 game, One my guy died,  and resurected on the last round, to kill my friend's last guy .... pretty raging- in 1 other game, we had a really desynched game, where I killed one of his guy, but for him the guy was still alive... I've been able to finish the game, and it crashed.So I Put a ""recommand"" on the game. Because I Had mostly some fun with the game. But keep in mind that you'll probably get some raging moment too. If you are a ""PC elitist"" that just hate and don't even try a game if it has some syndrome of ""bad port"" just avoid it."
76561197998633558,Recommended,328600,13073293,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,bangupjobasusual,"the story is SO BAD.the dialog is SO BAD.its a good game though, just stick to multiplayer."
76561197998236045,Recommended,328600,12948647,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Eggins,"There has been some complaint about the controls and dumming it down a bit, now I just tried the two tutorials in it and they explain them fine and I played it with no problem on laptop, no controller, if you have played a lot of frozen synapse then yeah you will find it a bit awkard as the way orders work you have to structure them differently and they have simplified a few commands like focus and ignore by putting it on the same button but making it so you can switch between them when it is placed.Now I quite enjoyed the original but I think the telling factor here is wether the playerbase moves across, it uses your steam profile for stats rather then a fs account which may appeal to some people.I really quite liked the 3D take, it is quite charming and I find it easier to visualise thngs, especially with the zones of fire being coloured in which again makes it so much easier to plan moves, for me anyway.One little snag is that there is no riot shield, not sure if the devs will include that or maybe some of their own ideas, who knows, I got it with the 50% coupon and I can't complain."
,Recommended,328600,12945440,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Millertime,"This game ROCKS!I'm glad to see this new version, I loved the original but hardly anyone played online anymore since it's been out for so long. They have made some nice changes here, but the core mechanics remains. New mission types, ability to highly customize your random battlefields, larger battlefields, pre-set arenas, so much more.FS can be really race inducing sometimes, and you can get wrapped up in editing your plans until you grow old if you let yourself. But the cat and mouse and mind games are hard to beat.I don't really get the complaints about it being a Vita port. If it wasn't known that a previous version existed you would never know.. it doesn't affect the game at all. Controls not being remappable is an odd miss, but again it doesn't affect the game. There are only a few keyboard shortcuts anyway, and the game is fully playable with the mouse if for some reason you can't deal with the default binds."
,Recommended,328600,14640885,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,"Wynnda, Miko of the Gusta","Basically frozen synapse with better graphics and killcams... The skirmish mode is also better, adding in base and dark modes at random. Overall I do like it more than the original and that's all that matters... right?My one gripe, can't remap controls."
,Not Recommended,328600,12958191,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,MrTeatime,"This was an impulse buy because I got the 50% coupon for owning the ""original"" Frozen Synapse.It's playable with mouse and keyboard if you make sure to unplug your joystick, but even with other controllers unplugged, the controls are clunky, unintuitive and you can't rebind any keys.While the graphic style is kinda nice, it has ""Tablet Game"" written all over it. Not that there's anything wrong with tablet games, but if you bring them to a PC, where the screens are usually larger and you have a couple more functions (Vsync etc.), then you should make sure that it's optimized accordingly.It just looks and feels wrong due to the rather bad tablet port at the moment and isn't that much fun. And the asking price definitely isn't worth paying in its current state.But I'll surely come back to it after a patch or two, because the initial concept is still good.Until then, the original Frozen Synapse is the way to go."
76561197983938466,Not Recommended,328600,12953586,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Mojo,"Very disappointing. The controls and UI are absolutely awful and slow down play considerably, making the game a chore to play. While the new graphics are pretty, they do much to cloud the precision of the original game. Buy the original instead."
76561198006194433,Recommended,328600,12984180,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Steeljack,"The developers are showing interest in fixing the interface.Maybe after a few updates it will be decent to use.Complaints:- For now, navigation is still a pain. (a slight pain since the 2nd patch)- The command wheel is still in the ""WHY WOULD YOU DO THIS"" zone. (thank god it's better now)- Cannot navigate around map while in Wait order.- No clear indication of what orders you've placed in Wait order. (fixed since the 4-th patch)Suggestions:- Keybinding option.- Delete with middle-click on a hovered waypoint (rather than clicking on it and then deleting).- Removing the unnecessary buttons on the angles of the screen.- Making the command wheel a click-hold and drag to select (like Dishonored or The Witcher 2)[that would spare the headaches of which menu you're in]- Double click anywhere to stop simulation mode. (spares the confusion when trying to change orders but nothing happens because you're still in simulation mode)- Remove or reduce the size of the text on the bottom center of the screen.- Placing icons in Wait order's timebar to show what orders will be executed. (done in 4-th patch)- Plan saving: save your unit's plans so that you can try a new approach without fear of having to redo the old one. (mapped and cycled with 1-9 keys)Would make the interface much better.We'll see with further patching."
,Recommended,328600,12944368,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,StorzOO,"Nicer graphics than before, also new is the kill cam to please the younger audiance, control is almost the same, with console control overlay when my 360 pad hooked up to pc, M+K control works fine, if you are familiar with the older game control, but obvious this is a console port, so sometimes control do feel a little sluggish, still needs a little polishing.This also added couple more command, like ignore target and such, which is nice to have when the situation calls for it.  so with 50% off coupon, for 2 copies of game @ $10, not too bad."
,Recommended,328600,12964426,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,WildKarrde,"http://youtu.be/6bg_ESwYCiUThe original Frozen Synapse was intriguing to me. I got it on a cheap trade, and liked it... but never played it much. It was just missing... something. This game seems to have gotten it right! (Mostly)I love the graphics, they are soooo much better than the original. (I'm sure purists will disagree with me, and that's fine.) My previous problem with the game not allowing me to choose which controller scheme to use has been fixed. The only problem I have now is that if my controller is plugged ion, and not on when I start the game, then it thinks I am constantly hitting the up joystick. This isn't the only game I've noticed this issue in though.Other than this issue (which will hopefully be fixed soon) the game is fantastic. I don't share the same criticism as others (such as the FPS being limited to 60) I don't see why more than 60 FPS is really all that necessary.I plan on playing this game much more in the future, it seems like a great strategy game. I think it might be my favorite turn based strategy game since Final Fantasy Tactics.http://youtu.be/nqLz6ivuuOAhttp://youtu.be/sombU-gas2khttp://youtu.be/3OQwMM-GdxA"
,Recommended,328600,18715225,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,DwylerA,+UI is drastically improved over original Frozen Synapse+Its alot easier to tell if your units are crouching or not.+Kill cam is always entertaining to watch+Ability to plan turns down to .1 seconds+Tutorial is extremely helpful-Have been shot through walls.-Not many players online-No Shield unit
,Not Recommended,328600,13034205,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Moonpie,"I loved Frozen Synapse.I have played Frozen Synapse Prime for an hour or two now. I cannot stand this game. The controls are non-intuitive, and lock you out if you are still in 'test mode', or whatever they want to call it. The Wait function is difficult to use, as are the camera adjustments.I'm going to go back through the tutorials to make sure I understand everything, but on first glance, they made the game prettier, and much harder to enjoy."
,Recommended,328600,12945315,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Ctharo,$10 for 2 copies? Who needs vita version for these prices
76561197985571110,Not Recommended,328600,12977953,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,THOMPSON,"Being a big fan of Frozen Synapse (""FS""), I was very happy to see Frozen Synapse Prime (""FSP"") being advertised about a month ago. That is about as happy as I was.Unfortunately another development team Double Eleven had taken the liberty to state that FSP embodied all that was FS and then some. This was not supported by the retail release build, not by a long shot. While the developers stated a ""community feedback patch"" is in the works but I hesitantly wait.Keep in mind that Double Eleven, maker of FSP is not Mode 7, the makers of the original FS. This along with FSP being ported from console to the PC are the predominant factors influencing this games release and lack luster reviews and coming up short on delivering the game as advertised.I'm appreciative that Double Eleven provided a 50% coupon, but I would have happily paid full price if the game would have delivered everybody's expectations properly.As of this writing, this game is a no-go. Stick with the original FS as it has more features than the current build of FSP."
76561197972930357,Recommended,328600,14852899,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,StarIsolator,"I never played the original, I'm sure it's great but personally I prefer a little more graphic in my game. Although, I wouldn't really call the graphics stunning they are (to me) a huge improvement on the original. So there's my thought in a nutshell, if you own the original cool, there's not much more in this so maybe stay away. If you don't, then also cool, buy this one it's simply better presented.The gameplay (particularly in multiplayer) is simply stunning. I love the dual game planning and execution idea. I wish Slitherine would take note and STOP using that ridiculous play-by-email garbage.Lastly, the developers of this game are nice guys. They listen to feedback and action it, quickly. If you see a problem just into the forum here and tell them politely, they will listen and solve it. Can't ask for more.Top game. Easy to play. Great for multiplayer one on one with a friend (but personally I've avoided the single player mode - I bought it for gaming with my brother only).Cracking game!"
76561198009730899,Recommended,328600,16998388,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,The Sun Shaman,"So this is the first review I have written for a game, in the hope that more people will buy this game and support the multiplayer!I couldn't make up my mind whether to get this game or the original Frozen Synapse, but after playing the demo of the original I decided to take a chance and get the new version, and I am glad i did.If you like tactical shooters, I think you will like this game. The multiplayer is somewhat lacking due to the low numbers, but the singleplayer campaign is really good, if a little difficult at times.Some people have complained about the clunky interface, but I actually prefer it over the original, and once you get used to it it's really slick to use with the keyboard and mouse.Go buy it!"
76561198013462088,Recommended,328600,13840785,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Ixyst,"I have put several hours (80 +) into the first frozen synapse and i thoroughly enjoyed the first. It seemed to me a very strategic game of reading your oponents moves and trying to counter accordingly.Frozen Synapse Prime isnt necessarily a sequel. I don't want to call it that. It is a graphical and UI update. The graphic update is whatever to me (it's nice), but the UI update is much needed. With the action command bar everything feels a little more smooth. They also implemented a UI update to the wait command which is very, very much needed. For example, in the first Frozen Synapse the wait command could get extremely cluttered really quick. When trying to use checks, and ducks, and aims, and stands all in the same wait command it got extremely clunky and cluttered. They changed that in this one expanding it so you can easily place and alter your commands within the wait timer and you can even isolate your wait command and play it out separately.The multi-player is back yet they changed the multiplayer matchmaking a little. You no longer que and wait for an opponent. Instead you look for a match, and if none are open you create your own match (or two, or three, or four of your own), input your unit commands and come back later (if no one has joined yet) to follow up after someone has filled the seat of your oponent and input their own commands for their units.They also gave the match creator more power in editing the type of match to create. Something that is lacking in the first Frozen Synapse. More power in adding/removing cover, adding/removing doors, how many rooms, what types of units. All is still randomly generated in the end but only within the parameters that you had already set.I am a little disappointed in actual gameplay additions. They didn't really add any new content (except the campaign mode), units, features! They also removed the beloved shield dudes! It all just feels like an update. An update im more than happy to support since i love the series so much and i have a lot of fun proving my intellectual and tactical superiority. Try to find me online and see if you can hack it."
,Not Recommended,328600,12945477,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Level 10®™,"Can't play multiplayer, is a console port, is a downgrade from a one-hit studio with fantastic gameplay decisions marred by inability to create anything but the barebones gameplay seen from Frozen Synapse.Don't waste your time or money."
76561197993700702,Recommended,328600,26999506,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Slinky Muffins,"Takes the original which was one of the best games ever made and makes it just better in every way, tweaked to perfection with a much clearer UI that avoids the clutter of the old game. Still brutal and unforgiving in a way that my brain cells find very pleasureable. You really do have to think tactically all the time. Marvellous stuff."
,Recommended,328600,26596165,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Trik the Lowrider,Great idea but the interface is iffy.   It's fun in the beginning but it gets boring mid campaign. The real fun is in multiplayer but there aren't enough people playing. Get this if you have a friend or friends to play with.
,Not Recommended,328600,18322638,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,bad_rain,"Frozen Synapse Prime is a PS Vita remake of critical-acclaimed Frozen Synapse. Porting it back to it's original platform, suggest some kind of desperation. It's obvious that Prime sold poorly on Vita. So... is it worth picking up?  Nope.Prime is just a reskin of the original game. Offering new graphics, few changed mechanics and a new, more gamepad-oriented interface. The story, missions, music, gameplay - it's mostly the same game. Nothing is an improvement, excluding only more fleshed out graphics. Vita version could be a good treat, if you own the console, but the PC port is a complete nonsense. If you own the original, there's TOTALLY nothing new here. The game can be a little appeailing to new player, because it looks better... but really, buy the first Frozen Synapse. It just feels better, has a better style and mouse-driven interface."
,Recommended,328600,12942889,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Ritz,"tutorial is bugged, can't drag time bar in advanced tactics. otherwise great"
76561197982650238,Recommended,328600,12975276,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Dr3amk1ll3r,THE FIRST FROZEN SYNAPSE WAS BRILLIANT AND FRANKLY ONE OF THE BEST TRACTICAL GAMES AROUND ATM.FR0ZEN SYNAPSE PRIME IS A COOK OFF SO ITS NOT BAD BUT ITS NOT AS GOOD AS THE LAST GAME IN THE SERIES.GET THE ORIGINAL FIRST.
,Not Recommended,328600,13264545,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Melovinci,"Frozen Synapse Prime isn’t so much a sequel to the original as it is a reboot. A new look with updated, swanky graphics, some more options for combat, giving you greater control over the outcomes; and a revamped multiplayer system. All together, there’s not that much new going on. The new commands now allow your units to ignore or focus on a particular room, and also allows them to focus on one particular point while moving, not exactly ground-breaking beyond the initial mechanics. While the graphics quite nice to look at, they’ve been implemented at a sacrifice to UI cleanness and clarity; and graphical smoothness. All the units move a little sluggishly, making the game feel less fast-paced, less tense.The UI is nothing short of clunky. You can’t give a unit a move order while in the every-other-order dial, which requires a button to bring up and close. Space bar opens the turn predictor and closes while pause, fast forward and back have different keys again. The UI is clearly designed for the PS Vita touchscreen which doesn’t translate well to the PC.Frozen Synapse Prime’s single player is pretty poor. The strength in the series is ultimately in its multiplayer. While adding an extra game mode and revamping the old ones, FSP wholly fails because of its multiplayer. Not that it’s doing anything too wrong, but more because there are just not enough players. FSP hasn’t got a large enough player-base to keep new players in the game. I played several matches against some European players (European a guess from their names), but most matches were never continued once the other player decided they were going to lose, a bit of a killjoy. I booted the game yesterday and there was only one player online… me, and zero matches waiting to be started.I’m hoping I’m just a victim of the right game, wrong console. I imagine the game would actually be a lot smoother on the PS3 and PS Vita with more players online. Otherwise, despite the graphical upgrade, Frozen Synapse Prime isn’t really worth it, unless you can grab a group of friends to play with.For full review, visit:http://icarusreviews.net/2014/12/07/frozen-synapse-prime/"
,Not Recommended,328600,12963700,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,kfcpop,"Title:Frozen Synapse Prime? Not so very PRIME...Overall:So far, I am disappointed. It is missing features from the previous game and there is not enough features to recommend for those who are fans or just getting into the game. Ultimately, it is a lazy port from PS Vita.Gamplay:Still the same great gameplay from the excellent previous game Frozen Synapse (without prime), but they slowed it down. They made the ""play button"" in a different menu and place the commands on the top-right side screen when it is opened. When I want to adjust something, it is really annoying to close that separate menu and then open back to see if it works or not.In the previous game, all the buttons are layed out on screen and the commands menu are located where you right-click. That was perfect!Graphics:It does not look good. To me, it looks a low resolution game.The art style looks good but I prefer the previous game. But that is my opinion.Sounds and Music:Still the same from the previous game. Which is still great!"
,Not Recommended,328600,13305730,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Fletch,"I enjoyed the original game and went in and out of playing it on a regular basis. The only improvement this game offers over the original is the level and unit skins which to be honest are not that impressive.The campaign is alright if you enjoy playing against bots but I think most of us will get this game for the multiplayer. Up to now finding matches is difficult but I always manage to have 2 or 3 going at a time so it's manageable, just not a great selection out there.The units seem to have changed around a bit which is taking some serious getting used to along with the changes to the UI but once you get the hang of it the UI is manageable. I would say this is worth picking up for about 5euro and no more unless they do some work on it."
76561198011702200,Not Recommended,328600,15662056,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,cakatay,I wish i had not bought this.
,Not Recommended,328600,23665151,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,seize the means,"total♥♥♥♥♥♥ just buy the original frozen synapse, as this game is dead (and sucks!)"
,Recommended,328600,29769641,Posted: 7 February,all,Lich King,♥♥♥♥yeah amazing game lul
76561197971825130,Not Recommended,328600,12977220,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Haapy,"Wow. If the game only crashes once per match, that's a good round.I like the game itself, but trying to play it is too frustrating. Wait to buy this until the developers finish making it."
,Not Recommended,328600,22669236,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Moon is mysterious mistress,"Никаких новых идей, музыка, частично позаимствованная из оригинала, спорный дизайн, непонятные полуроботы в качестве    бойцов (в оригинале они были обычными людьми, если что), ненужные свистелки и перделки. Хотели улучшить оригинал с помощью графона и спецэффектов - получился кал. 0/10, смело проходим мимо, играем в первую часть, с нетерпением ждем Frozen Synapse 2, ведь трейлеры на данный момент выглядят очень соблазнительно."
,Not Recommended,328600,12951965,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,ismo,"Clunky controls, far worse than the original. New graphics, replay system - but somehow far less charming and far more constrictive than the first through an attempt to be intuitive/minimalist. The tutorial was pretty awful too.No reason to buy this, even with 50% off, when you can buy XCOM. It's inferior in every way."
,Not Recommended,328600,12953540,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Caimbeul.HarlequiN #571RB!,"the most important thing first:this game crashes so much, it is, in fact, unplayable.(in multiplayer it crashes every 5-60 seconds on my rig)the controls are absolutely clunky - really bad portation.i needed 5 minutes to figure out a way which would alter that clunky command wheel to be halfway useful:let me use my mousewheel while holding space, to choose a command in command wheel.would result in a much fluent playstyle - easy as f**k.even if u love the original as much as i do - dont buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,328600,12975213,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Gay Witch Cyrin,"crashes basically all the time-----UPDATE  April 2015Most (all?) of the crashes have been fixed, the only issue I'd say now is that it's annoying trying to find matches. Not nearly enough people playing, even though the game is async!"
,Recommended,328600,15793812,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Too Dank For This World,Awesome game! This is my first Frozen Synapse game so I cannot weigh in comparasion from its predecessor but I'm enjoying it a lot so far.
