user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198068926428,Recommended,328760,14492861,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,keepingitmetal,"I'm really torn on recommending or not recommending the game.It is a great game that simply shouldn't be a rogue-like. Deep combat, huge amount of RPG goodness like classes, crafting, customization, skills, discovery, exploration, and a deep narrative. So much to do. So much love in this game and the DOS-like interface is hardly noticeable. The game is very, very immersive and you grow attached to you characters. The game is deceptiely deep.. literally not one dull moment.There is a lot of content in the game. A full playthrough could easily go 10-15 hours.Therein lies the crappy part - this game is a 1-death permadeath roguelike. Some enemies are very very strong and sort of ""come out of nowhere""  and two-shot you (often after a wave of trivial fights). Your characters die rather... unceremoniously... and you get nothing from their deaths.  It's not like other roguelikes where the game is short enough to where it's alright, or you have sort of an ""HQ"" through which dying at least allowed some sort of gain... you start from square one.There is a ""softcore"" mode... but each death in this mode reduces global item drop rates. That just isn't fun. So much of the game is collecting items and managing them... not an inspiring or fun way to play the game. I don't count that as a decent softcore mode - each time you die the game becomes less fun and more tedious.EDIT: I WAS WRONG ABOUT SOFTCORE MODE! Each death DOES NOT drop global drop rates. Rather, global drop rates are dropped just once.. at the beginning of the game. Not as harsh. THAT SAID - the reduced item drop rate still is a ""punishment"" mechanic for choosing an easier difficulty. Further, softcore mode just feels... lame. You die and instantly come back and can enter that exact same fight with a single keypress. In other RPGs with a save system, you at least have to ""go through the dungeon"" or something similar. There are some stakes on the line for dying - you'll have to climb to the top of the mountain, or whatever. Softcore mode removes the stakes entirely. The game has two extremes - a completely inappropriate die-and-restart-the-entire-15-hour-game, or absolute-0-consequence-for-dying. Neither are compelling to me as a player. Game would be perfect with a Final Fantasy style in-between.Also, I know people say ""yeah, hard perma-death... that's the fun! that's the point"". But I don't know. It doesn't feel right for this game. It's so deep... there is so much joy just from the RPG elements. The game replays every narrative scene on playthroughs.... you slowly unlock gameplay elements EACH playthrough... it's like the game wasn't MEANT to be a roguelike. You end up banging the spacebar through story sequences you've already seen. You end up saltily unlocking skills and gameplay elements that you already have intimate knowledge of (""You've unlocked crafting - here's hw you craft"" after having been a craftmaster last playthrough). I feel like the developer jumped on the roguelike train on a game that didn't need to be a roguelike.The result of the harsh roguelike set-up with a simply ANNOYING and UN-FUN result is that you grind grind grind to make sure you don't die to an encounter that catches you off-guard. You make your character OP. Still, you may die to a surprise insanely powerful enemy... but maybe not.All this bad stuff said - the game is great fun. Well worth 5 dollars. ESPECIALLY if you like challenging rogue-likes and are slightly masochistic... GET THIS GAME. If you just want a great RPG... maybe look elsewhere. This game will frustrate you for being a great RPG that deletes your save when you die.3/5 (5/5 if not a rogue-like)"
,Recommended,328760,13340776,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,AmnesiacJack,"If you like exploration, witty dialogue, loot whoring and good music then you owe it to your self to try this game out. It has more depth than you might expect just by looking at it.- Crafting system? Check- Run a tavern? Check- Eat hobos? Check- Go mining? Check- Wrestle dragons with your pants down? CheckHate ASCII graphics? Well I hate you too, this game is easily the best $5 I've spent on a game this year."
,Recommended,328760,20291962,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,№₷℮₭ 👃,"My biggest (smallest?) gaming discovery of 2015.I'm too young (or better: not old enough) to have a first-hand experience with terminal-based cRPGs of their era.So initially I was just curious. Then I became addicted. It's a wonderful sensation to feel your imagination start working again. It's also remarkable - but shouldn't be surprising, right? - that you can have the amount of mechanics comparable to, say, Witcher's, embedded within medium so tiny.I only wish it was a little bit less cruel. But perhaps it's me who should be a little bit less soft :)"
,Recommended,328760,16458197,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,pleclair,"If you played any door games in the past, such as Trade Wars, Legend of the Red Dragon, Tele-Arena, and various other games played on BBSes, or later MUDs in the beginning of the internet, then do yourself a favor, and buy this right now, you don't need to read further.I'm such a person.  I played lots of door games, had a BBS myself, and been active on various BBSes for a good number of years, starting with a 2400 baud modem and going all the way up to 56k, then broadband.I saw SanctuaryRPG suggested to me, and as soon as I saw the store video, saying this was Steam's first ASCII game, and saw the very nice ASCII graphics indeed, I was sold instantly.  I didn't looked up the reviews, nor checked the forums, I didn't even expanded the more info on the game.  I just bought it.So when I tried it, I had the biggest surprise of my life... this game is pure genius.  Only with a text game you could come up with such a brilliant, deep, very deep, combat system.   Yeah, you heard me right, this text game has better combat than all graphic games out there.  And yet, you see nothing of the combat itself.  I won't spoil it, but it's real good.Don't be fooled, its no rogue-like in the common sense, you aren't a letter on a grid, and move one square at a time, with enemy moving after you.  This is played more like traditional door games.  Not MUDs tho.  You don't move with directions.  The rogue part is the permadeath, tho you can play softcore.  But I highly recommend you play the way its intended, classic with permadeath.The chip tunes soundtrack is very good and totally fit the game.I'm currently the owner of a tavern, serve drinks to customers, entertain them by smashing potatos on top of my head, amongst various other things, and sometimes they give me a gift, or leave :)Still reading?  Go buy it now!"
,Not Recommended,328760,29123911,Posted: 8 January,all,Fujihita,"Look on the bright side first, the soundtrack is great. The control scheme is neat. I like the graphic and some of the humors. I like the fact that bought this game for only 80 cent and got a full day out of it.Okay, now to the rant. The game design is broken beyond helping.I had a legendary dagger called ""Riot"" on a human wizard maxing out Dex, became a Grandmaster at level 80, and I still couldn't kill the final boss. So, I sold the legendary dagger and bought a common axe that has Umbral enchantment and slew boss with 0 point in Strength or Heavy Mastery.How do I feel about this anticlimatic ending? I feel trolled.1) Forget about tank builds- This game has HP, but late-game bosses (everything from the matron onwards) kill you via % max HP bleed, doom and mana threasing.- This game has evasion and block, but late-game bosses kill you via unavoidable, everlasting and incurable % max HP bleed, doom, and mana threasing.- This game has heals, but ALL of them deteriorate when you use ANY of them in a boss fight. I basically had to drop half of the combo set that has heals in it in order to preserve heal power for the last one third boss gauge.- Meanwhile, enemies grow stronger in time (you can too but your damage scaling is just way worse)2) Forget about dps builds- This game has combo, but your combo count resets upon heal and hitting a thorning boss costs 25% max HP to bleed stack PER HIT so it's impossible to combo. Also, nimble enemies break your combo (and in turn, your ultimate) entirely.- This game has ultimate, but late-game bosses have immunity to your ultimate, curse or bind you every other turn (as free action, they can ensnare you in the middle of their charge, which is ridiculous).- This game has statuses, your version inflicts % CURRENT HP, your enemy's version inflicts % MAX HP. Also, late-game bosses are immune to all statuses.3) Forget about new game+- This game has classes, but all classes have the same 1, 2, 3, 3 combo with little to no variations (same damage, same cost, same heal effects), the same mantras, the same specials, the same force barrier, the same time reversal, the same ultimates, etc.- Nothing changes past first playthrough."
76561198048299947,Recommended,328760,17773873,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,BleepBeep Bloop,"Overwhelmingly positive AND FOR A REASONthis game is awesome, insane replay value, high skill curve, I'm in lovethe text and characters are so random and lovelyEDIT (9 hours played): I'll edit this review every 3-5 hours more I play this game to see what changes.So far I find the game INSANELY challenging. you get an overload of skills and info very soon in the game, and it is hard to keep track of all the things you can do :Dthis however is not a negative, this game is huge! a ton of things to learn and explore. every run I get a bit further (have yet to beat it for first time :o ). Still totally addicted!!EDIT (16 hours played). Still not getting bored for a second. completed act 1 after dying over and over again! (probably super slow, but hey did it :D ) . Learning more every day and loving it more every day :D !!10/10 would stab myself with a potato againthat is my story"
,Not Recommended,328760,14674358,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Jinsaku,"I really wanted to like this game.I've been playing Roguelikes since the late 80s. I love the format and am willing to accept a lot of drawbacks for a good, immersive Roguelike experience. I even put 150 hours into Rogue's Tale, an unfair and punishing Roguelike solely due to how challenging it was.SanctuaryRPG isn't really a Roguelike, as much as it likes to say it is. It's really just a loot grind.Is the loot I just found/made better than what I have?Yes? Equip it. Scrap old item to get more materials to craft loot.No? Scrap it. Get more materials to craft loot.Repeat ForeverThe Town Hub could have been a neat idea, but it's too static. Nothing really changes. Go to the Blacksmith every so often to look at more gear. Go to the Market if you need a missing material. Go to the Library for a bit of exp every so often. Go to the campground to dig for loot...Basically, between the loot grind, go visit each place in the town hub for more loot or exp. Go back and fight random encounters. Repeat forever.Now, I say forever, but this is where the biggest fundamental flaw of SanctuaryRPG lies: The game is ridiculously easy in such a way that you play on autopilot until you realize you accidentally died because you've been playing on autopilot and you now have to start over.Sure, you can crank the combat difficulty up, but that doesn't seem to do much.The combat system is a neat idea and really the only interesting thing SanctuaryRPG brings to the table. There's a combo system and ability system that's pretty interesting. Big points for that piece. But the rest of the game doesn't do anything new or interesting.One of the other flaws in the game is that the ramp up, for a roguelike with permadeath, is way too long. I played 2 sessions of this game, both times into Act 2 before autopilot-mistake killed me about 3 hours in. That's way too long for the ""introduction"" period for a Roguelike. You can take off Permadeath to negate this, however, if you don't play with Permadeath some features of the game are locked down and progression is even slower.The story is awful and the humor is just referential. If you're a fan of when a game says, ""Hey, look! The cake is a lie! We just made a reference! Aren't we funny and edgy?!"", then you'll enjoy the humor in this game.I wish you could rate a ""meh"" as opposed to up or down, but I really can't recommend this game.Tl; dr: Diablo-Style loot grind on Hardcore mode that's so ridiculously easy you'll mindlessly autopilot the game until something instagibs you because you weren't paying 100% attention.How is that fun?"
,Recommended,328760,15098234,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Sanctuary RPG Black Editiongets my vote for Best Overall Game of the Year 2015.Gosh dang this is a good game!! Has somerealdepth, andexcellentartwork. Way to go guys, this is how indie game making is done. I mean its hard to come up with cons.Pros:1. Utterly addictive2. You only need the keyboard, and the controls are pure butter - so intuitive3. Crafting, base-building, taver-running, fighting, leveling up, arenas, and economy,  lore, etc. and its all really well done4. Little secrets here and there, you will be learning things for a while - and its fairly easy to pick up5. The roguelike feature is AWESOME because you have so much at stake for your character6. Music is really a good fit, and quite well doneCons:1. I honestly cannot think of any - please comment about negative things and I may change my mindSo much fun."
,Recommended,328760,28231774,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Andem,"I'm gonna recommend this game, but I'm going to say its only worth the price of 80 cents, which is what I got it for. Get it on a sale for that, and I think you'll be happy.I have a lot of mixed feelings on this one, it was really hard to thumbs up it but harder to NOT thumbs up it, and I just wanna write it down dang it leave me alone, this game really doesn't deserve 50 paragraphs written about it but screw it I guess I'm doing it anyway.I'm gonna start with the pros first so we can get it out of the way. Biggest best pro we got here is THE MUSIC. It's really nice. I really dig it. I don't think everyone will love it, but one thing I really respect about it is that there's like 15+ songs for fighting regular enemies. Most rpgs, turn taking ones especially, will make you go into a battle and play the same song over and over and over and over for every normal battle until you hate yourself. This one just puts a buncha songs in for every enemy. SURE sometimes it'll be a stupid weak skeleton and the music will sound like a final boss, but I appreciate it anyway.SECOND! I like the graphics/ascii style. It's a cute style, has its charm. People who see screenshots can easily decide if they like it or not, you'll pretty much get what you expect. My only issue with it is that the background often times does not mimic the area that's being described. Like you'll supposedly be in hell and you'll see a background of mountains. There's not exactly a large supply of graphics and ascii stuff.Third, the battle system is all right. It's a turn taking rpg, I mean how much can you do with it, unless its a strategy turn taking rpg? It does what it does all right, it tried to even spice it up to make it feel more actioney when it isn't at all. It almost feels fast paced at times. There's some cons with it which I'll bring up later, but I'll just say it's not the worst thing.ANYWAY, lets get to the cons. This game has two major cons that just really hold it back. I wanted more from this game, and it's a bit frustrating. It can make it seem like a thumbs down to me and some people because it's the worst kind of thing, where you like what you're playing but you just want MORE of it.First and biggest con. This game is a rogue-like for some reason. It's advertised as one, for sure, it didn't come as a shock. I expected it to be different, I suppose, done better. For everything I played with this game, I just don't think it was necessary for it to be a rogue-like at all. I think making it a rogue-like held it back on many many many levels.So you got yourself a rogue-like and you see there's different classes! Cool, I thought they'd actually play differently, and that's where the rogue-like part comes in. Nah, they all play pretty much completely the same, but with different stats. I wouldn't mind this at all if, you know, you didn't lose everything when you die.Then there's the story. Maybe the story changes every time you play? Nope, it's the same exact thing, some exact quests, same exact grind. I'd be okay with the grind, I really would, but what fun is there grinding for literally 6+ hours, and then dying to a random enemy because you let it get 2 swings on you and you scrolled by the text too fast? That's what ended my last game, and I did not feel the desire to keep going.Going on with the grindy aspect, there's A LOT of items in the game, and a lot of randomly generated crafting items. You'll have to spend QUITE sometime making stuff if you want to get the best equipment, leveling your skills, and just in general crafting and sorting through the junk. Then, once again, if you die, its all gone. What's the reason for it?There's just no change. You'll get some different enemies in between, but they're just healthbars, there's no ""story"" change in anyway whatsoever. There IS an option to play without perma-death, but it's marked as ""not-recommended"" and you'll lose out on ""extra bonuses"" whatever those are. I think it's safe to assume most people are gonna do the normal perma-death version because you don't know what's in store for you or how different it will be.ALL in all, I think it was just a really bad decision to make this a rogue-like. There's just too much grinding and virtually no reason to ever start a new game. It's not like Binding of Isaac where one run will take at most an hour, and you might get random items that completely change how you play the game every time.Imagine it's like Pokemon, but once you get a white out in Pokemon, you gotta start ALL over. Sure, it's not hard to do that at all, but why would you want to? Some people make specific challenges for that, and that's fair, but the regular game does not punish you with that because it knows that would be foolish and unfun.Okay, well I got that outta the way. The second big con is partially because of the first con still.The story. It's very shallow AT TIMES and the first two acts have the tone just ALL over the place. For a text based game, a story is very important, but I feel the writer/game dev/whoever was held back by the fact that it's a rogue-like. The descriptions and story events are written very quickly and there's not a huge burst of information, which can be done really well at times.But for this game, it feels it leaves more questions than answers, and a lot of the questions aren't very fun questions. There is a lack of a world in this game, it's not explained incredibly well, and doesn't go into great description of what it is even as you go on. The tone can go from being incredibly serious to dopey memes in the same sentence. There was one part where this guy is trying to rebuilt a robot in the likeness of his dead daughter right? Seems a pretty dark and sad thing, and then one of his failed creations is like ""404 daughter love not found, hug.exe not responding"" and it just really really takes you out of it.A lot of the humor can feel like ""le random"" at times too. There are potatoes in the world, and for whatever reason, everyone hates potatoes. A lot. It's never explained. If it was explained, maybe I could give it a pass, but it's usually just ""UGH POTATOES, I HATE THEM"" like and it just makes you think of ""le penguin of doom XD"" and you die a little on the inside.At the same time, the story can be pretty nice. I really liked the descriptions of hell and the hell beings. At that point they mostly did away with dumb meme jokes, and I appreciated it. Wish though that they delved deeper into that, tried to make sense of what it was doing, instead of being really sarcastic and uncaring about your story. I get the feeling like the author was afraid to try on this a lot. I see the potential, but they were worried it would look cliche and dumb. Personally, I feel it's better to try than just not try at all, but I suppose that was their way of trying, so I don't know.SO I wrote like 60 grillion words on a dumb 80 cent game. There were some bad times, it's very flawed, but overall I really liked the experience and I'm genuinely glad I played it, if not for the fact that it made me want to play more text/ascii adventures. Anyone who read all this disjointed garbage of a review, sorry, because it certainly sounds like I'm making it seem like its a terrible game while recommending it.TL;DR: 80 cents is fine, anything more than a buck, I don't think so."
,Recommended,328760,32659289,Posted: 22 June,all,Edgar Allen Drone,"Perfect game for killing time.Perfect game for fans of rogue lite RPG's.Perfect game.P.S. during the Steam Summer Sale of 2017, it's the perfect game for 79 cents."
76561198070656354,Recommended,328760,31522981,Posted: 3 May,all,Magic[z],"1, 2, 3, 3 simulator10/10"
,Recommended,328760,19810159,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,OgNimaeb,"Summary (for tl;dr readers):I love this game! It's innovative yet keeping within the core practices of old-school roguelikes. Play it for at least 10-15 hours to truly appreciate it. 9/10.Pros:-Beautiful ASCII art-Wonderful soundtrack-In-depthmechanics and gradual learning curve-An old-school roguelike that is not a clone of Angband/Nethack/ADOM-Funny-Good crafting system-Solid RPG elements-Good replayabilityCons:-It could do with some more content and rebalancing-The story is a bit lacking-The encounters (events) can get a bit too randomPossible caveats (i.e. things you might either love or hate):-Absolutely unforgiving (in non-softcore modes)-Repetitive combat (it's a design choice, but it can get frustrating)-The community is rather small-Very different from Angband/Nethack/ADOM, and somewhat less in-depth-No new-school roguelike progression (a la Rogue Legacy), but progressing in the game will unlock new options-It has a weird obsession with potatoesDetailed review:Sanctuary RPG is an ASCII roguelike that does not follow the steps of Angband/ADOM/Nethack, so if that is what you are expecting you might be disappointed. The exploration is done via menu choices, rather than moving your character around a map, and so is the combat, dialogue, and pretty much everything else. The immersion is achieved, instead, through some rather stunning ASCII art, an absolutely outstanding soundtrack, and various interactions with enemies and NPCs. The game mechanics, and various menus, are complex enough to keep things interesting throughout the game, but not so much to become overwhelming; this is also achieved by new features, skills, and areas becoming gradually available as your character levels up.If what you are missing, however, is the unforgiving nature of old roguelikes, then look no further. Sanctuary RPG looks deceptively friendly at first, with its light humour and digestible chunks of text, but the moment you get distracted or overconfident, you're dead, no mater how overpowered you felt ten seconds ago. The game is rather difficult to master, not because the underlying mechanics are complicated, but because you have to be very careful with all your decisions, just like in any old roguelike worth its salt. I have played it for over 20 hours and never managed to get past act 2. For those looking for a less frustrating experience, the game also has a softcore mode, with reduced loot drops and no permadeath.As some reviewers have mentioned, the combat does get a bit repetitive, again, like in any old-school roguelike, and that is exactly how most of my characters meet their untimely demise: I get distracted and miss a crucial step to heal or use an ability. This is a design choice, I believe, and one I understand and accept, however much it frustrates me to lose my precious wizards to it again and again.Some of the text could do with a spell check, but there are no major grammatical mistakes, just a couple of sentences here and there that sound a bit odd. As much as the content has grown and been improved over the last year or so, I would love to see more dialogue choices for the NPCs you meet in every adventure, as those get a bit old after a while and lack depth. I also feel that some of the randomly generated loot needs a bit of a rebalance, but that may also be a design choice to prevent characters from getting too strong too quickly.I think my main gripe is with the small size of the community that plays this game. It is very difficult to find guides, and even the wiki is barely there. As such, it is rather difficult to compare strategies with other players. Many players seem to abandon this game after a few hours, which I think isn't anough to fully appreciate it. And while it is fun, and in-theme with the old-school roguelike vibe (I didn't have walkthroughs for Angband back in the 90s!) to discover the game by trial and error, sometimes it also gets a bit frustrating.All in all, however, I truly love this game. It's balanced, it's fun, and it's unforgiving in a very familiar way, while also being surprisingly innovative. If any of its elements appeal to you, you can't go wrong for that price, give it a chance. And get the soundtrack too! :)"
,Recommended,328760,15707723,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,CheckSix,"Here is the short and sweet: This is a surpisingly enjoyable game. Buy it.- SanctuaryRPG is RPG in its core form. You get right at the stats, drops, and builds that makes RPG... RPG. No fancy UI interfaces get in the way. It is in the title of the game. RPG. RPG. RPG.- Feature to turn off dialog exists if you find it too annoying.- It is text, it takes seconds to get in to battle from startup. This makes it perfect for both casual and in-depth gaming sessions.- You die, game over. Each battle plays out in different ways. Working several hours on a toon to only die because you didn't pay attention in battle... sucks! (You can turn off perma-death if you want. It is more exciting with it on, and the drops are better. Recommend you do classic to start with.)- Pacing is up to you. Play casual or play hardcore.This game isn't perfect, but the downsides are so minor there is no reason to mention them."
,Recommended,328760,15694308,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Libertygeek,"Okay, first off I am old.  I admit it.  I was big in bulletin boards back in the 80s and early 90s before the Web took off. Back there there were a number of BBS games like Legend of the Red Dragon (LoRD) that I spent countless hours playing online (I used online in jest as it was a dial-up to another PC, or sometimes my own BBS that I ran.  Anyway early text based RPGs used to be the thing back then.  You had to use this little thing called imagination that most gamers don't exercise much these days.   Where am I going with all this?  Well SanctuaryRPG returns me to those days.  Days when I would have a blast just hititng a few keys and enjoying the ride.   SanctuaryRPG is very enjoyable so far to me.  I haven't spent a ton of time playing yet, just 2.5 hours but I have had a blast during that time.Don't let the ASCII graphics fool you, they are done with amazing detail.  The game play is what matters here though. You will be scratching for just one more turn.  Dont' say I didn't warn you."
76561198012825255,Recommended,328760,13372875,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Judge Cudge,"This game is absolutely fantastic and hilarious, but until they make hyper trample at least semi-close in damage to any other mechanic in the game, then this game really doesn't have to right to have perma-death.A normal enemy many levels below you can do 5 times the damage of a bosses ult with a hyper trample and insta-kill you at any point, it is the only thing that seems to ever kill me or anyone else I know who has played this game. It is ludicrously powerful, seemingly possible for any enemy, and even if you ONLY upgrade vitality it can and will kill you at full life in one hit.If I'm going to lose I want it to be from the game, not just hyper trample. It's a dinner plate sized blemish on the face of a game that is amazing in nearly every other way. Until this type of attack is overhauled, it changes the whole game to focus around making damn well sure you attacked in the right rhythm to be able to dodge it, and if you can't or if you are snared, then you instantly lose everything you've ever worked for. Period. The game in its current form revolves around avoiding this singular mechanic far and above anything else, and it trivializes the game in its entirety.*Edit*The game has been patched since I wrote the above review, and although hyper trample still poses a massive threat there are now more appropriate means of mitigation. That being said, even later in the game when you are decked out it won't be uncommon for it to hit for 50% of your health. But at the very least you can eventually achieve the ability to not die in the event you are forced to tank a hit from the attack.Due to the dev's close attention to the issue and the fact the game is utterly fantastic in every other quality, I would consider this game worth buying despite a few of the more annoying combat mechanics."
,Recommended,328760,32935072,Posted: 28 June,all,raqyee,Cheaper than coke.
76561198045430955,Recommended,328760,28379879,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Jabocus,"This game was probably the best 0.79 cents I'll spend for a long time.I'd recommend it to anybody craving a good turn-based RPG. Progression is often heavily gated by the quality of the loot that you're able to find and craft, but that was a plus for me, because I love RNGesus with all my heart.Though you shouldn't need to do too much of it, grinding is actually pretty pleasant, because you won't have to wait for animations to play. Things will move as quickly as your fingers will allow them to. However, going on auto-pilot all the time is almost guaranteed to kill you: SanctuaryRPG challenges players by forcing them to adapt their strategies (which are generally pretty simple) to an extensive list of modifiers that determine how each enemy should be approached (e.g. some reflect damage, some are immune to your ultimate, some drain your mana, etc...). This is especially true for fights against bosses, which can have multiple modifiers at once.Combat is really smooth. As always, your goal is losing the race to the end of your health bar, but there are other factors besides HP and MP to consider during fights. Every turn, you'll have to keep track of your distance from the enemy, debuff stacks, ult status, combo count, buff durations, buff costs (they tick over many turns), guarding, action commands (e.g. grapples, hit confirms, charges), and other things. The game's interface is deceptively simple, because even though each element is easy to understand on its own, juggling all of them at once in short turns is a fun challenge.Gearing up and allocating stat points is really intuitive, but you can still make some pretty creative builds. My best character so far was a level 58 Goern Assassin with bows that focused on DEX and VIT.I really enjoyed the music. If you're interested, I'm pretty sure you can find the full in-game OST and the piano version of 12 of the in-game tracks on youtube.I thought the ASCII was cool, but that's obviously just a personal thing. Some of the landscapes are pretty lackluster, but the enemies, weapons, and other larger-scale objects look gorgeous.I'm going to keep playing, because it does a great job scratching my itch for a simple yet highly engaging RPG. I'd happily pay up to 15 bucks for it if I had to buy it again. If you're even mildly curious about what the game is like, just pony up when it goes on sale again, because reviews and gameplay footage will not do the experience justice."
,Recommended,328760,22946543,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,eltee,"(9/10)This feels like something right out of my childhood.  A quirky, ascii, encounter driven RPG with an actual decent story, good characters, a great sense of humor, and just a charm and finesse that really hit home.The best way I can describe this is like I just got passed a shareware disk (with a k), and it had 5 random things on it that were quickly forgotten, and then this one other crazy game in there that head-lines the collection and suddenly you find its hours and hours later and you are still playing.If you like quirky/original takes on nostalgic genres and art styles, by all meand give this one a try.  Its the rare gem that is really way more than you were expecting and can tie you up for hours and hours with just raw mechanics and gameplay (since being a turn based ascii rpg, gameplay is basically the main focus)."
,Recommended,328760,28920360,Posted: 1 January,all,AvG,You can own a bar.
76561198030892147,Recommended,328760,31674533,Posted: 10 May,all,77,"A good throw back to players who used to play MUDs and older text based RPG games. I played a lot out of this game when it was free, when it came on Steam I decided to buy it in appreciation for all the hours and fun I had from this game.If you are new to text based games you may find this game frustrating or boring."
,Recommended,328760,14740527,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,pandarukun,"SanctuaryRPG:BE is a refreshing taste of nostalgia. It has a complex combat system, mixed with great rpg elements that form an outstanding game. This game is very dependant on choices made in combat, as well as character improvement. This game is very deep, and has a lot of content and replayablility. The flavor text is outstanding, creative, and downright comical.Pros:- Complex combat system- Hilarious flavor text- Deep perk mechanics- Creative race choices- Strong rpg elements- RoguelikeCons:- The perks and races can seem daunting at first- Feels a little grindy- Getting the gold to buy items takes a whileOverall, this game was a great buy, and if you do buy it, I hope you enjoy many hours of wonderful ASCII happiness. [Perfect game to play when short on time (or any time for that matter)]I rate 9.5/10"
,Recommended,328760,14656394,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,ThatOneGing,"My father leaned over while I was sitting there playing this game, and simply laughed and said ""this is like a computer game I would have played when I was younger."" Simply put, this game is a text based Diablo thats written a little bit better IMO. Its addicting, if you love RPG's than this is an absolute must to try."
76561198057772494,Recommended,328760,31869776,Posted: 20 May,all,Benji!:),"SanctuaryRPG:Black Edition.I know I've not played this game for many hours. But, if you're looking for an relaxing game to play, that has a lot of humour and a good story line, this is the game for you! Another key point, is that you can run your own tavern and you can earn a lot of money by doing so.Pros:+ The humour is great+ Nice economical system+ Good music+ Very relaxing game+ Good combat+ Nice crafting+ Blacksmith systemAnd to top it all, the game has the most interesting background stories I've ever read.Cons:- The only thing I can think off here, is that some people might not like the graphics or the character creation. However, these aspects are NOT the most important side of the game.Felt like I had to write this review. It's rather vague, but I hope it atleast helps someone!"
,Not Recommended,328760,21539128,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,natek9,Pressing '?' during a battle to get help gives the enemy a free turn.  I love HARDCORE roguelikes but accessing the help screens to try and decypher the myriad of status effects and then promptly losing a turn?  That's not even remotely fair.  That's not even funny.  That's just bad programming.
76561198007610457,Recommended,328760,13346330,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,MperorM,"Do you enjoy roguelikes? Do you enjoy Hack n' slashes? This game is just for you! The game is chuck full of content. Do not take its early access label, as something bad. It has hours upon hours of gameplay, and in the 50 or so hours I have played (played it before steam), I have not seen a single bug.The game also has a humor that may and may not be for you. It is very hit and miss.I can only reccomend this game to anyone who is a fan of murdering stuff and picking up loot!"
,Recommended,328760,23192106,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,🍕ACTIONBOMBA🍕,ASCIIome game !!
,Recommended,328760,25814405,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,kbacku,"I got up to level 35, got killed in one hit, cried."
,Recommended,328760,14516561,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Hans Gruber,"INTROSanctuary was an impulse buy for me because I have a weakness for ASCII art and keyboard controlled games. Like many of my Steam purchases, I was fully prepared for this to entertain me for a single play session and to be quickly forgotten. I was not prepared for how immediately engaging this game would be.DIFFICULTYI continually feel rewarded by the frequent leveling and item drops. I was never in any doubt that my character was growing increasingly more powerful with every action taken, and I've never felt the need to grind levels or gear. Despite this being true across my playthroughs, the game never allows me to be careless. Any encounter could easily result in my death which, in Classic mode, is permanent. For me, there is a perfect balance between reward and challenge in this game.GAMEPLAYIn addition to advancing the story, there are various side tasks that can be performed often, but not constantly, including crafting, management, fetch quests, and battles. I did not ignore any of these since they provide experience and offer a nice diversion. I'm not sure if the core gameplay might become a bit monotonous if I ignored all of these side tasks.LENGTHI have not succeeded in beating the game yet, but I'd estimate that an average, successful playthrough would take 2-4 hours depending on familiarity with the game mechanics and progression. Keep in mind though that this estimate is based on the assumption that I've made it to the final encounter of the game.STORY & WRITINGIt's too soon for me to accurately say, but the story seems to be entirely linear. This could be considered a negative to some due to the game's length and permadeath feature. A softcore game type is option, but this seems to prevent unlocking some game options. In my opinion though, the story is very well written and there likely would have been a quality drop if it had been branching or randomized. The flavor text that is included with battles and other interactions has been entertaining and varied enough to me to keep me looking forward to reading it.SOUNDI appreciate the retro-inspiration and found the music to be very, very enjoyable. Sound effects are about what I expected, though there are situations where a battle end sound effect seems to be missing, which briefly takes me out of the experience.REPLAYABILITY & VALUEOnce I beat the game, I'm not sure if I will immediately start playing with a new class or if I will move on to another game, but I know that I'll have enjoyed every hour spent during that playthrough and would gladly pay $7.99 again if I had to do it over.Update on game length: I completed Act 3 in about 3.5 hours as a Barbarian. I assumed this would be the end of the game. There is an Act 4, but it felt more like post-game than a continuation. I, admittedly, did not live much longer though, so it's possible that I just didn't progress the story yet. I ended up dying during ""Ranked Matchmaking"" at the Colosseum."
,Recommended,328760,14534040,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,twitch.tv/im_lights,"This is my absolute favorite genre of game. an oldschool single player RPG with all the cliche elements (paladins, blacksmiths, potatos, ect.) For a really long while, I couldn't find anything (other than an old game called fate if you've heard of it, would recommend) until very recently.I only have about an hour into the game and I already love it more than pretty much any other RPG i've played in a long time.To anyone on the fence about buying this game: If you don't like the art style, don't let that be the reason you don't buy the game. I personally wasn't a big fan at first, but it grows on you and combined with the games interface it just 'works'. The game has a fun combat system, it has a lot more depth than a lot of modern RPG where its just 'go here, do this' 'go there, do that' 'go in there and stab that big guy, you win!', and the person who wrote the dialog in this game is genius."
76561198087042109,Recommended,328760,19451770,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Notorious B.I.G.,"Fantastic text based dungeon crawler with a surprisingly deep combat system. Offers great help on how to play the game and its complex combat details but not so much that it gets on your nerves. If you're looking for an inexpensive well balanced RPG, this is it. Demo is also available if you are not 100% sure"
76561198010240322,Recommended,328760,33887341,Posted: 29 July,all,Someoneman,"SanctuaryRPG is a strange game. Strange in tone: the game's strange sense of humor and obsession with potatoes will either leave you laughing or weirded out. Strange in gameplay: the game combines elements from roguelikes (randomized content, ASCII graphics, dying erases your save file), western and eastern RPGs (leveling up, turn based combat), and fighting games (combos and positioning in battle). Add to that a stellar chiptune soundtrack and you have a game that's not for everyone, but if it sounds to your tastes, you should go ahead with it. If you're on the fence, wait for a sale: the game is often 90% off, a steal."
,Recommended,328760,22441371,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,jim bob,"One of the best text based, keyboard only games I've played in a while. Imagine one of those batch file RPGs that your friends would share on a USB, except 100x better. The music is great. One thing I don't like would be the endgame. Around level 150-200 (where I am now) it becomes such a grind.8/10"
,Recommended,328760,23241960,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Aarquen,"When I first played this game, I found it boring,. I thought people only liked it because it was a retro roguelike game, and it was overrated.But I was wrong. I decided to play it again, and it surprised me.The story isn't amazing, but it's nice. And the game has a lot of features I didn't know! You can dig for treasures, own a tavern, craft armor and weapons, open portals with new dungeons and bosses, participate in the arena and win soul shards, choose your side between the brotherhood and resistance.. It gets repetitive after a while, but it's worth it.A great game for people who really likes rpg and roguelikes."
,Recommended,328760,32694997,Posted: 23 June,all,Sir Topsi,The Ascii Art is very nice. The user interface and the controls are great. The humor works for me. But it gets repetitive really quick. A little less of the humor and more story and character development would help a great deal.
,Recommended,328760,28640387,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Ash,"wow this is actually amazing. 55p on sale, honestly feel like i didn't pay enough"
76561197992091766,Recommended,328760,24323763,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Strider,"Ok this is old school RPG mudding with music, great adventuring and story line.The developers really need to follow this up with another in the same mode.Very artistic game, I really enjoy playing in classic mode.If you like text based adventure games this is a must IMHO!"
,Recommended,328760,14523260,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Monger,"Recommended Buy - great replay value and enough content to put to shame AAA RPGs and MMOs released in the last two years.The music is a blast back to 8-bit gaming but evolved and helps with immersion.  Think Lord of the Rings meets Nintendo.ASCII graphics fit the genre well, painting a picture and leaving some to the imagination.Main story carries through even to side missions and quests, you still hear tidbits about what you're really there to do.Swear to god this feels like Kingdom of Loathing had a one-night stand with the Final Fantasy Series on a MUD and this is the offspring that was produced."
,Recommended,328760,14463482,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Bauchan,"One big book of jokes...- I found some onions. had 4 options.1] Boil them.2] Mash them.3] Put them in a stew.4] Jog away.What game does this? Even if you don't enjoy RPG rogue-likes, get the game for at least the jokes. It's worth it."
,Recommended,328760,32355301,Posted: 11 June,all,LOAF (THE ALMIGHTY),"I got this game a few years ago during a steam summer sale, and originally thought it wasnt much. played for a few hours, died at level 35, got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and pretty much shelfed the game. Now that ive gotten back into it, ive had more fun then ive ever had! this game is honestly a rare gem in the steam market, and it was executed near-flawlessly.im currently a level 77 goern templar, with a large potato following me around :P Have fun and HURRAH FOR ASCII GAMES!"
76561197982019610,Recommended,328760,18081719,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Lobo,"This is an outstanding game. It harkens back to games played on dial-up BBS's.  It is very well designed with a near perfect balance between side quests, and main quest. It is very hard to stop playing once you start. You won't miss 3D graphics, and actually the ASCII art is amazing. If you want to play a game that will suck you in until the early morning hours, then pick this puppy up."
76561197990421218,Recommended,328760,32776650,Posted: 25 June,all,TheSlave!,"I little nostalgia. Simple mechanics, it's an old school text based rpg with sme fun text art. Enjoy it for what it is."
,Recommended,328760,23236679,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,WaferQuakey,"This game is fantastic! So many interesting mechanics for the combat and outside of that as well, this game has an amazing amount of depth! It's got an astonishing soundtrack that will have you head over heels wanting to buy it. The game is a breath of fresh air, a departure from more serious rouge types, with its great personality!"
,Recommended,328760,19347752,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,feisayyr2003lmao,"This game made battles with enemies thrilling, WITHOUT USING IMAGES.Amazing."
76561198013038775,Not Recommended,328760,30019395,Posted: 18 February,all,Poochy ain't stupid!,"A very original game. The writing is both good and weird, leaving me flabbergasted at what just happened many times. The music is nothing short of excellent! Seemingly easy to grasp concepts bear far more depth than a quick glance would indicate. All in all I'd say this game is quite the.. experience.But!I died many times without actually getting why. SanctuaryRPG: Black Edition can be very random at times. And while the gameplay tempts you to rush encounters, since most of them can be resolved by pressing the same two or three keys over and over, doing so can quickly lead to disaster when an opponent suddenly does something unexpected. Like reducing you from full health to.. nothing.After losing two high level characters in situations in which I had absolutely no idea what I could have done differently, my butthurt reached a point where I simply had to uninstall.So in conclusion, I have to give a thumbs down for this one. But that's just me. If you are less of a filthy casual than me and can stomach losing hours of gameplay to hard-to-grasp mistakes and/or generally have the patience to pay attention to more or less the same screen, looking for slight differences in statuses and numbers to avoid these mistakes in the first place; go for it! The game is not very expensive. And for the price, you can get quite the amount of entertainment out of it. Just don't expect it to be overly casual."
76561197997506993,Recommended,328760,22222596,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Charha,"In a nutshell I'd say that Sanctuary RPG is a choose your own adventure / roguelike parody. The ascii artwork looks great and the soundtrack is awesome.The game world is pretty zany and it's impossible to predict what's lurking behind the next corner. There is a slight learning curve as you figure out how to optimize your attacks, craft armor and so on. Although the game advances in a rather straightforward and simple manner, you can also spend some time fighting monsters in the arena, running a tavern and scavenging resources. A delightful little game that's bigger on the inside."
76561198091096694,Recommended,328760,33620740,Posted: 17 July,all,Dexter_Reid,"Very fun game, I've been playing it in hour-long chunks, or even longer if I can stretch one run that long. The dialouge is funny and the music is satisfying, especially during some of the bosses.It might take a while to familiarize yourself with the mechanics, since there's a lot to take in at first, but it isn't overwhelming. Highly recommend if you're into the genre."
,Recommended,328760,25952188,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,DanzQueen,"Thanks to this game, I can finally appreciate my large potato. Do recommend, highly witty and well written."
,Recommended,328760,31826505,Posted: 18 May,all,RedPandaPaws,Really interesting and engaging combat tied together with amazing music. This game looks like it would be boring but the music and sound design really don't let that happen.
76561198052365293,Recommended,328760,24751293,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,stout_studs,All you need to know about this game. Can be found right here.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PGEY0o51v4A
,Recommended,328760,28126803,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,pedipanol,"I dare saying this is one of the best RPGs I've ever playedI've run into this game because I heard some tracks from its soundtracks and god, it was totally worth it! It's got some pretty funny lines and the gameplay never feels like ""more of the same"" to me, and the soundtrack just sounds sooo much better ingame, I couldn't even believe it!Totally worth buying it."
76561198297324561,Recommended,328760,28295291,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Mucho Autismo,"Best RPG I have played in a really long time, dare I say the best even. Music is great. Good dialogue. Great combat system. Good Interface. Confusing tutorial. Cool ASCII art style. Just fun in general.I would rate a 9 out of 10. Would be a perfect 10 if it wasn't as hard to start. Definitely something that you can look past though. Would definitely reccomend to most RPG fans.So far I have really enjoyed the game, really looking forward to playing some more of this one. The only thing that I really disliked was the tutorial."
,Recommended,328760,14474436,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,(YouTube)Dragnix,"A cleverly done ASCII RPG with a surprisingly in depth combat system, and good humor along the way. It's got a lot of attention to detail, and honestly has been tremendous fun, even when you can miss something due to all the dialogue. It's definitely worth your time.For more information and first Impressions:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yC1gTgjGsZk"
76561198167613087,Recommended,328760,20270460,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,lordvahk97,"Not a bad game, but I really don't think this game warrants an ""overwhelmingly positive"" rating ratio. It is very grindy, the combat felt a little bit shallow after the initial shock value of all the commands, the fact it doesn't really resemble a roguelike but perhaps a roguelite, etc. Again, it's not a bad game, just really not a game I personally enjoy playing. However, I do take issue with the fact it is advertised as a roguelike, when it isn't in any real meaningful way.If there was a ""possibly recommend"" option, I'd pick that. I am going with ""recommend"" for now as it seems like the devs at least had fun with the game and tried making it humorous (again, not my style, but the effort is at least there)."
,Recommended,328760,25640923,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,PerksHunter,"Wouldn't have thought I'd get into text based games, but here I am recommending one.SanctuaryRPG is a fast paced rogue-like rpg, where you explore the world through various encounters, events and treasures. The mechanics are easy to get into after the initial reading, and the reactions can take minimal time, so the game could be progressed rather fast. Repeating previous zones doesn't feel like a grind but rather another step in the adventure as there are tons of hidden events to to find.Besides the main progression you have your extra managing of various buildings where you can get quests, gear and mercenaries, as well as earn money and progress in the arena.The music is really memorable and amazingly fitting.I only regret the game not having gear storage, each new piece is either replacing your current one or salvaged for parts.Overall, highly recommended."
76561198055089888,Recommended,328760,14694556,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,aloiiv_wizard,"SanctuaryRPG: BE is deep, technical, unforgiving, hilarious, and wonderful.  You have to stay on your potatoes because death is death.For a very smooth first look I recommend the Let's Play by BranTargaryen.  He is playing the free version, still available at the SanctuaryRPG website.  Black Edition offers a lot more content and an overall smoother interface; it's well worth picking up.  Since the steam release there have been 8 or 9 small bugfix and balance patches, so this isn't one of those games that will end up shipped and forgotten with a glaring bug."
,Recommended,328760,14663336,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,0dds_0f_Even,"I've been following this game since I played the demo (I didn't buy the early access version because of skepticism from other game devs that take advantage of Early Access for easy cash & you can play the demohttp://blackshellgames.itch.io/srpgfirst before buying) so when I saw this game on steam I had to buy it because the game was a modern resurrection of the text based RPGs for today's generation with an addicting 8-bit soundtrack to jam to & it also has a very unique ASCII artstyle to look at (some people might not like the artstyle because it looks too retro but personally I don't give a damn about graphics) while executing fun, permadeath gameplay for the hardcore gamer to waste many hours on (There's a softcore mode but that mode isn't fun because it's too easy but if your new to hardcore RPGs text based or not I guess that mode is for you I guess & there are two other modes but you have to beat the game on classic mode to get them both).Our story is about a man, woman or ""other"" (You can pick any gender) that has an obsession with potatoes who by fate when a magical book goes haywire you the hero have to go saving the world from chaos (That's kind of the story because from here on now random, hilarious writing will take over while your adventuring) & the game really delivers with the gameplay because with all those numbers you have to type in the game actually requires a little bit of strategy because some monsters are relentless & you have to pay attention for a green letter at the same time for major damage.The crafting in the game is kinda complicated because you have to make sure the item doesn't overheat or lose durability because again this game is very unforgiving but if you manage to succeed you get better items most of the time depending on how well you did, the exploration is very random because of all the weird events that take place in the game, you also have your blacksmith who eats weapons that you decline because most of the time you don't have enough money, a tavern where you can kill the owner so you can take over the business & get money for yourself to serve local drunks, your own hut to sleep & dig up minerals with, some religious propaganda from the almighty ""Great One"" which come in positive pamphlets (There's also another religion which is like atheism where you have your own opinion on everything & you rebel against the ""Great One"") & all sorts of other important crap that you'll see a lot in the game because again this game is very random so I can't explain everything because you have to play the game for yourself to understand how ridiculous the game is.The only con that I have to say about this game is that the game gets grindy sometimes because with all of those overpowered monsters later on in the game you have to level up your character for a long time till you think your ready but the disappointment will come anyways because death occurs a lot so overall it's a great game to buy (Very fair price too) I suggest getting it.Don't forget to leave feedback because it helps me a lot (I might update the review if I progress more in the game or if any feedback comes). I also expect a great future from Black Shell Media because the devs communicate with the consumers a lot, they update their games a lot & they take feedback seriously so that's another reason you should buy their games."
,Recommended,328760,15827061,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Cruiser,- The first rule of potatoes is you have to talk about potatoes.- The second rule of potatoes is you have to eat potatoes.- The third rule of potatoes is you must do what the potato says.- The fourth rule of potatoes is you trust in the power of the spud.- The fifth rule of potatoes is there will always be more rules.
,Recommended,328760,21331386,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,deornt,"Theody, the Classic Lvl 170 Medium Male Human Marauder=====You have been conclusively BESTED at Lvl 170 by a Demon.In 15 hours and 11 minutes, you've killed 660 enemies.Your 'Lawful Stuck-Up' life has been archived.=====VIT: 1116STR: 1221INT: 3DEX: 199WIS: 146=====in loving memory"
,Recommended,328760,30398341,Posted: 8 March,all,Starving Poet,Tongue in cheek humor - good combat system - mid-90s BBS RPG feel.What more is there to like?
76561197963523123,Recommended,328760,21424123,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,FireSloth,"I don't ever want to stop playing this game!  I sat down 11.5 hours ago to check it out for a bit before launching one of my current addictions... I figured it would be good.  Well, let's just say it's a MUST HAVE.  For me it's a 10/10 and possibly in the ""if I could only keep 10 of my games forever"" list.  I don't want to say too much about the game itself, but it's very polished and well thought-out.  I haven't died yet, but I look forward to replaying it with different character types."
76561198034010598,Recommended,328760,21555647,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Kira-chan,Really great game... if you look for something that will give you hard time you can get it right here... you will play and you will die. Often. At least if you play with the setting of monster powerlevel :D  GL
,Recommended,328760,33474388,Posted: 12 July,all,THE BAAATH,If you enjoy text based games like the good old days I highly reccomend this art work.
76561197979875832,Recommended,328760,32710774,Posted: 23 June,all,Prustan,"A nice, simple and cheap game that proves you don't need the latest graphics, gimmicks and technology to have fun."
76561198092126835,Recommended,328760,17199073,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Greatzilla,"Pros:- Awesome combat- Expansive story- Lots of humor- Plenty of content- Unique look- Great musicCons:- Perma-deathThis game is amazing, there is so much to do, some many enemies to fight, and lots of laughs to be had. You will love this game until you are defeated by an enemy and realize you have to start at square one, no matter how much time you have put into your character. I think some games are fine with perma-death, but this game isn't one of those games. SanctuaryRPG is way too big and expansive to have perma-death. I know that there is a softcore mode, but that mode makes it way too easy as their is very little punishment for dying contrary to what the mode description says. I would give this game a 9/10 or maybe even 10/10 if it wasn't for the permanant death. I'll still reccomend this game because there is still a lot of fun to be had, just be ready to lose everything when you die in SanctuaryRPG.6/10"
,Recommended,328760,21424232,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,chx125ck,"A really great game, though I haven't got enough time to play it through.It's like a traditional RPG that was popular years ago but still brings loads of fun.10/10 would recommend this game"
76561198055002738,Recommended,328760,22590927,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,marblar1337,LOVE this game ASCII art is awsome its funny entertaning and a epic RPG easy to pick up and hard to master  Definitely recommended this gaem eveyone should play it. There's several daunting trils making it something you'll want to replay a  just to push yourself and really explore what the game has to offer. Definitely HIGHLY recommended paly it NOW
,Recommended,328760,22997490,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,König Ludwig XVIII,"Graphics won't be a problem!This is an old style text adventure that gets tough at times. Prepare for either tactical showdowns or grindfests later on. Brutal, cheap and fun."
,Recommended,328760,23190241,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,3za,"SanctuaryRPG is a complete waste of time... and I love it.I did expect to enjoy this game, but not as much as I ended up doing.At first it seemed that all there was to it were odd potato references, surprisingly feeble skeletons and unhelpful NPCs but as you progress you begin to realize you always did love potatoes... and skeletons, well, they're just a bunch of old bones.In this game you can become a legendary warrior, a mighty learned sorcerer, a weird old druid or, most likely, a dead man. Trust me, you'll get your own personal grave collection going in no time. The ASCII art lends this the old school feeling that I, as the AAA game spoiled millenial, never got to experience, and gave me the opportunity to discover and appreciate a different type of adventure that is every bit as fun as any RPG... and perhaps less tiring (dare I bring up the traditional +100h?)So you might as well keep exploring and discover whatever weird shenanigans this game throws at you because as much as it frustrates you, in the end it's a hell lot of fun... and that's why we all waste our time here anyway."
,Recommended,328760,23820338,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,)))))][(((((,An awesome experience!Pros:-Good character building.-Interesting world(s).-Unique Combat.Cons:None so far!
,Recommended,328760,23965779,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Duda,"This game is very enjoyable, but if you do one stupid mistake, you can lose your save :/It is made in nice text style with nice background music.I recomend this game for every one who likes funny text RPG games."
76561198195364275,Recommended,328760,23755486,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,The Edgelord,"A nice refresher. The graphics of this game, while simple, are in my opinion quite good, i mean they are just visually appealing and a fresh experience if you play games with 3d graphics and lots of colours. Worth buying? Definitely."
,Recommended,328760,23862149,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,LIL JON MAYNARD KEYNES,SUPER fun!  I decided to give it a try and I was hooked!
,Recommended,328760,23777927,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Sadew,"A fun game with interesting artwork and game mechanics. The retro feel is very well executed, you can tell that there was a lot of effort put in. I still have yet to beat it, but I've gotten closer and closer with each attempt."
76561198154364238,Recommended,328760,23808603,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,cosmicFauna,"This is a fun but unforgiving game. It's pretty easy to die--one accidental button press or miscalculation and you might find your character smeared across the floor by even the most common filler enemies, and seeing as death is final and takes you back to the very beginning, this can be frustrating. As long as you pay attention and don't take too many particularly dangerous risks, though, it's not too hard to advance. It's quirky, but thankfully not in a forced, ""I'm trying to be quirky"" way; it has a good sense of humor, and the music fits the retro feeling nicely without being annoying or repetetive. Really enjoyable overall!"
,Recommended,328760,23868416,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Cinnamaldehyde,I am a huge fan of Dungeons of Dredmor because of its humor and old style turn based combat. I was happily surprised to find out that this game has all of that and more.ProsReally simple controlsGood soundtrackCheap (especialy on sale)Funny6 classesLootEasily replayable for hours and hours of funConsYou can't keep items in an inventoryYou can't have multiple save files at the same time in the same class
,Recommended,328760,35316563,Posted: 29 September,all,Cory in the Harem,"Thanks Black Shell... everytime I want to do my homework I end up playing this! God damn. BTW this game is ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic, buy it."
,Recommended,328760,17115032,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Knob,I KEEP TELLING MYSELF I WILL BEAT THIS GAME ON LUNATIC MODEI KEEP TELLING MYSELF THIS
76561198097675823,Recommended,328760,28641116,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Izumi Sena,"ok I know there is a soundtrack on the trailer but I wasn't expecting such a great work with the sound effects, custom setings and the great soundtrack, I really wanted to try this game for a long time and I'm not dissapointed, its labed as a roguelike rpg, but you need to learn tons of stuff before the game begins so I think this is more like a turn based rpg imo, it have this diablo mmo kind of feel adding the dexterity, strenght and vitality points, but the thing here is what the game offers, it have a pretty selective player base of course so I don't think the game overpriced, the game have awesome artwork and you can customize your characters, if I can say anything that is more or less in the game I gotta say the tutorial level, it takes a while, this is a great game, I'm looking forward for playing a lot more+amazing ASCII graphics+awesome sound effects+outstanding soundtrack+very cool gameplay10/10"
,Recommended,328760,28835991,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Starswept Dusk,"I never expected to be as captivated as i became with this game. You will die quite alot in the game, often losing many hours of progress. But each time you do, you will have learned something and after a little break, you'll probably be straight back in ready for revenge with a new build and strategy. Every close, hard fought battle is a new story that you will fondly remember or revere and fear. The only thing i was confused by was the dialogue. Theres an odd thematic flux going on, the tone shifting between dead serious, immersive, imaginative, philosophical, poetic stuff and ""teh randoms kek"". It's just a bit jarring for one scene to be like: ""The viscous black river of blood lapped warmly at your thighs in the infinite pitch blackness. The pounding of a thousand voices from unseen creatures torments your mind as you lose grasp of time. As your sanity begins to wane, the only thing you can sense is the growing number of bodies at your feet as you sink your dagger into the demons from all sides."" and then you get an encounter like:""A potato crawls up your leg and into your bottom."" Weird attempts at humour and a few ambiguous choices aside, fantasticly fun game. It will be infuriating, but you wont forget your victory for some time when you finally make it."
76561197962885939,Recommended,328760,28826291,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Bricktop,"At this price, try it out. It's a ton of fun."
,Recommended,328760,33296645,Posted: 5 July,all,jessiDANGEROUSLY,I really enjoy this game! It's such a refreshing experience.
76561198088313522,Recommended,328760,16206611,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,audrarose88,"I absolutely love this game. I have been a mudder since before 2007, but I find that online text-based games are more drama-filled. This game gives me the feel of playing a MUD without the drama of other players. I think this game was well done and executed. I find that it is very addicting to me. For me, I would give this game a top rank. Well done. :D"
76561198113247644,Recommended,328760,24197472,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Raon,"THIS GAME IMO:-Very fun puns and jokes (aside the randomness of some).-Doesn't require a new rig to run.-Really enjoyable reading.-Classes are very balanced.-Very customizable.-Very challenging.-A must for those who are looking for a game that ""feels"" like the old classics."
76561198090312074,Recommended,328760,35252289,Posted: 27 September,all,Deci,this game is ♥♥♥♥ing sick
,Recommended,328760,15332742,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,[Cash.net] Xgpmcnp,"This game has extremely good graphics.They might be nothing like actual graphics,they're so well managed it makes the game beautiful,and I don't think I'd enjoy it as much with a graphical upgradeThe content is very wide,with tons of different classes/races/perks/etc to try, and very in-depth mechanics on every choices you make.The combat mechanic first looks like you just need to spam ""1 2 3 3 1 2 3 3"" all over again, but once you reach New Game + and go into Inferno, you'll need to learn how to use the combat mechanics and will see that they are actually very well made and in depth.Crafting mechanics are pretty boring and grindy, but it still is a plus to be able to craft and retrieve crafting materialsIn short,awesome RPG for every potatoes out there."
,Recommended,328760,13357403,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Darian,"This game is simple, ascii, and tons of fun. I expected it to be just another rogue-like or rogue-lite but it won me over with it's sense of humor and surprisingly awesome retro music tracks. It's price point is also hard to ignore. I definately would suggest giving this game a try."
76561198067281408,Recommended,328760,13361427,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,MorsMalleos,"I didn't know what to expect. SanctuaryRPG had good reviews, and always a stickler for everything RPG I bought it for the low price of 4.99.  Next thing I know I've been playing for an hour and a half and enjoyed every minute of it.  This can certainly be called a text based game, in some sense, due to the ASCII graphics- which is a good thing because of the graphics. There also isn't a lot of hand holding, but the various help/guides deliver what you need to know without giving to much away.  I really don't know what to expect at each turn.  This makes it a great exploration game.  I thought I was turning in a quest...next thing I know I'm an owner an operator of my very own bar- a profitable one too!  Minutes later I'm stabbing a doctor in the face because I don't want to hear him talk anymore.-Great game, can't wait to keep exploring-Great 8 bit sound effects and music-complex combat system-Early into it, but I can tell the character development is well thought out.  Though I haven't had any problem with the enemies yet, i hope the character / skill building is a crucial meta-game for winning.For 4.99 I couldn't receommended it enough. The great writing (suprising and humorous) is worth the play alone and will devour your time."
76561198089621246,Not Recommended,328760,17222932,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,secondwatcher,"I seem to be in the minority, but I just didn't enjoy it.  The humor is strained at best, and the dialogue really doesn't serve much a purpose.  Seems more an ASCII attempt at Epic Battle Fantasy than anything... an attempt that fails."
,Recommended,328760,19405217,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,ZA_Surpex,"I played this game on gamejolt (I think) ages ago! I loved it so, so much. Im unbelievably happy that this is on steam! Yesssssssssssssss.Also its very fun, witty, and all around a great game. 11/10 would reccommend."
76561198020895658,Recommended,328760,21411343,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Quarhodron,"Outstanding , 9.5/10.Don't get me wrong but I don't think many people will enjoy this game.Huge reason about it is ASCII , but if you ask me it is the element which makes this game ""THAT"" unique. (They are probably just look at this game and be like --wtf is this awkward♥♥♥♥♥♥? --I think everyone should give it a try for this masterpiece.Everything about this game is great. Except THAT F-KING BAT!!!!"
,Recommended,328760,14895600,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,spacedoctor,If you were born in the late 1980's this game will suck you helplessly into the void. Prepare to lose track of time real bad. 11/10
,Recommended,328760,15424864,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,needlessnoise,"This is one of my favorites right now. Brilliantly detailed and deep gameplay. The UI may seem a little impenetrable at first, but is surprisingly intuitive. There's so much to do, in addition to the main storyline, there's a million little things to do whenever that gets boring, all kinds of enemies in the colosseum, a tavern to manage, a store to make investments at (yes, the store is a place to MAKE money, not just spend it), the library, temple, everyone gives a quest, it goes on and on. Even after 10 hours I feel like I've only scratched the surface and I'm not bored yet.My only complaint is the roguelike nature and long intro to the storyline don't mix well. The first 5-10 levels of each character are a bit monotonous.  Also, the classes could feel a little different, for the most part when I'm actually fighting, the classes feel the same, the moves just have different names. I'm just mashing the same key combos (2, 1, 3, 3, repeat) for the easy fights on each class.Overall though, highly recommend."
76561198024086114,Recommended,328760,15492067,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,toastywolf,Took around 25 hours for me to beat through till the final boss.There are relics that can be used on future characters and extra regions to unlock.Complex battle system. Compelling story that I'm not sure I even have all the pieces of yet. Continuing to poke around.Warning: hours slip away while playing.
,Recommended,328760,14896356,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Minty Light,This was the game I needed all along
,Recommended,328760,15345383,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,jderbecker,I love this game. Can't stop playing it. Never had so much fun raging out over dying in any RPG ever.YOU MUST BUY THIS
,Recommended,328760,14813825,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Alice,"I've wanted to play a game like this for a long time. Ever since I played ""Kirby Superstar"" as a kid on the super nintendo and fought the bosses that had the ""Battle text"" PC windows. Even though they stray away from a more serious plot and dialog and all the silly dialog and text can make the game seem unambitious, the in-dept combat mechanics,perks,leveling system and attractive ASCII art speaks loudly over what seems to be a cheap/Humerous game(It's not). Some of the battle music is really awesome too. I also love the aspect of randomized dungeon crawling and the amount of loot they have for a game like this. The story maybe be silly, but the developers were serious. Deffinatley worth the 8$"
,Recommended,328760,14739315,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Fwysnoe,What is SanctuaryRPG?Golem in your way? Urinate on it!Exploring a zone? Potato follows you... Sacrafice him!Why start a fight? He cuts your eyebrows!I was born so dumb I'm considered a genius!But where did it begin...? When a woman carrying a woman drops the woman and runs awayI then sharpened a potato and stabbed myself in the thigh12/10 would sacrafice potatoes again
,Recommended,328760,15286353,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,RATS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,"Oh man, what to say.This game is a game I can 100% whole-heartedly endorse. I like it so much, I bought the soundtrack just so I could give the dev more money.ASCII graphics give me a huge hardon, and seeing it in such a pretty title that still runs on a toaster, this is what I want gaming to look like in 2050.Active, community-hearing developer, no DLC except the aforementioned optional soundtrack (which is excellent, by the way.)[and no paid mods, #yolo]This is a 10/10 for me. Thanks, Obama."
,Recommended,328760,15329609,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,risu23,"An honest-to-goodness throw back to the days of ASCII adventures. Much deeper than you'd expect it to be; if you don't enjoy reading then this ain't for you. If you love old school games, or want to see what we used to do back in the 1980's, highly recommended."
,Recommended,328760,14989464,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Shadic,"This game is the  reason i love text games. Witty humor, sweet items, fair enimies/bosses. Its got just about everything to make it and amazing game. Not to mention the characters it makes from using diffrent symbols and its soundtrack."
,Recommended,328760,15331521,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,dieing (ascended),"This game is good for anyone that likes the ""old school retro"" kind of RPG, or loves a good soundtrack.  The graphics of this game, while however being sub-par by todays standard, work perfectly with the music and give the game a kind of atmosphere that is not meant to be taken seriously, but is still fun to play.  Anyone that has a sarcastic sense of humour will absolutly adore this game's writing.  It does, however, get a little bit repetitive after a while, and starts to become less fun, but it is still a pretty good game all around, and I think is worth the eight dollars."
76561198056044452,Recommended,328760,19910187,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,clev,Stabbed myself with a potato.10/10 Would potato again.
,Recommended,328760,28502157,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Casual Executioner of Gaming,"I don't usually like roguelites of any sort, but this one is a different story. I LOVE it. The depth to the game is awesome, and the wit that went into the character responses was phenomenal. Don't be looking for amazing names, though-they're pretty run-of-the-mill RPG names. I highly recommend it for anyone who enjoys dungeon crawling."
76561197974488677,Recommended,328760,32737731,Posted: 24 June,all,winkleboner,Love the game
,Recommended,328760,28969493,Posted: 3 January,all,Legend,i got this game because it reminded me of an old browser gamei didn't think it was very good but when i started playing it i was unable to stopi played this game 5h todayits hard when you die and need to start over but i like that (softcore is for noobs)i am sure i will be playing this game alot more
76561197998899422,Recommended,328760,13615894,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,JohnnyDee62,"SanctuaryRPG is a highly accessible, text-based roguelike RPG that advances quickly and features random areas and events, loot, and crafting (the crafting system involves a forge mini-game and then an item roll), with a retro arcade video game sound track that enhances drama and ambiance.  There's plenty of humor and nods to prior classics and while the game is text-based (and super fast!) there are ASCII graphical elements that bring the game alive.  The combat system is fluid with turn-based actions that chain together to unlock damaging finishers, along with moves that will deal damage to your foe and heal yourself, saving your Heals for better uses.  My first character, in full roguelike mode (which they call Classic; a multi-life mode is available) and with luck from some good drops, has survived to Level 7 with very exciting game play -- I found the game immediately enjoyable and addicting.  Very highly recommended!"
76561198130415895,Recommended,328760,14398390,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Saturnfly,"I was unsure about this game. I've never really played any ascii type games, except when I was too young to remember them, but I thought I'd give this one a go based on all the positive things people have said about this game, and I am 100% glad that I did!First of all, there is so much to do, so many little quests, bounties and even the management of the tavern if you play your cards right. All of the random encounters, hilarious and often nonsensical slices of humour thrown in here and there really make this game feel so much fun. You'll find dialogue such as ""A potato has decided to follow you around."" to something terrifying funny like ""The worm defecates in your ear.""The ascii art work is very polished and looks as though it has had a lot of love put into it. It's charming and simple.The gameplay, from character creation to the immense replayability and even the combat system, reminds me of one of my favourite games of all time: Tales of Maj Eyal, it has that similar feel of even if you lose, you just want to start over and try again immediately, which is an essential element to the rogue-like genre. Starting over in this game doesn't feel like a chore, because it's different each time and every character you play. There is so much loot which really is part of the glue that holds everything together, making every run through a unique and challenging experience.The combat system is very intuitive and unique. There are a whole bunch of different skills and combos which makes the combat a real edge of your seat sort of affair, but if you play your cards right, and you take your time and are meticulous with your decisions, it will leave you feeling incredibly satisfied after a challenging fight.Overall, I have yet to discover anything negative about this game, I love every feature and every bit of text is a delight to read. For an ascii game, it is more engaging than a lot of the games in my library, I recommend it 100%!Also, do not be fooled by the early access sticker, because this game is very polished and clearly a very loved project by the incredibly talented developers. My hat's off to you guys!"
99254263334651588,Recommended,328760,19560939,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,∆,"The potatoes won't leave me alone.First off, it is difficult for a game to impress me and keep me interested. Generally I see everything wrong with the games and those problems become so glaringly obvious it becomes hard to just enjoy any game. Then there's SanctuaryRPG. When I thought I had finally filled my library with all the games that I would ever enjoy, this game comes out of nowhere and surprises me. The story, the fighting style, the jokes, the personalities, the loot system. All of it is so fantastic that you can't even pull your eyes away from the screen. The game is a rogue-like game, if you die you stay dead and create a new character but you don't really feel like it's tedious since you're still enjoying yourself in the next life.One thing though, I wish there was an auto-save feature for people that have computers that crash randomly. Other than that, fantastic!"
,Recommended,328760,20375865,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Fantastick,i dont even like most rpg games
,Recommended,328760,28343856,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,The Dungeon Master,"So I post this review after having played about 7 hours, I have played about 12 characters all of which have died within the first act. The game is great fun, the combat is fast and satisfying, the loot system gives frequent rewards which keep you playing. The classes and races have a good amount of variety to keep you trying new things. The only problem with SanctuaryRPG is that it is HARD. My average life span for a character is somewhere around 30-40 minutes and when you die you must start over from the beginning(unless you're playing softcore, but who does that?) If you enjoy a role playing game that won't pull it's punches but can contains a rewarding progression system and a semi-interesting story than I can reccomend this whole-heartedly."
,Recommended,328760,28885891,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,EmperorZombie13,"Lots of old-school fun! Reminds me of Wizardry: Proving Grounds of the Mad Overlord on NES...but even funnier.Difficult, plenty of experimentation/customization. And potatoes."
,Recommended,328760,16665819,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Sir. Byzantium,"I got this game DRM free and played around 300 hours , this game is one of my favorite RPGs I have ever played."
,Recommended,328760,28901188,Posted: 1 January,all,Zeno-ichi,"Now THIS is a true masterpiece. but the price is not suitable if you bought it for full price (just saying). I bought during a sale and i was low on budget at that point, so i saw this gem. The game at first was kind of boring but the longer you play it, the more attached you will feel towards the game, the jokes, and the soundtrack is not that bad. I'm just sad that this game is not that popular. It's a game that is very rare to find these days and it's a ASCII game for ♥♥♥♥ sake. Just buy the game it is a very nice game and themechanics of the game is easy to use.TL;DRALL HAIL POTATOES 9/10"
,Recommended,328760,28928985,Posted: 1 January,all,CoolDad,"Wow...This game proves that great graphics are not essential to make an excellent game. It's kinda weird at the beginning to  get used to the interface but once you got the trick, it's very easy and even pleasant to navigate through the story and battles. And what a style.I love it."
,Recommended,328760,24109083,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,FruitzPunch,This game has:ASCII-artUnique ideasUnique designPotatoesFunny dialoguesImmersive gameplayThat quirky fighting system I have yet to figure out how it worksPotatoesPotato-godsEvents which call for decision-making (peel banana or stomp on it)A weird way to make cutscenes in ASCII (they look weird but good)A good RPG-system at allThis game does NOT have:Cancerous gameplayHard to learn controlsUn-inmmersive worldBad ideasUnfunny situationsConclusion:It's a good game with Potatoes. 10/10PS: Low playtime comes from playing offline and stuff. Played it for like 40-50 hours (if that is relevant to you).
,Recommended,328760,29167195,Posted: 10 January,all,Jewish3,You stripped down to your underwear and start rubbing a potato.11/10 -would kill Lyssa again.
,Recommended,328760,31793685,Posted: 16 May,all,Krob,"The work that went into this game is staggering to me.  Such awesome ASCII action.  Nostalgic as hell.Gameplay is slick and intuitive, surprisingly action/skill based."
,Recommended,328760,33241725,Posted: 4 July,all,Lumbo,Love it
,Recommended,328760,13610010,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Beanchilla,"I didn't quite like this game at first because it wasn't very difficult. I did enjoy the music though and the graphics were a lot of fun so I decided to keep playing. Even though it's still not very difficult for me, probably because I've played a ton of roguelike games, I have to say this is one of the most charming little games out there. You can craft things, beat things, find secret rooms hidden in the ascii art, experience random events and pretty much do all sorts of goofy things.The game feels like a bunch of little mini-games taped together. I'd almost describe it as D&D meet WarioWare only with ascii graphics.If you want a fun, lightweight game to play pretty much any time then this is one for you. I might dump hundreds of hours into more 'hardcore' games but I don't think many other games would be as fun to play on a rainy day than this one."
,Recommended,328760,14199508,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,ExiledAlchemist,"This is one of the best RPGs I've ever played. The music gets the blood pumping for battle as you use strategy and character skills to bring you to victory. You can find, craft, buy, and even be given equipment. The random loot is never the same and you will always find something new and even want to explore various character builds. I’ve played the free version and after playing Black Edition the changes that can be not only seen but heard as soon as you start up the game are amazing.This is the way a game should be made. You can tell that this was really thought out and put together by devs that really want to make a great and fun game. If you love RPGs or just looking for something new from the standard norm then please by all means buy this game. You will not regret the amount of entertainment you get for such a great price."
,Recommended,328760,33187876,Posted: 3 July,all,Pepsi on the water. Time to feed,<3 <3 <3 <3 My game for 2017
76561198270960599,Recommended,328760,34725975,Posted: 3 September,all,kizanofthesix,"Awesome game.  Lot's of story and adventure, rougelike and difficult.  Would reccomend 10/10.  Potatoes"
,Recommended,328760,16222272,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Lianne,"This game is really really really good. If you've ever played MUDS or the like then you should pick this up. The controls are easy to pick up, it's accessible, and there's a huge amount of customisation to ensure that you can replay and try something different.Soundtrack is also really nice and well suited to the game, and I love the idea of adding secrets into the maps so people have to pay attention to the aASCII too. It's very obviously a game created out of love for a concept, and the devs deserve success :)"
76561197972289775,Recommended,328760,14999598,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,HamOnRye,"So much more incredible than you would expect from the screenshots. SanctuaryRPG is a modern game with an oldschool look. Don't be dissuaded by the graphics into thinking the game is mechanically simplistic. The combat system is one of the most sophisticated I've seen in any RPG ever. The dialogue is kookie and and a pleasure to read. The music is fantastic, and there is a ton of it. It's a very challenging roguelike that will keep you coming back over and over. It's a game you can sit down and play for 20 minutes (and probably die 5 times doing so), or for hours and hours. Overall I strongly recommend it!"
,Recommended,328760,29133776,Posted: 8 January,all,yummycake_xian,"SanctuaryRPG: Black EditionRecommended for those are into retro-style games, unique RPG experience and catchy tunes.TL;DR versionItems (Alphabetically)Score (1-3/3)Control and Gameplay3/3Fun Factor3/3Graphic2/3Replayability Value3/3Sound3/3Story1/3Value for Full Price2/3LONG VERSION1. Control and Gameplay : it's easy to get used to the gameplay (mostly use only ONE letter/number to do action), it's does not require high requirement pc (because the design is so simple), so far no lags/ bugs. Some skills / status are hard to remember (there are A LOT of them), but there is a tutorial book so rest assured.2. Fun Factor : I like the catchy tunes and the game simple design, reminds me of older type of rpgs on older consoles. Because of the simple control of the game, I could do something else by playing (for example: eating my ramen). Also, there is a difficulty slider (if you want the game easier/ harder). There are a lot of choices we need to make and it AFFECTS the actual gameplay. I like it because I could make my own story as well.3. Graphic : very cute even though it's only using simple ASCII art. Very refreshing concept and contrast to the mega popular 3D objects. No special interface for this game, though. I don't know why can't it open the steam overlays to capture images (?) Too bad there were a lot of moments to be remember.4. Replayability Value : VERY HIGH because there are several save slots for different characters (with each different jobs), different playstyle (even though some moves are similar, just some minor changes in names/ description), different quest and difficulties (still the main quest is same for all playtrough), and also the main reason is :Beware of death on Classic mode-- it's permanent death for your current character, surprise you need to play a new game with new character).5. Sound : catchy tunes also I get some free piano style music dlc. Unless you want some real ""music"", this one will not amuse you that much.6. Story : can't say it's good yet. So far, all of the character have same main story and it's kinda linear and ""gimmicky"". If you want real story (and you are not into the ""make your own story"" thing), this game offers not much of a complexity of a heroic story. The conversation also doesn't hold any meaning to the story.7. Value for Full Price : to support the great indie developers out there, why not? But yaay I get it when Steam Winter Sale being hold, so got it for only 10% of full price. It's kinda pricey for full price, but still okay since I realized making this kind of game need some deep thoughts from the devs.Thank you for reading!"
76561197970632671,Recommended,328760,14415013,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,ratberger,"If you play rouguelikes, then buy this. You will not be dissapointed. Don't let the graphics or mention of ascii fool you. I love rouguelikes, but am not a fan of '@' games. This is not an ""@"" game. This is more of a text based adventure(kind of similar to the ios game ""A Dark Room"") where you find yourself asking questions about pototoes and urine, and getting your exposed crotch smashed by a skeleton's axe.Pros:-Gameplay is simple, yet complex. You can spend you time in the mines digging ore to craft weapons, or maybe spend some time in your tavern serving beers hoping to get tipped good items. You can go fight monsters in multiple places, or follow the ""main"" quest. There doesn't seem to be any limit on how much you can level up an any area, so knock yourself out.-Items. The weapons are random and endless. There are like five types of weapons, and I have never seen any duplicates. They all have random modifiers, and there are many variations of the weapon types.-Funny. Everything in this game is hilarious. I love dying so I can start a new charactor and laugh my♥♥♥♥♥off reading their bio. I never thought I would laugh so hard at a text based adventure, but I did, and still do.-Music. The music is awesome. It's like old 8bit video game but modern and catchy. Sound effects are present as well and are also very well done.-Combat. It's so easy you'll die continuously. Just use the numpad, and pay attention to the combat modifiers.Cons:I litterally cannot think of anything that I don't like about this game. This isn't a steam sale game. You will actually play this, so just buy it right now and shutup."
76561198142835807,Recommended,328760,13863288,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Causinger,100/10 Stop reading reviews and buy it already!!!
,Recommended,328760,13402265,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Luisfius,"The best potato themed  combat simulator featuring ASCII ""graphics"".You cannot go wrong even if you do. Fantastic soundtrack, combat system and humor.The initial blue slime used to be a Dragon Quest slime, but now is not."
76561197989878389,Recommended,328760,14615828,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Princess Aelenwa,"I said ""Hi"" to a Hobo, she stabbed me. But a LARGE potato has decided to follow me around, so I sacrificed it for the glory of The Great One.10/10 will worship The Great One again"
,Recommended,328760,13544484,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Ryan Maxwell Duncan,"This game shows what would happen if games maintained their complexity despite graphics technology not evolving past 1981. The combat system takes a little getting used to but it is, overall, a very accessible game and one I would recommend to anyone who enjoys RPGs and roguelikes in particular."
,Recommended,328760,16443988,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Ragu,This game is mondo neat and has top beepboops.
,Recommended,328760,14461012,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Serpent,"- Starts game- spends an hour making char- Goes through tutorial- Dies on first encounter-realise this game has permadeath, and I have to start over10/10 would die again."
,Recommended,328760,13372892,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,wanderer07,"I don't usually write reviews, but thought this game was worth it. I'm on my third playthrough (2 on the free version), and can't believe how much fun a game with no graphics can be. If you like turn based roguelikes then this game is well worth the price. I have not experienced any bugs so don't let the early access tag scare you off. This version has a bunch more things to do than the free version, but the combat seems to be the same. Get it and enjoy some ASCII art and 8 bit music."
,Recommended,328760,13505353,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,GunnarRoxen,"Vilos Cohaagen endorses SanctuaryRPG.I am really enjoying SanctuaryRPG: Black Edition as something to while away the time while I ration air and laugh at all the money I am making from the Turbinium mines. The game takes me back to the games of the 80's - the finest decade - with it's strong writing and surprisingly gripping gameplay.If it looks interesting to you, but unlike me you don't have access to the fruits of other people's Turbinium mining, there is a great free version available on the Steam Store page that will give you a good feel for if the game is your cup of Martian coffee (spicy, like me).But alas, I must return to running the Agency. Richter is late with his report and I'm sure he's buisly screwing something up. I really must put a bullet in his head.- Vilos CohaagenMars Colonial Administrator and all around Good Guy (TM)"
,Recommended,328760,16287145,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Zeybrin,"If you like AscIi, or even if you don't, this is a great RPG. I find it hard to play games these days for more than an hour at a time... I played this for 7+ hours today alone. You can play this as fast as you can read and think. It has so much depth for looking so shallow. Almost everything about this game feels new and unique for me. Even something in most games as crafting has its own unique system that rewards thoughtful participation.First character I got to level 24 before dying, out of a possible 300... 10/10 bought it twice. Once for me and once for my GF."
,Recommended,328760,16968743,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,jointhesaga,"Here are just a few reasons why I love this game:* Gives me flashbacks to old BBS door games and even Sir-Tech's Wizardry, which is a sentimental favorite dungeon crawler.* I'm a long-time text gamer. Loved MUDs since Kesmai on CompuServe. SanctuaryRPG is the MUD without the occasional aggravation of other people.* Funny automatically generated back stories for characters.* Quirky events.* Lethal boss battles, even at low levels.* A real sense of distinction between different classes of character.* The options to play with hardcore permadeath or more forgiving resurrection-style.It's now my go-to when I need a fun distraction that doesn't call for a lot of computing resources. Great fun!"
,Recommended,328760,15661110,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Spy653,"very very addicting game, just like the older rpg's but even better!"
76561198027330287,Recommended,328760,15383991,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,lainlain,"Don't be scared by the ASCII design, SanctuaryRPG has a solid turn based combat system, hilarious random events and a fun story. Finished the game to discover that there is a new game + option, several hours of fun. 10/10"
,Recommended,328760,15712957,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,krakilin24,Definetly recommend the game is awesome. Not a rogue like at all as nothing is carried over at death lol so more of just.. well a game. but funny and well done crafting system could use some work for sure but otherwise awesome game.I am very strongly for the removal of the rogue like tag by the way since that is why I bought it.
76561198058744217,Recommended,328760,15687980,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Wölfchen,"I love this game. I played like an hour the demo and bought it (when it was EA, price was not under 5 €, can't remember well) Today I made it finally with my Female-Thick-Huskian-Druid-calm-Shaman and finished normal mode with lvl 108! I'm restarting normal mode again (going to try reaching lvl 300). (at the moment 45 hours playtime)It's my first time playing this kind of games but I love it and I always wanted to try one out.I made a character the kind  I liked most and made the decision that I'm going with exactly that character through the game, no matter how many try's it would take. (don't know, below 15 trys)At the beginning i didn't know how to make it above lvl 30 but with time (and a little help from the dictionary, since english isn't my native) I got better and lerned it. You'll find too help in the forum and I only run in EA into bugs (except for achievements, they are working, but not visible in steam)Final answer:It's a great game with interesting 'grafic'  and potato humor. Even with full price a must have (or at last a demo-try out!) And there is an easy-mode too (didn't try that one).Ps: First game review and not a native speaker."
,Recommended,328760,16506055,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,papul,"A great game with plenty of detail and humor. Lots of gameplay ahead, it seems. Definitely reccomended, especially for the cheap steam sale price."
76561198012273670,Recommended,328760,13751729,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Ronin,So many things to do in just a basic ascii game. The combat and music are awesome. If you like RPG's you will love this game. Worth Every bit of  4.99  and then some. This game could easily be 15 - 20 $ with all the content and replayability. If you need an oldschool RPG kick with a modern Flare look no further.Also love the game play modes only have played classic mode aka Hardcore. You player dies its back to lv 0 and there is some quirky humor and for some reason the people who made this game like potatoes way too much. Buy it you won't be dissapointed.
,Recommended,328760,13833319,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,horsefeathers,I can't believe how wonderful this game is. I spent a lot of time playing MUDs and this takes me right back to that feeling.
76561198013924266,Recommended,328760,14069381,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Killdozer,"Your imagination will take over where the graphics leave off. Sanctuary makes me feel like I'm playing NES Shadowgate, mixed with Skyrim. For that fact alone this game is worth a purchase.Best damn RPG on Steam.10/10"
76561198078582252,Recommended,328760,13896826,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Baggy,"I spend most of my free time running some of the finest examples of video game graghics, currently available. I went as far as getting a high end gaming PC just for that purpose. I've been putting time into SanctuaryRPG Black Edition and what a joy its been.  Sanctuary can in no way be classed as demanding, I would guess any PC running windows would be able to enjoy in full. The art style is from yesteryear if you enjoyed playing games at that time you have probably nostalgically bought it already.  I wouldn't want to get into too much detail on plot nor mechanics of the title its always more fun to find out yourself.11/10 Would mash potato's again!"
76561198088588300,Recommended,328760,14083350,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Zombie God Ed,"Never played any of these ASCII games before and I thought it would be boring and tedious, however this game has some real depth. I'm a big fan of the art style and hope the developers continue with a similar style. Great game!"
76561198156799095,Recommended,328760,14510222,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,UndercoverRaptor,10/10
76561198017112786,Recommended,328760,14150704,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Egg Boi,A very nice RPG that seems to alredy be a full game.
,Recommended,328760,15482169,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,ConnZombie Luminary Of The Stars,"""Oh this game looks fun. Let's give it a try""*1 hour later*""I've lost control of my life""There is no game that makes you lose track of time more than this fast-paced, hilariously-written, ASCII roguelike RPG.Please buy. Please."
,Recommended,328760,13379496,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Gugi Mandini,"Extreemely Charming,well executed 80's aesthetic,Deep fun combat mechanicsfull of surprisesGood for 'time rich' and 'time poor' alike"
,Recommended,328760,14543386,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Spruce Willis,"A very good RPG with a very nostalgic feel to it. If you like games like Zork, you will love this."
76561197995630029,Recommended,328760,14460264,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,TaSK,"Wow, holy cow. For $4.99 on sale, this game is just amazing. Anyone who has played an old roguelike will fall in love with it. Better than most games on steams front page."
76561198033061941,Recommended,328760,29311678,Posted: 16 January,all,Blvkghost,♥♥♥♥ing great gameso many funnyinnovative and machopotato friendswould pay 5-10$ for the gametell my mom
76561198021605465,Recommended,328760,16238123,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,SugarTKE,A return to the old school way of games I remember from my childhood days - a lot of fun and very cleverly written. I definitely recommend this for a bit of fun if you want a break from anything you're currently playing. It's got a bit of a long grind for levels and the items seem diverse but really aren't that much in the way of special. Definitely worth a few bucks for a play (or 7).
,Recommended,328760,22662063,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,GRIMMGODS,opened a book i found in a cave and died.11/10.
,Recommended,328760,23088898,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Lithium Bomb,This game taught me a lot about potatoes.
,Recommended,328760,15802909,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Captain Bizarro Murphy,"High replay value! Fans of rouge games, text based adventure games, and vicious difficulty are bound to enjoy this one."
76561198011773851,Recommended,328760,15749369,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Doggieman,lots of fun and lots of nostalgia! i feel like i'm on my C64
,Recommended,328760,15806806,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,RoyalCanoer,"I was definitely not expecting so much out of this game. I never had the nostalgia like a lot of the reviewers here, but this game felt very at home with both its style and gameplay. I feel that the developers definitely put a ton of their own experiences into this game and I am super satisfied with it."
,Recommended,328760,16233421,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Professor Portal,"The classic MUD (Multi-User Dungeon) is back and enhanced!  Inspired by the early mainframe text input programs of the 1970s, this game will take you back...or take your parents back.  Either way, you can't help but smile as you explore and loot your way to victory; one keystroke at a time.Haven Review: SanctuaryRPG: Black EditionHeroes of Gamers Haven:  Forum"
,Recommended,328760,15707229,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,nix413,"Simple, but fun. Great value for the price. ""Runs on a toaster"" so if you have a laptop you like to play on while watching tv, this is perfect for it.The reviews that say you need a num pad are silly. A laptop keyboard is all you need and is perfectly comfortable."
76561198004889221,Recommended,328760,34578202,Posted: 29 August,all,dysphory,"Amazing ascii game !Homage to japanese rpg and adventure games.Well written, funny, sometimes hard, but always fun !Love it !"
76561197977127768,Recommended,328760,14410999,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,PepeThePope,32 hours in and only finished the first chapter.So many good references.Deep yet quick and painless.Better than diablo 3.10/10
76561197994971393,Not Recommended,328760,22302993,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Occupant,"I will admit, this game feels like a joke that I didn't get. But that being said, it is hard to write a good review about a joke you didn't find funny.The humor was lost in a sea of confusing text and incoherent plot. The setting is barely cogent.The interface does deliver what it promises, a sleek, modern, text-based adventure. But that's about all I can say was done well. I wished it was either a little more clever with its humor, or a little more serious in its writing."
76561197994745360,Recommended,328760,14494628,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,nuclearc,"What a great fun game. I played the text based adventure games as a kid, and this is worlds better than any of them. It's a large game and while there is some text, its not really a lot of text - which is a good thing since computer programmers and game designers tend to not be very good writers. Instead this is (to me) a new take on text based adventure and there is a ton to do. While using ASCII characters limits the art... in this case it really doesn't, it ads to it. Also the music is fantastic. I'm only through ACT 1 but this game easily justifies its price. Checkout the demo and if it at all holds your interest pickup the game."
76561198119740849,Recommended,328760,16483688,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Lootsplosion359,My favorite game.
76561198076342670,Recommended,328760,20276956,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Gunbuster,"Only two hours in, already lost my first character. No regrets. This is great."
,Recommended,328760,20279027,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,NuSkooler,Excellent mechanic heavy RPG with funny story line and nostalgic feel!
,Recommended,328760,19368671,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,airdylan,a rpg in text form.
76561198124249788,Recommended,328760,28800091,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Sleg0,I didnt really know what to expect when I bought this. I've never played a game like it before and when I started it was a bit weird but the music is great and I really like all the graphics. Its really fun and if you like rpg dungeon crawler type games I would check it out you might like it
,Recommended,328760,28786232,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Tonton VAC_BAN pvpro.com,this game is amazing ! Just perfect ! I love it !GREAT WORK !
76561197986906472,Recommended,328760,21475328,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,That guy from all those movies,"Woah. Just ""Woah!"".This game is a real golden nugget, you should try it once at least and quickly.It's a try&die rogue-like game, so it's a lil' bit frustrating (you betcher deck, I died like 10 times in a raw before finally make my way throught the first act, and there are like 6 acts if I'm right... ^^')I'm a role-player since I'm a little man, it's been like 13 years now I'm playing board RPGs, and I told myself ""Should I buy this game ? Will I find what I'm searching for ? What am I searching for exactly anyway.. ?"".75% off -> less than 2€, okay Steam, you got me !I - DO - NOT - REGRET - ANYTHING (Don't get me wrong, I regret things, so many things. Like ""no need to heal, let's just hit that f*cking bird with a... Am I.. DEAD ?! A bird freaking two shots me ?!"". Those bad decisions I regret, but from them I've learnt how to survive)You don't have proper towns to visit, proper NPCs to interact with, but the game doesn't really need it.. it's a fighting simulation, the menu let you go across shops anytime you want/need between fights, you can talk with NPC but no major things are at stake, the humour whatsoever is really much appreciated in my opinion.My advice : buy the game, get comfortably numb and BE PATIENT.. The learning scheme is kinda like that : Play -> Die + learn -> Play again -> learn -> Die anyway -> Ragequit -> Play with more knowledge and more determination (like, 1h later, I'm not that much of a tryhard-guy though and I played it again and again, because that game wants to be appreciated, it has so many things you'd love..)Be patient, that's how I made it though.. don't try anything in a zone you're not 10+ levels above the highest recommended level.. and don't try to fight bosses, you'll have your fair share of stressful bosses by following the storyline only, and I came to the conclusion that those bosses you encounter are a real pain in the neck..(Please be kind about grammar/conjugation mistakes so forth, English isn't my native language and I apologize at whomever eye-bled reading me :D)"
,Recommended,328760,16936170,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Smug™,- EVENT -* You see a hobo standing near a tree.- Stab her.*You stab her and take her clothes*-Item Drop-Enraging Scale Mail aquired.
76561198070629402,Recommended,328760,15251353,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,kaiyi01,i like cats :3
,Recommended,328760,30645429,Posted: 20 March,all,erakus,With all the polygons this game is pushing i seriously would recommend at least an RX480 or higher graphics card. Though graphics tend to studder in heavy battle sequencies i give this game a solid 4 potatoes out of 5.  Highly recommend!  I have no idea why tektubers do not use this game for their benchmarks.
76561197971122930,Recommended,328760,27021609,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Verso,I have a potato.10/10 Best potato i've ever owned.
76561198043606431,Recommended,328760,13428386,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Zelnorack,Don't get complacent.I had a legendary axe and could deal 4000 damage per attack at level 30.1 mistake. I went and got cocky. I did not pay attention to the boss. He killed me. Really quickly.On a more cheery note: I love this games humor. It's really quite funny spud. You'd enjoy the mashed humour.
,Recommended,328760,13795665,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Mortal Wombat,"This game is a refreshing change of pace after the loads of copy-and-paste type games we see all the time.  Sanctuary is a throwback to the old ASCII games while still being unique.  The writing is funny, the music is very nice, the ASCII art is great, and the gameplay is in-depth enough to keep you interested while remaining easy enough to play in order to keep you interested.  This is great for when you have ten minutes to kill or even an hour or two.  I've only played an hour so far (in my first sitting) but I can tell this was five dollars that were very well spent--I highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,328760,13480603,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Metrekec,"A great game with an awesome soundtrack. The gameplay may get repetitive, but it's kept me interested far longer than most other games that could be gotten at this price, and the fact that each class has its own unique mechanics encourages you to play through the game multiple times."
76561198052464531,Recommended,328760,13511073,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Ash Nazg Durbatuluk,"I'm loving this game, it brings back that which is classic and inspired love for gaming.it is beautifully written with great comedic sense. The story is rich and full of suprizes and the game contains a plethora of options for how and what you want your character to be."
76561197982898394,Recommended,328760,13598346,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Discdux,"This game has that nostalgia approach with that old school effect, the music is pretty catchy, definately draws you in more. Pretty badass for what it is. Definately worth getting!10/10 - would buy again!"
76561197987822624,Recommended,328760,21227670,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,jlvegas1,You're wondering if it can really be THAT good. It is. It's better than you can possibly imagine. Is it on sale? GET IT ALREADY. Stop reading reviews and just play it. Dive in. Get overwhelmed. Kill things. Craft. Talk to the people. Marvel at the potatoes. Laugh. Love. Live. Is it for everyone? No. But it's for you.
,Recommended,328760,21190663,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,4Skin-Jim,Potato/10
76561198116258414,Recommended,328760,28083783,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ExtraVirginOliveOil (25*C),remember when in a picnh break the fourth wall and ALT F4
76561198093230223,Recommended,328760,31358102,Posted: 25 April,all,wilfredo615,still being updated
,Recommended,328760,31823208,Posted: 18 May,all,solimt,超级特别的复古画风RPG，有种奇妙的上瘾性。
76561198174372246,Recommended,328760,31786954,Posted: 16 May,all,Philferno,"Unique and amazing game, no regrets buying it, would definitely recommend it to everyone. This game is humorous and has loads of fun... great work devs!"
76561198004727570,Recommended,328760,33442249,Posted: 10 July,all,joshygoodboy,Pretty unique in terms of combat and art style.  Enjoyed it.  Will probably keep coming back to it occasionally.  Grindy though.
,Recommended,328760,33390562,Posted: 8 July,all,Kelpy G,"LOVE IT! Nice story, great characters, I love the text based art. The devs made a great rpg, and its just great"
76561198071421958,Recommended,328760,21466543,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,eternal jape,Grandest of Games.Grand
,Recommended,328760,14574505,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,bruce_lee_lx,"Good:- A complex mechanic that easy to start, hard to become expert.- So many things you may met in the game.Bad:- Shine your eye to blind.- Too complex, I have 2 pages of perks at start and learns 2 at level 3, 5 at level 6. I don't even want to read them through.- No backpack, I'm a collector, so I like tome4 more for its backpack and storage and account storage."
76561198118911976,Recommended,328760,14584463,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,OTO1012,Hopfully people see this and invest a small amount of money into this game it reminds me of a game called swords and sandals(Not on steam) so heres some high lights#-Cool creative art-Shows games dont need to be fancy to be fun and addictive-Enjoyable and addictive-Can steal tavern-good choices make a big diffrence within how you want your character to be in the future(To any players I got a Legendary(Venomshank)dagger doing 346 dammage im level 27 and I got this from a present from the tavern for serving drinks)
,Recommended,328760,14570881,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Dad's Mad,Perma death and ASCII graphics will be pulsing across my vision as I slay thousands with potatoes to the crotch.This game is a masterpiece in every sense of the word.Buy it or you'll never be cool
,Recommended,328760,14586099,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Cowstomper,All this needs is an old pre-windows dialup connection screen on startup and it'd just be like one of those ancient BBS games.
76561198025610900,Recommended,328760,14587125,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,akaButters,Suprisingly Fun! It's a timewarp to the past that is very enjoyable because of the modern day intellegence applied to the RPG mechanics. Fast Paced and fun!
,Recommended,328760,14571378,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,PhantomTissue™,"Stumbled upon a banana, and ate it.11/10 Banana Simulator 2015"
,Recommended,328760,15853556,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,ιтѕ яуαη'ѕ BOI,"I've only just started playing this game, and, I can already tell I'm going to have a lot of fun with it. If you're not much of a reader! Then I don't recommend this game for you. However if you like loot whoring and fighting difficult bosses, then, here you have it people!This game deserves a solid 9/10."
,Recommended,328760,33338598,Posted: 7 July,all,sandels666,"Such an awesome game. Pretty much the only roguelike I've ever really loved and played 10 hours or more. The ASCII graphics are perfect, everything feels so responsive, and there's an immense amount of depth in the game. Played almost three hours with my latest character until I died and still didn't even reach Act II.And the best thing is that it cost me a whopping 79 cents.I'd gladly pay 10 times that price for this game."
76561198068300266,Recommended,328760,32328937,Posted: 10 June,all,Zak,"All good (but addicting)This is an edit to my earlier brief review.  I just defeated the Matron, but it appears that there is much more content ahead.  Who knows, maybe my barbarian will get to level 300.  For me, much of the attraction of this turn-based game is in the rich diversity of the weapons, armor, shields, charms.  Each item boosts 2 of 5 attributes (vitality, strength, intelligence, dexterity, or wisdom.)  Items have different levels of rarity.  They can have special prefixes giving boosts. Finding, buying or crafting these items is great fun, and as a character advances, the loot gets stronger.  Other aspects of the game (music, humor, depth) come together.  I will confess that while I play the game on Classic difficulty, I will occassionally go to the Steam data file on my computer and make a copy of the save files to a folder.  I understand that this is frowned upon by part of the gaming community, but I enjoy the game more having the backup.  My point here is that the game can be played in whatever fashion is most enjoyable to you."
,Recommended,328760,32042005,Posted: 29 May,all,vulchor,"If you're craving real JRPG gameplay, this has it all, stripped down to the essential elements, with loads of humor and replayabilty."
,Recommended,328760,31893766,Posted: 21 May,all,Punkin,this game is freaking awesome !!!!!!
,Recommended,328760,17500782,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Maester Silvio,"IntroductionSanctuaryRPG: Black Edition is a humorous and strategic turn-based dungeon crawling ASCII adventure. Drawing heavy inspiration from both Roguelikes and Japanese RPGs, the game offers a robust action-RPG inspired combat system.The StoryYou know those old B movies you saw at the drive-in, or those old sci-fi flicks that are now in the Public Domain? SanctuaryRPG is like that, and it is meant to be that. It doesn’t try and be some AAA game produced by some ridiculously large studio. No, SanctuaryRPG is a wonderful mess of self-deprecating satire, and that’s what makes it so perfect for a text-based RPG.Story Verdict: The precise formula for a comedic, but intriguing, story that’ll keep you enticed.Story Score: 9/10The GraphicsNo, I’m not going to tell you that the graphics are terrible because there’s no fancy SSAA or SSAO. SanctuaryRPG relishes in the wonderful world of ASCII art that is detailed and beautiful. Not only that but the game manages to include secrets within the backdrop of symbols that fit naturally. It works, and it works wonderfully!Graphics Verdict: Simple and old-school graphics are a throwback to a forgotten era of games.Graphics Score: 9/10The ControlsYou can play the whole game with a keyboard, and at no time are controls hidden behind memory. It might take a little time to get used to because of the mechanics, but you are never timed in your decisions. They nailed down solid controls that work well and are always visible.Controls Verdict: Simple to use and never hidden.Controls Score: 9/10The SoundsA myriad of old and newer sounds come together to form the nostalgic, synth-ridden soundtrack of SanctuaryRPG. It’s fun, engaging, and varies enough to keep things fresh during your various adventures. On top of the soundtrack you have the familiar sound effects one would expect from a text-based RPG.Sounds Verdict: It’s honestly a really nice soundtrack with some great sound effects to go along with it. It fits well!Sounds Score: 8.5/10The DifficultyAs with any rogue-like game, SanctuaryRPG’s difficulty lies in both skill and learning from your mistakes. It does this quite fairly, and with the right planning one is able to go far without worry of some nonsensical one-hit kill or unfair mechanic. There are always humorous things that can happen against your favour, but I think that’s part of the charm. I found my time with SanctuaryRPG to be balanced and fair, but still always difficult.Difficulty Verdict: Just the right amount of reward for just the right amount of saltiness!Difficulty Score: 9/10ReplayabilityOne could say that a single hour of gameplay is not enough to judge the scale of an RPG like this game, but do not be fooled; I have spent many more hours on this game without Steam. I can assure you that SanctuaryRPG is deep and offers such a large variety of gameplay and fun that it’s worth twice the price to me (at least).There’s a unique crafting system that is unlike many other RPGs where you have to manage the heat, quality, and durability of an item. You can also run your own tavern; yeah, you can literally become an inn-keeper if you’d like. You can purchase a house too, or fight in the arena!Replayability Verdict: More replayability than games asking for over five times as much money!Replayability Score: 10/10Overall VerdictHuge amounts of gameplay, hilarious story, and engaging graphics give you the most successful nostalgic trip back to the old text-based RPGs of the 80s. I couldn’t recommend this game more, and I consider it one of my favourite RPG games of all time!Overall Score: 9.5/10"
76561198074192294,Recommended,328760,14691602,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,botmun,"One of the best game i've played in long time .gotta hand it to the developers good job guys :D .Its better than i expected , this game is flawless .**i'll give it a solid 10/10**This the first game i bought at full price , if you're hesitating on buying this game .Just buy it you won't regret it , trust me on that ."
,Recommended,328760,21379085,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Tails' Cash Explosion,I romanced a cow.Better than Mass Effect
76561197979565187,Recommended,328760,13487862,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Leshrack,"Crazy entertaining game, fun style, great combat, neat dynamics."
76561198105351811,Recommended,328760,16377013,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Nemesis.,Became friends with many potatoesTaste better than french fries.
,Recommended,328760,18821303,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,̚̚,Like Darksouls but actually good and without the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t deaths.
,Recommended,328760,20151511,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Epitaph,RIP Lyssa
,Recommended,328760,16399914,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,RadioMonkey,"excellent ASCII adventure rpg, a must have for every roleplayer."
,Recommended,328760,16486684,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,eb,Combo-based bleed-stacked affix-spamming potato-fondling missile-dodging keyboard-snapping ghost-milking blacksmith simulator 2015
76561198070545659,Recommended,328760,26678338,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,eraogon,4w350m3
,Recommended,328760,14094324,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Belmont ™,"10/10 - *****/*****Quick & Dirty - It behooves me to write a review on such an amazing traditional RPG that has revitalized my love for nostalgia. The soundtrack is engaging, the graphics are well thought out, the speed and quick screen changes are amazing, and the options are absolutely fantastic for any D&D gamer who remembers the days of old in front of the computer. Extra points go to how indepth they have been working with new traits and races that keep popping up!Graphics = Identical to Nostalgia 80s/early 90sSpeed = FantasticMissions = FunText = Engaging - I found secrets by simply using my brain! (Library code is almost mine at the moment!)In Depth Story = The Matron? Cyrus? The Sword? Blacksmith? - I want MORE!"
,Recommended,328760,13566400,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Phobia,"If there was a game to be different from other roguelikes this is the game, awsome as hell."
,Recommended,328760,13899170,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,OnionMcTwist,"100% worth the money. The graphix look amazeing, the music is awesome and catchy, good and fair combat system. Love the backstories. They alone are reason enough to buy this game. Definately one of the best RPG's of this decade so far."
,Recommended,328760,13839819,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Alessondria,"This game is for people that every turn base RPGs from the early nintendo era or even before that. To those people I recomend the game.Now let me tell you about my 1st game... rather how it ended.So I went to my tavern. There was a few dozen people there and I decided to serve them all. Half way through I drink a bunch of beers to give me some energy to enterain my patrons. I drank a ton of beer and got drunk. Serving all the remaining I closed up for the night. Then I went off in the woods and found a hidden path! What lie was a human BOSS level dude with about 10 times my HP.That was okay. I am used to seeing really beefy enemies. I had a charm that was pretty epic: when I took damage the amount I took was reflected back to the traget. Every time. That was actually my 1st item I crafted and must have gotten super lucky! So even if I just healed myself every turn and took some damage I could basically kill anything.Well... being drunk blocks your command section, I found out. I was doing GREAT till the boss rooted/ entangled me. I didn't notice it and took a few turns healing. But because I was trapped I could not use my heal. I didn't notice it right away because my command section was blocked off. On the last round before I died I was like Ohhhhh I think I am rooted! So I broke free. Then was killed.I played as a ice-person race paladin and made it to level 24 in my 4 hour game. Oddly enough I am not really upset! I had such a great time that story (ie character). Yes loosing did suck but loosing can indeed be fun too!There is a FREE version of the game that is a bit older without some of the newer features and such. So you can try it yourself and get an idea of how the game plays to see if you like it. But its only $4.99 USD right now in early access. And I must say the early access feels like a finished game now. If I had not known it was an early release I would never have guessed it.Tons of replay value. Tons of possible random events. Tons of enemies and items. No two battles or items will be identical! But I can see how playing it for 100 hours would be repetitive for some people. Its easy to play and the combat is actually pretty complex under-the-hood. There are some actual tactics to be had in how this turn base ascii game runs! I am very pleased with this game. And in all truth when I died after the inital ""Noooooo awwwww D: "" passed I felt like clapping! Seriously was that fun to me!If you are an old school gamer and have five dollars to spare then please consider supporting/ owning Santuary RPG. I give this game 8/10"
,Recommended,328760,20775895,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,INVNTIV,Phenomenal. Absolutely stunning
76561198079632176,Recommended,328760,20895346,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Bob_user2,After an hour of game play I felt a strong desire to eat potatoes.
14159265358979323,Recommended,328760,18917205,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Potentiality12,"Awesome!Color ANSI/ASCII graphics, animation of those graphics, STEREO chiptunes, changeable fonts for different-appearing graphics and variety, secrets, many interesting potatoes...Crafting! Own and run the town pub if you want! Become a monk! re-bind and read books for skill upgrades!Awesome!I might be partially in love with the music from this game because its stereo chiptunes remind me so much of POKEY music, but I also downloaded and enjoy the piano version of the soundtrack to this game, so ....Things that make you go HMMM, eh?Awesome!"
,Not Recommended,328760,23275067,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,DamarusRex,"Good ascii game for what it's worth, but very short and limited on free playthrough (not dealing with story).I got deep into it, but when you realize the loot system is broken, and the arena's fights are pretty much all the same, it becomes ridiculously repetitive and pointless to grind anything.Voting negative for lack of endgame. I still do like the game."
76561198104361263,Recommended,328760,24895056,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Taddy Mason,"this game is amazingly complex and brutal. normal mode alone was too much for me at first. getting a few hours into the game and coming up against an enemy who would crush me and end my campaign got extremely frustrating. but i kicked it down to easy and played it like a tutorial for a bit, learning a couple classes and the story and the massive amount of side content such as radiant side quests, or your house you can build/upgrade and dig for scrap/items. you can run your own tavern and build your relationship with different factions within the world. the ASCII graphics are also impressively detailed and the amount of depth they put into their combat system is impressive. this is easily the best text based game i've played. i have 17 hours in it and i don't have any idea where i'm at in the story with any of my characters, but i don't care. i'm having a blast levelling up and questing and exploring the 4-5 areas i've unlocked with them so far and finding a large variety of enemies/bosses/events/items. i'm hoping there's no level cap or the level cap is pretty high, because i love how many different things you can put points in when you level up. the class based skills, the general skills and weapon skills. you can become a specialized badass in just about anything. wanna be a mage who wields greatswords and/or bows instead of the classic staves/wands/daggers? you can. with the overwhelming amount of things there is to do and discover in this game, i don't have enough space in this review to list it all and i'm constantly finding more all the time.the bottom line is, if you like text based games or wanna try a text based RPG, this is the best one i've found so far and i wholeheartedly recommend you try it out. wait for it to go on sale if you're worried about the $8 price tag, but i assure you there is easily a hundred hours worth of content to this game."
,Recommended,328760,31890731,Posted: 21 May,all,Lady 3Jane,some of the best turn based combat i've seen wrapped around charming presentation and rogue-like elements that actually serve a purpose other than product page blurb
,Recommended,328760,14478079,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,PolarPear,You can...Sacrifice potatoesmilk a cateat a catget mauled in the crotchget invited to a cats birtday10/10
76561198024203116,Recommended,328760,14062633,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Pink Unicorn,Made a character.Sharpended my potato.Died.
76561197963083437,Not Recommended,328760,16365282,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Megadeth,"Purchased this game for the nostalgia of old school games and it definitely hit the mark in that aspect. I really enjoyed the old ascii vibe it was kicking out. The diversification blew me away between classes in the beginning but after a few hours of game play the game becomes a rinse and repeat style game where you are grinding ascii monsters and junking most of the loot in hopes of finding some upgrades and just leveling. The combat becomes very simple once you get the hang of it, so much so that it is boring. The story line is definitely better than the kind of story older ascii games gave but I found myself in a lot of situations where jokes were zooming over my head, it felt as if every NPC had an inside joke and I wasn't in on most of them. Overall, I've played the game for maybe 7 hours. I had fun for about 5-6 hours but the rinse and repeat aspect of the game has worn on me and I just don't feel like grinding the number keys on my keyboard any longer and won't finish the game."
,Not Recommended,328760,19923794,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Lucy,"This game actually isn't very fun at all, and of all my Steam purchases, it's the one I most regret."
,Recommended,328760,14506419,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,1-800-273-8255,"Was doing a Barb character, got to lv18. Fought a skeleton, not sure what the affix is off the top of my head.But the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ had me, poisoned, bleeding, snared and exposed. Haha, tried to get to a point where I could heal myself, he just kept reapplying. Eventually all 6k of my HPs hit 0 and I sighed. Well played Mr. Skeleingtonz."
,Recommended,328760,21392691,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Paul Atreides,"I havent gotten around to playing it much, but it honeslty is a really unique game i could sink many hours in"
76561198106571170,Recommended,328760,28765086,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Flowey,potato
,Recommended,328760,14577439,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,╣T☠T╠  ℳike.littlelegion,"GREAT GAMEThis game is excellent. The music is excellent. The graphics are excellent, the ascii art is just fantastic. The gameplay is fun. The game is very humerous, I encountered a wolf who proceeded to vomit on me, but I destroyed him, only recieving a graze to the crotch. Yes, it says stuff like that. The dialoge with the various characters, the quests and events are all well done and can be quite funny. This game is gr8 m8, 88/88  10/10 would buy againThere is just nothing else like it. Good for fans of more old school rpg's."
76561198040457997,Not Recommended,328760,14633816,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Keemossi,"The combat can be pretty fun, but the game has ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s of pointless grinding. Basically, you spend hours upon hours bashing your face against keyboard to craft better gear and farming enemies that offer no challenge in order to maximize your odds of beating the few actually relevant battles."
,Recommended,328760,13908312,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Fain,"Interesting, but it also kind of plays itself. So strange. Needs work, but all in all, not a bad title if you like loot and RPG type things."
,Recommended,328760,14439808,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,S.A.M.,10/10 would grapple again
,Not Recommended,328760,24178206,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,OxY |,"When you reach 3 hours of playtime, you know everything about this game : how to gain xp quickly/how to farm golds/the best way to get new items/etc.The game takes 13 hours to finish. There are not enough new features to make it fun until the end."
76561197974038206,Not Recommended,328760,26477045,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Drax,"A constant barrage of juvernile humor wreck this game for me. It's like the developer tried to emulate Terry Pratchett, but instead of making absurdities out of cultural references the dialogue in this game is just a mash of nonsense."
15535466776778737,Recommended,328760,33573852,Posted: 15 July,all,Deathrayjj,*GUIDE FOR NEW PLAYS MOST IMPORTANT THING*spam the keyboards buttons till your enimies die
76561197960794487,Not Recommended,328760,24636524,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,e.MiDNiGHT,"The game was pretty fun!  Good graphics, funny, hard, and I enjoyed the hell out of a 5 hour session.  Next day, I load up the game and it synced the savefile of my badass character with a corrupt one.  Character had 1 hp, all my gold and items are gone, everything was lost.I would highly suggest not putting your gaming time into a game which may or may not have all your hard work saved for the next time you play it.  When I read the other bad reviews, many complained of bad programming and now I'd have to agree.  A sync should overwrite an older file with a newer file, but in this case it replaced my local mainsave_black.dat with the older one on the steam cloud and completely screwed me over.Don't waste your time."
,Recommended,328760,31623491,Posted: 8 May,all,𒂷𒂉𒆠𒉘𒈪𒂷,its good
76561198116527414,Not Recommended,328760,29279690,Posted: 15 January,all,Sigmar,"As a millenial, I was astonished about the detailed pictures you can get out of ASCII symbols. The music is not bad either.Those positive things said, this game does not feel good to me. As you do not see any moving sprites, it is naturally very much focussed on text and numbers, which means reading all the time (of course without voice acting). The omnipresence of stat numbers makes the combat and world exploration quite abstract and static. As this kind of technology cannot possibly win you over on a visual level, the writing could have been the means to create some kind of atmosphere. Unfortunately, the creators missed this opportunity, making an attempt on a weird surrealistic humour that did not make me laugh once (Pony Island was much cleverer in my opinion). Even worse, it destroys the immersion again and again, and you should not do that in an RPG unless you are really talented in writing self-ironic and fourth-wall-breaking scripts.It is interesting to try out new and old concepts as alternatives to the modern mainstream, but there is a reason why ASCII-interfaces are not used anymore. Sorry - 3/10 from me."
76561197992242407,Not Recommended,328760,15133259,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Hoju,"I don't think I would have purchased this had I realized it's a casual game.As of the writing of this review ""SanctuaryRPG:Black Edition""  isn't quite any of the things I look for in an RL game.  I'd wanted a first person roguelike-dungeon crawl, sort of an ascii version of ""Dungeon Master"". But , I got a passable knock-off of the old door-game ""Legend Of the Red Dragon"" .The crafting system is easy to understand, Stupidly-so, It only has two or three component parts and you can't experiment at all. For examples of fun/interesting crafting systems; take a look at the RL ""Cataclysm:DDA"" or ""Arcanum""  or more recent examples in the ""Witcher"" and recent Elder Scrolls and Fallout games.  The whole thing feels like it was somebody's programming midterm project, and they coded the easy stuff first and just slapped in place holder code for the rest.I hope that someday this game will suprise me by becoming what I'd hoped to purchase.*revised july 2015"
,Not Recommended,328760,18686811,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Blauwe Autistische Vos,"This game was just too hard for me, I would not recommend unless you enjoy ridiculous amounts of difficulty."
,Recommended,328760,14559331,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,flack,░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▐░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄▄░░▄██▄░░░░░░░░░░▐▀█▀▌░░░░▀█▄░░░░░░░░▐█▄█▌░░░░░░▀█▄░░░░░░░▀▄▀░░░▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░░▄▄▄██▀▀▀▀ ░░░░░░░░░█▀▄▄▄█░▀▀░░░░░░░░░░░▌░▄▄▄▐▌▀▀▀░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░▄▄░█░▀▀░░░░░░░ U HAVE BEEN SPOOKED BY THE▀█▌░░░▄░▀█▀░▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄▐▌▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀███▀█░▄░░░░░░░░░░░▐▌▀▄▀▄▀▐▄░░░░░ SPOOKY SKILENTON░░░░░▐▀░░░░░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░▐▌░░SEND THIS TO 6 PPL OR SKELINTONS WILL EAT YOU﻿
76561198028718492,Not Recommended,328760,18404586,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,BBeck,Didn't play it long. Maybe your thing if you like defecation humor. This might have been a great game for 1979 before the PC was invented. This is mostly an attempt at recrating the RPGs of the pre-PC era (mainframe) although it's more of an attempt to mock them than to recreate them it would seem. I didn't get it.
,Not Recommended,328760,14669392,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Forced,"I love ASCII games, but this one is crap. Getting over level 300 is just a massive time sink, I want those hours of my life back."
76561197986527965,Not Recommended,328760,31370059,Posted: 25 April,all,Dasbooby,"SanctuaryRPG is a mess and I'd had enough after playing for 3+ hours.  They should've called this game “1,2,3,3 simulator”.Here's the game in a nutshell.  Start game by selecting classic (Permadeath) or Softcore (Non-perma death).  Then you'll pick a character type.  You'll do some tutorial stuff but by 20-30 minutes in you'll have everything available to you.  The game is essentially divided into 2 portions, dungeons (grinding) and town (farming).  In dungeons, you'll fight monsters, bosses, run into events, and occasionally get some random items.  In town, you can go to a bunch of different shops, craft items, run your tavern, and fight in a colosseum.I don't really have a lot of positive things to say about this game.  Graphics and music are both fine, that's it.  If you're into games where all you do is farm/grind, then this is the game for you.  If you can't stand non-stop farming/grinding because you like games that are actually fun and challenging, you should strongly consider never playing this game.  There's a good game in here somewhere, but it's almost as if every design decision was chosen based on maximizing how obnoxious it could be.  I could go on for a long time on the bad stuff, but I'll try to hit the main things.1.  There's no actual dungeon crawling/exploring in this game (at least there's none in ACT 1).  Rather than go through dungeons or explore, the game gives you a list of areas you can go to along with the recommended level for that area.  You simply press that button “1”, or “2” or “3” and hit enter.  Then  1 of 3 things will pop up:  A. You'll fight an enemy or a boss.  B. An event will occur.  Events just tell you something happening and then you make one of two (sometimes four) choices.  If you choose to pick an option that has you participate in the event, then something good or bad will happen completely at random.  C.  The last thing that happens is you'll find some random item that you don't give a crap about or you'll unlock a mercenary who acts as a passive damage buff in combat.  So 50% of the game devolves down to you pressing 2, fighting an enemy, pressing 2, fighting an enemy, pressing 2, finding an item, pressing 2, fighting an enemy, pressing 2, EVENT!  You find a box: “A” to open box or “B” to leave..... press A, “The box explodes, you're left with one hp”.  Heal up, press 2, fighting an enemy, press 2, fighting an enemy, game now unlocks boss area.  Press 3 to fight boss, beat boss, new area opens up.  Press 3 to go to new area, fight enemy, press 3, find an item, press 3 fight an enemy......... This is the game.  If you found that obnoxious to read, just wait until you play it.  It never stops until your character dies, you beat the game, you kill yourself, or you decide you'd rather go play something interesting.2.  The other 50% of the game will be spent in the town farming items/gold.  You'll get a crap ton of craftable material.  You'll go to the blacksmith and give him your material and he'll make you a weapon completely at random.  If it's better, press “E” to equip, if it's not, press “S” to salvage it for parts.  There's no inventory system, you either equip it or get rid of it.  You can go to your own base and dig to randomly find items or dig for iron which will allow you to craft a random piece of equipment once you have 100 iron.  You can also craft armor, charms, and other things in your base.  You'll play a terrible minigame every single time you want to craft an item at your base.  How good the item will be is mostly random, especially since the game always picks the 2 character stats it will increase at random.  You can also run a tavern, which will allow you buy beer to sell to customers and randomly get gifts (equipment or craftable materials usually).  Even selling beer to customers isn't fun.  There's a set number of customers, a set price for buying beer, and a set price for selling beer.  If the price for selling is higher, buy beer and sell it until you run out of customers.  I've never seen the price of buying beer higher than the selling price, so the entire tavern is just another farming items/gold system.  The town can take a while to go through when you have a bunch of craftable material.  Then when 95% of the stuff you craft turns out to be crap, you get more craftable material from salvaging it, so you then craft more crap............  It gets old really quickly.3.  The last thing I'll touch on is the actual fighting.  It seems like it should be quick and easy, but it isn't.  It's needlessly complex and if you actually take your time while fighting, the game would take a long, long, long time to beat.  There are way too many status/damage inflicting things going on during battles, and they occur all over the screen.  You have to pay attention to enemy distance, enemy prefix abilities, status effects on enemies, status effects on you, then you have to look out for the ensnare status effect which shows up at a different spot from the other status effects.  Bosses have bars that fill up for special attacks, you have bars that fill up for things.  Sometimes quick time events pop up after you/enemy take actions, so you need to be on the lookout for these too.  Then there're your choices for actions, these change as you take certain actions, so you'll have to look at what these do each and every time.  Probably the dumbest thing though is that the game gives you the option to press “?” to see a list of what all the different status effects do, but doing this actually takes up your turn during combat and allows the enemy to attack you.  What idiot decided it was a good idea to penalize the player for looking at what a status effect does?  Most of this is irrelevant though.  You see, during fights against normal enemies, all you need to do is press this combination over and over again until you win, “1,2,3,3”.  So that's all you'll do over and over and over and over and over every single fight.  You do have to watch your hp on occasion.  If you see it go down below 40%, press 4 to heal, then go back to pressing 1,2,3,3 over and over again.  This makes a large portion of the game brainless and pointless, as you'll autopilot through battle after battle after battle.  The only time you really need to pay attention to what's happening is during boss fights.  But even then you can just sort of brainlessly chug along looking solely for key words or keeping an eye on your hp, that's how I beat the final boss for ACT I.I could go on about how horrible this game is but I'll stop.  It really comes down to this.  If you like braindead games where you spend 95+% of your time mindlessly grinding/farming nonstop, then get this game, because it will make you ♥♥♥♥ in your pants.  If you want to play something that will challenge you, requires skill, and will actually activate some areas of your brain, then never play this."
76561197980411330,Not Recommended,328760,16634787,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,AppleDoge,This game is pretty great and plays pretty well.up until an act 2 boss which is unbeatable.
76561197977069906,Not Recommended,328760,15755493,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,BonsaiKitten,The ugliness of early 80s RPGs combined with the incessant grinding of modern RPGs.
,Recommended,328760,31365808,Posted: 25 April,all,🌑,Better than Witcher 3
76561198321072866,Not Recommended,328760,29555097,Posted: 28 January,all,nightstorm51,"It may not be for me, or casual gamers, but keyboard lovers may like it."
76561198056326257,Not Recommended,328760,24736401,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Xekratos,"Let me respond to this game in a language it understands, ASCII.░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄Replay ability▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░In a roguelike Replay ability is a huge part of it. In my opinion this games replay ability is not that great. I feel like it is way too repetetive even for a roguelike. I love the art style. Always enjoy ASCII but this game doesn't cut it for me."
,Recommended,328760,30428463,Posted: 10 March,all,Koxan こはん,Nice game. You feel like you are in 1980 while you play this game. Simple and interesting.
76561198050923461,Recommended,328760,21400438,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Drakmanka,"They had me at potatoes. Then it got better.This is my story.I am honestly totally obsessed with this game right now. I have a really hard time putting it down, even for necessary things like feeding the cat and going to bed.There is a HUGE learning curve right at first, so expect to die a lot. There's a reason the softcore difficulty level is Not Recommended. Like all Roguelike games, you learn from every failure. It really makes you question what's actually a failure, and what's just a learning experience for next time.I love the art style in this game so much. It's amazing what you can do with a little imagination, creative sound effects, and the ASCII system. It's simple, but it drives your imagination into overdrive. With a few keystrokes, some extremely fitting music, sound effects, and imagination, I go from sitting in front of a very detailed text-based battle to a heart-pounding fight for my life.Fair warning, while I thoroughly recommend this game to all rpg lovers and especially people who have a taste for classic-style games, this game is one hell of a drug. I dream it, I see it in real life now, and, most importantly, I will never look at potatoes the same way ever, ever, EVER again."
76561197986525430,Not Recommended,328760,21388782,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Pyrannosaurus,"The ASCII art and music are good, but the game itself quicly becomes stale and repetitive. Very linear and boring. Although if you like to grind you may ilke it."
,Recommended,328760,21417772,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,saltmummy626,"I havn't played a text adventure game in a long time, but I don't remember them looking quiet like this though. I like it. SanctuaryRPG: Black Edition is a graphical text adventure game featuring art made from ascii assets. (numbers, letters, symbols) When I got it, I believed it was a serious game. The fact that it is not a serious game makes it more enjoyable. SanctuaryRPG is reministent of those grindy browser games, like cookie clicker and kingdom of loathing, but only in a vague sense. It really is a fairly enjoyable game, and it is clear that a lot of work was put into the art.A friend asked me, ""I like roguelikes, how is this one?"" to which I said, ""SanctuaryRPG is not a roguelike. It's a text adventure game."" ASCII graphics does not equal roguelike, just as high difficulty and random generation does not equal roguelike. If you like RPG games though, you'll like this one."
,Recommended,328760,21414697,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Pls no,Good♥♥♥♥♥
76561198030695005,Not Recommended,328760,21352325,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,nosanityclaus,"Having played text based games when they were state of the art I was looking forward to trying a really old school game.  It is pretty a pretty straight forward average to below average game compared to past games such as this.  Depth is the main issue.  You get many places to go in your ""town"" area and things to do, but not much below the surface in regards to changing a very linear path on your adventure.  You become powerful, go from area A to B to C, but the little there is as far as side quests really do nothing to affect the story or change your path.  Lots of things to do that really don't affect a linear path of the adventure is not depth...it is grinding.I would not have minded the perma-death so much if it did not seem that in certain sitiuations you get 1, maybe two shot by MOB and done.  I would understand if the risk/reward was there, but not when your character level is within the mid to high range of the area you are in expected level with no chance to get out and playing the average ""classic"" level.   Take all my gold, bump me down half my levels and make me work back up, but not a 1 shot have a nice day why did I buy the good stuff if it won't protect me at all kind of way.For the sale price I paid I would say it is worth it in a waste a few bucks on an arcade game type of way.  If they included a reload from a save point or a more dynamic you were one shot but the goddess of that sucks, but I will save you with a penalty in classic mode were added.  Give me a better branching story, side quests, where I don't feel only one road to the end with a rest stop here and there and would definitely pay full price or more.I appreciate the attempt as just don't find this kind of game much anymore.  Glad I wasted some quarters on it, but probably not one I will come back to much unless it changes from a level grind with a few pretty stickers on it."
76561197971878112,Recommended,328760,21425964,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,BigStrongMike,"TL:DR? Worth full price but a real ♥♥♥♥ing gem on sale.110 minutes from one sitting. Some mixed emotion about this game so far but moreso good than bad...This game is visually simple yet stunning. To make this variety of varying images with ascii and an entire text based battle system, I mean I've done programming and that would kill my soul... to death.brains oozing out onto the little chunks of skull and broken keyboard. That being said the end result is really ♥♥♥♥ing well done. And then there's the soundtrack...The music which so far can vary by menu.enemy.action is a complete homage to old school 8 bit dungeon crawling, and; still seems fresh, and well done and not so far repetitive. To sum it up its like Final Fantasy and father's of Death metal DEATH, sat down with dragon's quest and RoadRash 3d on the playstation with the driving and specific purpose of creating the right and fit soundtrack for this game with this game in mind and this game as an altar to 8-bit throwback gods who demand more out of their Audio RPG elements to be appeased.The gameplay is what really sets this game apart, it's daftly simple but if you aren't paying attention you'll miss a lot of sublte elements that will make the game play in your favor so it takes a while to master (again 110 minutes in...theres still stuff being introduced into the battle system as I progress.So this game really hit me as a standout game, I mean I just got done with Tom Clancy's The Division Beta and this game has more standout unique elements to it that the beta...(I may just be getting hit in the face with the nostalgia stick)and when you talk about AAA titles with less to set it about from its peers than an 8 dollar indie release (that I got for 2$ and yes it was like a sigh of releif to have finally put some money on an actual gem."
,Recommended,328760,21453053,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,The Voice In Your Head,"just. wow. I love these kind of games, very replayable at a moments notice. :)"
,Recommended,328760,21443745,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Demon Wyvern,"just awesome.Dont play this if you have little time, because it will make you play for hours.The interface is really easy to use, with clear explanations and the battles are madeup well. It has everything a normal RPG has, just differently :PRecommend this to everyone who likes a nice RPG!!(And it has potatos :3 )"
,Not Recommended,328760,21468483,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,PizzaDeliveryCat,"I really enjoy this game a lot, but I would appreciate it more if the developer was more active with it. The developer is relatively inactive and there are things with the game that definitely aren't there that should be (e.g. Steam Integration, Achievement Implementation, etc.)I think overall the game is really fun if you can get past the fact that the developer isn't really active. The game itself is a good game, don't get me wrong. But I don't appreciate the fact that the developer is mostly unresponsive and doesn't actively update the game, as the last true update was August 15, 2015. (Which is exactly 27 weeks and 6 days ago.)"
76561198040029392,Recommended,328760,17289656,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,khronos153,"A very fun game, however, perma-death like FTL can cause some violent emotions."
,Recommended,328760,17260810,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Tqxzy,"I love this game. I don't usually like old school games, but WOOOOAAHH. When i stumbled upon this is thought it was going to be terrible. This game is worth your money.Gameplay- +++++ (5/5)Music- +++++ (5/5)Jokes- ++++ (4/5)"
,Recommended,328760,18102883,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Lüdwig,amazing soundtrack its too awsome to say anything else
,Recommended,328760,16638765,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Vincent Vespa,"On my epic adventure, I battled many foes.I slayed some ASCII Dragons, and fondled some potatoes.I danced in the nude and deificated on a hobo.I decapitated ADAM, an annoying little robo....And then I died against the final boss while I was 1 hit away from victory.10/10 Would throw keyboard against wall again.The permadeath is real."
76561198030606872,Recommended,328760,16668324,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Ratboy,"SanctuaryRPG: Black Edition, is a masterpiece in it's own right.30 minutes into the game and I knew I loved it. It's accessible to anyone, and is a game you can marathon on, or to play if you need to kill a bit of time.This game takes the text-based rpg genre and revives it through interesting/hilarious dialogue, quick and rewarding combat, INCREDIBLE music, and even some exploration!A lot of the gripes that people have with this game is that it's a little grindy. I personally don't find that an issue however. The game's quick pace and single button commands make grinding a breeze and even enjoyable at points. Definitely better than any JRPG that you'll ever have to grind for.10/10"
,Recommended,328760,16761779,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,madwurst,"If you're not a friend of the potato, then this game just might not be the right one for you (although you'd miss the chance to sacrifice some at the altar). If, on the other hand, you're up for some absurdity like rubbing yourself with said potatoes for entertainment or slapping a pickle in your face, then this game should be your top one priority. Not even 20 minutes in and you'll be laughing your♥♥♥♥♥♥off.That said, it's quite a witty and complex thing, this game, and really is worth its price."
,Recommended,328760,16800823,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,spicy birdo,"Wow, what a game.I got into this pretty unsure of what I was going to expect and after playing for a little bit, I can say that this game is definately worth your money if you enjoy:- Awesome ASCII-graphics- Cool 8-Bit tunes- Interesting storys and characters- Doing some questionable things to potatoes- Basic RPG gameplay- Loot whoringOverall I give this game a great 9/10"
76561198009981613,Recommended,328760,16568820,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Scruff McGruffin,Spent way more time than I thought I would. Great game.
76561198059603025,Recommended,328760,16399630,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Noob-Noob,Buy it pls.
76561197980825394,Recommended,328760,16400943,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Malice,This game is worth every penny you spend on it wether you buy it for full retail or while its on sale youre getting an awesome game. It is a very in depth rpg that is text based. So if youre into the reading your way through the game this is deffinately something youll enjoy for at least 10+ hours.
,Recommended,328760,16406393,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,tpsilvertown,Reminds me of a bizarro Usurper from back in the BBS door game days. Great pickup.
76561198098107578,Recommended,328760,16407759,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Pie4sky,If you like being frustrated by a decently hard game that makes you want to play it more every time you die and have to restart than this is definetly the game for you. Ive put 5 hours into it so far and i already know im going to put way to many more.pros:-Intresting art stile-music is really good-gameplay fantastic-Can have many charecters at a time-Definetly meets the $1=1 hour rule for game price and if you like it well exceeds it-older stile games are some of my favorite-potatocons-can be really frustrating-hard to stop playing-when you die (unless i think on softcore difficulty) your charecter dies for goodOn a scale from 1-giraafe Id give it 40 game
,Recommended,328760,16409576,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Esooa,Praise the Great Potato
76561198011834412,Recommended,328760,16476956,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Derida,I recommend this game for you.i sure that you won't feel some regretable feeling when you play this game.
76561198023158094,Recommended,328760,16456060,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Rickey Henderson,FAQing hilarious
,Recommended,328760,16459876,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Baconomics 101,"The Adventures of Well_Met the paladin.+began my adventure+slayed some monsters+tried to say hi to a lady and got shanked to 1 hp+slayed more monsters+kissed a perfect looking potato and got sick loot+a stange man gave me a syringe+murdered the bartender with the syringe+claimed the bar as my gold farm+drank lots of beer+almost got wrecked by a mechanical dragon while drunk+killed a bunch of stuff+ran into the shank lady again but this time I shanked her first+started ranked matchmaking+my opponent ivy windhelm laughed at me then wound up a huge punch into my exposed crotch+sorely wounded, I grapple ivy as he is bumbling around to achieve bronze 3+built over a 100 hit combo on my next opponent only to realize he was immune to my ult and got one shot+Well_Met died with shouts of demanding justice on his lips"
76561198079950754,Recommended,328760,16461525,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Natethegreat,"Really fun if you like RPGs and don't care too much about visuals and such. Just pay attention in the tutorial and you'll have a good time. Only issue is the learning curve with understanding the combat. Took me about 10-15 minutes to get a good grasp, but once I did I really got into the game."
,Recommended,328760,16463827,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,ON MY MARK,Everybody should play this game. The mechanics are so simple and easy to pick up - I think that's why this game is so enjoyable. The in-game speech and narrative text is really entertaining. This game takes itself seriously but still understands that it's joking. I can't reccomend this game enough.
76561197995741865,Recommended,328760,16432122,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Antman,"This is the first ASCII game I've ever played, so I can't really compare this to other, similar games.However, the game is quite fun. I was honestly expecting it to be a little more unforgiving, but I'm not having a difficult time. The game does a great job at telling you how to play and explaining all of the numerous mechanics going on."
,Recommended,328760,16432270,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,qc,good♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,328760,16443753,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Emerald Witch,"Do not let the ASCII art turn you off, this game is really amazing. The art is honestly very good for ASCII, and the minimalist style allows for greater focus on the solid combat mechanics that make up the core of the game. As well, you will immediately notice the incredibly high quality chip tune inspired sound track, which is also allowed greater brain share as the graphics are less attention demanding during combat and dialogue.There are 6 classes which all interact with the basic set of commands available differently. Barbarians heal while doing damage better than other classes, Wizards put up Barriers that increase their defense and offense, Rangers shoot and stab things to death while nimbly avoiding damage, etc...On top of this, there is a vibrant meta-game layer in which you can own a bar, build a house, become a master crafter of various items (this system is VERY well done), go to the Colosseum and use the Arena (fight for crafting materials), explore Portals (fight for great loot), and do Ranked Matchmaking (fight for Skill points).If you can deal with perma-death, this game should not be passed up. Fights tend to be fair and you will realize quickly what you're doing wrong after the first few deaths. It does have a mode where death is not permanent as well, though, if that is really a deal breaker for you.11/10 Potatos"
,Recommended,328760,16127990,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,thatsnotme,"I love this game, i really do. But one thing that makes me want to just play something else sometimes, are how abruptly you die. You could be doing great, good stats and items, crushing all enemies, and then suddenly you just get two shot by some easy enemies stupidly unbalanced attacks. Seems a bit broken. Other than that a great game. The only other thing i would recommend be added into this game, is a in between between softcore and classic modes. maybe there are a limited number of respawns, maybe infinite respawns, but there is a substantial penalty. Or maybe just infinite respawns, and maybe your self made penalty is having to farm more stats, or just rematch the enemy that just wrecked you."
76561197972586579,Recommended,328760,16415117,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Revengance,Very fun. And you can save scum if you don't like permeated. Just saying.
,Recommended,328760,16419781,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Calm yourself,"ACTUALLY REALLY GOOD!You start out slow but as time goes you ease in to it. After an hour you're already invested in the game and don't mind playing for some more.It lets your fantasy run wild, even though some ASCII art is shown most is up to you, to imagine.NOSTALGIA TRIP isn't at all out of place here, text based adventure game.Pros:IT'S ASCIILAPTOP FIRENDLYREPLAY VALUEIMAGINATIONCons:TAKES A WHILE TO GET IN TOA LOT OF TEXTWEIRD SCALING ISSUESWould definitely pick this up on sale"
76561198109637517,Recommended,328760,16423526,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,CS Ward,This game is the first ASCII game I have ever played and I am loving it so far and I think it would be perfect for anyone who is wanting to get into ASCII games.
,Recommended,328760,16425233,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,mellkirk,Its the best text rpg game ive played...
,Recommended,328760,13824774,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Stupid Sexy Flanders,"At the time of the review it will only state that I played roughly under an hour. Which is true on Steam. However I have easily put 5 to 7 hours before this game was available on Early Access.It's hard to accurately describe this game because to the best of my knowledge this the only game of it's kind. It has heavy RPG and Rougelike tones, with plenty of caves to clear and side quests to get lost in. The combat system is very well done in the sense that you don't keep attacking again and again until the thing you are fighting falls over or you die. You can take up defensive stances or heal yourself.The team working on this game are also doing a great job of working on improvements and polishing the game. I haven't come across anything that completely breaks gameplay or makes me feel like I'm playing an Early Access Game.This is an easy recommend from me, for $4.99 you can easily get your money back in 1 hour of gameplay, but if you are fan of RPG's, Rougelike, Adventure Style games you will get sucked in."
,Recommended,328760,13830117,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,ratdog,"This game is absolutely amazing. These not much more to say. Heres my list why I love it:Pros:Great ASCII graphicsBursts of great humor planted in the best places.The abillity to murder the tavern owner, then run the tavern for yourself.Nice loot, difficulty, and variety of places to explore and go.A market to buy metals, a blacksmith to buy and forge weapons, your own home to craft and mine, (no joke, you mine for iron to buy armor) a tavern to buy beer, (or as I already stated, run yourself) an arena to fight and clear dungeons, among many others.Surprisingly, very easy to approach, and not very confusing to beginners.Amazing old school music, making each battle welcome just for one of the epic songs.The ability to change the difficulty of monsters in a temple, as well as join one of two religions.Not another 'retro-pixel rpg dungeon crawler for epic lewts,' it is an actual RPG game about fighting monsters using a variety of tactics and weapons.A good amount of loot. Not too little, and not throwing hordes of crap at your face, a variety of different types (charms, armor, shields, weapons) and a good constant chance that you'll find a better weapon.Fresh combat, based on linking combos in turns, but with enemies throwing all kinds of things at you, forcing you to change to survive.Constant updatesCons:ASCII graphics, if its not your thingExtreme difficulty, with not much of an option to make it easier than default, other than going into an extremely cheaty feeling mode where you cant die, its only a huge setback.Some random elements can be frustrating, such as trying to walk from point A to point B, but monsters attacking you about 10 times before you can reach point B.Not very open world, which I think would be a really fun addition to this game.Sometimes its humor can be annoying, for example, my character saw something shiny on the ground. My choices were something like kick it, look at it, pick it up, or walk away. I chose to pick it up. It says something around the lines of ""you start to pick it up, but drop it, and it breaks forever. Oh well."" I really wanted to know what that tiny thing was :(Overall, amazing game, exactly as it is. If I didn't know this was early access, I never would. I remember this being a pay-what-you-want game from a long time ago, and it has certainly come very far from that. I may be raving about how amazing it is, and maybe I went a bit overboard with all the adjectives, but all the pros and cons I made were all true.9/10, only getting better"
,Recommended,328760,13928846,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,CurlyAlpaca,"If you're tempted by this game but are hesitating to buy it then let this review help you. BUY IT!!!! The music is beautiful I could sit and listen to the soundtrack all day. The combat is really good and I think it's innovative for limited mechanics that  you can put into a game like this. It may seem very old but don't let that discourage you. Also the game is very funny in the when it randomly generates a backstory for you, and just funny in general. As I said before BUY THIS GAME. It is completely worth every single penny even when it gets out of early access."
76561198077444044,Recommended,328760,13929650,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Moll3 Energy,This game is great!
76561197980795527,Recommended,328760,13875257,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Atolibus,"I got ahold of this while it was still going through the Greenlight process during beta, and it's only gotten better and better. If you like roguelikes that have a generous amount of substance, this is the game for you. Don't let the ASCII art fool you; under the hood lies a game as complex and as granular as any modern RPG. Definite thumbs up.One minor QoL suggestion - can we get the Retrain Masteries option in the Colloseum moved away from the Ranked Matchmaking? I can't tell you how frustrating it is to accidentally hit that button and waste a bunch of gold (as well as necessitate burning a heal)."
76561198053879770,Recommended,328760,13945287,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,PanzerPastor,"A great minimalist graphic roguelike spiced with good humor. It has pretty unique systems especially battle and crafting system. The devs treat it like it should be: like their own baby. Is flaw by few minor bugs that can be fixed by resetting, and resetting isnt problem cause game saves after everything and I mean EVERYTHING, so you lose bugs."
,Recommended,328760,13818929,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,MiniMech,This game is... AMAZING
76561198046369622,Recommended,328760,13904300,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,David Lopen,10/10  Lost for words
,Recommended,328760,13904616,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,BlueComet,A surprisingly deep game that really does work as the perfect example in showing that good design principles beat out flashy graphics and cinematics.
,Recommended,328760,13906647,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,mc017m,"I had my doubts. Everything is made up with text, everyone you talk to, every item you find, everything. I first saw this and thought ""wow, looks terrible. no wonder it's five dollars""... Then I read a few reviews and saw overwhelming positive things about the game. Hey, I got a $50 gift card for christmas, why not. I'm an hour in and I can't stop playing this game!It took a few minutes to get into it, but I'm officially hooked. This is a brilliant RPG, and a steal at $5. Highly recommended, even just to kill a few minutes during the day."
76561197985685404,Recommended,328760,13919659,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,sgt.greywar,"Detailed, humorous, depth of play not seen in any AAA RPG in recent years. Felt like I was 14 again playing my first CRPGs back in the day."
,Recommended,328760,13856401,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,NOPper,"Don't just bounce off the ASCII, this game has a ridiculous amount of depth and is stupid fun. Combat is a really neat chaining of combos and maneuvering around enemy formations. There's a deep crafting system. You start with a potato.I generally alternate between exclaiming ""WHAT THE ACTUAL F-"" and laughing my♥♥♥♥♥off. For hours."
,Recommended,328760,13857290,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Richard Brown,"Very good game, take be back to old times when i used to play game text based on Dos many years again"
,Recommended,328760,13857490,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Razia,"--This review was written shortly after the game's release on Steam in early access--SanctuaryRPG puts a fresh and somewhat modern spin on the roguelike genre. The combat harkens back to turn-based JRPGs while remaining complex and engaging, as well as Dungeons and Dragons with it's strong, class-based system. There are also many things to do outside of combat, such as crafting, building up a camp, running a tavern, etc. It may seem strange to have to pay for a roguelike, but the price is low ($5 at the time of this review) and updates (both bugfixes and new content) are frequent enough to justify the expense.Other most other roguelikes, this game is played entirely through a series of menus, rather than as an avatar on a map. I love the concept of roguelikes but detest having to moving tile by tile through uninspiring and garbled ASCII dungeons, and SanctuaryRPG removes that from the genre.There are two things I don't like about the game and they are the sense of humour and the quality of the story. The story is thin and generic, and the sense of humour is incredibly childish, but the game plays so well that these aspects can be ignored by those who don't enjoy them."
,Recommended,328760,13858864,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Beardelzebub!,"As someone who enjoys a good roleplaying game, be it table-top or vidja, I couldn't express how happy this game makes me. The humor found with in it's very simplistic and retro theme is what I love about running a game for my friends when we're at the table. All the familiar elements are there for the fantasy vibe as well. A tale of a heroic do-gooder out to slay an evil that was once thought to be too powerful to kill. Along the way you level up your class, abilities, and weapons much like any other rpg, but with this it feels worth it when you reach the next level. Plus the OST kicks some major♥♥♥♥♥ So for anyone who enjoys a good romp in the forests and fields of fantasy, and digs on retro text-based games, I say buy this and feel no regret.5/5 beards."
,Recommended,328760,13871172,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,PRQ,I got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by a doctor11/10 it's okay
,Recommended,328760,14430040,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,NeverNaught Spuk Me Padre,"Combining a quirky sense of humor and ancient game mechanics, it's a fantastic title if it's your cup of tea.You're going to readYou're going to slam buttons to get through things when you get impatientYou're going to laugh at jokes about milking things"
76561198096123395,Recommended,328760,14393010,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,blakfraction123,"Found a small potato, sacrificed it at a temple, got an amulet for it. 10/10"
,Recommended,328760,14454210,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,I AM DOING KEGELS RIGHT NOW,This game has some of the creative and interesting commentary I have read in a long time. The humor is great as well as interesting. The game really brings back the lost art of ascii/text based games. The game is a must have.
,Recommended,328760,14454879,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,SimProseStudios,"Absolutely brilliant game, reminds me of my old Wizardry playing days. I can only imagine the type of love and craft it took to create all this ASCII art. Thumbs way up!"
,Recommended,328760,14455560,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,dfn2,"Simply wonderful and simple. This game is great, even though i'm an all graphics not gameplay type of person."
76561198000685223,Recommended,328760,14455896,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Galthran,
76561198033456030,Recommended,328760,14456521,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Nobuhara,"I fell in love with this game the instant I started playing.It looks like it's a simple and easy game, but it entertains so much and has a challenging combat system.-Strategic combat: spamimg attacks (aka faceroll) WILL get you killed.-Awesome music!-Good main storyline quest + side quests-Character skill customization (class/race/skills/traits)-Rogue like!-Devs are constantly in touch with the community!-Tons of jokes and potatoes!Keep in mind that this is an ASCII game but dont be fooled by its looks! It delivers the ASCII experience VERY well."
76561197992064242,Recommended,328760,14457042,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,flatimus,The ASCII artwork was great!
76561197967668280,Recommended,328760,14457825,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Tehdood,"This game is simply awesome. Great humour, cool old school 8-bit sound track and a plethora of features. HIdden gem, Easy Buy for 6 Bucks"
,Recommended,328760,14458046,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,kainvermillion,"""Your life was Chaotic Stressful and Horny Good.""Fun game.  Makes me think longingly of the countless hours I spent playing MUDs.  It's easy to get into a flow after a while but be careful, as soon as you stop paying attention, you're dead.  Back to the title screen with you, sir.  If you've ever played and enjoyed any text-based games, you owe it to yourself to check it out.  At the very least, try the demo.  It's worth it."
76561197976480438,Recommended,328760,14459306,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,vaughn.sandor,"Sanctuary is a loot-fiend's wet dream. Weapons, shields, trinkets and more, just about every fight you get that odd looking loot emblem and then the suspense. Will it be an upgrade or just another item to salvage into crafting components? Visiting the town and crafting, pouring ale for your tavern customers, reading something from the library for an XP boost. There are a lot of things to do in this text-based adventure. I haven't beaten the game yet but I keep coming back to it. There are several starting characters and races with the ability to unlock even more. The combat commands are simple (just press a number or a letter) but the complexity of it still baffles me after hours of play. Every few levels they add another layer to the combat with another option. Bottom line - For the price you get a lot of game."
,Recommended,328760,14471860,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,evenstar40,"I tried to save a cat in a tree and it vomited blood on me. Waited for a raging river to settle down and nearly died of dysentery. If you have a sense of humor, this game is for you.Don't be fooled by its retro tag; while the game is retro in style, the combat has a very modern feel and is fast paced. Like any classic-style RPG, be prepared to grind. Grinding is kept somewhat entertaining by the randomized encounters (eg - cats in trees)."
,Recommended,328760,14472730,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,extra medium,best rpg 2015 and 2014 and probably 2016 too
76561198067245660,Recommended,328760,14474702,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,🍄 ᑕнΔяℓuттє 🍄,"This game is totally perfect.  I didn't know how it would play based on some youtubes I watched, but it's great.  I could sink many hours into this dying over and over again."
,Recommended,328760,14524867,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Laiyenu the Bloodgaru Queen,If you played MuDZ of any kind this is a nice throwback to that time.Also you can wrassle a dragon naked.
76561198033726957,Recommended,328760,14526205,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Marvi Moonflair,"So. Much. Fun. So many different paths and styles of play, humour is fantastic, and when I started playing, BOOM, it was suddenly 5 hours later. Holy moly, best six bucks ever"
,Recommended,328760,14478804,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,ChubblyWarner,"This game is awesome. Love the way it plays and how it is different to other roguelike RPG's I've played before. No real inventory management to speak of, instead you choose to equip an item or salvage it. Quick and easy. I also love the combat, feels really slick and different to what I've seen before. But it can also catch you out, be careful to pause and make sure your next move isn't your last. Level 30, one wrong button press, game over. I should want to punch the screen and close the lid on my laptop but I don't. I may close the game in anger for about 5 mintues and then I can't help fire it back up again.LOVE THIS GAME!!!"
,Recommended,328760,14569146,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Iron_Archon,"This is a really nice game. The combat system is well-thought out and makes you pay attention, but doesn't punish you too harshly.The craft system is cool - how you craft the item determines how good it is. You can't farm raw materials easily so it makes you want to focus on each craft to make the best item you can get.Randomized dungeons, treasure chests, running your own tavern, this game seems to have it all."
76561198103518030,Recommended,328760,14485676,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Meebl,Beat myself in the groin with a sack of potatoes.10/10 would ign again
76561198099841128,Recommended,328760,14489997,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,9kcrits,"If you're like me, you hate ASCII.Having grown up in the 90's, I was spoiled on 16-bit graphics, and later, polygons. I didn't even know ASCII was a thing until I started getting into roguelikes in my teens, and even then, I had to use tilesets for games like Rogue and Nethack just to comprehend what I was seeing. Some games, like Dwarf Fortress, have remained arcane to me even after hours of video tutorials. In short, ASCII graphics were something I either liked gamesin spiteof, or an obstacle that prevented me from enjoying games I'd otherwise like.Days ago I'd have laughed in your face for suggesting I'd be charmed by this graphical style one day... Particularly because years of struggling with it had made me bitter. It had become a sign of desperation to me in modern indie games; the last bastion for a dev team short on artistic talent. I saw it as an easy out. A flaw. A design choice always made when the pressures of time, money, or ambition precluded other, better graphical styles.And then I played SanctuaryRPG... And my world changed.SanctuaryRPG: Black Edition is a turn-based tactical RPG with, as you've probably guessed, ASCII graphics. Naturally this means that most screens in the game are represented by text, (usually white) on a black background. It's my opinion that this is innately annoying to look at for hours at a time, but SanctuaryRPG have made several smart design decisions that make it tolerable, (at the very least) even to the harshest detractors of text-based graphics.For one thing, ASCII games are notorious for often being visually cluttered. In some genres, like grand strategy, this is practically unavoidable. But SanctuaryRPG, being predominantly a turn-based, menu-heavy RPG, includes a great deal of negative space in every screen. Even better, most of the time the positive space is taken up by nothing more than competent, charming, and not at all visually taxing ASCII illustrations that vary in colour, plus the omnipresent menus beneath them.Obviously if you're not a fan of turn-based RPGs the menus can be a turn off, but as someone with a bit of experience in the genre I can say with confidence that SanctuaryRPG's menus are quite easy to understand and navigate. And when they're not, you can type a question mark in most screens of the game for some clarification. Also, and this is kind of a weird observation, the devs take a great deal of care in not forcing you to remember your character's details. Usually if you can take an action that draws on your character's traits, the game will inform you of the relevant trait in parentheses at the end of the option you can select to perform that action. You'll rarely have to look at your character sheet in-depth, making gameplay much more kinetic and less prep-heavy than it otherwise would be.Now, I know I've gone on about the graphical style of the game quite a bit... But if I do, it's only because I know how skeptical I was before purchasing - and I want to bully other skeptics into doing the same. Because underneath its divisive ASCII exterior lies a truly fun and fulfilling RPG. It doesn't just set up the main quest and inexolerably push you toward its conclusion; it gives youoptions. You can engage in random events, fight in an arena, dig for minerals, craft equipment, fight sets of procedurally-generated enemies, do sidequests, join factions, have awkward conversations with NPCs, run a bar, improve your camp, read books, be followed home by a potato, and more! And some of the minigames associated with these activities are surprisingly robust.Unfortunately, this wouldn't be a review without outlining some things I take issue with in the game; thankfully none of them are too bad. For one, even after the tutorial I found conducting combat a little confusing. Some of the less traditional RPG battle concepts, like moveset swapping, knowing when to heal and when to finish a combo, fully understading your meters, and the *HUGE* list of enemy traits are hard to get down at first, and the subtleties kind of have to be arrived at through trial and error. Also, there are no combat animations or anything, so tossing a fireball as a mage is about as visually interesting as swinging a sword; which is to say, not. Thankfully the classes are differentiated greatly by their traits, so it's still very worthwhile to try on different hats... Not that you'll have much of a choice playing in classic mode, because you're almost certainly going to die, and will NOT want to level that barbarian up to 20 again.So, in closing, I would say that SanctuaryRPG is not only a great game, but the only one to ever cure me, (if only temporarily) of my bias against ASCII graphics. If that's your last sticking point when it comes to buying this game, atleasttry the demo, (available on the developer's site) and see if you enjoy the gameplay. If you typically enjoy challenging turn-based RPGs with a great deal of content outside of the main storyline, this may just be the game for you. If you like all that and don't mind harsh penalties for character death, this is almost certainly the game for you. But don't take my word for it; research! Do enough digging and you'll find the lovely, impassioned devs behind it all, who clearly believe in their product and have infused it with quality to match. And if that isn't the best argument for taking a chance on this game, I don't know what is!Oh, and did I mention that the game is chock-full of oddball humour? Didn't feel right to list it with the pros or the cons since it's such a subjective thing. I like it, though. :)"
,Recommended,328760,14306629,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Hugh,"A woman approaches you and warns you of graphic scenes of digging and nsfw potatoes.You stab yourself in the neck.This is where your story begins.[+] Funny first couple playthroughs[+] Inventory is convenient[+] Battle system is very fun[+] Music[+] Crafting is fun[+] Doesn't require quick reflexes, great way to chill out[-] Steep learning curve; read below[-] Doesn't really offer different play styles - no talent/spec builds, just stat packing[-] Permadeath means the beginning becomes repetetive[-] Grinding (also because of the permadeath)Why would I recommend this game: Even though it is very simple in its gameplay, the fun random elements make it exciting and the battle system makes it very challenging. I keep finding myself coming back to it simply to chill out and enjoy playing a game that doesn't require fast reactions.It takes time to get used to, so I recommend first downloading their ""demo"" (basically full game, but lacking in the black edition features) from their website. If you enjoyed it, get this game. I bought it, because I really liked the demo and thought ""eh, only 4 quid, may as well suport the developers for this awesome game"". I was really surprised just by how much bonus content there is in the Black Edition - I highly recommend purchasing it!The only thing that pushed me away (initially) was the combat - I had no idea how it worked, so in case anyone reading this is wondering the same: Basically the numbers are your skills and they CHANGE if you use them, and the aim is to go from starter to linker to finish without dying (this is really simplified, but should allow you to at least navigate the combat menu).Get the demo. If you are creating a second character and enjoying it, get the black edition."
,Recommended,328760,14536883,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,fornix,Great rpg!
,Recommended,328760,14538187,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,S A D  P R U S S I A N,"NOTE: I immediatly wrote this review after my first Playthrough of the game so I have not experienced much.I had read about this previously (before steam release) in PC gamer and I thought I would love it as I do like me some classic Rogue or Stone Soup and I was right.You dont have a top down view of where you are and move around with strange keyboard controls like most ASCII RL games. It plays more like an interactive text game (like zork for example) but with less freedom and knowing where you're going more instead of spamming north until something interesting happens or waiting whilst thorin starts singing about gold.The combat system looks really complicated and it is, you have starting moves, linking moves and finishing moves. You're meant to use a starter then a linking move and then a finisher unlocks which you can use for extra damage or something. there is also relocating so if an enemy is about to charge you or something then you can relocate and the enemys charge cancels. There are also rage attacks but I have no idea how it works.This game is packed with references to fantasy/Sci-FI films and games Like the lord of the rings, the game also seems to have an unhealthy obsession with potatoes (seriously the second weapon I picked up was a potatoe staff). and the game makes me laugh in normal conversation with the NPC's saying stupid things or breaking the fourth wall. Once during some ""Mountain Exploration"" I came across some ""Random Onions"" and my options were 1) boil 'em 2) mash 'em 3) sitck 'em in a stew Which was a hilarious nod to lord of the rings (well I found it pretty funny at least).The soundtrack is pretty good and it made me feel weird actualy like I was tripping out or something and I couldn't help feeling disconnected from everything but the game immersing me in its rather ridiculous world.The ASCII art of the different characters is really good too even on the enemies the same jumbled letters, numbers and symbols put together are different each time and I even saw a skeleton that looks like Megadeths mascot ""Vic Rattlehead"" although I don't know if that was intentional (Megadeth is a Thrash Metal band that was famous throughout the 80's and 90's).Overall the game is really good although i'm probably biased because i'm a sucker for roguelikes.I score the game a solid 9/10 If you like good storytelling and strange monty python/deadpool humor then this is a must buy."
76561198038126464,Recommended,328760,14395754,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,mdjohnnymac,"Wow.  I thought that this was going to be a simple old school RPG.  However, looks can be deceiving!  The depth present in this little gem is amazing!  I found myself immersed in this game immediately.  I have only began to scratch the surface of this game and I am very much looking forward to seeing what else it has to offer!  Great  job!"
,Recommended,328760,14449108,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Lord-of-Purple,"Seriously though, this game is REALLY funny.So far only played it in early access but even now I love it. The comedy is excellent, the Combat system is very speedy and involves a lot of strategy (think Pokemon but more than 4 attacks and a lot more fast-paced).It's definitely a roguelike because you will die the most frustrating ways (that, honestly-speaking, could have been avoided if you sucked at this game a little less) and each character can be played exactly the same (although the HUGE variety of items and stat changes will probably prevent that in a lot of ways) or completely different.It has a storyline that you'll follow each playthrough, but if you've been dying a lot and don't wanna reread all the dialogue you can go to the Options and select the choice to remove all speech/event text from the game (which is very easy to switch back on once you're where you want to be).Overall this game is great. It's in Early Access as I'm writing this and launching today, and I really do think you should buy this game because even in this early state it's got a lot of fun content.The game has a lot of character. It's got humor, fun combat, REALLY fun character building and extremely replayable.2/2 would buy again"
,Recommended,328760,14452570,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,qrter,"Hugely enjoyable game, taking the best from the roguelike genre, adding eye-bleeding ASCII art, mixing it with actually funny writing (something that's in short supply in games), and as a bonus - a nice crisp leveling rate for your character.What's not to like? Not a thing. The game is excellent."
,Recommended,328760,14494354,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,EverMichi,Almost as addicting as potatoes and ghost milk.  10/10.
,Recommended,328760,14494586,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Doodat | Texas,10/10 would stab a tavern owner again (for the potatoes)
,Recommended,328760,14494655,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Lascivar,"To anyone whom may be looking at this game in a skeptical light because they love Rogue-like games but aren't sure about the ASCII appearance, the game is cheap enough to take the plunge.I recommend you force yourself to play through twenty minutes of it and you'll soon realize that graphics aren't everything and that initial twenty minutes has become a few hours."
76561198090746427,Recommended,328760,14497023,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,HEISENBERG,"I walk into the butchers lair ,a flying potato appears , I cut it open and it explodes. Never trust flying potatoes. 10/10"
,Recommended,328760,14499860,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Seltox,"tl;dr - This is an exceptional gameAround about a year ago the 'original' SanctuaryRPG was released.  I downloaded it back then (it is freeware) and fell in love with it.  Black Edition (paid now) adds more content, better art, more races, more class perks, mercenaries, faction system, etc.This is a turn-based rogue-like RPG with surprisingly deep content.  Combat requires you to always pay attention.  Is the enemy getting ready to charge you?  Are you snared?  What sort of special modifiers does this enemy have?  What debuffs have I got & can I get rid of them (is it worth it)?There's a few different places for combat to take place, too.  You can just be out in the fields encountering enemies, pressing forward with the story, in one of the 'randomly generated' dungeons from the Colloseum or taking part in ranked matches in the colloseum.  I'm not really far into this edition, so there might be more later.. Who knows.Besides combat there are other things to do!  You can take over a bar and serve the patrons to try and get gifts, spend cash to upgrade it & draw more patrons, get cheaper beer, etc.  There's a sort-of house building mechanic where you can gradually upgrade your camping ground to a hut, shack, cabin, etc.  A great crafting system that reminds me of the system in Final Fantasy XIV.  Plenty of amusing 'events' that take place!  See a syringe on the ground?  Yes, you have the option of picking it up and injecting yourself.  Come across a cow?  You can kiss that thing.The caveat of this game is that it is entirely text.  All the art is ASCII art (and it's great) - this means it's definitely not for everyone, but I HIGHLY recommend everyone at least give the freeware version a shot (this might just be a demo now.. Google for it), and if you like it.. Pick up the Black Edition.I highly recommend this game, but am willing to admit that it is probably not for the majority of gamers."
,Recommended,328760,14504585,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,sonicthepiehog,11/10 Would potato again!
,Recommended,328760,14507318,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,UltimaQuazar,"Fantastic game, love the text and the feel of the story so far.I'd rate this 10/0000 1010 if I could."
76561198076833778,Recommended,328760,14508942,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Alan,"I don't know what half of these buttons do, but I like pushing them.9/10 Definitely not enough potatoes."
,Recommended,328760,16437011,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,iainmcgin,There is something amazingly zen about this game.
,Recommended,328760,16492396,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Dexter Chacko,"This game is incredible. I never had much love for Zork or other text-based games, but SanctuaryBlack is so modern and intelligently designed that I have no problem with the entirely text-based system.Plus, perma-death in a game that can take upwards of ten hours to complete makes for ridiculously tense situations -- multiple times when I was near-death I needed to completely pause just to consider every available option, and make peace with my character's passing, (in case things went awry.)Also, major respect to the game's composer; the soundtrack is perfect."
,Recommended,328760,18652120,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Kemadin,"I think my favorite part about this game is that I can play it at work and no one really knows I am playing a video game. Aside from that, it's a pretty challenging rogue like that I think MUD/Turn-based RPG fans would enjoy. The humor is also great, especially during the character creation portion of the game."
76561198132812456,Recommended,328760,18782907,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Captanegan,Pretty damn addicting
76561198045317516,Recommended,328760,18344215,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Ogre Magikarp,"You come across a review of SanctuaryRPG: Black Edition.1. Read it2. Lick it3. Hug it4. Run away screamingThis game is rediculous. The story so far is excellent, though it is difficult and the normal difficulty has permanent death, so I am a long way from beating it.But more important than the story is how rediculous this game is. You can milk ghosts, stick potatoes up your butt, strip naked and dance on a table, and many other daft things. But that is what makes this games so amazing. The highlight of character creation is the backstory it generates for you, with lines like ""One with a fondness for puppies, you enjoy kicking them"".The gameplay is very simple as all you need to do is enter one character inputs. The music and ascii artwork are extremely well done.All in all an amazing game."
76561198024128039,Recommended,328760,17181850,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Snuggles,"I love this game. I was always a big fan a MUDS back in the day and this brought back hundreds of hours of playing those. This not a game for the easy goer either. It took quite a few characters to beat the game for the first time. Even after beating the game, I continue to play the other characters, and some of the other features in the game. It is a blast and I recommend it to anyone who likes a challange, or text based games."
76561198124574839,Recommended,328760,14705353,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Lord Belgarath,There is something about ASCII that keeps you coming back for more.Awesome game.
,Recommended,328760,14713725,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Llama Thrust,"This game is surprisingly good. I have died a bunch of times, so I don't think I've gotten very far with the story. But I find this game fun because there is no real time elements to it. You can go through 5 battles in 30 seconds if you know what keys to press.  And you only use the keyboard (good for being lazy).  There is some goofy middle school humor, but it's not too bad.tldr: good for being lazy and having potato fetish7/10"
,Recommended,328760,14613755,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Syntrix,"This game is remarkably awesome!  If only door games back in the BBS days had been this great- combat is fun and engaging, there is plenty of depth, and you don't get stuck in a flurry of typing out cardinal direction shortcuts to move around the world.As long as you are good with ASCII graphics!"
,Recommended,328760,14043335,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,utoxin,"Got this because it looked hilarious. And it is.It's also a great game, and a LOT of fun to play if you can accept a text based game of this style.  I'm on my second character, and learning a lot. I expect I'll die again soon though... I'm getting into new areas of the game again. :)"
76561198010341924,Recommended,328760,14043913,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,RottenCurry,b0ss/b0ss
,Recommended,328760,14024371,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,lord.mrakainus,"Not even ten minutes in, and this game has me hooked. It's like the prototype to Dragon Quest, only far more amazing. Is it the eighties again? Did games suddenly become magical again? Suddenly I want a mullet..."
,Recommended,328760,14035924,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,DjMeas,My character saw a glimmer of light in the distance and poop herself.11/10 would poop in my pants again.
76561198069898029,Recommended,328760,14200114,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Rusty Trombone,"I can't stop playing this game; my other games are gathering so much sad lonely dust from lack of use. I wake up in the dead of night and hear ""Beep, boop, boop beep"" and I know it is this game calling me to get up and build just one more character up to level 40 or so and then kill it by pushing the wrong button one time."
76561198058152149,Recommended,328760,14287865,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,KingHearts5,This game is fun simple to learn the only down side is the text walls but still a great game
,Recommended,328760,14291819,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,OtherMech,"At first the ASCII graphics prevented me from buying this game. After looking at some gameplay I decided on buying SanctuaryRPG and I was not dissapointed. The combat is fun and gives a very satisfying feeling when chaining together attacks. Moving around the ""world"" is linear but this doesn't make the game less fun. It has a humerous writing style with much of the dialogue being rediculous. The random story generation has made me laugh constantly and never gets old. Make no mistake, just because the game is funny does not make it any less hard. You will die and most of the time you won't even see it coming. All in all this game is very well done and is a great spare time killer."
76561198035693771,Recommended,328760,14236426,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,The Puffy Shirt,"Randy, I AM THE LIQUOR.It's hard but fun"
,Recommended,328760,14279010,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Chookster,"Funny, occasionally dark, damn addictive.Needs more potato."
,Recommended,328760,14216260,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,SQUOG!!!!!!!,"A big♥♥♥♥♥hawk attempted to charge at me. It fumbled, I grabbed it out of the air and smashed it in to the ground. It still managed to kill me. 10/10.But in all seriousness, the game is super fun, and even has a combo system which is really unique for a text based game. The game is really funny, and has a ton of depth and content. Highly reccommended."
76561198104524329,Recommended,328760,14219612,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Always Trust Mussolini,"I bought this game because I had money in my account and I could afford this one. It seemed unique, being totally made of ASCII art. However I wasn't sure whether it was worht it until I decided to play it. I actually really like this game. It has humorous moments, beautiful artwork and the old school feel."
,Recommended,328760,14220694,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Zastian,"I was skeptical about this game based on the fact that it is entirely ASCII based.  My gut told me to get it though, so I did.  I am so glad that I went through with it!  This is such a fun game!  Here's a few other games I love so you can get an idea of my taste:Binding of Isaac:  RebirthSpelunkyDungeons of DredmorVaganteRisk of RainFTLLegend of GrimrockBuy this game!!"
76561198019196948,Recommended,328760,14169435,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Blyze,This game is amazing if you ever loved MUD's.  Please add to Mac and add multiplayer let this game take off I wanna play with my friends!
76561197969061248,Recommended,328760,14159583,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Blue Chimera,"Fantastic game!Very well written, and then there is the randomness of quirky sentences and jokes that made me laugh often.I know it is early access, but the only thing I have been trying to figure out is how sometimes i can reposition to avoid a monster's charge, and I still get hit... perhaps im doing it wrong, but it is totally random.*5 point scale*---Overall rating: 4---Price: 5 (based on how much I enjoyed the game, for the price I paid)Fun factor: 4Story: 4Music: 4Sound(effects): 4Replayability: 5"
,Recommended,328760,14118725,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Razznak,"For those that have never seen Ascii before, they might stop and think ""that game isn't finished!"", but I'm here to tell you Ascii has a benefit to it graphics doesn't have. Imagination. The simplistic play-style leaves everything to your imagination's desire, except the ability to kick butt, that you must achieve yourself. So if you are one who loves RPG's, minimalistic games, or even enjoys buffing stats, I recommend this game to you.-Edit-One problem that I find could be improved upon: The steam overlay does not work."
76561197967719185,Recommended,328760,13960503,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Washcloth,"I love ASCII graphics. I love rouge-likes. AND AT FIRSTI WAS HORRIFIED at what i was seeing and doing in this game. The charm immediatly appealed to me,  but the game play itself seemed incredibly lack-luster. To the point of ""what am i even doing here?""That was until I leveled up a few times, and had about thirty or so encounters and suddenly, i was finding myself entertained. Im not sure when it happend. probably as i learned what all the combat indicators where atually telling me to do, and now im afraid this game has achieved candy crush level of addictiveness for me. And it all has to do with the rouge like nature of the item drops and encounters. Watching the little animation play as you know its generating up a item is fun, and feels like gambling in a bizzare way.This is a game that opens so incredibly narrow in its presentation i almost rage quited to uninstall- having assumed i made a terrible mistake. But thank god i didnt, or i would be missing out.Fighting,Mining, crafting, tavern running- its all as interactive as a few button presses. But my god! do the button presses feel good! (Once you know how mighty striking that 4 key truely is)The music? spot on. Ive left the game minimized just to enjoy it while i did some other things not involving pressing numericals.The battles? Once you know what you are doing, are fun and can be extremely challengingLeveling is intuitive and not too bogged down with fluff (INT, STR, DEX ect. do as you would assume)talking to freindly NPC's are only worth the quirky lines and the occasional reward for even bothering. otherwise, interactions could use some work (looping dialogs)Pacing is difficult, as you would expect from a rouge like.~I KNOW I HAVE NOT SEEN ALL THIS TITLE HAS TO OFFER~ i just feel it.SO, to summarize, this is a wonderful little peice of classic gaming. Not for everyone, but certainly for me. If  reading (gasp) and dying permanently is not fun for you- dont bother with this.but as we know, LOSING IS FUN! and READING IS ..FUN!Also.. the level of ""oh, thank god i did that other wise id have missed (insert thing here)"" is just right. Talk to people, wander around. Its worth it!"
,Recommended,328760,13706288,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Shadydragon,This game is silly. From the backstory generator at the beginning to the bosses to the weapons. It's really something that I cannot describe.The entire game is in ASCII art and the sounds are reminiscent of old DOS games.If you have a silly sense of humor and enjoy text based adventures. you'll really enjoy this game.
,Recommended,328760,14382876,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Yunyun,"My first run I chose to be a wizard. I got to level 27 and it was terrible experience when I died. I just was like... All that effort. The game is fun, but it's defenitely unforgiving when playing classic. I think this a great game and I highly enjoyed it. 10/10"
,Recommended,328760,21130403,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Nos the Merc,"[FIRST IMPRESSIONS]I didn't think I'd like it as much as I do now.  At first glance it appears to be archaic and generic... but it's not!  The mechanics that are used are superbly designed and allows for a deeper tactical experience than your typical JRPG/Rougelike.  The controls are surprisingly fluid (for what kind of game this is) and acute.  I could go on and on about how it broke every negative expectation I had going into it.So long story short is this: Don't be intimidated by it's archaic overtones; it's only a year old.  Don't think this is a ""mash 'attack' to win JRPG""; it's more than that.I'm just sucked into this simple little game.  I'll update the review once I've played more."
,Recommended,328760,21397214,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Mufasa02,Now this is a real game!
,Recommended,328760,19668411,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Brobro Sunfun,"> Game is divided into ""Acts""> Each Act has a badass boss at the end> You reach one of these bosses> Your ears leave your body to go live with Raphael Langoni Smith"
76561198041810229,Recommended,328760,21611552,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Twerp1010,It's so good.
76561198224160400,Recommended,328760,21633718,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Nura,"I know that I only have a few hours of playing this, but its either a game you'll love or you won't.What i really love about this game is the art i mean 11/10 , the art is the whole reason Why i bought this game.Oh and the story is alright too..."
,Recommended,328760,22079903,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,CuppaBro,"The writing has its moments, but a lot of the time it's painfully unfunny wacky randumb katy teh penguin of d00m xD-tier stuff (the game has a very odd fixation on potatoes)That said, the gameplay is extremely addictive, and I dare say it's enough to completely offset that fact.And the soundtrack kicks♥♥♥♥♥ It is far beyond what I ever expected from an ASCII game....Wait,♥♥♥♥♥♥ this review isn't going to be popular unless I put an Undertale quote somewhere in there, uh...""Do not be afraid, my child. I am TORIEL, caretaker of the RUINS.""There, did I meet the quota yet?...am I free now?"
,Recommended,328760,22093375,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,OOMGA BOOMGA MAN,Fun
76561198133248477,Recommended,328760,22053984,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,dannyboybul2,"A simple text based adventure with good music and good fun. I like it, but maybe I'm crazy, and maybe, you should buy this game. 9-8/10 (idk man i'm not a profeshional i was just bored) , would reccomend."
,Recommended,328760,22163831,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,GuessTheNameSlick,"Like RPGs, weapons, jokes, and potatoes? GET THIS GAME"
76561198275355357,Recommended,328760,22154198,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,sand11lions,"I found this game to be addictive and humourous.  Reminded me of the old Comador 64 games my young self would eye enviously over the shoulders of bragging adults.  The style is very cool.  Amazing what you can do with text.  I wish there were more games like this.  Oh, and the soundtrack!"
,Recommended,328760,22192196,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Illuminatiagent,"This is a great game, reminds me of an old BBS game I used to play called Exitilus."
76561198165871589,Not Recommended,328760,22169416,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Mig.,"I found the game completely not my style. It was hard to read the text without straining the eyes and the story was uninteresting. Music was pretty good though. Controls were fine, just too complex and a messy UI."
,Recommended,328760,20139922,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,You're Dad™,"I got this game on a whim and I was not expecting to love it so much. The music is amazing, the combat system is simple, yet implements many systems that make it feel like so much more than spamming 1, 2, 3, 4 and Enter. If you like RPG games at all, you'd be doing yourself a favor by getting this"
,Recommended,328760,20402792,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Ned,"I found a really nice sword, wow for once an item drop that's for my class and spec, hoorayI was able to craft good armor after wasting half my materials I'd found trying to figure the system outI had enough gold to buy whatever awesomeness the blacksmith could whip up and whip outI killed bandits, I killed skeletons, I killed really angry computers. Actually got past level 5 for once.Doing well, but need to cast a heal first thing next fight, hp is kinda low.I got a random event!!There is a potato on the ground....mkay, I can pick up, stab it, or run away.I stab it with my badass sword, screw you potato!!!It stabs me back. Hard.ded, game over, back to the start. screw you potato.10/10 would not ♥♥♥♥ with potatoes again"
,Recommended,328760,20442354,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,RUSSIAN HACKER,"This game is fantastic. An hour in and the game has impressed me tenfold. The ASCII, the attention to detail, the humor, the atmosphere, and oh god the music - its a great, cheap immersive game and I'd highly recommend it to any fan of dungeon crawlers/text based adventures alike."
,Recommended,328760,20455508,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,TheNerd_v2,"Though unasuming at first, this game is lengthy, full of content, and brutally difficult. This game has the most advanced turn-based combat system ever, with layers upon layers of complexity with everything from distance to time of day. For example, the activity log has propmts to punish your opponent. Above all of this is the absolutely beautiful ascii artwork, which makes the perfect example of creation of art under restriants. 10/10."
76561198037956650,Recommended,328760,20461981,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Much Ill Mentality,"If you arm yourself with a decent imagination (and a potato), this is a very enjoyable game.The mechanics are slightly repetative, but it more than makes up for this downfall with witty or goofy remarks.I recommend this game for 1-2 hour snack sized gaming sessions. Pick it up on sale, and you won't be sorry."
,Recommended,328760,20494025,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Big Boy Meme,"Yea, I milked that ghost. So what?Ghost Juice/7"
76561198025450161,Recommended,328760,20500107,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,uniteRdie,"I like this game mashed with butter, gravy, and a side of corn on the cob. (dont like it off the cob) 10/10 would eat it again."
76561198036948768,Recommended,328760,20534476,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Megaboot,"Great game if you are bored with anything out there right now or you played any classic MUD's back in the day. However, be warned. If you play on Classic mode(which you should imo) when you die, thats it. I made a fatal mistake about 3 hours into my first character and got killed. Lost everything. However, as I stared at my screen in awe, I remembered how games used to be. Hard and challenging.If you are looking for something with a challenge and enjoy using your imagination this is your game. Its witty and an overall good time."
76561198057296366,Recommended,328760,19913545,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Noki,"Oh god, this game is so addictive.Although I'm an experienced roguelike-player, I was kinda sceptical about SRPG due to its (almost) complete lack of graphics.But after playing the game a few hours, I stand corrected. This  game is amazing. While I can totally understand if people are unwilling to learn the game's UI, it's so worth the time and effort! Also, a seriously amazing soundtrack.In my first game I rolled a Human Assassin who apparently pooped out a potato. I slashed and arrowed my way through the first few enemies, fortified my camp a bit and killed the local tavernkeep. I also found a banana that was filled with bugs for some reason (good thing I didn't just take a bite). I then died after being slapped by an eagle.Definite recommendation if you're (a) into roguelikes or other perma-death RPGs and/or (b) not focused on graphics and/or (c) love games with a strange sense of humor.Maybe not your cup of tea if you like fast-paced action, button mashing, flashy visuals and bombastic plotlines."
,Recommended,328760,21491075,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Kirainu,best graphiks of 2016
,Recommended,328760,21768487,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Noroi,[1]Enter[2]Enter[3]Enter[3]Enter
76561198136322213,Recommended,328760,17271751,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,biochemist,A great game whith a amazing sound track
76561197975247124,Recommended,328760,17358642,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Evilgoattea,"Do you like super retro games?  RPGs? Text based games?  Then you'll love this game.  It takes an old genre and dusts it off with some moden bells and whistles like a pretty indept crafting system and turn based tactical combat that you really need to pay attention to.  Also perma death, you die you start from the beginning.  You can of course turn this off if you want a more causal experience."
,Recommended,328760,17325843,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Backbone,It's like ASCII crack. Great rouge like with good humour.
76561198025110667,Recommended,328760,17389268,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Ser Mallycakes,"I loves it, it's really charming. Obviously it has almost nothing to offer in the way of graphical amazment, but you can see that via the screenshots and that's not the charm.It's very old school, perhaps a little too old school for me. I've just had my first death after 4.5 hours of gameplay and starting from scratch after all that time is a bit much. Thankfully you can alter the settings so it doesn't have to be that way. That's a nice addition. Some people will love playing dead is dead, others will pull their hair out... Some will pause write a review and restart, apparently.ProsSurprisingly immersiveCombat is easy to graspAt just over a fiver, you can't argue with the price. You'd not get two pints for that in England. This is way more fun and lasts lots longer.The graphics are charming and clever for what they are.There's a paladin class, love me a bit of paladining.ConsThey seems to think that mentioning potatoes is the height of comedy. Unless I'm missing something, I'm inclined to disagree. It borders on immersion breaking tbh, but overall it's a fairly minor complaint.Combat was beginning to get a bit samey at 4.5 hours.I'm really enjoying it thus far, and at the price, I already feel I've had my moneys worth from it. Away I go to start afresh."
,Recommended,328760,17456122,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,AnGG,"If you want to play really Hardcore RPG game, this is what you seek for! 300 levels, cool plot, really low minimum requirements (!) and TONS of dead heroes and restarts!!! But there is only one minus - game developers launch Steam achievements asap)))"
,Recommended,328760,17396043,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,MARIOMAN6444,"its a fun game but i did die at lvl 34 because my guardien made me randomly die,,,,,,,,,so yahh"
,Recommended,328760,16533325,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,flador,"This game somehow manages to make turn-based textual combat really fast paced and exciting. There's also a surprising amount of metagame, and the art and music is fantastic.  A must play if you like potatoes."
76561197970205339,Recommended,328760,16413412,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Shinikake,Warning: This game is EXTREMELY addictive!
76561198000525825,Recommended,328760,27577448,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,St Fuu,"I was in the mood for a retro dungeon crawler recently and decided to give this title a try. I certainly fits the mold perfectly.There is nothing flashy about a game displayed entirly in ASCII, but the game play is top notch. I have not gotten beyond levele 10 yet but I will eventually. Encounters are random as is loot so there is a rogue-like feel to the game. Massive relayability.If you want a taste of what games were like before EGA graphics, at $0.79 during the fall 2016 steam sale, you can't go wrong with this title"
,Recommended,328760,27773442,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,hogWilde,"Text-based gameplay and ascii art. Truly old-school. But it twists the conventions of the genre in unexpected ways, making you want to play more, laugh more, fight more, and die more!"
,Recommended,328760,28074715,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,HungryNBroke,"I would say this game is worth full price if you enjoy rpgs, but it is definitely worth the $0.79 I payed for it!"
,Recommended,328760,27736706,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ʷ ᵃ ᵗ ᶜ ʰ ?,"I died because I got drunk at the tavern entertaining guests, totally worth it."
,Recommended,328760,27491520,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,tv,"Overall great and difficult roguelike with deep gameplay mechanics, nonsense and satirical story, and beautiful soundtrack. Also, lots of potatoes. Worth every penny."
,Recommended,328760,27686205,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,clickbait,"Will ""A"" again."
,Recommended,328760,33238541,Posted: 4 July,all,hucskool,"I've only just started playing this game but I'm definitely addicted already. The interface can take some getting used to if you aren't used to old school games, but it doesn't take long to learn at all.  I'm still learning all the ins and outs of the game but the tutorials and help menus help out a ton.If this game interests you in the slightest and the sale is still going on ($0.79), just buy it.  I guarantee you'll get more enjoyment out of it than you would spending that money on guac at Chipotle."
,Recommended,328760,31379495,Posted: 26 April,all,[NN$] PUDDING GOD,This is a really neat RPG game if you don't mind looking at ascii art and text graphics. Funny tounge-in-cheek humor and an interesting soundtrack. Nice to pick up since it's cheap
76561198025574671,Recommended,328760,33261679,Posted: 4 July,all,swamprattv,"this is a great game, sale or not this is a great oldschool style game."
,Recommended,328760,33283746,Posted: 5 July,all,LinkedChaos,Im recommend this game. It brings back many memories of the hours I have spent playing text based games. I think it is to short and not enough freedom of choice other then that it's great
76561198115579912,Recommended,328760,33304467,Posted: 6 July,all,⳽ Ⳏ ⳛ Ⳋ ⲧ ⲧ Ⲩ,"I can already tell you I've found a new addiction, honestly I did not expect this much when I bought it either."
,Recommended,328760,33324449,Posted: 6 July,all,McNoodle,Very good rogue-like game! Music is also great.
76561197972424050,Recommended,328760,33293024,Posted: 5 July,all,MrMoogieBoots,Surprisingly fun old school ASCII RPG. I need to sink more time into this...
,Recommended,328760,33470769,Posted: 11 July,all,aceb20,Fantastic game! Worth every penny!
,Recommended,328760,33539652,Posted: 14 July,all,telljeremy,"I'm shocked how much I like this game - I'm not quite old enough to have played Zork but I loved the idea of text RPGs.  This seems like an updated version of the gameplay (you don't have to type strange, long, text commands) but still hits on the imagination required by the player in a text/ascii format.I'm really enjoying it, it's chill.  Only thing for me is the humor is odd - if they went full fantasy world it make it more engaging for me."
76561198276731271,Recommended,328760,33565171,Posted: 15 July,all,Ennonn,"Hecka good game, gives off old roguelike feels. If you've ever played A.D.O.M. or anything similar then I think you'd have a fun time with this."
,Recommended,328760,31961096,Posted: 25 May,all,Huskiel,"I grew up playing text-based games like this when the Commodore 64 was ""all the rage"" and what not, like the old person I am, so this game really clicks with me.The combat is challenging if you don't know the rules (which is quite well done, gotta say), though if you feel like spending hours over-leveling like me then you can feel free to swat skeletons around all you please. Even so, there are many battles where just being over-leveled isn't going to help you and you really need to slow down and focus. I love that the battling isn't all mindless tapping after a certain point; there's always that one enemy that can really kick your groin in.The ASCII art is impeccably done and silly, the dialogue and general text is silly, there's potatoes, there's sacrifices, there's POTATO SACRIFICES. What else do you want?"
76561198004736776,Recommended,328760,32012166,Posted: 27 May,all,Swigmonkey,"Picked up this game around the holidays on the sale and I must say it is rather enjoyable.  I do not dig 8 bit games that are out, and this was a perfect fit for someone like myself that could just smash away and play a game.  I enjoy that I don't need anything other than a keyboard.I enjoy the mud aspect of it and the old school feel of the game as well."
,Recommended,328760,32904162,Posted: 27 June,all,Vegan Guy,this game is pretty sweet
,Recommended,328760,28699192,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Swag Lord,"This game became a business simulator when I was level 13 and my already overwhelmed with everything you can do rear-end was like what the heck.Buy this if its on sale, its pretty radical."
,Recommended,328760,29216349,Posted: 12 January,all,thegr33k,"I don't typically hop on the retro train and praise a game for the sake of being retro. Like I thought Undertale was utter garbage...but I'm really enjoying this game. Sometimes I like to play a game that doesn't require my full attention. Maybe I'm watching a movie, or doing some work, or just internetting in general, and I click back to this game and make some progress. Enough depth to keep things fresh, and every time I die (on classic) I know I could have handled things differently. Pretty neat battle system, worth learning to develop a strategy because as soon as you get cocky and think you can 1-2-3-4 your way through the game bam u ded. Great soundtrack, funny dialogue. Pick this game up, it's worth your time."
,Recommended,328760,29305615,Posted: 16 January,all,BandW2011,"SanctuaryRPG is probably one of the best RPG's I've played, and this is in large part due to it's simplicity. It has complex combat mechanics like Dwarf Fortress, quality battle music of any 90's era RPG, the humor of The Hitchhiker's Guide, and the feeling of nostalgia for older games that very few ""8-bit RPG roguelike mashups"" can accomplish.If I had two complaints for this game, they'd be as follows: I wish the game was available on Linux. I program enough to know that this game is written in C++, and from what I can tell, uses libraries that are available on Linux. It may not be as easy as ""press button to Linux"", but it'd be nice for the few fans who don't often use Windows.My other complaint is that I wish I knew about this game sooner; this game would have made my childhood.10/10"
,Recommended,328760,31099728,Posted: 12 April,all,Ron Cheedle,A rogue-like with so much genuine charm you'll wish you could buy it twice.
76561198120894533,Recommended,328760,31194646,Posted: 17 April,all,BadpunK,"SanctuaryRPG is an old school, menu driven, turn based RPG.  With it’s ASCII graphics and chiptune soundtrack this game feels like it was released sometime between Zork and Ultima. While the simple look and chiptune soundtrack may make players think that there’s not much to this title, that couldn’t be further from the truth. The sheer number of story quests, side missions, and loot, combined with a vast variety of character possibilities there is a lot of complexity hidden beneath the simple design.I would recommend that you definitely buy this game (in a sale). The sound is great. The writing is funny and well done. The graphics are amazing considering it’s all done in text. The gameplay is on par with any turn based RPG and even some smaller scale action RPGs. And there’s tons of replay value. On all counts it’s a phenomenal game and deserves your time. Black Shell Games really did an amazing job."
,Recommended,328760,29130686,Posted: 8 January,all,poopscoot,Easy to learn and only some things are kinda hard to learn until about two battles in when you realize what was wrong was that your genitals were exposed and the enemy was swinging a sword at them.10/10 would get my genitals punched again
,Recommended,328760,31179330,Posted: 16 April,all,ErrolFuckingFlynn,Ever played a text-based CRPG with an amazing combat system before?
,Recommended,328760,31161797,Posted: 15 April,all,duckwaltz,"This game really harkens back to some of the classics, but feels modern and fast-paced by comparison. If you ever played Zork or any sort of MUD back in the day then I would say this game is right for you."
76561198011584164,Recommended,328760,30230404,Posted: 27 February,all,BUBUBUBUBBERDUCKYBUBBERDUCKYBUBB,"SanctuaryRPG caught me completely by surprise. I love older RPG's such as Nethack, Wizardry and the like and I was expecting something akin to that. What I got was a bit different, and I'm glad I took the plunge. It is more akin in some ways to games like Oregon Trail. Acting as a sort of roguelike adventure, you create a character and are given their generated backstory. Then you hop into the world proper exploring areas, fighting monsters, and trying to improve your character enough to take on the next major challenge. There are fun mini games as part of the game mechanics such as the crafting system where you need to balance the quality, durability, and ""heat"" of an item as you craft them. The combat itself acts in a similar resource management fashion, having the player link skills together into combos while constantly repositioning themselves in the battle to distance themselves from heavy handed enemy ""charge"" attacks and make sure they are properly managing their HP and MP for when enemies do big damage.Another thing I really like is the sense of humor. I have not put a lot of time into the game yet but already there have been lots of fun little jokes that don't take away from the overall experience and really give the game personality. The aesthetics are great (I love that there is a character creation system in a game comprised entirely of ASCII) and the music is bloody fantastic with sounds that span several eras of gaming while remaining modern and appropriate to the source material.These guys have crafted something really special. For the price I feel like I have already gotten my moneys worth only after about an hour of playing, and it is clear that there is far more depth to be found than that."
,Recommended,328760,31349902,Posted: 24 April,all,Commander Kishy,"This is one of my favorite games for plenty of reasons. In short, the dialog is entertaining, music is amazing, combat is repetative but in a fun and replayable way. If you are a moba player you espeically understand what I mean by that.In long.+CombatFace value you have limited options, which isn't neccessarily a bad thing, but if you take the time to read up on the items and the types of enemies you encounter you can easily expand upon the play near limitlessly. Also if you are spam pressing away at 123412341234 ult then you would see that there are times that you gain special leverage over enemies. Usually a grapple or the description would read a very blunt tell of what they way do next. Which has saved my character from the meat grinder at least once every play of it.+MusicThis is a personal taste but really the music is fitting to the point where you won't want to turn it down to youtube a playlist while you play. Obviously depending on how long your sitting is for this would change as even the most blessed works get tuned out.+VisualThere are plenty of ways to paint a games graphics. With the ASCII text being the shapes that detail the picture it is able to really tell more about the scene than it should. Its funy how I am more immersed and pleased with these than most realistic looking games. I feel as though the visual design for this game draws me closer to it than if it were just pictures like visual novels or even an animated out sprite battle.This review, like most is based upon my experience and personal feelings about the game. It is possible that views change from person to person but I heavily reccomend trying this title out."
,Recommended,328760,31870136,Posted: 20 May,all,Clashofbutt,"My favourite and only 1,2,3,3 simulator."
,Recommended,328760,31889606,Posted: 21 May,all,coolsonico11,"I hate it.And i love it <3Must have.En español: El estilo visual es lo que más llama la atención en primer instancia y hasta te hace pensar que es uno de esos jeugos indies que alos 30 minutos te cansan y si, esta no es la excepción, te cansa la vista por estar 2 p*tas horas pegado a la pantalla.Lo recomiendo sin o con descuento, vale absolutamente la pena <3Aunque si no dominas para nada el ingles... practicamente estas jodido ya que un parche en español se ve para más tardar 8 meses o incluso nunca, ¿algun capa sin heroe que haga una traducción?."
76561198093339373,Recommended,328760,31867126,Posted: 20 May,all,DR.DOOM,have to say i thought i might not like it but..............I started it playing for a hour and i just fell in love with it5/5..............MUST HAVE !!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198340748406,Recommended,328760,31907000,Posted: 22 May,all,Boniface,"A bargain on sale, worth the full price. Great writing!If this is your first text-based-game, jump in mate. The way this is written might remind you of the jokes which you and your best buddy make all the time at that terrible office job #WhichYouHate.""...it's really pleasing to see a game (such as SancturaryRPG Black Edition of course!) as originally written for it's time while being such a lolloping heckle from the past.""-Boniface, 5 star reviewExplosive and hilarioius. This game has the humour of One Punch Man and game play like One Piece the anime. It make a me ROFL for 16 hours.The game mechanics are well made, it feels like there are advanced options if you want to be aware of (and take advantage of) them - but you can also just totally smash everything, craft sweet items, ignore the equally funny character perks, and merily hack and slash until you die. Which you must. You, must die.Die, read the redicuous intro to your new life and enjoy the Classic mode of rougue like games. And then I kept reviewing....In the early 2000's, I used to play WOTMUD; a text based game inspired by the 'Wheel of Time' series by Robert Jordan. Yes I PlAyeD it for many a year in all it's complexities, for it's amazing descriptions of each room you entered, and for its' breathtakingly large, namely community made, map.Earlier than this was the early 90's when I played dungeon based text games, which are really terrifying to a five year old on the cusp of literacy, and far too linear to generate child lolz. In the general evolution of games and what can be called pleasurable, it's really pleasing to see a game (such as SancturaryRPG Black Edition of course!) as originally written for it's time while being such a lolloping heckle from the past."
76561198083719515,Recommended,328760,31897992,Posted: 22 May,all,theokoles333,I really liked this game.  The art is different and cool.  The story is different and cool.  Took me awhile to figure out mechanics enough to beat the game.  Not a lot of replay value unless you want to master multiple classes.  Story gets repetitive as you keep retrying.  Still it is definitely worth five bucks or so.
,Recommended,328760,31403670,Posted: 27 April,all,Grandkane,"The quintessential roguelike experienceThis game is amazing.  Its a classical turn based rpg with simple mechanics that are easy to get into once you've stopped for a bit to read the game manual. The graphics are excelent, it actually makes you use your imagination wich is something not many games have managed to.Its hard.  Hard as hell. You actually have to grind  in order to make your build work and even with that some monsters will kill you and get all your progress down to the drain.Its exciting, its challenging, and the music is fantastic.10 / 10 would recommend"
,Recommended,328760,28173362,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,ass,"I got this game on sale for $0.87 CAD. If you get this on sale, you get way more than you payed for.I have at least 2 hours on it so far and I'm really enjoying this game. You get to form your character as you progress through the world and there are also classes that you pick at the beginning. Character customization is great but you don't really get to see your character that much unless you constantly check your Character Info. There are skills that you can enhance when you level up and there are also weapons and Items that you can improve.Really good if you want to waste time or just have some fun."
,Recommended,328760,33864746,Posted: 28 July,all,Aarolei,"Great timewaster of a game. I'm reviewing now since I've finished the game as a Huskian Barbarian.So let me just say straight out that the soundtrack to this game is overall one of the best I've heard. Especially one of the themes that plays for boss fights.Now there's a tutorial for this game if you want to turn it on when you start, but honestly I didn't really understand the mechanics of this game for a long time. Because of that issue, I wound up losing god knows how many characters to that problem. The time it takes to learn the mechanics of the game is a real drawback, and hope something can be done to better address the importance of mechanics like Repositioning. At least starting new characters gets really quick, and hardly takes much time to reach where you left off.Once you get a handle on the game's mechanics in battle and out, its pretty fun, and fast paced.So is the story pretty good too? Yes, its cool. Cool is the simplest descriptor I can give you. I enjoyed the odd blend of science and fantasy within the game's lore. The humor is just as strange and sometimes the jokes could make me bust out laughing, especially the beginning game's text describing the life your character has led before the start. I only wish the ending was a tad stronger, or there were more opportunities to learn more of the lore and history of the world you're living inside of.If you got the patience to stick through many rough beginnings, then you'll be rewarded with a great title that will have you telling yourself, ""Just one more fight!"" or ""That next armor will be the one I need!"""
,Recommended,328760,34365209,Posted: 19 August,all,Tomas Nau,"A nifty lil combo of roguelike, old style CRPG and... I guess REALLY old school textbased RPG with great music -- get the soundtrack dlcs, guys. Worth it even at normal price, nevermind the sale price of less than a buck for everything."
76561198048110710,Recommended,328760,32875592,Posted: 27 June,all,Remu,Pretty entertaining Roguelike
,Recommended,328760,35335998,Posted: 30 September,all,Mitsukuni,"I think this is the best game for a road trip.If you are an old school RPG lover, immediately get this game, you won't be disappointed."
