user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,329050,16751960,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,That Makuta ©,"Really a big fan of the series, but I'll try to keep this from influencing this review.DMC4:SE added three very enjoyable characters, costumes and Legendary Dark knight Mode (Legendary DKM mode is only new for console).Vergil:+Moves and skills from DMC3:SE and teleporting trick from DmC are mixed with this character along with moves unrelated.+Three weapons to choose from- Beowulf, Yamato, Force Edge.+Concentration gauge. Gauge raised by standing still in combat and making hits, losing gauge by missing and running around.+Teleporting is good for avoiding enemy attacks and is capable of cancelling most moves.+Summoned Sword and various summoned sword techniques in place of guns.Trish:+""Two"" weapons- Bare Knuckle and Sword of Sparda. (Bare Knuckle moves are used with ""Y"" and Sparda used with ""B"").+Sword of Sparda is good for crowd controlling enemies, spins around dragging enemies in.+Bare Knuckle combines lightning effect with powerful melee moves in combination with the Sword's crowd controlling.+Pandora can be used in Bow, Bazooka, and Laser Cannon mode in place of dual wielded guns. The cannon uses some DT.-Dual wielded guns are quite weak and cannot be upgraded to charge. However this is not a big issue since Trish is a melee oriented character.Lady:+A vastly different character than any brought into the series before. Completely focused around guns.+Three guns to choose from- ""Bazooka, Dual Pistols, Shotgun""+All of the guns fully charged are insanely powerful. Fully charged shotgun blasts will shred normal enemies and focus down bosses with ease.+Since Lady lacks melee weapons combos are focused with guns which she uses with the ""B"" button.+DT releases a huge grenade blast which gives many invincibility frames along with massive damage to enemies.-Melee is lacking since the only option is the Bazooka's Bayonete. A ""YYY"" and ""forward Y"" aerial attacks, ""YYY"" and ""forward Y"" ground attacks. Not much of an issue since you will not normally allow enemies to get close enough for melee to be required.All characters are strong in their on right however Lady seems to be superior to all new and old characters in terms of firepower and damage output. However Vergil maintains more versatility due to his ability to switch between three weapons.Costumes:+Each character gets ""EX"" costumes which switches their color palette to their oposite character. (Trish swaps with Lady, Vergil swaps Dante, etc.) Obtained in game as a reward.+Lady gets her old DMC3 costume and Trish gets her Gloria disguise. Obtained through DLC or preorder.+Characters start out with customization. (Nero gets a skin of his original design, Dante gets a sparda costume and sparda DT, Vergil gets corrupted Vergil.)+Vergil, Dante, and Nero get Super Costumes allowing them Infinite DT. Obtained through DLC or in game reward.-Corrupted Vergil costume does not transform him into Nelo Angulus like it does in DMC3:SE. This bothers a few people.Microtransaction DLC:Some people make a big deal of this without realizing what it actually is. All this DLC is, is a time saver. Everything outside the Lady/Trish costumes can be achieved quite easily in game. No need to buy any of it unless you want to save a little bit of time.Cutscenes:+Vergil, Lady/Trish get opening and ending cutscenes which give them reasons to be where they are. Both ending cutscenes both tease information and are welcomed to the game.-Vergil, and Lady/Trish do not get replacement cutscenes for story mode. Nero/Dante cutscenes do not even show which some have issues with. These issues do not bother me much, I'm in it more for the gameplay.Controls:This game has no mouse support, if you're a fan of the series and have played DMC3:SE and DMC4 on the PC then you'll know this ahead of time. I do not recommend this game to anyone who does not own a Controller. The only reason you should ever buy this game without a controller is if you wish to break every one of your fingers on the keyboard.Play this with a controller.Game optimization:-Missing a few of the optimization options that the original DMC4 had.-Motion blur and a strange screen effect are quite annoying and impact FPS and performance. Sadly there is no in game option to remove these effects as of the time this review is made. They must be disabled through hex editor, without them the game runs better and has better FPS.-Some are reporting black screens and being unable to open the game, devs are looking into this but no fix as of this review.-Performance seems to vary, the majority report that the game works fine while there is a minority who cannot seem to run the game very well. Check your specs before you purchase however the slightly worse optimization compared to the original may be at fault. Hopefully devs are looking into fixing optimization problems.-For some reason FPS is slightly lower than the original. I assume this is due to the poor optimization.Overall:If you enjoyed the other DMC games (1,3,original 4) then you will assuredly enjoy this game. There are those that believe $25 is too much for a ""re-release"" of a game that they may or may not already own. However the price is fine for the amount of content they have added. On average when compared to other games the addition of 3 characters and 2 new game modes will cost more than 25$ along with the cost of the original game. Optimization is hopefully an issue that developers will fix however as of this review they have not.I would have given this game a 10/10 however do to the optimization issues I will have to lower my score to 8/10. An extremely good game that will have to settle for a lower score until the optimization issues are cleared up."
,Recommended,329050,16667149,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Don't Ask,At least one game worked today at launch
,Recommended,329050,16652971,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Mitty,The time has come.And so have I.
,Recommended,329050,16656362,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Forget Tomorrow,+ Optimization+ Updated graphics+ An old favorite music+ Nostalgia+ Lady boobs- No new characters story video____________________________________Shall we dance? ;D9/10
76561197971923791,Recommended,329050,16710749,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Peppersnack,"For players who are new to the series:- If you think you might like the genre in general (3rd person hack 'n slash) just go for it! It doesn't get much more entertaining than this.- Sometimes a game goes over the top with trying to be cool and ends up being a horrid experience, but this game goes so far over the top, that it actually starts to work again! You'll just have to experience it to see what that means. This game is crazy! ;-)- Just make sure you have a controller... you'll be in trouble without one.For players who are familiar with the series and/or the original DMC4:- The graphics felt a bit more polished, as I have played this on X-Box 360 previously. The difference is not staggering however, I could just see the action in slightly greater detail. That's all.- The new characters have moves that feel familiar gameplay-wise, and in fact are to an extent copied from other DMC titles or combined from existing DMC4 moves (allthough visually most of them look like new stuff). Nevertheless special edition managed to make combat feel fresh and exciting again.- The amount of video with the new characters acting is nonexistent, which was perhaps the biggest disappointment for me. A short lived disappointment though, since I would already be mashing ""skip"" on the second playthrough, but that's just how I roll. This might be a deal breaker for some of you ladies and gents out there.- It was a good time to restart ""the grind"". Getting everything unlocked is no small task and I gladly welcome the challenge to do so again with the new characters in tow.Miscellaneous stuff:- There's something strangely crushing about having a fairly recently assembled high end computer, that runs the in-game benchmark with full settings at a steady 60fps without even so much as a hint of lag - Resulting in a frigging ""B""-rating (as in ""A"" and ""S"" would have been better). Dunno how the benchmark works, but I couldn't think of a way to tell the difference between the ratings B, A & S. Hunh...- I've got an (antique) Rumblepad controller and the game is having a tough time recognizing it. It doesn't recognize the D-pad at all for some reason. I had to use keyboard buttons to swap out Dante's styles. Also rotating the camera works when I push the control stick to upper right and lower left corners. In all fairness time to get a new controller!- Feels like Capcom fulfilled two primary purposes with this release:1) Give fans the playable characters that were most requested.2) Try out new combinations of combat mechanics and see how players respond... maybe, possibly, hopefully in preparation for the next title!Thanks for reading!"
,Recommended,329050,16679654,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,GalesLastBreath,SSS/10
,Recommended,329050,16658609,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,GuardianE,"The time for Stylish Action and the real DMC to make their triumphant return.  DMC4 features the deepest combat to ever grace gaming, and we're getting a revision with a huge number of incredible additions at a budget price.The game is ultimately a diamond in the rough.  It suffers from pacing and backtracking issues.  That said, you're getting a ridiculous amount of content:-Three completely new playable characters!: Lady, Trish, and Vergil-Auto Save functionality-New costumes for each character (Lady and Gloria costumes shown previously as DMC3 Lad and Gloria)-New color palette swaps for default costumes of each character-New cutscenes bookending the campaign for the new characters-Added effects and motion blur-New Achievements/Trading Cards-Vergil also comes with a Super Vergil costume (unlimited Devil Trigger and Concentration Gauge)If you like action games at all, you need to own this game."
,Recommended,329050,16683321,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Razermancer,Shia Labeouf doesn't motivate me like Vergil does.
,Recommended,329050,32385521,Posted: 13 June,all,TsundereVergil,"Let me just say that if you're a fan of the original DMC4, you'll probably like this game.The keyboard controls are really hard to get used to. You can tell that the game was not meant to be played with a mouse and keyboard by the huge xbox button icons that appear next to certain prompts, and by the fact that you MUST press A or use your mouse to activate certain events (such as selecting a submenu while visiting a divinity statue).The additional characters offer some enhanced replay viability.Vergil is stupidly broken, just as he was in DMC3:SE.Trish at times feels like a mixture of her incarnation in MvC3/UMvC3 and a Dante reskin.And last, but not least, Lady offers a mix up to the whole gun and sword trope, in that Kalina-Ann acts as her meele weapon; which is at least sort of cute."
76561198054733620,Recommended,329050,19108676,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Jammy Boi,"When I got the original Devil May Cry 4....damn it was fun...The minute i got this...my whole perspective changed...Devil May Cry 4 Special Edition is a Hack and slash adventure game with a beautiful story and amazing Soundtrack(although DmC Devil May Cry's soundtrack was in a league of its own :3)The combat in this game is more fluid and precise at 1080p 60fps than it was in the original game although the original had its own perks as wellThe Changes they have made from OG DMC4 to DMC4SE are as shown:-Graphics are more powerful and look better at 1080p 60fps-Includes 5 playable Characters now such as: Nero, Dante, Vergil, Trish and Lady all playable in the special edition of DMC4   while the original game only had 2:Nero and Dante.-More gameplay and story as each individual character has their own part to play in this game-3 costumes for each character, Their Default, Their Special edition outfits(Eg.Prototype Nero,Corrupt Vergil etc.), And Their EX outfits(only attainable after defeating a certain amount of enemies during credits)The game is quite long with about 20 hours of gameplay for all characters, that is if you play on the default difficulty...There are all together 7 difficulties all with different set ups and enemies to fightHuman-Easy difficultyDevil Hunter-Normal difficultySon Of Sparda-Hard DifficultyDante Must Die-Very Hard difficultyLegendary Dark Knight-Insane DifficultyHeaven and Hell-U crazy m8? difficultyHell and Hell-gg.com/uaregondiem8..So as you can see there is pretty much to this game if you plan to 100% complete it..my advice:Take your time and practice, it's all worth it when you get good eventually :)I do not want to spoil the story so i won't talk about it in this reviewRating: If you have a powerful computer then it's hands down a solid 9/10..why not 10/10 you ask?..well that's simple, The DLC is overpriced....but..there is a way around it *Cough Cough*If you do not have a powerful computer i suggest you turn the resolution down and change the graphics to low but even so the game is still enjoyable at a solid 8/10.If you do however want to get the game, here are the system requirements :)Minimum:OS: Windows 7, Windows 8.1.Processor: Intel(R) Core(TM) 2 Duo 2.4GHz, AMD Athlon(TM) X2 2.8 GHz.Memory: 2 GB RAM.Graphics: NVIDIA(R) GeForce(R) 8800 GTS, AMD Radeon(TM) HD 3850 with 512MB RAM or better.DirectX: Version 10.Hard Drive: 27 GB available space.Sound Card: DirectSound Support (DirectX® 9.0c)So there you go if you are able to play it I sincerely hope you enjoy the experience :)Final Verdict 9/10 Fantastic game"
,Recommended,329050,16914138,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Nox DObber,Vergil is playable.Thats all you need to know.
,Recommended,329050,16653805,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Grayflox,CAPCOM HAS BEEN THE ONE TO FILL MY DARK SOUL WITH LIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIGHT
,Recommended,329050,16717081,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Áile,"With the Special Edition, not only can you play as 2 sexy guys, now, you can play as ANOTHER sexy guy AND 2 hot girls.Not much new cutscenes for the additional characters though."
,Recommended,329050,16655119,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Razormind,Vergil is back. Anything else?
76561197993666957,Recommended,329050,16654860,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,DenimGiant,Hopefully this sells enough to motivate Capcom.10/10 would get too cocky again.
,Recommended,329050,16671201,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Soulzterz,"Vergil is back, meaning we can kill all these filthy gajins with GLORIOUS NIPPON STEEL"
,Recommended,329050,34299128,Posted: 16 August,all,Noire ❤Black Heart❤,"Well, I'll talk about the game now.Since I did not play the other version I will not compare them. This game itself is a wonderful Hack and Slash has a soundtrack that is really great and the list of combos is quite varied.The characters are amazing in their full differential fighting styles that each one has, it's a lot of fun to play with each of them and explore their full potential in combos.The story is really good and not so nauseating because I completed it many times without getting tired.Well the game is really great and I recommend it to anyone who wants to buy.Here's a theory ''mine'' below. Be careful that it might contain some kind of spoiler.Well, I have a theory that Nero is Vergil's son by noticing the way Dante looks at him. I think Nero might be the son of a girl human and Vergil. ''But putting that aside, it's just my head''."
76561198045717967,Recommended,329050,16652835,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,TheWhiteGandalf,"The time has come, and so have II'll laugh last cause you came to dieThe damage done, the pain subsidesAnd I can see the fear clear when I look in your eye.I never kneel and I'll never restYou can tear the heart from my chestI'll make you see what I do best,I'll succeed as you breathe your very last breath.Now I know how the angel fell [just kneel]I know the tale and I know it too well [just bow]I'll make you wish you had a soul to sell [soul to sell]When I strike you down and send you straight to hellMy army comes from deep withinBeneath my soul--beneath my skinAs you're ending, I'm about to beginMy strength~His bane~and I will never give in.I'll tell you now I'm the one to surviveYou never break my faith or my strideI'll have you choke on your own demiseI make the angel scream, and the devil cryThey will see. We'll fight until eternityCome with me We'll stand and fight togetherThrough our strength we'll make a better dayTomorrow we shall never surrender."
,Recommended,329050,24503965,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,SameulS,"So when i first played DMC 4 in 2008 i finished the game 100% and before DMC4 I played all other DMC games and it became my No.1 game series. But lets talk about DMC4:SE. I love it but just like DMC 4 it is a bit unfinished. And im not talking about characters but rather about story.I woul love to see DMC 5 (if CAPCOM finaly makes it). But comparing DMC4 and DMC4:SE...well you have 5 playable characters now insted of just 2 (Dante/Nero) you now have the oportunity to play as Vergil, Lady/Trish and of course Dante/Nero. You have 3 campains for each charcter but they are all ONE and THE SAME.So iy you are looking for story based game with diferent campains for each individual character...well then go play something else like...ergh. But if you want a game that has (probably) the best combat system in Hack And Slash genre then dont hasitate and buy this game.There are NO quick time events just the player and his pure skill. This aynt God of War or something. Just be redy to complete 20 exact same misions on 7 dificulties with 5 diferent characters in order to unlock everything (artwork, costumes, etc.). Oh and if you want to have Lady/Trish alter. costumes you will hawe to buy a DLC.But at the end of the day this game is amazing. Its hard to play and imposible to master. So if you are loking to try something new i suggest picking up this game ant trying it out. If you dont like it you can always get a refund."
76561198064065241,Recommended,329050,16679605,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Jow-El,Dante and Vergil are back!Devil May Cry is back!!!Vergil's gameplay is insanely amazing! Dante and Nero's somehow seems to have been improved.If you are a fan of the real DMC series: GO BUY IT!Waiting for Capcom to bring us DMC 5 asap.
,Recommended,329050,17650982,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Starstrike,"There are games that make you feel cool. There are games that make you feel BadAce. Then there's this game. This game will make you feel SO cool, your BadAce shades will shatter. You will love playing as the three new characters in the game.Vergil, Lady and Trish are amazing additions to the game. Each with their own style and combo sets. Of course, Nero and Dante are also in the game and they still feel just as awesome as they did in the original DMC 4. It feels amazing to pull off a huge combo and seeing that ""SMOKIN' SICK STYLE"" in the corner.As far as graphics go, It's DMC 4 with a small upgrade. Nothing too special about it but it's still a good looking game. I run this game at a consistant 60 FPS and every move looks smooth and fast. Especially when playing as Vergil. Overall, the game shouldn't be too much for computers to handle. Even then, there are some graphics tweaks you can do to increase performance.In the end, this game is amazing. It's Devil May Cry. The style, the amount of cool, the satisfaction is intense. Buy this game if you like hack 'n slash games. Don't hesitate."
,Recommended,329050,19426182,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Yono,"So basically the story of this game is Kamiya and team was about halfway done with the game Capcom forced them to rush the development, which is the reason behind why Dante has to replay through Nero's levels and the unsatisfying ending. (why they didn't force the reboot through the same development hell is beyond me).Don't despair over what could've been though, because in this game lies the absolute best and deepest combat system of any single player action game to date, combat so deep that 7 years after the original game's release people were STILL making combo MADs showcasing off the ridiculous impossible looking♥♥♥♥♥♥they honed through thousands of hours of practice. This game is a must buy just for that reason.Special Edition enhances the game with gorgeous updated graphics and the addition of 3 new characters to the game's 2 already. Trish and Lady are easy to play and get high rankings with for more casual players, and Vergil is a deep character with hardcore challenge that will probably add even more years of life to this game alone. Also, it's wonderfully optimized, my toaster can run it on minimum settings. If this game is on sale, you love action games, and you're reading this right now, don't hesitate, buy it right now."
,Recommended,329050,32855275,Posted: 27 June,all,klaWN //autismo.win,"Best Hack 'n Slash Action RPG ever, Dante still as bad♥♥♥♥♥as i remember him!"
,Recommended,329050,25382614,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,The Dandy,"Vergil: ""so hey, listen, I heard you enjoyed vergil's downfall, and that's great and all but- *points sword at me* ""stop it.""Me: ""I don't wanna!! you're not in any other games these days!! i can't keep playing you in dmc3 because compared to DmC vergil you're super-nerfed.""Vergil: ""OKay,so...what?you want me to show up in another fighting game or something?""Me:""DAMMIT VERGIL YOU JUST DON'T UNDERSTAND!!! I WANT YOU TO BE IN THE NEXT DEVIL MAY CRY GAME!!! WHAT GOOD ARE YOU AS A FIGHTING GAME CHARACTER?!?! I NEED MORE POWER, NOT MORE POINTS!!""Vergil:""goddammit dan you KNOW capcom doesn't care!!! what do you think I can do? suddenly be playable in devil may cry 4? pff! right, get real.""Me:""Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥that's a great idea!!""Vergil:""you...you think so?""Me: ""Yeah!! maybe if you talked to capcom an- vergil? hey vergil where you going?!""LATER THAT DAYVergil: *while pointing a sword at capcom exec* ""Put me in four.""Capcom exec: ""Why?""Vergil:"" Because if you don't, this sword goes up your♥♥♥♥♥""Capcom exec:""So....basically you just want to be included in the game?""Vergil:""Also, I want DmC vergil's power, i heard he can cancel out of every move, make me stronger than him, give the reboot the middle finger.""Capcom exec:""But some people liked the reboo-"" *Flinches as sword rushes for his throat and stops inches from his jugular*Vergil:""When i say give the reboot the middle finger. I mean it.""Capcom exec: ""So...special edition?""Vergil:""Special edition.""10/10"
76561198003206390,Recommended,329050,16979486,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,/\ Rock /\,"Just more of the same game (nearly perfect deep combat system, good Port etc)Vergil is totally broken and  I love itMicrotransactions not necessary,all content is free,super version of the character can unlocked by playing on ""dante must die"" mode"
,Recommended,329050,24112767,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Leviathon,The time has comeAnd so have I
,Recommended,329050,16691170,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Ramirez,"Devil May Cry 4 was the first game I owned for my Xbox 360 when I bought it, and I have to say, I love Devil May Cry 4 Special Edition. While it doesn't change too terribly much from the original the added characters Lady, Trish, and Vergil, are an amazing edition to the game. Since the new characters are really the big selling point for the Special Edition I'll just go through my experience with them when I played them.I started my playthrough of this game as Lady and Trish, and while Lady seems like a kind of lousy character at first once you get her upgrades for charged attacks she becomes a force to be reckoned with and does the most damage out of all the characters in the game being able to do huge screen clearing attacks with her rocket launcher and being able to tear apart shieled enemies with her shotgun.Once I got to the point where I played as Trish I wondered how she would play since I didn't really watch promotional material because I like the surprised, and good god, while Lady is the Ranged combat god, Trish is an utter beast at close ranged combat being able to throw the Sword of Sparda just like Dante and Vergil (more on him later) and it homes in on enemies with deadly accuracy, and it is a much easier command than Dante and Vergil. Overall I would say Trish is my second favorite of the new characters behind Lady.Third is Vergil whom I will admit I don't have a lot of playtime with, mostly because I was busy with the other two stories. His combat is quite diffrent from Lady and Trish's due to the fact that instead of focusing on sheer power like them, he focuses on his concentration bar which you raise by connecting hits but it lowers by an insane degree from missing, running, and getting hit (of course). He's got a small array of weapons too, Force Edge, Yamato, and Gigimesh, and summoninbg swords. I do have to admit the ability to use summoned swords at just about any time adds a huge amount of variety to your combos. Overall though I am personally not a huge fan of Vergil but it might just be my lack of use of him, I am sure once I get used to his quirks I might like him better.Pros: - Three new characters to use.-Performs very well on my PC (constant 120 FPS at max settings)-New Difficulty setting to test your skill on.-Game looks much better than the original.-New costumes for every character. Love Vergil's, Trish's Gloria outfit, and Lady's Costumes.-Increased drop rate for souls so you can get your moves faster.-Awesome Soundtrack (although it didn't change from the original)Cons: -No cutscenes for new characters besides intro and ending (understandable though).-Very repeative after beating the game as one set of characters.Also I wouldn't reccomend any of the DLC besides the Gloria and DMC3 Lady outfits since everything they are selling can be unlocked in game. So unless you just want a shortcut don't bother."
,Recommended,329050,22639014,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,N'tertain HD,"BEST DAMN PORT/HD REMAKE I'VE PLAYED!!!my honest opinion is 9-10 out of 10 on every aspect. even as a port, glitches (which are zero).though I highly reccomend a controller. default keyboard cotnrols are the worst and I never changed them.JUST DON'T BUY DLC AS IT'S INSTANT UNLOCKS INSTEAD OF EXPANSIONS!"
,Recommended,329050,23640824,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Edgardo,"analysis on Devil May Cry® 4 Special EditionCapcom’s year of upscaling its formidable back catalogue continues apace, this time with Devil May Cry 4: Special Edition.It was originally released in 2008, and was the last of the so-called “white haired” Devil May Cry games before British developer Ninja Theory’s 2013 reboot. DmC received a mixed reaction at the time – somewhat harshly, in our view.Fans of the franchise will be glad to hear that, as with Capcom’s current-gen revisits to various Resident Evil games of yore, it breathes new life into a game that's as reassuringly familiar as a comfy jumper or a family pet.Apart from the much higher-resolution visuals, the chief attraction of the remastered Special Edition is the addition of a plethora of new characters. These include Trish and Lady, who had cameos in the original game, and Vergil, Dante’s twin brother who also featured in Devil May Cry and the rebooted DmC. You can play as each, slightly disappointingly, through the original collection of missions – although they do all feature different beginning and ending cut-scenes for each campaign.Their differing play-styles add new depth and subtley to what would otherwise be uncomfortably repetitive proceedings. As does the cleverly conceived upgrade system that brings the in-game currency you earned playing as one character to all the others.You also get the fearsome Legendary Dark Knight game mode – pitting the hardcore against a veritable maelstrom of demons – and switchable costumes for each character, which gratifyingly persist into the cut-scenes.For the uninitiated, Devil May Cry is an agreeably typical Japanese action-adventure, which concentrates primarily on spectacular fighting with swords, guns and, in the case of Nero, an extending demon arm. It throws in a hint of platforming, some rather variable puzzle-solving, and a few of the most ridiculous, overblown and satisfying boss-battles you'll ever encounter.As is often the case with games of its ilk, it also sports some of the most risible dialogue imaginable – even Terry-Thomas would have baulked at voicing the sentences uttered by the cartoonish baddies.Visually it’s pure Gothic, with a mainly incomprehensible plot that revolves around angels and demons. In other words, its aim is to entertain at the highest level, rather than carve out a historical niche as a piece of serious art.And entertain it most emphatically does. In the original game you start off as Nero, whose demon arm can grab and pummel enemies, and who also has a gun and a sword, which can powered up in various ways.Devil May Cry 4: Special Edition rewards you handsomely for stringing together stylish combos of different moves, and you can cash in those rewards for increasingly arcane new moves. The points you earn for upgrading each character are carried over, so if you're trying out a new character, you can instantly upgrade them considerably.This is an exciting prospect for big fans of the franchise and novices alike, and although it takes a while to get to grips with upgrading, you'll soon discover how important it is in the general context of the gameOne feature of the original was its extensive and imaginative re-use of assets: you essentially play a campaign as Nero, followed by the reverse as Dante. It ought to be a major issue when you’re invited to play through the same campaign-of-two-halves with two different characters. Luckily, the variation in the style of play adds freshness to proceedings.Nero is a good all-rounder, whose demon-arm “grips” are particularly handy. Dante is slower and more powerful, with better guns and a selection of swords. Trish and Lady are agile, gymnastic and more sword-centric. And Vergil benefits from an interesting Concentration mechanic that, if mastered, can lead to some really spectacular demon-demolishing. You do end up slightly jaded going over the same levels repeatedly, though.The upscaled graphics help, though. We always thought that the original’s graphical ambitions outweighed the capabilities of previous-generation consoles. This proves to be true: the hike in resolution renders several busy sequences – previously incomprehensible – more clearly. And we never experienced any issues with frame rates.VerdictDevil May Cry 4: Special Edition is something of a guilty pleasure – it’s an archetypal mix of the sublime and ridiculous. It’s great fun and offers plenty for those who played the original. And if you’ve never played a Devil May Cry game before? You, too, will find its considerable charms difficult to resist."
76561198052871457,Recommended,329050,27721677,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,PirateMacDougall,100% the best combat system of any spectacle fighter released since 2008.The whole genre really hasn't made a single better game for 8 years which both shows how almost perfect this game is and also kinda shows how depressingly few good spectacle fighters there are these days.Pros:-Combat system is a solid 10/10-Music is good if you're into that genre of music-5 completely different playable charactersCons:-Story is a bit♥♥♥♥♥♥-Characters are a bit angsty (not quite as bad as MGR:R or DMC:DmC though)-Game is like only 60% finished (Apparently Dante's part of the game was supposed to take place in hell and it would've followed on from DMC2. It makes me sad for what this game could've been if it was finished. Instead of all that you spend Dante's half of the game backtracking - cri evertim)
,Recommended,329050,17019212,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Heehahou!,"I've played DMC3 and DMC4 enough to say that this is an almost perfect game in the gameplay aspect even if it has backtracking and some tedious parts.Gameplay is refined and Vergil's skill ceiling is insane, Trish is hilarious and Lady is a pleasure to master.So, I recommend it.However, optimization is terrible this time around, and I hope they patch it, it's Capcom so I don't expect them to do anything competent other than porting the game itself, but I have a little hope, I get some freezes every time I do a first summoned sword on a map and multiple stingers when I play on full 720p.A Radeon R7 260x should be enough, so there is no excuse, after the game sells enough on consoles, patch this thing."
,Recommended,329050,17120347,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Sanctius,"--------------Capcoms gameplan----------Loose fans with Devil may Cry: devil may cry casual hipster reboot-Tease people with the promise of Vergil, Trish, Lady and a finished game-Troll everyone by making no new levels and only 4 new cutscenes which add nothing to the story-Use depth of vaseline and motion blur forcing people to use hex editor to fix their framerate-Someone says it will help get DMC5 out-After all the pre-orders Capcom replies it won't---------------Costumes--------------------Dante's Sparda again-Nero has his protoype from the art book (arguably the only good/new one)-Vergil's is corrupted Vergil again-Lady's is the same as her in DMC3-Trish's is so lazy it was already in the game and as a mod-Going to mod anyways---------------EX colors--------------------Dante is Tameem may cry dino-Nero is Vergil-Vergil is Dante / Vante from DMC3-Trish is Lady-Lady is Trish--------------New Characters-------------Vergil plays like DMC vergil on crack and breaks the game with a screenclear move and damage output so high in distortion with full concentration he outdamages real impact distortion Dante-Lady plays like a mix between Dante on gunslinger and Nero's charge shots with some slow melee and her max charge rocket is a boss killer as well as her ""DT meter attack""-Trish plays like Dante if Dante couldnt switch weapons, styles or charge his guns, was focused around AOE damage and had a improved round trip but her last pandora attack is cool-------------Other stuff-------------------made Vergils darkslayer less op without trick down and having to use rifle wielding fedora wearing vergils stick summoned sword in enemy thing. but made him able to teleport to the same thing over and over again creating a endless loop of invincibility frames that slow the enemy down-can smack the flying swords around so they hit other things-something else I probably havent figured outTL;DR-Beat the same game 3 times over (more if you count backtracking)-Play bloody palace and get annoyed all over again at blitz, fish, plant enhanced lizardmen and 500 holy knight spawns-Play super versions to break the game all over again-If you liked DMC4 and havent played for awhile you would like this-If you really like DMC4 and play it all the time you would probably like thisMight can troll everything/10"
,Recommended,329050,30492663,Posted: 13 March,all,Elf,"There's Nero, with an attitude like Dante but bad tempered like Vergil.There's Dante. 'nuff said.There's Vergil with his cool attitude and a bossy demeanor.And then there's Lady and Trish; the epitome of jiggle physics. It's as if they're liquid and the programmers have never touched a pair ever.Not that I'm complaining."
,Recommended,329050,16689944,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Hateful Cat,This party's gettin' crazy
76561197985085774,Recommended,329050,16658231,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,réV,"Fantastic Game, everyone who was afraid of a potentially bad port  - rest assured! The game performance is great, no issues here. For references:PC specs:-----------Intel i5 3570kGeforce 67016 GB RamSettings:----------Resolution: 1920x1080Every graphic setting on maxLowest frame rate on performance test i had was 140 FPS. The game runs great, there's not even tearing appearing for me even though i don't have VSync enable, great stuff!What else to say:Gameplay definitely got an upgrade, feels a lot smoother (for example load up time to start sprinting was lowered). Every character has his own moveset which takes quite some time to get together. Mainly played Vergil so far and the amount of potential combos is huge.Characters don't seem to have much of an own story line and hardly any customized videos so far. But only played a few missions so far, maybe there's more than expected. You start with a full weapon set on the new characters, thus you don't need to play the ""main"" game first to dive fully into the new contentVisual presentation is great, nice light and shadow effects. High res textures, not much to say and nothing to complain here.Voice over seems solid, no complains about not fitting voices or anything.Result: Everyone who loved DMC4 and who feels like, he wants to go the extra mile and get everything in terms of archivements can definitely grab this game and won't be disappointed. But especially for Hack'n Slay fans who didn't own DMC4 yet: 25 bucks for a massive game like this is nothing. If you love slashing monsters, you love over the top action and coolness, grab this game. If you guys are not sure, just check out some streams on Twitch.tv to get a better idea of the game.Edit:Please be aware, that mouse and keyboard support is not really given. If you don't have a gamepad, better not go for this game.Other than that your previous DMC4 save files will not be recognized! You have to start over completely, keep that in mindEdit2:People seem to have significantly worse performance compared to the standard version, sometimes dropping from 300 FPS in the old version to around 120FPS. Didn't really compare it to the old version but it seems to be a lot more demanding because of the post-processing and blur effects, especially for older hard ware. If you have high resolutions (4k etc.) and monitors with high refresh rates, you might want to check if you hardware can handle the necessary load to prevent tearing or other hard frame drops."
,Recommended,329050,16671028,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,DarkHarmonixer,https://gyazo.com/38f6ad8515592cde2ccffe6ec6d6439f
,Recommended,329050,21405313,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Moonshots,This game has come and so have I...
,Recommended,329050,34038209,Posted: 5 August,all,theadods,"If you like the original, you'll gonna love this one. Playing as new characters kinda hard at the beginning but once you get the hang of it, it become so much fun.Don't expect a complete new story from Vergil playthrough, it's just playing the same level as different character, though it's kinda confirming one of my theory about Nero, it's nothing big. If you don't like repetitive gameplay, may be this game is not for you.Vergil is OP once you learn his combo, playing on lower difficulity to get S Rank on all stages is actually harder because the enemy die so fast. Lady is also quite powerful, has kinda weak melee weapon but her guns is extremely powerful when fully charged. On the other hand, Trish is kinda disappointing, somehow her attack feel weak, even though it looks powerful and flashy, and not much for great combo, i keep using the same combo because it feels that combo is the powerful one.But overall, if you have fun playing the original, you're going to have more fun playing this game."
,Recommended,329050,31546318,Posted: 4 May,all,Lazy Titan,The time has come and so have I. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,329050,25516525,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Velcrosasquatch™,Featuring Vergil From the Devil May Cry™ Series
76561198049480029,Recommended,329050,16822005,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Mikhail Kutzow,"I could write a big long, in-depth review. Or I could just say this: This is the definitive Devil May Cry when it comes to gameplay. 1 and 3 outclass it in level, enemy, and boss design, but the raw gameplay of this iteration outclasses any other. This applied to the original version, and it's even more true now. With 5 playable characters and all the returning characters appearing with their greatest movesets yet, this game is an absolute blast to play. Oh, and it's only 25 dollars. For the amount of content that you're getting, that's an absolute steal. If you're a fan of series and have played the regular version of 4, I still say this game is worth it to play as the definitive versions of Vergil, Lady, and Trish. And if you're newer to the series, this is a solid place to start.TL;DR: Play this game. Now.P.S. A little note on microtransactions: Aside from the the ""super"" costumes (which I do feel are a bit too OP for microtransaction stuff), I don't think any of it's really that bad, as it really just saves you time. This is a very skill-focused game, so money can only get you so far. I only see it as being good if you're a series vet and want to rush right into high difficulties, and want to purchase the in-game resources to make that plausable."
,Recommended,329050,16664897,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Mugetsu,"I, long Devil May Cry 3 fan and Vergil lover, never found it so amusing to play as Vergil. This, is better than DMC3 in so many ways.Buy it, play it. So ♥♥♥♥ing worth it!Capcom, finally, something wise."
76561198016640612,Recommended,329050,20989387,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Solid Snake,"Devil May Cry is one of my favorite game series of all time.  When I heard about DMC4 Special Edition, I felt the hype.  For me personally, Vergil was my favorite character back in DMC 3, I was better with him then I was with Dante.  So How does this version hold up? Does it surpass the ever infamous DMC 3 Special Edition?NoNo it does notBut that doesn't mean that this game is bad, quite from it, DMC 4 Special Edition was that extra little polish the DMC 4 needed to make it a great game.  It has costumes, a feature that was lacking in the original version of DMC 4, new characters. Vergil, Trish, and Lady.  Each character has unique gameplay that really adds to the replayability of DMC 4. Before delving into the characters and the story, first the port.In my personal experiance of the 32 hours I have put into this game, I have not crashed once, no weird graphic bugs, nothing, and it runs smooth as butter. Though there are people reporting that they are having issues, I run a GTX 960 and have no problems. Other then that, it's a great port. At least for me.The three new characters as said before is Vergil, Trish, and Lady.Vergil is an absolute speed demon on 20 different kinds of drugs, all of his attacks can be followed up with an immediate teleport.  This reincarnation of Vergil is much MUCH more powerful then the DMC 3 Counterpart, that being said, I do have an issue with Vergil (Personal issue, not deducting points from the game for this.)Vergil is much faster yes, but I do not feel like I have as much control over him as I did in DMC 3, this might be due to the fact that Vergil's Dark Slayer style, does not have all the added benifits from DMC 3. All dark slayer does now is teleport to enemy, and act as a double jump, that's it.  While back in DMC 3, we could teleport to an enemy, teleport away from an enemy(You have no idea how much I miss that move) and act as a potential triple jump, if a wall kick was used, if not, then it was just a double jump.  One more thing about Vergil is that he can sometimes feel very ""easy button.""Through my playthrough of the game, I discovered that activating DT and spamming Vergils dash attack with Yamato would cause some bosses to lose half of their health before the DT gauge was empty. Yes, this was on normal, I did attempt this on Legendary Dark Knight, still does decent damage, but it still feels ""easy button."" but that is my own personal gripe.  Besides from those two things, Vergil is an extremely fun character, espically on LDK.Trish is bascially a rehash of DMC 1 Dante, for those of you who have played it will know what I am talking about.  Core moves from the first game make a reappearance along with some new moves for Trish to play with.  She is very fast, her combos can be brutal, espically if you time your combos well with the lingering lighting effects.  Sparda is a great sweeper and can keep crowds in check, I have not played with her on LDK but I am looking foward to it.Lady...Dear god Lady. She has EXTREMELY OP range, considering her character though, that makes sense, but charging up that shotgun and going into a big crowd just rips fools apart. Lady does not have a standard DT, but rather she has a grenade Gauge, I two shotted the first boss using thisIT WAS AWESOMEStill though, Lady was awkward to play with at first since she is so unconventional in terms of DMC gameplay, but just give it some time and practice and she might very well become your favorite character.Vergil will always be number one in my book though.The story is this, you demon hunter, demons, go kill.  Let's be honest, the story has never been the strong point of any DMC game, but this games story is as follows.Your first character is Nero, you have a weird arm, you are a knight of some order or whatever and ummm....Dante comes in and kicks♥♥♥♥♥ Look, I watched the cutscenes like one time and always skipped after that.A bit of catioun though, if you are buying this game to learn more about Vergil's story but are not a huge fan of DMC 4 I would not reccomend this game to you. The ""New Vergil Story"" has a total of 2 cutscenes.TWO CUTSCENESI thought I was going to get intervals of Vergil's journey through out the game but nope1 cutscene in the begginning, and 1 cutscence at the end, and to be honest it does't really explain much at all, but I won't spoil that...what little there is to spoil anyway...All in all, DMC 4 SE put some fine tuning and polish one, and it make a good game(DMC 4) a great game(DMC 4 SE)"
76561198049830775,Recommended,329050,16827304,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Agent Syn,"A really good DLC remastered.Pros:+Vergil is so badass.+Differents combat styles, like brawl Trish, Weapons range Lady and Vergil, still badass as damn.+HD graphics.+New costumes.+Lady/Trish' boobs.Cons:-Only few new cutscenes.-No cutscenes for bosses.-I expected the reason why Agnus found a broken Yamato on Vergil' story...Too bad... It's just a DMC5 teaser.-No new stages.-Frame drop until i run it into NVDIA gc.In fact, i don't regret buying  DMC 4 SE. I just regret to buy it 24 boxes.It's much like a DLC than a whole new game.But this DLC is really good.I'll recommand it when it will be discount on it."
,Recommended,329050,18015506,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Nonon,"Vergil is a pretty badass sexy beast. I feel like they fleshed him out a lot more than his dmc3se counterpart. Very fun to play, love the oldschool DMC feel. Can't wait to try Lady/Trish :3 Worth it for Vergil alone~"
,Recommended,329050,30854469,Posted: 31 March,all,The Dork Knight,"Still the best DMC game out there in terms of enjoyment. This special edition adds Vergil, Lady and Trish and all of them are fun to play with. Adds 2 new character skins to every playable character.Gameplay is same as DMC 4. They did a really good job with voice acting."
,Recommended,329050,34765316,Posted: 5 September,all,Lascardo,Masterpiece.Can confirm that Vergil is 200% motivated in this one.
,Recommended,329050,23050812,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Willie,"Like Anime Action?  Character Action/Action period/Hack and Slash/Metal Soundtracks?  They even have the arcade aspect with score count.  DMC4 was a blast, but I disliked the 360 console.  I appreciate the updates for this game with the SE.  Get it if you're a fan forsure!  Here are some other words and tags I'd use to describe the game.  Not in a specific order of relevance, but the top are what I'd like to think the game excels in and the bottom you can kind of see what it could include or be classified as.ActionAdventureHack and SlashThird PersonFast-PacedStory RichGreat SoundtrackArcadeShooterCharacter Action GameDifficultUpgradesAnimeBeat 'em upAtmosphericSingleplayerStylizedGoreViolentReplay ValueSpectacle fighterMatureRemakeFemale ProtagonistControllerHD60FPSRemasteredHordeDefinitiveEditionFunnyComedyAction-AdventureAction RPGCheesyCombosCombo HeavyJugglingTrialsDark FantasyFantasyMythologyDemonsThird-Person ShooterColorfulDarkScore AttackFightingShoot 'Em UpMedievalGrindGrind HeavyFarmingMagicSupernaturalWeaponshand to handSurvivalClassicRPGStrategyCasual"
76561198129572623,Recommended,329050,16655200,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,AbstractQuest,That's what i was waiting for not the other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t DmC reboot
,Recommended,329050,30114509,Posted: 23 February,all,R3dwan,-All time favorite game-So Good story-Hack and slashLove this game-Legendary Dark Knight go with Vergil enjoy :)
,Recommended,329050,16726791,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Dark Slayer,"Might controls everything,and without strenghtyou cannot protect anything,let alone yourself.Motivated/10 - Would Judgement Cut End again"
,Recommended,329050,21976452,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Something Hank,"Devil May Cry 3: Special Edition was still my favored DMC over this one for the longest time.But after the 4th games Special Edition added THREE playable characters, brought back Turbo mode, has an additional ""bonkers amount of enemies"" mode AND it's DMC4 so the enemies are better?Honestly, this has just... become my favourite."
,Recommended,329050,28590114,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,ThrobbingMushroom,"This is easily the best version of this game for starters. 60 frames, higher defintion, exrta content? Already sounds nice. Full controller support & steam achievements, & you can play Trish, Lady, & mother ♥♥♥♥ing Vergil?...What more can you say?  Its classic DMC, get it.  Gameplay is some of the best of the series & this port made a beatiful game even prettier. The core game has its faults (Second half campaign Dante backtracking is still lame...), but this special ed gave me a new fondness this oldschool DMC. (Plus new characters on bloody palace is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ If you catch it on sell, its one of the best of its genre dont pass it up"
,Recommended,329050,34362973,Posted: 19 August,all,gosusteele,Back when the original DMC4 launched on Xbox 360 and PS3 I picked myself up a copy. I had no idea what I was getting into. I fell in love with the game and it was one of the first hack and slash games I played.Fast forward to 2017 and I was feeling the itch to replay DMC4 after playing Nier Automata. The DMC4 Special Edition is a great remaster for the pc. I was able to get up to 120fps during gameplay and I was able to reach resolution up to 4k. The only issue I ran into for this game was the settings menu on the start menu. To change setttings I had to go into the mission select screen then select graphic options from there so it's not a big deal. Overall I am extreamly satisfied with game and I would highly recommend it to anyone who likes hack and slash games or wants to go back and re-experince DMC4.
76561198090392164,Recommended,329050,34370994,Posted: 20 August,all,.50Æ Ghost,"Worth it just for Vergil.Trish and Lady are cool too.But oh my God, Vergil in this game, though. Damn. Ownage. I was hoping they would do it and they did it. Smart move, Capcom, you have my gratitude for that one."
,Recommended,329050,24335538,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Ｒａｄｉａｎｔ ★,"Just make Devil May Cry 5 already capcom. And definitely make sure THAT doesn't have missing content like DMC4 and another certain game ending in 5. You can imagine my disappointment when there was no sign of any DMC5 announcement or trailer.Anyways, DMC4 is the best game in the hack n slash genre with the complexity and depth that there is to the stylish gameplay. Pulling off insane and crazy combos whilst taunting your enemies is one of the best satisfactions you can get out of a game. And it's even better in DMC4SE, now that you have more characters to play with like Lady, Trish and most importantly, VERGIL.Again, it's just such a shame that there is only half a game to this and you'll be going through the same areas and bosses for every character.3 is still the best in the series but gameplay wise, DMC4SE is no.1.One thing I don't think DMC4 doesn't get enough credit for is how the gameplay is very skill based and not left to cheap tricks like quick time events. You can trigger contextual gameplay segments yourself through gameplay and you have to time your actions right if you want to implement it. Eg. Instead of having a button prompt on the screen if a boss throws a magic arrow at it to stop and throw it back at them, you have to time when you want to be able to do that with your devil arm as Nero with the button that's napped to using it.I would hope games would learn from this that quick time events like the excessive use of them in something like God of War does not make for good gameplay no matter how cool the spectacle is. I'd rather watch it then having to constantly stress which button I'm going to have to press.Overall, if you appreciate proper video games, then you owe it to yourself to learn how to play Devil May Cry. With the increasing production of the last of us clones as can be seen in God of War 4 (more like God of Bore), games with actual good gameplay might want to follow suit and abandon the great mechanics it had already established to become a watered down and cheap game with good feels story.While I'd welcome a good story and decent writing, it's not vital to the gameplay. A lot of games are sacrificing good gameplay to meet the requirements for good story like it's a movie. I don't want to see this trend become more popular and infect games I like for their gameplay and not to mention their lovable goofy characters and cheesy writing and dialogue."
76561198076183117,Recommended,329050,25014701,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Tenkiya Pichu,"I spent litteraly hundreds (If not thousands) of hours playing the Devil May Cry series since the first 3 ones back to the ps2, and the classic Devil May cry 4 on PC, off steam. I was not sure about buying this special edition being worth it, but I decided to buy it on sale eventually, and I must say it's a steal !This special edition is definitely worth it. In the classic DMC4, you could only play Nero and Dante, both very enjoyable to play characters, but this one allows you to play Vergil, Lady and Triss.  Each character has very different gameplay mechanics, and every single one of them is extremely enjoyable to play in their own way, which makes this game have the most gameplay variety of the entire series.Since mastering one character takes quite a lot of time already, the replay value goes through the roof with all these characters. And they are all tons of fun to play. I'm currently having a blast with this game. Definitely worth a buy, even for the full price."
76561198100363611,Recommended,329050,34338194,Posted: 18 August,all,Tazika,Before we start I want to say that I am a huge Devil may cry fan and hack n slash genre is one of my favorite in gaming and I think that DMC is if not the best then one of the best hack n slash ever but this game in particular is kinda lacking in some aspects let's begin the review.+StoryStory has never been best part about DMC it was always simple do cool♥♥♥♥♥♥to destroy evil demons and save earth while looking cool and this game follows the same pattern  But the characters are really likeable especially Dante who makes these games really interesting but Nero who technically is the main character in this game is really not that great sometimes he is kinda boring his love interess kyrie is just there to give Nero motivation to advance the plot main villain Is also really weak compared to Vergil from DMC 3. Dante himself feels really off here too he is fun when he is in cutscenes but main focus is still Nero.Cutscenes do look great even the first one is and fight with Dante and Nero are well made.Level design is fitting to the theme of the game and is good looking but I got to admit that even DmC had better level design than this it was much more creative I don't like places in here where others are just amazing like the winter castle or Order of the Sword HQ.Special edition added 3 new characters with their own campaign but story is nonexistent it is really disappointing that they only get 2 cut scenes and that's it. If someone is interested with Vergil's back story can go do something else bacaouse the his campaign is him walk-in the city and then going back that's it.Story wise I think that DMC 3 and even DMC 1 is better than this one simply because of boring Nero and Weird main Antagonist who litteraly looks like a Pope+GameplayGameplay in this game is fast and really addictive you can play as 5 characters and they all have really cool and deep combos that is really hard to pull off the game itself is really hard but if you get the hang of it it might even get easy.One thing I don't like about Main Campaign with its story is backtracking it might get really boring for newcomers to backtrack same levels again and again. With just different character. for me it only was fun because I wanted to play as Dante but if you play Vergil's campaign you have to do same♥♥♥♥♥♥twice and it gets really frustrating with that aside the characters themselves are really different from one another.- Nero is really easy to play and is good for newcomers does not have many weapons and his Devil Arm can be really helpful at some situations and kicking bosses asses with it looks really cool. But he is not that deep character as any other-Dante is Hard to master because of his complexity he has 5 styles which you can change in middle of combos that makes him really fast and strong he has 3 Fire arms and 3 Weapons. With his Sword rebellion he can do fast and powerful attack with his Metal gauntlets Gilgamesh he does Unbelievable Damage but becomes slower and Lucifer is just cool looking :).+Trickster style can be used to dodge incoming attacks or teleport in front of an enemy+Swordmaster is used for aerial combos or special powerful attacks.+Royalguard is really hard to use but its the most useful style with it Dante can block most of the attacks and absorm its energy and then become invulnerable or attack back and deal absurd amount of damage.+Gunslinger is used for fire arms and is mostly helpful when used with Pandora.+Dark slayer is a style that allows Dante to use Yamato it only grants him 3 moves but it can be used to further extend combos both in air and on land.-Vergil is Overpowered that's what i can say he does not use styles. But he has 3 weapons. Katana yamato with it he can one shot almost every regular Demon with his Judgement cut end move.Beowulf is like Gilgamesh but has different moves. And force edge is kinda like rebellion but is more powerful.+Vergil has this mechanic called concentration gauge if he does not miss any moves and does not get hit he charges the meter and deals more damage. He does not use Guns he summons swords that are also really powerful and his teleport is really OP too if he just spams it he can dodge almost every attack.- Trish is really cool character she has a sword called sparda can use magical powers to do moves like Dantes Gilgamesh and Vergils Beowulf she has Pandora box. Dantes ebony and ivory and she can brakedance while dealing lighting damage to enemy so that already is cool.-Lady. I only played her once the idea behind her is interesting she is most different from all the other characters who use sometimes same moves. she is 100% ranged who uses her Rocket launcher to shoot things. I did not like her that much she does not have a devil trigger becaouse is human and that's it.After beating Main campaign you get new game modes and Bloody palace mode which is my favorite in bloody palace you have to clear 101 stages each get harder eveyetime and every 20th stage is a bossfight its really addictive.+SoundtrackSoundtrack is really cool it gets you hyped for upcoming bossfight or gives chills when exploring a winter Castle full of demons.but I still think that DMC 3 is still superior in this aspect.+OptimisationThis game runs really smooth even on my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ laptop yes I am playing all of my games on a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ laptop but somehow it manages to run this game really well even on turbo mode which makes game even more faster.Final VerdictWhile this game has not that much of an interesting story and main character and backtracking levels it still somehow has a greath replay value it might be because of amazing bossfight or many playable characters or maybe because This game has best gameplay in whole franchise and still after 9 year (this game was originally released in 2008) holds the title of King of Hack n Slash games.
,Recommended,329050,16716371,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,TheKiwiJames,Devil May Cry has become a series close to my heart over the duration of me knowing about it and Devil May Cry 4 Special Edition is keeping that fire alive.It is a solid remake of Devil May Cry 4 with the addition of 3 new playable characters:Vergil - Dante's misguided twin brother hellbent on seeking his fathers powerTrish - A demon created by Mundus to trick Dante but instead turned good at the end of the first game in the seriesand Lady - An old friend of Dante's who loves to con Dante into doing her jobs while finding reasons for him to owe her money.A few other additions to the game is the enhanced visuals and faster Red orb & Proud Souls gathering rate which gets rid of any hours you would need to spend grinding.I'm going to play this some more when I can get my gamepad to work and once I have done (mostly) everything I will add on to the review.PS: I suck at reviews.
,Recommended,329050,16869020,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,VERY fast doggo,"DMC4 is my favorite stylish action game. Now you get 3 new characters. That's CRAZY. And they are super well-designed. It's a Special Edition re-release that has more new mechanics than most sequels.Maybe you thought Nero played pretty differently from Dante. Vergil, Lady, and Trish are on a whole other lever. Hell, I think they feel more distinct than 2013's DmC does, and that game was supposed to be a reboot. And we're in a time when most new action games are Batman clones. These characters are a reminder that, yeah, there's a lot of uncharted territory in action game mechanics.Vergil is a character about moving slowly and striking efficiently. He has a ""concentration"" gauge that fills up by standing still and walking, and drains when he misses attacks or runs. So you get to pace around enemies like a badass as you summon phantom swords that do the work for you, before teleporting to enemies and slashing them up. You get this cool back-and-forth between slow pace and fast pace. And instead of attacking / dodging / running like you normally would, you rely on your teleports to dodge and don't miss a beat with your attacks. It matches his style from DMC3 cutscenes.Lady only has guns, and melee is a very minor part of her playstyle. She's all about distancing herself from enemies and raining down rockets and bullets. After buying yourself time, you can choose from a variety of ranged combos. The most damage she can deal out is by charging up her rocket launcher, which deals pretty ridiculous damage when fully charged. Like Vergil, Lady introduces some slower-paced decision making with her mechanics. She's the most unique character of the 5 IMO.Trish is a less wild departure from traditional Devil May Cry. She can throw out her sword to spin and trap enemies in an AOE, and her moveset changes when she does this. She also has the ability to leave lightning streaks in the air after one of her arial attacks, which also trap enemies. You can use these tricks to maximize damage on one enemy, or keep enemies occupied while you work on different threats. You can also get really creative with how you knock enemies into your AOEs.I have gripes, and they are the same gripes with the original DMC4. It still sucks that you backtrack for the 2nd half of the campaign. The story is still not as interesting as DMC3's. The lock on system will still occasionally not select the right enemy, and some of the fixed camera angles are awful. The last points I wish they would have fixed in the Special Edition.Also, the 3 new characters get the same campaign minus cutscenes. It's... fine. But given how good the characters are, it's a shame they don't get something unique to play (or at least variations on the campaign). But hey, it's not a sequel.At the end of the day, the characters are the important part, and they totally deliver."
76561198094775445,Recommended,329050,34521064,Posted: 26 August,all,Envy,Graphic like dmc4 (8/10)More powerfull abilites and skills5 charcters playableBest hack slash from all dmc series (10/10)
,Recommended,329050,31448384,Posted: 29 April,all,☪Haskell_J.Fla❤,My Favorite Game when i was a studentUncle DanteAndNero Boy
,Recommended,329050,29303441,Posted: 16 January,all,< blank >,"if you don't own DMC4 get this !but if u already have DMC4 it's the same, just Lady, Trish and Virgil were addedsame levels, same story, same graphics as DMC4 which was released in 2008C'mon THE FANS WANT DMC5"
,Recommended,329050,16654445,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Dark Knight,He is Back the real DanteGameplay 10/10Story     9/10Play with extra fan favs in the Devil May Cry Trish lady and Dante brother plus great port
,Recommended,329050,16663443,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Death,"The time has come, and so have II'll laugh last cause you came to dieThe damage done, the pain subsidesAnd I can see the fear clear when I look in your eye.I never kneel and I'll never restYou can tear the heart from my chestI'll make you see what I do best,I'll succeed as you breathe your very last breath.Now I know how the angel fell [just kneel]I know the tale and I know it too well [just bow]I'll make you wish you had a soul to sell [soul to sell]When I strike you down and send you straight to hellMy army comes from deep withinBeneath my soul--beneath my skinAs you're ending, I'm about to beginMy strength~His bane~and I will never give in.I'll tell you now I'm the one to surviveYou never break my faith or my strideI'll have you choke on your own demiseI make the angel scream, and the devil cryThey will see. We'll fight until eternityCome with me We'll stand and fight togetherThrough our strength we'll make a better dayTomorrow we shall never surrender."
76561198055803798,Recommended,329050,16689004,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Accel,Capcom from japan always make a best remake games perfect
,Recommended,329050,32726040,Posted: 24 June,all,ceric95,"Dislike: some lagging in legendary dark knight mode, but I have a potato computer so it was simple to fix. Turn settings to low.Like: playability and control scheme for characters. Especially Vergil.Love: Vergil came back!"
76561198030092592,Recommended,329050,23369466,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Mumsy,"Maybe one day we'll get a proper sequal to this.So many combos and so much style, all packaged in one fine game. I love this game, it's almost up there with Dmc 3. It has it's lows mainly the second half back tracking, thank god we got to play as Dante. But yes you play as a new guy by the name of Nero who is not as cool as Dante, but then again no one is so I won't hold that against him.As one would expect you use your sword and guns to battle endless hordes of deamons in the most spectacular manner possible, the combo potential is borderline insane especially when you play as Dante and it's so good that you'll cry over how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ the new DMC is in comparison.You can also play as Vergil who is OP as hell, he runs through the same levels as Nero and Dante so not a very good campaign but it's there. There's a also Lady and Trish campaign but I have not played it so I have nothing to say other than that it exists.Still waiting for Devil may cry 5 but until then I'll play this."
,Recommended,329050,16684923,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,JJ,"A return to form to the DMC series.A great upgrade to the base game of 4(as with the SE of 3), allowing up to 5 playable characters, all with various playstyles/movesets with some added cutscenes in their campaign. Aside from that though, no addition story/game modes compared to the original title(LDK mode was already included in the PC release of 4) but at least now you can style on enemies in Bloody Palace mode with Trish, Lady and especially Vergil. There's optimization options for PC but limited compared to the base game. If you're a fan of hack n slash titles, you'll be doing yourself a disservice if you miss this great title"
,Recommended,329050,17048444,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,drunkendan,"I saw a few reviews saying the game isn't optimized...I have no idea what kind of toasters they are using.For me it runs fine(though I am a little over the minimum not much though)If you liked DMC4 and the new contenet interests you I recommend it. You CAN play Vergil, Lady, and Trish from the start. All 5 of the playable characters feel very different form one another and offer different ways to fight waves of enemies. The game allows you to switch weapons via the trigger buttons like in DMC(the one good thing about that game) and is overall really fun.If you have not played DMC4 I recommend this version but check the minimum specs and compaire it to your PC(you don't need a titan or some really expensive PC to run this game)"
,Recommended,329050,17019530,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Just fucked my PC,"A couple of your old crazy friends are back, and they've brought a few you haven't really gotten to know. In that time your rig has become a bit more powerful, and you're longing to hone your skills and master some new ones. DMC4SE will fill that need; that hole, and the game still looks as sexy as ever, though if you don't like the inherent MoBlur and Depth of Vaseline there are guides to help you turn it off.Trick out with the edgy-as-hell Vergil, turn your enemies into swiss cheese with Lady's gunplay, dominate with the Queen of CC Trish, or go back to basics as the very angry Nero or the impossibly cool Dante. Each character is an individual learning experience and each one is extremely fun to play as.Despite some hiccups here and there, this is your favourite DMC4, easier than the previous installment but honed, refined, and sharpened to a point. Let this old friend welcome you to a golden age of CUHRAYZEE."
,Recommended,329050,16657625,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Optimus_Mega,"An amazing touch up to Devil May Cry 4 which felt really lacking in content when it first released. You now have full range of all the main characters that show up in the game along with the addition of the Yamato wielding Vergil. If you were one of the people that didn't feel any kind of challenge from DmC, this game will satisfy that craving."
,Recommended,329050,21813571,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,MacJokerDZ,"So you’re lookin’ to play huh?Alright, I guess I got some time to kill…"
,Recommended,329050,25811894,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Etelvir,They will seeWe'll fight until eternityCome with meWe'll stand and fight togetherThrough our strengthWe'll make a better day tomorrowWe shall never surrender
76561198111625055,Recommended,329050,16682871,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Banshee666,"The keyboard control is beyond awkward, go get a controller if you wanna enjoy this game.Graphic looks a bit outdated but totally understandable. Framerate is smooth and steady.The gameplay is similar to DMC3SE, you use 3 new characters to beat levels in DMC4. Most Vergil's weapons are directly ripped from DMC3SE. (Lazy)  But as an ""enhanced edition"" , this game at least does offer some promising new content. Trish & Lady's story is definitely worth a try. Not to mention they both have their own unique styles and weapons.Overall, the DMC4SE doesn't spoil the name of this franchise for its reasonable price, new content and solid gameplay.Now where the hell is our DMC5, Capcom?"
,Recommended,329050,21526291,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,DemiDeityLink,Still good man! I am going to play this like 7 more times and stuff.
,Recommended,329050,16744452,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,▼ Frigid Reynard,"I do because I am a die hard DMC fan.I've been playing since I was like 4 and haven't stopped since then.I mean, this game is frickin' awesome and I am in love with Vergil but there are a few issues with me for owning this.Cons:The fact you have to completly buy it out even if you own the edition before this for steam users.-- Should have given previous owners a coupon or something.The game crashes a lot, but, that's sorta expected to me with it being new and it being a Capcom PC port.I just hope they fix it in time before I get annoyed with it.Lady is really boring to play as.Pros:Great story lineGreat music,Amazing combat systemMay choices of characters to play through with.Great new costumes.Love the fact you made DLC available.( i unlocked dante must die then bought it as I just want to support the title)Vergil is just amazing for Verterans and his combos are just oh gawd.Overall:Anyways, personally I give this SE 8/10..It'll go up to 9/10 when the crashes are fixed.If Lady wasn't such a snooze fest it would get all 10 points! Sadly, she is just.. I don't want to taco bout it."
76561198315791793,Recommended,329050,26011412,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,InfinityTheHolic,"Have Devil May Cry 4 on console,Special edition does not dissapoint.The graphics is good.There is 5 characters to choose from,each with distinctive fighting style making it fun to replay the same stages with different character.The starting unlocked difficulity(Human,Devil Hunter,LDK) helps players to get use to the game.Most enemy are fun to fight against(With the exception of Blitz and Chimera assault).Tubro mode(speed the game up by 20%) is also avaliable for all difficulity.Unfortunately the backtracking is still present,Dante and Trish can only be played for 7 mission.There is also some audio cut and freezing but it does not affect gameplay too much.Nothing much is changed about the storyline either.A must have for hack and slash fan."
,Recommended,329050,32668562,Posted: 22 June,all,RevanTheOverlord,"I've played DMC on the xbox before and I love it. I recommend it to anyone looking for a fun story driven hack and slash to play. I must warn you though, It's very hard to get used to the controls without a controller to play with, as it displays the xbox controller button prompts instead of keys or mouse buttons. Kind of wish I'd known that before buying."
,Recommended,329050,16838876,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Yoshara,"DMC4 was already one of the best action games on the market, and this re-release contains nice tweeks to things that previously required you to grind and includes 3 new characters that are increadibly different from each other, and are also pretty fantastic to play as. What I am saying is that everyone should buy this awesome game."
76561198043473689,Recommended,329050,17039992,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Chorck Tungle,"I really enjoyed this remake It doesn't really change much other than the 3 added characters, but the new characters are extremey satisfying. Devil May Cry 4 has to be my favorite Spectacle Fighter. I just love everything about it and it was the first game that got me into spectacle fighters :).the one thing I might complain about in the special edition is That for some reason trish's lightning effects sometimes cause a frame stutter. It's wierd because the game runs fine for me with every character at 60 fps but ttrish just causes issues sometimes.Other than that Love the new characters Lady is probably my new favorite she's extremely powerful. With vergil being a close second.The Turbomode is fun speeds things up justabit and The added speed to walking makes the whole game move faster.In general I would highly recomend DMC4SE to fans of spectacle fighters and the Devil May cry franchise. It really did not disapoint. I've already spent 30 hours beating the game on multiple difficulties and I've barely touched bloody palace, the secret missions or beaten the game with vergil yet."
,Recommended,329050,29021873,Posted: 4 January,all,Level 5 Frank West,"Arguably the best hack & slash ever made, period. (Unless you prefer DMC3 with the StyleSwitcher mod, which is totally okay)Devil May Cry 4 SE is a beautifully crafted spectacle fighter that possesses one of the best control schemes in the genre and a combo system that even surpasses most fighting games in terms of flexibility and creativity. The original vanilla DMC4 featured Dante and Nero, with the first 60% of the game spent controlling Nero and a switch over to Dante (who retains nearly all of his moveset from DMC3 and the added bonus of being able to switch between his styles during gameplay) later on. DMC4SE adds 3 entirely new characters to the mix (Vergil, Lady and Trish), and while they may not be exactly balanced with the game's difficulty levels, they're an absolute blast to play as.Vergil: Possesses Yamato, Force Edge, and Beowulf, excellent mobility through teleports, and gains power by landing hits and NOT moving. The melee range god, his damage output is borderline disgusting.Lady: Possesses dual handguns, a shotgun, and her Kalina Ann rocket launcher. Uses a full screen grenade explosion instead of Devil Trigger. Her gameplay is more based around spacing/zoning than style combos.Trish: Possesses the Sword of Sparta and Luce & Ombra, her dual handguns. The queen of crowd control and multitasking.Other additions to the special edition include:-Legendary Dark Knight Mode (enemy spawns are ramped up to insanity, your screen will be full of enemies for most of your time in this mode)-New costumes which were DLC in the vanilla game-Japanese audio tracks-Opening/ending movies for Vergil/Lady/Trish-Overall graphics upgrades (might wanna disable the awful motion blur they added though)Performance: Consistent 120-144FPS on all High settings with FXAA.Specs: FX-6120 @4GHz, R7 370 4GBTL;DR DMC4 SE is the best spectacle fighter your money can buy, you owe it to yourself to experience one of the best action games ever made."
76561198133608412,Recommended,329050,16799140,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,brandenaustin37,"Great Game, huge fan of the series. Im looking forward towards the future"
76561198144112663,Recommended,329050,21289624,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,KatieWolf,"Honestly my favourite game of all time.I have played this game for at least over 1000 hours on another console.I'm a massive fan of the Devil May Cry series. I've at least finished each game once or twice, even the reboot. I loved every game, yet Devil May Cry 4 was always a big favourite of mine. When I heard that the special edition was being released, I got super excited and pre-ordered it straight away.I don't regret doing that.The special edition makes this game 10 times more enjoyable as new characters such as Vergil, Lady and Trish were added to the game. These characters were developed smoothly and beautifully and I could play these characters for several hours straight. The storyline is interesting and the side quests are challenging yet not impossible. There are a lot of things to unlock in this game which can take a long time to do, such as complete all of the difficulties (which I found almost impossible to do since I was so bad at the game). Honestly, repeating the game over and over again in different difficulties doesn't feel repetative at all. It's still a very enjoyable game to me even if I played for hours and hours for each day of the week.I can't say that there is anything bad in the game. The game itself runs very smoothly and I haven't caught any bugs in the 1000 hours I have played in my life.If you're a big fan of the Devil May Cry series and isn't sure whether it's worth buying this again but in the special edition OR you're just a big fan of hack and slash games, I definitely recommend this game to you and I guarentee you that you will love it.Rate: 10/10"
76561197990291498,Recommended,329050,28648495,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,kiro.2.0,"One of the best HnS action games in one of the best if not the best HnS series of all time. Despite their missteps in recent years, Capcom manages to do this franchise justice and deliver an excellent SE upgrade at a reasonable price for both new and returning players.- Preface: I'm a huge DmC fan, been playing since DMC1 on PS2. I actually bought a PS3 just to play this game and have clocked over 200 hours on the original release; S ranking every difficulty up to DmD and half of hell and hell. As far as core gameplay goes, nothing much has changed. Most of the good and bad of the original are still here and thankfully, most of it is good. This is a fairly old title, so I mostly just want to talk about what's new in the SE but I've listed some of the main pros and cons of the base game below:Pros:- Fluid and stylish HnS action that makes you feel like a badass even if you're new to the game.- Good combo system that rewards you for understanding and incorporating different skills and attacks.- Art design faithful to the DmC style.Cons:- Story is expectedly mediocre and predictable. It is decent in length but the latter half of the game involves a lot of backtracking.- Enemy types could benefit from some variety.- Occasionally wonky camera anglesNow for the SE:- Presentation: I didn't play the first DMC4 PC release so maybe it was already like this but this game certainly looks a lot better than the PS3 version. Keeping in mind that this game is nearly a decade old, it looks great at 1080p. Uncompressed textures and new special effects do a lot to make the game feel modern.- Characters: The SE introduces three new playable characters in Virgil, Trish and Lady.Virgil feels like a faster version of Dante at first as they share some melee move sets. He does however, have a unique playstyle of his own. Equipped with the legendary yamato as his main weapon and summoning swords which can be used for defense, offense and as a targeting gap closer, Virgil is easier and a lot of fun to play but quite overpowered.Trish is my favorite to play of the three. She is fast but doesn't pack the same punch as Virgil. Unlike other characters, she doesn't have to swap weapons and her moveset allows her to incorporate her two ""weapons"" (One of them is bare fist) together flawlessly which allows for some crazy combos.Lady is as OP or as challenging as you want her to be. As a weapons specialist, she breaks one of the fundamental rules of DMC's game design which is ranged weapons can only deal limited damage. You can very easily get through the game just spamming her bazooka but if you want to get a high combo, she can be challenging to use.Overall, the three characters feel distinct enough and are all fun to use. They obviously don't fit into the story but the extra cinematics Capcom made for each is appreciated.- Game modes: I believe turbo was included in the original PC release but it really is a fun option to have once you're familiar with the game. Speeding the game up by 20% makes the gameplay feel faster and the combos more fluid. Legendary dark knight mode is interesting as the extra enemies let you pull off SSS combos left and right. However, the game is obviously not designed around this mode which can lead it to feel cluttered and difficult to see in tighter areas.- Technical: This I'm sure was in the original DMC4 PC release but it needs to be mentioned that this game supports up to 120HZ refresh rate. While it's not exactly a technical feat considering the age of the game, the fact that it's included in a console port (and from Capcom of all companies) deserves recognition. I dug out my PS3 for comparison and the difference is night and day. The game runs buttery smooth at max settings, never dropping below 120 FPS.- Unlocks/DLC: Almost as a hallmark now of all Capcom games, there is a lot of paid DLC for this game. However, all of it can be unlocked via playing the game. They also increased the orb gain by a fair amount so the progression feels much more natural. The orbs are independent of each character, so you don't have to worry about acquiring them again after spending all of it on upgrading one. If you've already played the game like me and don't want to go through it all again, pick up the DLCs on sale, it's worth at least that much.- Closing remarks: I've been on something of a Capcom boycott after all their anti-consumer practices and ♥♥♥♥-ups in recent years with games like SF5 but I'm so glad they didn't ♥♥♥♥ this one up. There's a good amount of additional content and fun for returning fans here that warrants a recommendation even at full price. If you've never played the game before, now's a good of time as any to experience it. Overall a 8.5/10 even by today's standards."
,Recommended,329050,23877064,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Bionic Abe Lincoln,"It's all of Devil May Cry 4 plus a bunch of really nice quality-of-life improvements, and three new characters to play as.  Vergil is great fun to play as.  It's also impressively well-optimized, I don't think it ever stopped running at 60 frames per second."
76561198160868511,Recommended,329050,28022981,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Strayed Lynx,"Devil May Cry 4 was already one of the best games of the series,second only to the third installment and the addition of 3 completely new characters of excellent quality to the game adds a ton of replayability to an already amazing title,if you've never played this game you can't pass this up and if like me you've played the old version on console but never got the game on Steam,this version is definitely worth getting."
76561198080239615,Recommended,329050,24511774,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Comkill117,"The crazy action of Devil May Cry still stands tall over all others of it's kind to me, and Devil May Cry 4 Special Edition adds more to the original DMC4 to make it the superior version. With 3 new playable characters (Vergil from DMC3SE, Trish from DMC2, and Lady making her playable debut) as well as alternate skins it's loads of fun. It's still my second favorite in the series after DMC3SE (though the pc port of that is terrible, just get the HD collection or the ps2 version) and it's a blast from start to finish."
,Recommended,329050,27066844,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Muad'Dib,"The game still holds up great after years of being released initially. The graphics are slightly outdated but sill have a good feel to it, and the gameplay is still ♥♥♥♥ing awesome!"
,Recommended,329050,16674881,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Noblivion,"Devil May Cry 4 returns to my PC with this installment.There are very very obvious positive moments:-Three new playable characters, each one with their own unique mechanincs.-Major graphical improvement.-Well-designed costumes.-Autosaving!-Many minor improvements I can't even tell you about.The only real (not even a con) misguiding thing I found - an ability to choose Legendary Dark Knight from the very beginning.For those new players - Legendary Dark Knight is a separate mode/difficulty with dozens of enemies on screen at the same time. Before it was unlockable after beating the game on any difficulty, but now you can choose to play it right from the start. I chose to play it from the start because I knew what I was going for. For new players, however, the choice will be ambiguous. It isn't even explained what this mode does before you choose it. When new players will find out what it does, it may be a huge motivation to stop playing this game forever and maybe even get a refund.But that's the only strange thing overall. The game is just as great as it was before, and new features make it a perfect experience for any fan of the genre."
,Recommended,329050,16858510,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,MorganaR,I recommend!It's very fun! And very easy to play.You should buy it.
76561198020253839,Recommended,329050,23607732,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Sykopathic Crow,"My all time favorite series remastered and with new playable characters. If you love the over the top action of the Devil May Cry series, and the absurd characters that populate it. You can literally not go wrong buying this special edition. This upgraded edition rolls the dial all the way up to 12. If you're a previous fan of the series or a newcomer to the genre, I could not recomend this game enough to anyone and everyone. In the words of Dante ""Let's rock, baby!"""
76561198120308090,Recommended,329050,34021190,Posted: 4 August,all,IronThrone7,How to make Devil May Cry 4 an even better game? Add Vergil obviously! Lady and Trish are a nice touch as well. If you like other games in the DMC series you'll love this one!
76561198020895658,Recommended,329050,16810510,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Quarhodron,Vergil! That's enough for that review I guess.9 / 10
,Recommended,329050,16686838,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,ChyrosNX,"Pros+ Price (specially if you haven't bought the original game)+ A very polished game+ 3 new characters with different playstyles - which are all fun to use (haven't played with Trish yet)+ Definitive DMC4 version+ High replayabilityCons- Same old ""Nero/Dante and Lady/Trish being tied to specific level"" design- Half of the missions are backtracking- Most areas still has fixed camera views- No new missionsChanges over vanilla DMC 4(aside from what we already know)+ Proud Souls and Red Orbs are cumulative across all characters - can be earned faster by playing all chars per level+ Vergil and Lady/Trish campaign are already unlocked from the start+ Vergil and Lady/Trish despite having different playstyle than Nero are very fun to play with+ Legendary Dark Knight already unlocked+ Few additional cutscenes for Vergil and Lady/Trish+ Achievements support+ DirectX10 only game - DirectX9 has been removed+ Single save file for overall progress - no more handling multiple save file like in traditional gamesI've already finished the vanilla game multiple times years ago but I still find myself having a blast replaying this game.9/10- ""It's good to be back"""
,Recommended,329050,34341809,Posted: 18 August,all,Nojical,"Yeah, it's worth a buy"
76561198066468178,Recommended,329050,17106563,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Cress,Judgement Cut End.Buy it. NOW
,Recommended,329050,24983091,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Tasogare Akira,"Easily the best combat of the series. Great story, lots of game modes. What's not to love?MUST BUY!"
,Recommended,329050,16654844,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,DarkWeebDuck,The pre load worked unlike bamham ham knight. 10/10 this party got me motivated
,Recommended,329050,16653979,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Oskulock,It's awesome.
,Recommended,329050,16661153,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,НАЙТУОЧЕР,NOW I'M MOTIVATED!
76561198015272255,Recommended,329050,16769904,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Lugh,"Great game. The positioning and inputs are a lot stricter than most action games (expecially the dodge, which is character based rather than camera based), but it is probably the most rewarding game to invest into; since, the combat is on-par to the depth of a fighting game. Faults include backtracking and a lot of unneccessary padding (vets will understand the horrid ""dicegame"").  Pros include 5 playable characters (some of which are extremely difficult, and others really easy to pick up). To anyone new to the series, but enjoys a good hackn'slash, you WILL have trouble adjusting to the controls, but you should really give it a chance. For vets who have played the original, it may not be worth it to you unless you really want to play the new characters because the story and majority of the content is identical and LegendaryDarkKnight mode is nothing new as it was in the original as well."
,Recommended,329050,16833919,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,BakedCookie,"Pros: Buttery smooth, graphics still pretty, all the characters play great, a variety of costumes, decent options, fun gameCons: Needs a hex edit to get rid of motion blur, it's still half a game like on release, the extra characters don't really have a story line save for an intro and an outro cinematicOverall: Good if you're a fan, great if you've never played the original, kinda wish it had more to it but at the same time I'm not dissapointed and am happy with my purchase."
,Recommended,329050,16771574,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Nero,"This is how all all game remasters should be like. Not only are the graphics updated, with new shaders and shadows, along with improved textures, the game also features new costumes that give the game a new fresher feel, along with having two whole three whole new characters with their own control scheme. I'd reccomend this to any fan of the Devil May Cry Series."
76561197966118159,Recommended,329050,16784422,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Isaac Schneider - 9hp,"Should you buy this game?If you enjoyed the original version then game is still not going to blow you away. The extra content is nothing more then just character swaps and extra extra extra hard mode. This game feels cheap. What i mean by cheap is that nothing has really changed. It feels like they just added the characters and called it a day. There is no training mode to test out the skills you buy, the controls are not updated and just feel slugish compared to DMC:devil may cry remake and there is no new campaignfor the new characters. The same problems the original had are still in this one. That said i do really enjoy playing as vergil in dark knight mode, its amazing.The worst part of all is that now the whole game is backtracking over and over and over. As Nero you play till the mid point and then Dante takes over and you get to play the same levels in reverse order, after that you get to do it again and again with the new characters. I would have loved a campaign for the new characters even if it wasnt as long as the main story.Get this game if you are a big fan of dmc.Wished they had updated a few things.Also the hell with day 1 dlcfunk off with dlc6/10"
76561198038302407,Recommended,329050,16828848,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,GJ omega,Great action game but playing dante is way too complicated like wtf. Getting D has never been this funny....This game probably has the deepest combat system i have ever seen but content is kinda lacking. İts like building Titanic and shooting a film just inside a cabin...Still great game. Recommended.
,Recommended,329050,16823681,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,gourrythecrazy,"There's a few things you should know. The good: WONDERFUL hd remake of the original game, they brought over everything well. The bad: they kept the ONE feature I did not approve of- horrible keyboard controls.Did performance tests with this game, runs great on my system with a little bit of tweaking. Never drops below 80fps. Looks great, plays quick and fast (good for hack and slash gaming) and overall satisfied (PC specs at bottom of review to get to info faster).The controls: oh god, why didn't they change it? If you are a keyboard and mouse player, hold your horses, I got some news for you. The mouse is not used for gameplay, nor can you switch it without modding. The controls are wasd for movement, then i j k l m for all your melee, shooting, jumping, evade. What were they thinking? It practically forces you to use a gamepad.If you don't have a gamepad, PLEASE, wait to buy this game. If you do and you prefer using gamepad, go right ahead and enjoy.There are ways to mod the game to use mouse controls, but seriously, why should I have to?Driver:  NVIDIA GeForce GTX 760Monitor Refresh Rate: 60 HzDirectX Card: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 760Primary Display Resolution:  1920 x 1080Desktop Resolution: 1920 x 1080Primary VRAM: 2047 MBSupported MSAA Modes:  2x 4x 8xRAM:  16336 Mb"
,Recommended,329050,16816929,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Jon Snow,It's the same♥♥♥♥♥♥with more characters and skins.but that doesn't make it bad.Dante's humour/10although it painfully reminds you of like the 5 cycle of enemies that you fight.
,Recommended,329050,16681255,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Fox Pocket,I LOVE THISTHIS IS WHAT I LIVE FORI'M ABSOLUTELY CRAZY ABOUT IT
,Recommended,329050,16661910,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Hakuoro,"It's DMC, what else u can say?It's Old DMC, before Dante went cry babe.It has more characters ( but actually you play still  DMC 4 storyline, just without kewlmade Nero cutscenes).So because i like old one, i got that one.Legendary Knight mode is FUN, u got overload of monsters from begining :>If you love hack and slash, pretty nice made characters, Big swords / Big guns / Mystic / and unreal  fights in Anime style, this game for you."
,Recommended,329050,16664350,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Lord Dynasty,"Vergil is in it. He says the word ""motivation.""Updated graphics make him look prettier.Lady makes♥♥♥♥♥♥go boom in a school girl outfit.MA-MA-MA-MAXIMUM!/10"
,Recommended,329050,16785299,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,midtwo,"Amazing, better than DmC, however dissapointed in the lack of story for vergil and lady/trish. 4.5/5 I am really important............"
,Recommended,329050,16750190,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Dizzy H. Muffin,"The objectively best part of this game is the fact that you can have costume-changes in cutscenes.Second-best is the fact that DmC has a ""Classic Dante"" costume, while DMC4:SE has a ""DmC Dante"" costume."
,Recommended,329050,16654364,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Vyndorthus,PRETTY ♥♥♥♥ING NEAT
,Recommended,329050,16688553,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Xolais,KNEEL BEFORE ME!Don't get so cocky!BLAST!Scum!My power shall be boundless!
,Recommended,329050,16660605,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Mighty Bastard,"I like things simple. So here's a simple review:Have you never played a DMC game? Watch some online reviews first. It's not the strongest in the series, but still a great deal of fun.Have you played through it once or twice and had enough? Don't buy it. If you're not already enamoured with the game, the extra features won't cut it for you.Are you a huge DMC fan? You don't need my opinion. You probably already bought it.Bottom line: New players and veterans will likely be the only ones to enjoy it."
,Recommended,329050,16703707,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Huemaster,This updated version of DMC4 is now easily the best DMC ever made.
,Recommended,329050,18474844,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,MinimolHD(ダイスケは,"Devil may cry 4 Special edition is NOT what i Expected or any one elseThey had so much potenciall but didn't use it.Capcom was Lazy againOnly thing they added to this game was 3 new characters and 2 or 3 new cutsceenesNo new soundtrack,bosses,enemies nothingDevil may cry 4 was a 50% done gamestill lacks a lot of things but can eazy be best dmc game is worked onSure you have 5 characters each with 6 or 7 diff. and bloody palace what can give you a LOT OF play timebut only reason why i play so much is cus of Vergil and dmc 3 has bad portsCapcom pls add more stuff or at liest finish the game"
76561197971532731,Recommended,329050,17367277,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Mojo love tissekone,Love this game!MAKE MORE OF DMC!
76561198049342342,Recommended,329050,16654455,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,FallenChaos619,"I pre-order this game just to get Lady & Trish costumes, and then they show this DLC... really Capcom.I can beat the game without buying the DLC except for SuperVersion. True Devil May Cry fans can beat this game without this DLC!! 10/10"
,Recommended,329050,16654175,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,tivus,MAN THIS GAME IS GREAAAT !!!
,Recommended,329050,16665569,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Athena,Best action game on PC
,Recommended,329050,34337361,Posted: 18 August,all,Brutakas,Now I'm motivated.
76561198006420240,Recommended,329050,16654943,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Skeith,Power Rangers reunion!
76561198017652033,Not Recommended,329050,25072077,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,geroth,"Loved this game in 2008 but my Windows 10 Laptop with DX10 does not like it at all in 2016.The furthest I got before a crash was 10 seconds into the first cutscene, the majority of times it crashed in the menus.And a subsequent check of the forums reveals someone with my setup plays a lottery on whether it will work and if you loose then constant crashes are for you, I could find no fix that would work and instead found comments that some people are doomed and Capcom are unable/unwilling to fix the DX10/Windows 10 problems.Buyer beware to do more research than I did as nostalgia and exitement and a foolish thought that a game ported to PC over a year ago headlining a weekend promotion wouldn't be this broken for many."
,Recommended,329050,16665212,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,LEON35,Vergil
76561198009493634,Recommended,329050,16668507,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Vita~*,Addition of new playable characters is always welcome~Updated graphics is definitely a plus~Fantastic soundtrack~Slick and stylish action~Vergil~Time to get my game on~!
76561198100821203,Recommended,329050,16775572,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,*Kenpachi* (Big Mom Truepachi),"Devil May Cry 4: Special Edition is probably the best action game I've ever played to date. The mere fact that I'm taking the time to write this review should speak for itself (I almost never write reviews). For me, the main selling point (hook, rather) is the option to play Vergil. He's so incredibly fast that even I, the player, lose track of him....Better graphics, adrenaline-pumping action sequences, and a kick#&$ soundtrack.- Easy 10"
,Recommended,329050,16664331,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,[THoA]Kalidris,"I enjoyed DMC4 alot but the special edition is just so much better, Even since DMC3SE i really enjoyed playing as vergil especially with his play style that is so different from dante's and i feel capcom really fleshed out his kit in this game and have made him even more enjoyable to play. So if you enjoyed Vergil in DMC3SE then you will really enjoy him in this game. Yet to play trish but lady's gun mechanics are really enjoyable and make you play the game really differently which is quite refereshing to see.I don't know why people are bashing this port as (This is just my experience maybe im lucky) i haven't had a single crash and the game runs over 100FPS on max settings and ive never dropped below it yet"
76561198120416476,Recommended,329050,16665171,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,icx220dx,"It's everything I had hoped it would be. The new playable characters have unique move sets (some recycled moves for stuff like Beowulf, Force Edge, etc) and the additional story elements help the game flow as smoothly as the Nero/Dante storyline. Auto save is great, shared orbs/souls is great, outfits are great! I'm super pumped. DMC5 please, the right way this time!  :)Also Vergil is OP af."
,Recommended,329050,16665737,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Ozymand1as,Okay so i am 60 hours into the game and this is so ♥♥♥♥ing aweseome. I need more DMC in my life. Vergil's cumback is the best thing that happened since TI3. Now please buy this game and support Capcom for more DMC Kreygasm. Peace.
76561198076010925,Recommended,329050,16691710,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Xander Dragoon,this game is amazing with all the new charaters and costumes downside is no real story for vergil lady and trish overall it's a great game
,Recommended,329050,16698794,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Shifty,"Short VersionSame base game.The new stuff is good.There are some downgrades vs. the vanilla version.Performance is markedly worse for dumb reasons.Still in a better state day-one than many other releases.Don't be afraid to get a refund and hold Capcom accountable if you have issues with it. Doing so increases the likelihood that they'll listen and fix the problem.Long VersionPros3 new characters are awesome.Improved texture quality is nice.Some nice, minor rebalances to the base game. (Speed ability kicks in faster out of combat, noticeable hitstop when stunning a Gladius, probably more besides.)ConsNo new mission content or major improvements to existing stages.Missions are still split between Nero/Dante, same for Lady/Trish. No reason they couldn't have added jump pads and teleporters to get around the issue.Various downgrades vs. vanilla release: Letterboxing in 16:10 resolutions, reduced number of Anti-Aliasing options, inferior door transition effects, andverypoor alt+tab behaviour.Various post-processing graphical effects (Motion Blur, DoF Blur, Bloom, God Rays) have been added to the game,are forced on at all times and cannot be disabled via the options menu. This greatly inflates the base system requirements, and is causing performance issues for a lot of people. They also (subjectively) look super ugly vs. the base game.The game is now DX10-only, which is known to cause crashes on various hardware configurations.ConclusionMyself, I've had no issues with the game outside of the letterboxing and ugly post-processing effects. I'm disappointed that Capcom saw fit to downgradeanotherre-release for no good reason (looking at you RE5 Gold,) but this time the game is in a solid enough state for me to recommend it.However,do not be afraid to get a refund if you encounter issues. Steam refunds are the best way to hold publishers accountable for releasing sub-standard products, and increase the likelihood of games being patched into a fully-functional state."
,Recommended,329050,16758241,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,❤❤ Htrefege ❤❤,"A few bugs and glitches here and there which definitely breaks the feel and flow of the game, but i imagine this will be resolved pretty quickly. Overall a good game, feels nice, has good flow and speed to it, controls are tight and comfortable, very impressive."
76561198008678879,Recommended,329050,16760374,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Mr. Creaux,Playing Lady is fun.  Playing Trish is fun.  Playing Vergil is fun.  They were all good editions to the game.But you still have to play them through DMC4.
76561198018586514,Recommended,329050,16760536,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,PoorYorick,"I will be very frank and biased about this game:It would be the perfect DMC expierience, if it wasn't for Nero.From a gameplay perspective, Dante has more depth, changing styles on the spot is a great addition and his weapons are diverse and fun to use.Nero doesn't get different weapons, he feels rather sluggish and the Red Queens mopet-trigger is difficult to use in a scuffle.The story meanwhile is so delightfully ludicrus and silly, its a joy... as long as its about Dante, since he basically jokes with every sentence and never gives a darn about anything but having fun while saving the world. Nero on the other hand is such a bore, the whole affair loses its stupid charm and comes chrashing down again.Now, you can play through it with your mind on standby and go to  the good part very quickly, so that isn't exactly a dealbreaker. Though the Gyroblade puzzles were a really bad idea, but the developers wanted to show off the Devil-bringer, I get it.Now, how does the Special Edition hold up?Extremely well in my oppinion.There is a lot of love in Vergil, Lady and Trish.Vergil plays exactly as he did in DMC3 with a few additions that are very welcome. His focus mechanic fits him and his style very well (you lose focus whenever you miss an attack of take damage) and his weapons are his classic trinity (Yamato, Beowulf, Force Edge). If you like him in DMC3 you will like him here.Trish plays like she did in DMC2 with a few additional moves from her DMC1 days as an enemy. She uses lightning skills, similar to what she used back then, has Luce and Umbra as side arms and can also call Pandora. While she can't change weapons, her lightning strikes form lasting lines and it is challenging to position them so that enemies get caught and then butcher them.Finally, there is Lady.Ok, she is the best addition imagineable. She play very differently from the others, since most of her skills are far range and she is slower than the others. To master her, you need to herd enemies and use her dashs and stuns to you can charge up your primary arms and SHOOT THEM WITH A BAZOOKA. Seriously though, her style is unique and fun to play and she is a great addition.My verdict: Buy it if you liked DMC3. Dante, Vergil and Lady are a lot of fun to play and the other two are at least decent."
,Recommended,329050,16765366,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,DarkSeraphinXIII,"I love the Devil May Cry series it was fun had a great story, fun enemys and bosses and a great cast of characters this game is worth it if you a DMC fan."
,Recommended,329050,16774132,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,stark259,"If you don´t own the original DMC 4 you should buy this, if you own DMC4 you need to buy this SE, It is an awesome game for both new and hardcore fans of this series, (Joystick Controller totaly recomended) It is quite a fun Smack and Slash game, the characters feel unique rather than be just an updated skin from the original ones ( even though every character has their own bunch of costumes) The story is pretty solid and it makes you care about for whats going on, perhaps the Vergil and Trish/Lady campaing might seem unfinished by the lack of cutscenes but the point its just to play with them.I do recommend this game; its cool, it doesn´t feel 7+ years old, its fun, and pretty much it makes you Rock with the charecters you´re playing with."
,Recommended,329050,16779532,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,knighttraviis,"A very fun and enjoyable hack and slash game. It's not as good as DMC3, but it's not a bad game by any means. Devil May Cry 3 set the bar extremely high for the series, and Devil May Cry 4 tries to reach that bar but just falls a little short.  You play as Nero throughout most of the game and eventually play as Dante.It's fun to play as Nero, he has the guns and swords similar to what Dante uses but more flashy. Neros' sword has a charge up attack that just does insane amounts of damage along with his devil arm which makes fighting most basic enemies a breeze. Nero is considered to be the ""noob friendly"" character to play as in the series since he is so easy to control and his devil arm makes him slightly overpowered. Dante however, is a completely different story. Dante plays a lot like he did in Devil May Cry 3 with the different fighting styles though trickster is the default style most people will get use to very fast.I've yet to play as Veril or Trish and Lady but adding those characters in to be playable, a new higher difficulty, slightly tweaked combat, and different costumes for your character makes this special edition version worth the price. The game is starting to show its age but it is still better than your average run of the mill hack and slash game. Definitely recommended to people wanting to try out the series and the veterans that can finish the entire game in one sitting."
,Recommended,329050,16824741,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,DragonEssence,its a very nice port a wonderful re-release but dont buy this game if you dont have a gamepad this game is almost impossible/unplayable with a keyboard but other than that i say you should definitly  pick up this game
,Recommended,329050,16664572,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,(☆╹^╹)ﾉDongsMBM (R.I.P Papalymo),"Definitely pick this game up if you enjoyed the original dmc4. new character are fun to play despite there are no new enemies, no new game levels.The port is great, I have not encountered any issue so far been playing it 9 hours straight, and never ever crashed once, and the game runs at a smooth steady 120 fps.Don't bother with the DLCs, they are disgusting. They don't add anything to the game, infact the dlc subtract the enjoyment you could have from this game since you can unlock all the content with just a little bit of exploring. And of course, in game item purchase should not be encouraged or accepted at any circumstances"
,Recommended,329050,16678917,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,woop,"I'm not the best reviewer, but...They made a great job. At first I thought that it's just a cash-maker special-edition game.But after playing this, my mouth was wide-opened for so long. They didn't just added new characters, they also made new costumes for Nero (and Vergil), changed some cutscenes (which is so awesome!), improved graphic (a lot! if you think, that it's still the same, then I can't say that you ever played DMC4), they also changed some cutscenes and gave this game a new fresh breath!I don't regret any cent, I've payed for this and I really enjoy playing this game once again!"
,Recommended,329050,16707299,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,i bet you kiss girls faggot,"A huge step up from the original. Not only does it keep everything from the original in tact, but it also makes it better! The gameplay is much more fluent as well as the optimisation is pretty well done. This edition brings 3 new characters to the table and keeps the previous 2 characters already there. Now you can wreck havoc with 5 playable characters.The 3 new characters have completely different fighting mechanics which might take a while to learn but that's the fun in all of it. However, once you master the new characters, you might as well become invincible.The game doesn't offer a new story mode for Vergil, but it isn't just a simple copy and paste of the original which is why I recommend this game completely."
76561198150931046,Recommended,329050,16747786,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,snowstorm125,best dmc4 version you can get
76561198197432894,Recommended,329050,16772391,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Aatugo,This game was amazing upon it's original release and even now. This game is way more epic.
76561198031270031,Recommended,329050,18274270,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,alexander_night,"Being a massive Devil may Cry fan IE playing the series since the very beginning i was so doubious about buying this simply for the fact that the original game still holds its own in terms of a game. And the added features didnt seem that fulfilling. I couldnt have been more wrong. This game is simply worth the twenty pups on Vergils gameplay style alone. It was fantastic. Absolutely amazed at how stylish and fluid the gameplay has been polished to. PS. Jump still sucks♥♥♥♥♥ I implore any fan of the franchise to buy it. There are a few grips for me which were. Fullscreen mode is buggy when you want to shift in and out of windows.The cutscenes. I didnt mind the original cutscenes being cut in vergil mode. But they brought the original voice actor in to do Vergil again. Why they didnt see fit to utilize this and add some juicy cutscenes of his own. I dont know. Overall though the game has renewed my love of DMC, (I hated DmC) I pray to god they give Vergil his own game or simply bring him back in a main story line. I also enjoyed the fact they gave each character in this a nice little ability that nobody else could have IE Vergil could collect orbs from further away ect. It added that extra little bit of versitility in each seperate gameplays.Solid 8/10 for me"
,Recommended,329050,28826905,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Kujo Qtaro,I am just playing and enjoying Vergil  wwwww
76561198128094691,Recommended,329050,26993331,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Just Swift,"I thought I would stop playing after beating all of the modes, I WAS WRONG!"
,Recommended,329050,28741387,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,MinaSia,Awesome.not a word...
,Recommended,329050,20654214,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Mephisto,"Ok, soooooooo...This is DMC4SE, the same game that you might have played on the launch date on consoles or PC, but with some tweaks that improved a game that was good into somewhat godlike.Even though the graphics are exactly the same as the 2008 release, it has a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of stuff added into it. First of them being the 2 campaigns, Nero´s and Trish/Lady´s, both of them have unique gameplay and a lot of time to spend (There is a problem to it though, both of the campaigns are the same you play in the base game, but with different characters, and the worse of them all, Nero´s campaign happens twice, which might bore you really fast).There is also some extra costumes added in, but that isn´t very important.I dont know why, but this ""remaster"" feels more fluid, like the controls are more thight than beforeSo yeah, buy it, it will give you more stuff to do and is a great game without the Special Edition in it, so buy itITS GUUUUD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,329050,20614435,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Big Brother,wasted all my money on the dlc for no reason gg
,Recommended,329050,16708989,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,KeterSouls,It's NOT made by Ninja Theory
,Recommended,329050,16671337,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Ainastrasza,Now this is a re-release I can get behind.My dark soul was filled with light this day.
76561198007544792,Recommended,329050,18869656,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Kain Fayiar,Playing DMC4 agian has reminded me just how good the sereies is and how awsome the characters are comparing to the new DmC (especially Vergil )When i saw this on sale i just had to get it !Graphics: 9/10Music 8/10Gameplay 10/10Badass Level 15/10
,Recommended,329050,18563569,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,TWILTY,"Devil May Cry 4 has a lot of great things going for it. It has probably the best combat in any hack and slash game out there, 5 very different playable and unique characters to choose from, runs great (I don't have the best laptop, but I was able to run it pretty smoothly with low settings), some very fun boss fights, pretty cool music (THE TIME HAS COME AND SO HAVE I) and while the story is kind of...meh, it still has some cool moments (mostly the Dante parts). Overall, I really really enjoyed it, and while it's not as complete as Devil May Cry 3 as an overall product (I have the HD Collection on PS3), it was still a game that kept me coming back for more and more. Vergil's such a fun character to play as and Lady and Trish are really cool characters in their own right.Unfortunately, the game is still essentially only half finished, with the second half of the game basically repeating the first half, but in reverse. I didn't mind it as much since Dante and Nero played very differently, but it's still such a shame the game's an unfinished as it is. That said, this is probably an easy purchase if you're a fan of the DMC series/hack and slash games. Newcomers may want to think about it or maybe wait for a sale.I really hope Capcom learns from their mistakes in this game if Devil May Cry 5 ever happens because it has huge potential to be an absolutely amazing game. DMC4 I feel is only half an amazing game sometimes and that's a crying shame. I'm probably expecting too much from today's Capcom, but I really want to have faith. Hopefully, it will happen though, but until then, We Shall Never Surrender..."
,Recommended,329050,19403682,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,"B-A-B-Y, Baby",Should be called Devil May Cry 4: OP Vergil edition
,Recommended,329050,16661901,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Kurosaki,You shall know this devil's power.
,Recommended,329050,20163721,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,chairbender,"An great example of the hack and slash genre. I got introduced to this sort of game playing Bayonetta, then Bayonetta 2 and Wonderful 101. Despite some differences in the combat mechanics between this and Platinum hack and slash games, the core element that makes all these games fun is still there: a complex combat system and an invitation (and motivation) to master it. Playing through this game once on normal mode is hardly the full experience of this game. You will experience some sense of mastery of the mechanics, but you can get even more out of this by going for higher rankings, secret missions, playing as different characters, and all sorts of other stuff.That said, after playing this, I'd still say I prefer Bayonetta 2. First, I had issues with the camera during combat, which is especially problematic due to the presence of enemies that can charge at you or hit you from a distance. It's something that you can overcome with experience, though. Second, I was really used to the heavily dodge and counter based gameplay of Platinum games, and I felt that there wasn't so much of an emphasis on that in this game (at least with how I was playing). It doesn't really seem to reward you with anything (like Bayonetta's slow motion) when you dodge stuff, and I found the controls for dodging to be a little unpleasant. You have to press to the left or right of an enemy and press a button, and if you don't get the direction right you'll end up jumping up or back. Compare that to Bayonetta, where you can just press one button and any direction and you'll dodge. It adds an element of execution to the dodging that I didn't really appreciate. I didn't find any sort of counter mechanic in my playthrough (maybe it had something to do with Royal Guard). So, basically, I'm just saying this game is different than Bayonetta 2 in some ways I didn't like.Overall, if you like hack and slash games, you'll find there's a lot to get out of this. If you don't know whether you like those sorts of games, this might not be the best introduction."
,Recommended,329050,31637257,Posted: 8 May,all,Gepard Retardieu,"Well, i don't know how, but it seems that adding 3 playable characters to the game makes i 3 times bigger: DMC4-8gb,  DMC4SE- ~23gb of used space while being a little uglier, mainly because of the light.It's also somehow has worse optimalisation than standard game - on my computer DMC4 runs at 80-90 FPS on ultra settings while DMC4SE runs at 35-45 FPS on the same and even lower settings, yet changing resolution to smaller works fine to me.Despite all of that the gameplay is a masterpiece - fast, stylish, and skill requiring - and covers most minuses of the game, especially when played with Vergil. Definetely a must-have for fans of DMC. And if you're not (yet) fan of DMC I highly suggest beginnig with this one or DMC3 rather than DmC: Devil May Cry."
,Recommended,329050,16700563,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,AwkwardlyBrutal,I want a sequel!
76561198316528624,Recommended,329050,35456866,Posted: 3 October,all,ThatTopHat,Half the game is really fun.The other half is really funI also enjoyed vergil and lady and trishtherefore this game is 250% funthis game cannot existthis game is the work of the devil
,Recommended,329050,19952764,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Xalcard,"If you have played previous versions of this game, then there isn't much of a reason to get this version.  The addition of Vergil, Trish, and Lady is a nice touch, but I don't personally think it justifies a repurchase.  There is no new story content, you just play through the Dante/Nero levels with the new characters.  Overall, a very fun game though, especially if you have never played it before."
,Recommended,329050,16657926,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Sinoc229,"Wish they would've taken this opportunity to actually finish the game, but VERGIL"
,Recommended,329050,30746981,Posted: 26 March,all,Albert McWhiggin,"Have been a huge fan of the series and the gameplay did not disappoint.However, I wish they would have put in some cut scenes for Vergil, just going through the story without them was pretty unsatisfying.8/10"
,Recommended,329050,16658094,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,V27reaper,"This over 7old year old game just got revisted. If you have played DMC 4 before, and are a fan of the Devil May Cry series, then I am sure you already know and want this. The game is essentially the same except for the hype new characters, as well as some new costumes and alternate colors. The new characters play different and are very fun and feel like they belong in a true devil may cry game. New characters in a devil may cry game is the main thing any player would want as that is where the core of the game lies. This high octane action pack thriller just got a whole lot heavier. I highly recommend it, especially for the price tag of $25 (and you get a lot more than what other ""GOTY, definitive, remastered versions of other games give, and they usually stay around the $40 mark).The SE treatment to DMC 3 was so great, and this has pushed the limits.  This is nothing short of great."
76561198085232373,Recommended,329050,16657823,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,RavenousSlayer,"Great port of a great game. Devil May Cry 4 Special Edition is the definitive version of Devil May Cry 4. There are multiple reasons why you should play this especially if you love Devil May Cry and are a hack 'n slash fan. There are five playable characters each with their own play styles and moves plus multiple game modes to enjoy. The soundtrack is amazing but its expected from this series. The new modes and characters help keep this game fresh so you'll always have a reason to keep coming back. If you are a fan of this series, just buy the game already. You won't be disappointed. Happy demon slaying! (BTW the best reason to play this game again is simply because Vergil is back!)"
,Recommended,329050,16689007,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Dark Lord Fafnir,"Devil May Cry 4 was a game I played directly after Devil May Cry 3 Special Edition, and despite some hating the character of Nero, I quite enjoyed him. His style was a mixture between the power of Dante and the speed of Vergil, with the Devil Bringer giving him more versatility than the two.However anyone who has played DmC 4 originally already knows this. Vergil, Trish, and Lady all maintain their own respective styles that cause of each of the new characters to be unique and have their own capabilities. In short, they are all fun and I enjoy playing as each of them and don't have a hatred of any of them. In long, for those who are curious as to how everyone plays, here you are:Vergil: He plays similar to that of he did in DmC 3's Special Edition, he is a lot faster and weilds the same three weapons: Yamato (His Signature Blade), Foce Edge & Yamato in a combination, and Beowulf (Gauntlets and Boots similar to Dante's Gilgamesh) Each of these weapons are situational for whoever wishes to play, however a few things have changed. Yamato has grown a lot faster, and now you can buy different combos with it using proud souls, yet it maintains its base power of being capable of being the only weapon you use the entire game if you so wish.The Force Edge and Yamato combination attacks are also a lot faster, and instead of using Yamato during the latter half he entirely uses the Force Edge throughout the combo unless you buy a new one. It is a lot more powerful on the ground than in the air, forcing you to resort to ground gameplay if you wish to use it effectively, however it still is a useful weapon if you so choose to use it.Beowulf is ripped straight out of Devil May Cry 3 combo-wise from Dante's perspective rather than Vergils. Other than the standard combo, he gains Dante's Thousand-Kick (at least that's what i call the combo) and Rising Dragon uppercut, as well as the Kick-13 from DmC 1. You can also now charge the attacks if you so wish.The Main add-on of his gameplay is the Concentration Gauge. If you stay still while locked on to an enemy, land blows, or use his improved Air trick (which now is effectively Nero's Devil Bringer grab that sends Vergil Right to the enemy) it increases and the more it increases the stronger his attacks, however if you get hit, run, or miss attacks it will lower. (with getting hit effectively reducing it to almost nothing) When it is maxed out, he can use his ultimate attack (when you have purchased it) Judgement Cut with Yamato while it is maxed and you are in Devil Trigger, which effectively kills almost all normal enemies and devastates bosses. Overall he is fun to play if you enjoy the 'Speed Fighter' in video games.Lady: Her gameplay rather than relying on melee weapons is almost entirely reliant on guns, (which is to be expected for anyone who has played DmC 3) the ones of choice being Dual Pistols, a Shotgun, or her Rocket Launcer Kalina Ann. Her melee gameplay is lackluster, however she makes up for it with exceptional ranged gameplay. Her Main combo's come from her pistols, while her true power comes from the shotgun and Kalina Ann. Instead of a standard Devil Trigger, her DT gauge is for a massive Area of Effect attack that deals great damage when you have a full DT gauge. Despite this she is still fun to play with, yet not as 'combo-riffic' as the other melee fighters. (Or at the very least I am not the best at Combo's using her guns)Trish: The 'Dante' of the Lady/Trish scenario, her 'tricks' instead are powerful attacks with the blade Sparda. An opposite to Lady, she relies heavily on a combination of fast Bare Knuckle strucks and powerful Sparda slashes. Flashy and powerful, her great might comes from using the combination effectively. One of her most damaging and (in my opinion) useful combinations coming from her throwing Sparda much like the Round-Trip attack from Force Edge/Rebellion in combination with a bare knuckle combination causing her to (as I call it) break-dance across the area, dealing massive damage to enemies around within the round-trip tornado, or deal damage to enemies who aren't caught it its destructive spin.Overall, the Special editions content of new Playable characters is entertaining to play, and in my opinion it was worth the re-release. The only downside is that they only have a different opening and closing cutscene, no other additional add-ons in that case. But for a Devil May Cry game, that has never truly mattered. (In my opinion)"
76561198135521394,Recommended,329050,22747524,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,NightTrak,"I got this game on a whim and I must say I love it. The combat is fun, the game doesn't hold your hand at all, and the characters and plot are pretty good. The game plays incredibly, but I think you should use a controller for this game."
,Recommended,329050,34420988,Posted: 22 August,all,A_Runaway™ B.,Nostalgia Extreme
,Recommended,329050,16840552,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,『 N3PN3P』,"Vergil is OP, better nerf Greninja#VergilForSmash4No but seriously get the game Capcom did an amazing job with Vergil and the others. (Think of it as their apology for making DmC: Devil May Cry)"
,Recommended,329050,16661056,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Agx,"If you've played DMC4, You might think this isn't worth 20$.You'd be dead wrong. The new playable characters Lady, Trish, and Vergil all add lots of cuhrazy action to the game.Lady is especially fun, as she plays much like DMC3's Gunslinger style. With lots of powerful gunplay and stylish moves, she adds a totally new element to DMC4.Pick it up. Get motivated."
,Recommended,329050,16659944,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,ᴷ ᴼ ᴬ ᴸ ᴬ,Lady is the best girl.
,Recommended,329050,16838987,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,nero,^ㅡ^
76561198047806526,Recommended,329050,23281713,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,MA MA,This is truly an amazing game.
76561198063167777,Recommended,329050,16657642,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Raizer,"It's all great and everything, but I NEED MORE POWER!"
76561198165142888,Recommended,329050,23010475,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Grey_Insanity,Devil May Cry + lady = LOVE <3
76561198097184182,Recommended,329050,16664693,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Nave1027,"Okay I'm gonna start off by saying i love the DMC Series, they shaped my love of game. I bought this game a month in advance when i found out all i could go it count down the days. So lets move on to the Pros and ConsProsRemastered Gameplay.Weird slow-mo which i fixed by turning up refresh rate from 40 to 60Runs fairly good on a mid-tier GPU (I get nearly 60 FPS anywhere indoor and from 30 to 45 FPS in outdoor on High)Virgil is back and he is a all around badassTrish and Lady are now playable which add new combat styles.Tweaked system like the rating system and money system.and much moreConsThe remastered player models on some charecters make Virgil look like a hunk of painted rubberThe game has a 50/50 crash bug when you alt+tabif you dont crash on alt+tab and you return to the game youll need to turn off fullscreen and then turn it back on.The game wont allow use of mouse on standard gameplay (can be fixed with autoHotkey Script which you can find on steam guides for DMC 4 original)And last but not least...... Micro-Transaction. Why o' Why must they do this. Im not gonna lie they seem kinda overpowered for the price (Ex. two dollars nets you 300,000 red orbs, three dollars nets you 5 blue orbs, five dollars gets you Dante, Vergil, and Neros Super outfits.)"
,Recommended,329050,23534043,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Rui,"From the guys who brought you Drakengard 3, it comes as no surprise when talking about how unoptimized this game is. How they managed to mess up the perfect port that was DMC4 is beyond me. That game ran on my toaster laptop in 2010.New characters to play as, however it's through the exact same game you played through 8 years ago. Sorely needed content back then, and that hasn't changed. The new characters bring in some nice variety, but are either terribly overpowered (Virgil, Trish) or just don't feel right in a DMC game (Lady).Either way, still a fun game. While it is incredibly barebones, it still has the best combat in a Devil May Cry game once you hit Dante. The Japanese PS4 version is the definitive edition, but if you haven't played DMC4 yet, go ahead and give this version a go. Neat costumes, though some of them are DLC. Thanks Capcom.Grab it on a sale, great game, little content."
,Recommended,329050,16683863,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,ωHolyEvanω,- vergil is back and more OP than before-ghost demon hide behind the wall to prevent you from passing the area-finally some playable boobs-graphic imba till pc overheat12/10 would make my pc overheat again for playing this
,Recommended,329050,16658251,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Oppai Daisuki,"Same gameplay, Same Monsters New Combos, new Characters... Still a good Game tho...The only thing I hate on DMC series? My Thumb Hurts.. Like ALOT!!!  But still a thumbs up for it :)"
76561198066592649,Recommended,329050,17870962,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Miss Murder,"This is one of the hardest and most f***ing fun games. Especially once you get into the higher difficulties. (DMC3 being my top pick) Most of the combo moves from 3 are implemented in this which is really nice for veteran players.All of the characters are a blast to play. And I'd literally -squee- at all of the cool taunts everyone has. Vergil is OP as hell but still my favorite to play.Gameplay and framerate are awesome. I'm running 60 fps all the time.Sound quality is great even with headphones in.Graphics are decent too. Not too different from the original, just improved.All in all, this game is amazing.The only downside is that it still crashes despite all of the fixes I've done."
,Recommended,329050,30429524,Posted: 10 March,all,[DGR]Nero_Hunter,The Power Of SpardaPowerGive me more powerMore powerand he get kicked in the♥♥♥♥♥by dante in every game
,Recommended,329050,25923138,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Bastion Aralus,Protip: use the low graphics settings in combo with turbo mode to get a pretty decent fps if you got a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pc like me! :D
,Recommended,329050,19696976,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,FE-RN,"Pros:-Dante's Humor-Beat the living♥♥♥♥♥♥of a pope-Put all gunsman to shame-Dominate your enemy with lightning-Time-bending, space-warping slashes that'll send your enemies to oblivionCons:-DMC: Devil May Cry exists (Ninja Theory)-No Devil May Cry 5 announcementVerdict: Would break my fingers just to pull an SSS rank"
76561198039602752,Recommended,329050,19483463,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,arkadipl,"Hmm what can i say  about this game  it's just very very good  ;-story line it's very  good-graphic it's ok-characters are awesome (Dante and his humore)-difficult it's create  also niceI recommand to all players in every age  even if you don't like that kind of games,because you can't miss that game  ."
,Recommended,329050,20925126,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Powerful Tofu,"It's got Lady and Trish.  Oh, and Vergil.  I NEED MORE POWER!"
,Recommended,329050,22579305,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Princess Kitten,"I have been a fan of Devil May Cry and played all and enjoyed them. I love this version cause it introduces playing with Lady and Trish and the return of Vergil, all of them are fun to play and gets you a different experience, if you like DMC4 and haven't played them, I recommend it ^~^"
,Recommended,329050,16666797,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Uncle,"Would be groovy if Capcom added a little bit of effort to adding cutscenes for Lady, Trish, and Vergil for the missions. It's like you just walk into Agnus's test chamber, and then bam, he is just laughing at Lady while pushing buttons and stuttering. And then Lady is all like ""what the hell, man?!"" but she actually doesn't say that because there isn't a cutscene for it. Cashcom pls."
,Recommended,329050,16670749,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,MyNameIsNotSid,"just started playing the game, and i CANT put it down!! one of the BEST games i have EVER PLAYED 10/10this is so polarizing, this is the kind of game that you have to play it to believe how awesome it is! be sure to have turbo mode on from the settings and go kick some demon♥♥♥♥♥ :D"
,Recommended,329050,16654573,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Fish,"Not much better than the regular version, but a good enough reason for me to retread one of my favorite games.Improvements I've noticed so far include:AutosaveAdditional Costumes and CharactersSpeed ability doesn't take 5 seconds to activateDark Knight mode instantly availableMore hopefully coming soon"
76561198048703181,Recommended,329050,16656055,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Sir Cheeky,"Put 100+ hrs in DMC4 when I had it for the PS3. This game brings back those memories, and with 3 additional characters + Legendary Dark Knight mode it's well worth the 25€ I put in. Started a playthrough with Vergil, and it's fun to blink in and just smash things into the ground. Eager to see how Trish and Lady play out. I am a bit disappointed with the fact that Capcom wasted the opportunities to add new levels or a new campaign, and I would've liked to see more cutscenes with conversations for the new characters. The current cutscenes (at least with Vergil) involve little dialog (e.g. before boss fights), and don't have a lot of depth or things to make you even chuckle.Otherwise, great game so far for the money, 8/10"
76561198093589080,Recommended,329050,16656247,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Porta1945,This is the old DMC4 but with a whole lot of new stuff. It will definitely keep me playing for a few months!
,Recommended,329050,16656910,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Jake,"A solid game, although, mind the back tracking and the lack-luster story. Honestly just play for the gameplay, it's what makes it one of my favourite games."
,Recommended,329050,16657594,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,1000 degree fidget spinner,"Expected a bit more than 3 added characters, 9/10 because the original is just so damn nice."
,Recommended,329050,16668181,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Cobajonicle,+Trish is a babe+Lady is a babe+Vergil is incredibly OP and fun to play as+Nero gets a dope costume+Dante has always been the best thing about this game+Awesome optimization thanks to MT Framkeworks. Not as great as original game but runs well on most machines+One of the best action games EVER with even more stuff addedWhy are you still reading this? You should be in-game.
76561198045259648,Recommended,329050,16669167,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Akemenos,"This is very fun. For a return of another special edition, this is amazing. I love playing as the multiple characters. Vergils combo's are all more streamlined and fluid since he was last playable. Getting to play as Lady and Trish is very fun as well. I havent had any FPS issues some people are saying they have, might have to check some hardware or windows type. But so far in the small amount of time i have played this (1.8 Hours when i made this) its been really fun and well worth the pre order for it. If your a fan of the series and have been contemplating it, I say go for it."
,Recommended,329050,16669735,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Unlimited Coffee Works,"I posted a sort of in joke for my reviews of DMC4&3, but I'm going to actual say things about Special Edition.The Good: The game itself is DMC4 but better. Along with the three extra characters, some bugs have been fixed and the drop rate for Proud Souls and Red Orbs (Items used to enhance your characters) has been more than doubled from the original. And if you for some reason don't like the changes, you can enter a code that restores the balance of the original version, while still having access to the new characters and costumes.All three of the new characters play far, -far- differently than Nero and Dante, and Vergil plays a bit differently than he did in DMC3, but not in a bad way - He has a few unique mechanics and far more options.The graphics have been improved noticably, making the game look even better, which is a feat considering how well the original aged graphically.The Bad: The enhanced graphics do terrible things to the framerate, or so everyone thinks - Framerate in general is a crapshoot, some people with PCs better than mine are getting worse FPS than I am, and a few with -worse- PCs are somehow getting better. Most people are blaming this on a few of the new graphical effects, which most people don't seem to like anyway.It's not even that the framerate is -bad- as much as it is DMC4 was known for being absurdly optimized to the point where modern laptops with built in graphics chips could set all of the settings to max and still get 60+.  I can't claim to have a very good PC, but even I was getting 120+ FPS, and that's with a rather outdated, low-tier when it came out video card.If you're already a fan of the series, and you don't have an XBOX ONE or PS4 to play this on, the PC version will work, it's still really fun even with the awkward performance. I should note that none of these issues seem to happen on the console version, and the game has been out for PC for less than 24 hours as of me writing this, so there's hope that Capcom will be able to patch these issues."
76561198113312957,Recommended,329050,16670300,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Miew Miew Fish,"Even through Vergil don't have his own story but I still enjoy this game, I regret nothing"
,Recommended,329050,16679256,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Mognes,"Nostalgia aside (though I get a lot of it when playing this) this really is a great game. A lot of people complain a bit about the backtracking, but if you played the original DmC trilogy when they first came out as well as this one, you would understand why it was designed that way.As far as ports go, this is definitely a good one. Controls feel fluent, they added a ""PC Settings"" in the main menu and you can even change the FPS cap (which is something not even all PC games have)Definitely worth picking up if you are into this style of gameplay."
,Recommended,329050,16683362,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,PREY,"The best Devil May Cry game in my opinion and this is the best version with extra playable characters and improved graphics. Runs great at max settings with msaa x8, I get almost 120fps constant. Well worth the price."
,Recommended,329050,16683367,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Bynoe,"+ Vergil: has the potential to be highly technical with powered up just-frame attacks and lots of cancels+ Lady: unique stick and move playstyle with strong projectiles+ Trish: easy to pick up with insane lockdown and combo potential+ Still some of the deepest, most rewarding combat of any character action game out there+ Has aged surprisingly well and still looks relatively great+ Amazingly well optimized- Still gotta deal with backtracking and repeated boss fights (which is exaggerated by the new characters sharing the same campaign)- You have to unlock everything again (unless you wanna pay out the♥♥♥♥♥for microtransactions)- There are hardly any new cut scenes"
,Recommended,329050,16685704,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,R4NC1D,"Awesomely fun. The Special Edition installment of Devil May Cry 4 is truly a force to be reckoned with. Feuturing 5 iconic playable characters, It's all-out war against the Demons. Even if you owned the original DMC4, this is DEFINATLY worth getting. Dante, Nero, Vergil, Trish, And Lady are all so awesome and fun to play as. This is a hell of a chance for fans of the series or genre to have a devilishly good time. It may not have as many PC options as other games, but there are or will be plenty of easy workarounds (mine being Turbo mode to account for low FPS on my low-end machine).This game is, without a doubt,Smokin', Sick, STYLISH!So go on, Let Go The Devil Inside, Hunters!"
76561198193328807,Recommended,329050,16689699,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,BIG BOSS,If you've already played DMC4 then you know what you're getting into. No new areas or that many new scenes BUT A great new cast of playable characters. Vergil is insanely fun to play as and learning how to git gud with him is even more so. May not be as good a port as the original but it still runs great if your specs aren't too old.Motivated/10
76561198195317807,Recommended,329050,16690612,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,MissyMidna,"Absolutly love this game. I pre-ordered it and got the lady and Trish outfits plus the ones for the sparda twins. Playing as Vergil I expected to be a challange, but surprisingly it was really easy to use him and I killed off most of the bosses fairly quickly, same goes for Lady.I was upset to find that Vergil did not have his own storyline but whateavs. Still I am really happy I bought the game. So worth it."
,Recommended,329050,16690886,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,xtr3m3fx,yeah...best gameplay...i'm waiting this for a long timethank you capcom  :)
,Recommended,329050,16681319,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,R0LLc33,~Devils Never Cry~5 STAR GAME!
,Recommended,329050,16668648,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Sir Isopod,"A few thoughts, as a hardcore fan:Overall:---Suspiciously easier than Vanilla, which was an already pathetically easy game. Even Nero clears enemies faster than in Vanilla on the same difficulty levels.++++Is DMC4 but with 3 more characters. A hardcore fan's wet dream!+/-Casual fans will hate that the new characters do not have unique campaigns nor cutscenes.+Hardcore fans will be laughing at how badly the aforementioned Casual fans are missing the ♥♥♥♥ing point. WE GOT THREE NEW CHARACTERS TO COMBO WITH IN BLOODY PALACE! WOOOOHOOOO! (Now all we need is for someone to update SpoilerAL so we can get some God Must Die up in here!)Vergil:-Hardcore fans will hate his unlimited Grim Tricks.-Casual fans will love his unlimited Grim Tricks-Hardcore fans will find him too obscenely powerful-Casual fans will like how obscenely powerful he is.+/-His toolset is far more versatile and wellrounded than his DMC3SE outing.-Too offensively focused. I would gladly trade a considerable amount of firepower for a bit more defensive versatility.Trish:+Puppetmaster character-Very limited puppetmastering.-Too Offensively Powerful.-Not a single defensive ability other than the standard side-roll.+/- Moveset based on her DMC2 appearance, Vergil's Beowulf from DMC3, and Dante's DMC4 Swordmaster.-/+ Very simplistic mechanics (Due to her moveset's basis in DMC2)-Dante's levels only---But there's still Bloody Palace!Lady:-Too Offensively Powerful+High Damage attacks are behind long windups.+/-Charged Shotgun O.P.+Gunplay is very fun.-Gunplay is very O.P.-Nero's levels Only---But there's still Bloody Palace!-Only defensive moves are standard side-roll and roughly ~10 iFrames on her D.T. activation.--------------------------PC Port Quality:On a scale of DMC3S<<<<Trash<<<<Skyrim<<<<DMC4/MGS5:GZ I give it a:Skyrim---Numerous performance issues, micro-stuttering, and uncustomizable stylistic choices. (Heavy Motion Blur and DoF unable to be turned off)Graphics settings limited from original release (Vanilla supported x16Q MSAA. DMC4SE Only supports up to x8)"
76561198054778061,Recommended,329050,16668675,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Saf,"Smokin' Sick Style makes a comeback in silky smooth 60 FPS.The sheer amount of new content added to this game via playable characters honestly makes the value of this game leaps and bounds beyond the tiny $25 price tag.LEGENDARY DARK KNIGHT MODE! (Hordes of demons for you to carve up around every corner in true stylish fashion)Vergil is every bit as awesome as he could ever be.If you have ever once loved a Devil May Cry game, you owe it to yourself to play this.10/10 amazing quality Devil May Cry experience."
,Recommended,329050,16669882,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Fatcat214,"It's Devil may cry 4, but special!In all actuality, this is a steal for 25 dollars. DMC4 was already a solid game, and adding more characters just made it better. If you need your fix of cuhraaaaazy action, look no further."
,Recommended,329050,16751613,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Eiggy,"Devil May Cry 4 was on of my all time favorite games, this new version is the same game but better!Any fans of Devil May Cry or action games in general should purchace9/10Pros-New Characters and Game modes add to the replayabilityVergil is amaizing to play asThe new cutscenes have great graficsA better version of an amaizing game!Cons-Lady's gameplay is a bit boringNo new story for the new characters except for opening and closing cutscenes"
76561198002908310,Recommended,329050,16746532,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,a-elnajjar,SSSmokin' Sick Style!
76561198056119280,Recommended,329050,16655617,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,matrooshi4ever,"its devil may cry 4 with extra stuff :D what can go wrong ? i love  it, huge fan of the devil may cry series and this was like a big treat that just pop out of now where. a must for DMC fans."
,Recommended,329050,16655857,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,GiLneration,I have found my motivation!
,Recommended,329050,16656489,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Fossilfern,Its like Arkham Knight but it works.
,Recommended,329050,18715708,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Marvelous Bacon,"Like DMC4, but with more stuff"
,Recommended,329050,16818432,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,SharkGamer,a SmokingSickStyle!!! game+now we get BOOBS! 10/10 TITIS
,Recommended,329050,16823609,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,enterprise9001,I just got done fighting Credo.My arm and hand hurt like hell.11/10 would put on a wrist brace again.
76561197994340598,Recommended,329050,16937400,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,HelpIveBeenShot,Why haven't you already bought this?
,Recommended,329050,16859527,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Simple geometry,"I am the bone of my Yamato.Sparda is my father, and devil's power's in my blood.I've been motivated over a thousand times.Unknown to scum. Nor known to foolishness.Have withstood pain looking for worthy opponents.Yet, I know that might controls everything.So as I pray, Unlimited Motivation Works."
76561198068154676,Recommended,329050,16722250,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,RaYaN~ღ,Devil May Cry® 4 Special Editionis The best Welcome back Virgil :D
76561198045328483,Recommended,329050,16715313,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Jondo,"Dont get me wrong the game is great, But youd think with ALL that time they had to do this they could have given Vergil his own story line. But nope your stuck doing the same thing you no dougth did 50 times when this game frist came out. And to add to that you got some wonkey controls as you try to do things Nero does with out Devil bringer  it just feels werid def could have done a better Job.... DMC4 was a great game when it launched and it still is now its worth the money if you have never played it before  and maybe even if you have just to play as Vergil*shurgs*"
,Recommended,329050,16710588,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Killhaloring$,You can finally fight Dante as VergilAlso they finally have an option to exit special missionsWorth it
,Recommended,329050,16697720,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Desx,Was fan of Devil May Cry since beginning. love the actions and storyline.with add on Vergil character make it more interesting.
,Recommended,329050,16705496,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Diafol,"This game is like DMC 4, and thats becuase it a remake of DMC 4, but with one major difference... Nero costume 2. This new costume COMPLETELY changes up the game, by making Nero look cooler. But, it isnt without its flaws, such as motion blur and no palette swap for Nero costume 2. Overall, very fun game, would play again, but have to give a 9/10 due to mentioned issue with no Nero costume 2 palette swap."
,Recommended,329050,16707689,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Zlare,The game every devil may cry fan dreamed of :)
76561198002771687,Recommended,329050,16701235,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Diabolus Ursus,"This game is pretty straightforward. It's the same 'ol DMC4 with three new characters to play. I'm not going to bother with critiquing the story or level layout; those have been done to death in other reviews. If you liked playing DMC4, you'll like playing this.+ Three new characters that feel unique and change the way you play substantially.+ Less annoying to get through, due to an increased rate of Red Orb and Proud Soul gain.+ Alternate costumes are decent.+ Gameplay feels just as crisp as it did eight years ago, if not a little more so.- Alternate costumes are unlocked from the start.- No new music for additional characters, from what I can tell. I think this part♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off the most.- Annoying blur effect that currently can't be turned off.- This port is nowhere near as optimized as its predecessor was.There are many things that DMC4:SE could have been. There are many things that we wanted it to be. It isn't any of those things, but the game makes that clear from the start. If the store page has sold you on this game, get this game. You'll enjoy it. If you haven't played DMC4 and you're not trying to run it on integrated graphics, get this game. You'll get more out of it.Don't get this game if you're hoping it will ""fix"" problems with DMC4, or you want to hold it to a different standard by expecting it to present you with something new the way a sequel would. You'll be disappointed.Motivation/10"
,Recommended,329050,16706803,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,pickle rick,"Pros: Awesome story, cool combos, diffcult(deeping on if you like hard games)Cons: Horrible camera and we max out the characters to be in devil mode with full health for a few bucks"
76561198079732776,Recommended,329050,16728140,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,itachi12596,"Worth every penny for the three new characters, all of which who handle very, very differently (Particularly Lady). I get that  the lack of story for the new characters kind of sucks, but lets be honest; It's a remaster, not a remake. They buffed the graphics, added some characters, and probably some other stuff that I'm forgetting about. Plus, this is Capcom. They're not known for being really... let's say supportive of certain franchises like this one *cough*cough*Megaman*cough*. And while I'm on the subject; letting people pay for things they can unlock without paying does not qualify as DLC. I understand that the people who already unlocked everything might not want to unlock everything again, but there has to be a better way of helping them get around that. Remember the little ""on disc DLC"" incident? Maybe it's just me, but this seems like the same thing."
,Recommended,329050,16735576,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,AlchemistMayCry,"Should be named: Devil May Cry 4: Everything We Forgot to Include in the Original Release Edition.What New Stuff You Get:Three new playable characters (albeit running through the same missions as Dante and Nero, and with only one or two unique cutscenes made specifically for the game)More polished graphicsBonus costumes for all characters (not including super costumes. All five characters have three total costumes)Steam Achievements, Cloud saves, trading cardsWhat they didn't change/add:Dante still runs through Nero's levels agains backwardsNo additional story tidbits from Vergil's campaign (Sorry fans, looks like you'll have to wait for that english translation of the artbook for confirmation that he's Nero's daddy)Fixed camera angles still exist (Would it be impossible to add in a free camera in all areas?)Battle music gets incredibly repetitive.The ugly:Unnecessary microtransactionsRecommendation:This is the definitive edition of Devil May Cry 4. While the level design might not be perfect, you'd be hard-pressed to find another spectacle fighter with such polished mechanics. Play it for the combat, skip the story, and then go into the Bloody Palace with the heaviest metal you got and slay demons.Let's Rock, baby!"
,Recommended,329050,16738730,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,SamTheMolester,this is my favourite game ever
76561197991206408,Recommended,329050,16738841,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Mo_55,"The game is definetly a fun experience. The gameplay doesn't bore me even though backtracking is dependant to break the 10 hour playthrough. The presentation is outstand and a joy to watch from a gameplay and cutscene standpoint.Whilst Nero is DMC's Raiden of MGS, it gives the narrative a fresh direction, whilst still hanging on to the familiarity of Dante. So it works well.Overall one of the better DMC games in my opinion. The Special Edition doesn't add anything for story but with the playable characters and other goodies it's gonna keep hardcore fans occupied for a long time.8.5/10 - Top Tier"
76561198120226217,Recommended,329050,18778374,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,АНАЛЬНЫЙ КОЛДУН,SMOKIN' SICK STYLE/10
76561198119567781,Recommended,329050,17087620,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Onion Sucker,Carpal Tunnel Simulator
76561198065287920,Recommended,329050,25335828,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,dsagent,Knock a bro into the air.Shoot em a few.Slash em a few.Slam them into the ground.Never gets old.Not the best in the series and the writing is cringy at times but what we have is Devil May Cry with sexy as hell framerates.
,Recommended,329050,19947153,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Kremdanieko,Great game with loadsa stylish action. Only downside is you'll be playing the same levels at least six times.Worth it!
76561198059697244,Recommended,329050,21483804,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Blueman8305,"First, Fair Warning, Get a PC controller. Playing DMC 4 with a Keyboard and Mouse is like trying to play Chess with the contol's of a particularly advanced airplane.Second, Prepare for one of the most fun, over-the-top action games you will ever play. It's the best DMC game in the series, And the special edition only helps make it an even better experiance.Oh, and the DLC is all stuff you can unlock in-game. Cause Crapcom."
,Recommended,329050,24164919,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Haypa,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)10/10"
,Recommended,329050,26920864,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Helix,It's crazier than the original.
,Recommended,329050,25794399,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,BattelMatter,its kinda disapoitning they didnt add any dialog or intros to the boss battles in the diffrent variants to the game e.g virgil and dante. just feels like maybe even one quick line as the battle starts would have made it more emmersive
,Recommended,329050,27581530,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,FakeDVR,"Remastered version of Devil May Cry 4 with Vergil, Trish and Lady as playable characters. Fast paced, S-S-Stylish and addictive gameplay. Can be a little hard for people who never played this series before. Main story(Nero/Dante) is good, story for Vergil and Lady\Trish is just a recycle of a Nero/Dante story, but gameplay wise it is great too. Good buy if you never played the original version, also it's on sale now(26.11.16).Controller is recomended."
,Recommended,329050,25783224,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,bennywolf1991,This game is a ton of fun. High replayablity value and Turbo Mode is crazy. Although it also has some frustrating moments as DMC4. It highly reccommend this one.
76561198119753073,Recommended,329050,28018652,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Richter,"Already played the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game on 360 so wasnt sure if it was worth getting again on Steam, but the special edition is a whole different game in itself. Really enjoyable playing as Vergil and Lady. Had a lot of fun with this one. Buy this over DmC: Devil May Cry. Its WAY more fun."
76561198035531737,Recommended,329050,27182088,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nemesis,this game bring the hack in slash games i love dmc and i love if i was able to buy the soundtrack or make ot come with the game so i can do what ever i want with it :D
,Recommended,329050,25269906,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Thots,"A 8 years old game.8  Y E A R S  O L D and its so ♥♥♥♥ing great!+Combat system.+Combo system.+Bosses.+Diverse Characters to play, with unique gameplay each.+Skills.+Graphics.+Soundtrack.-DLCs (personal.)"
,Recommended,329050,24201422,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,「L'Empereur」,"As someone who was initially reluctant to get into the franchise, it's saying a lot when I say DMC4SE is one of the best experiences with a game I've had in a good while, possibly even my whole life. I had heard so much hate about DMC4 and I never got why as I played. Maybe because I didn't know about the game when it didn't have all this extra content. To start, Plot is mediocre and it's not really a spoiler as you'll see it coming from a mile away: religion gone wrong. Nero, the game's protagonist, is honestly more like a lesser Dante voiced by Johnny Yong Bosch as you see how he's full of himself too. I once read someone joked Nero and Kyrie, the damsel in distress, were ripoffs of Ichigo and Orihime from Bleach. … With the same actors and Kyrie resembling Orihime, that joke... wasn't too far off. Dante and company in Devil May Cry are, of course, trying to deal with the problem directly. The interactions between the Super Cool Dude and the New Kid are pretty funny and endearing.With that out of the way, gameplay is absolutely fantastic. It WILL get repetitive, mind you. But it takes awhile to actually feel boring. Nero introduces the Devil Bringer as opposed to a trick button or anything of the like. It simply reaches out and grabs. That simplicity adds so, so much for stylish combat, as integrating it with your techniques feels beyond satisfying. On top of that, Dante is playable. It's no surprise given how he's the face of the franchise. Dante has a total of five styles, and they're all on the D-Pad now. Dante is VERY hard to get bored with as opposed to Nero due to SO MUCH in his kit. Vergil's playable, as promised and plays as expected: you do better if calm and get more damage out of it. I didn't find Trish interesting, but Lady is the first in the cast to focus majorly on firearms, which was a really cool idea and one I'm glad they didn't think to changeMusic is... repetitive, not as good as 3's. The Time Has Come gets old very quickly. Sworn Through Swords is really good, so it gets a mention. Graphics look nice and areas have just enough space to either feel open as they should, or claustrophobic like they want. Although, if you don't have a strong enough potato, you'll find yourself at 15-20 FPS. There's a fix that removes motion blur to help, but you'll have to find that yourself.There's so much to do in this game playing five characters total, having Bloody Palace open for all of them, along with varying combat abilities for each of them. So many difficulties that I don't have the skills or heart to go through in any of the games unfortunately.All in all I utterly adore this game. I even enjoyed Dante's portion which many found lazy understandably for reasons you'll have to see yourself. It's a really, really good game with glaring flaws that can pass. If you never got DMC4, get this. Even if you did, get this anyway. Vergil makes it worth. If you've never played any of the other games, pretty much everything involving Dante will confuse you. If you don't care and just want a good action game, get it.Get it, get it, get it. I can't say that enough."
76561197982997342,Recommended,329050,16691004,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,tarnuzer,"One of the best hack ""n"" slash games out there. Now being able to play Lady, and Trish, made this a no brainer to buy. The only way this could be better, would be to add a cut scene with a nip slip. One thing I didn't like was running it in a window. The game crashes when i try to go to comp settings. Did search for ini. file, opened file, and switched full screen = off, to on."
76561198101104975,Recommended,329050,16694180,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,InsanerBrainer,Devil May Cry 4 Vergil Edition is the best entry in the series. Until we get DMC5 of course.
,Recommended,329050,16696837,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Ash†aroth,"Looks amazing on 2560 x1440p just add Nvdia 3D Vision and the game really comes to life. Though at the time of writing this the 3D vision rating is ""unknown"" but to my eyes it is beautiful looks better than the previous dmc4 specially with the upgraded textures. Even without Nv 3D the game looks fabulous with no problems. My only gripe is that I have to start from scratch but its all good. For $24.99 its a very good game eventhough it was ""remade"" at least its not $60-80. Have yet to tryout all the characters but damn Vergil is Imba as always. Lastly the additional characters and content make this a good buy in my opinion"
,Recommended,329050,16704881,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,bravoguns,"Coming from a die-hard Devil May Cry fan, I can say I was pretty stoked for this game. Playing as Vergil was one of my favorite things in DMC3. And to play him again in DMC4? Well my excitment was through the roofs. I pre-ordered the game and played it on the day of its launched.However, the game didn't live up to my expectations, why? Well first I'll start with Vergils campaign - there is none. Granted I'm still at Mission 07, and this could be subject to change. But when you start the game, you recieve a cutscene stating that the game takes place decades before the original DMC4 would. The cutscene then goes on to Vergil being badass by slaying demons. After he kills them all a crowd comes out and passes him, with one random female looking his way after he walks by. What happens next? Absolutely nothing. There are no cutscenes, there is no plot. Hell, even the map doesn't change despite the game taking place decades before the original game.Which proceeds to my next complaint. All the levels are customized as if they were still for Nero. There are some objects that you're meant to use Devil Bringer to obtain. Yet you can not, as Vergil is unable to reach them. For example in Mission 06. When you first enter the underground level. You'll see a Vital Star on the other end of the pathway. Which you can not reach due to an invisible wall. And while I'm on the topic of Mission 06. The first Agnus boss fight where you need to break the glass that seperates you from him. Normally you'd use Devil Bringer to chuck Gladius demons at the glass. With Vergil? You just wail on the glass until it breaks. If there's another way, please inform me.Now I know Capcom never promised Vergil to have his own story line nor have they commented on it, but the opening cutscene is a bit of a tease. But all-in-all, would I recommend this game? Yes, that is if you love Vergil. Right now I'm enjoying stringing his combos together and feeling awesome while doing it. And after this I can't wait to go through with Lady and Trish, then finally Dante and my all around favorite character - Nero. All I can say, is don't come into the game expecting more than just new characters."
76561198038137532,Recommended,329050,16707250,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,BRRRRRROCK LLLLLLLESNARRRR,"Okay so at first I thought this game ran like♥♥♥♥♥♥ but once I figured out the problem all was well. There's not really much I can say that others haven't. This is one of, if not the best, action games ever made and now it looks nicer and has even more content and its less than half the price of new games now. If you like action games and this isn't in your library then your doing it wrong."
,Recommended,329050,16708362,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Zaymond,"+ 3 new characters (5 playable characters in total)+ Runs well+ Turbo mode+ Buying this could help make DMC 5+ Not locked at 30 fps+ Not $60+ Not pulled from Steam- Not much story for the new characters ( I recommend going through the game with Nero/Dante for your very 1st playthrough)- For me, making the game full screen is pretty weird to do- Still has that problem with the levels at the midway point of the gameOverall : 9/10If you loved DMC 4 years ago, chances are you'll like this as well."
,Recommended,329050,16711930,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,The Grime Minister,"I cannot applaud this rerelease enough, the new lighting and shadows look fantastic. Mechanics have been tightened up making the game play smoother and faster. The new playable characters are diverse and interesting and the game runs on high at a constant 60 frames for me, on a reasonably outdated video card.This is still Devil May Cry 4 with the same story and mission structure, so if that bothered you the first time round it's probably going to bother you here too.If you haven't played 4 before or want to revisit it like me, this is hands down the best way to do that and at a pretty damn low price point too."
76561198040061699,Recommended,329050,16714484,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Fir3Flow3R,"With the release of DmC: Devil May Cry, its easy to think that Capcom had forsaken its beloved action franchise. However the release of Devil May Cry 4: Special Edition definitely sees a revitalization with the series we've all come to know and love.This title is loaded with bonus content that ranges from additional replayability in the form of new characters all the way to artwork. By far the most anticipated feature in the game is the ability to play as Dantes twin brother, Vergil. Speaking from personal experience as a seasoned DMC veteran, I can confidently say that Vergil is an absurdly powerful character, but simple game mechanics hide the true depth of his gameplay.In addition to Vergil, Trish reappears as a playable character and Lady makes her debut here. Trish is a much more control oriented character, using the Sparda to keep enemies at bay or pull them in, and her lightning attacks stagger enemies in place allowing her to land some heavy shots. Lady on the other hand, being a human, relies on her gunplay to get the job done. Wielding dual model 1911 pistols, a shotgun and her trademark rocket launcher Kalina Ann, Lady can keep enemies at bay with relative ease before blowing them to kingdom come with a barrage of missiles. You would think that a character with little to no melee attacks has no place in the DMC family, but rest assured, Lady is just as Stylish as the rest of them.While the new characters are a nice breath of fresh air, the overall game itself leaves a little to be desired. Even with the updated graphics, there are no new levels to the campaign, and some (including myself) might feel a little shafted that Vergil, Lady and Trish do not have separate campaigns all their own, complete with all new levels and possibly enemies.In the end, what we have is a true Devil May Cry game with loads of bonus stuff to do and play around with. Just like DMC3SE before it, the game adds very little when it comes to new game modes and a lack of new levels, but the sheer amount of content that is laden within this game far outweighs the sins that it can possibly commit.I highly reccomend this title to any and all gamers."
76561198003516200,Recommended,329050,16654908,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Light SG1 Stargate Command,Really good game love <3
76561198140395931,Recommended,329050,16656485,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,ThePretender,The best Devil May Cry game so far.
,Recommended,329050,16669403,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Wimpy,"Only downside to this so far for me is no new stories for the characters, but I expected as much. Anyways, still a game, and this version is pretty good, since you get to play as Vergil, and he seems the most fun. Either way if you're a fan, make sure to pick up a copy in hopes that Capcom will finally make a smart decision and get a 5th one out."
,Recommended,329050,16716316,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Doodle Dan,Love it! One of the best game in the hack and slash genre! It is super good throw back and it's a worth buy!
76561198031944134,Recommended,329050,16732654,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,itchcrotch {PLX},"I was a big fan of the original release, and it's great to be back with some pretty substantial editions. Lady, Trish and Vergil all have their own, pretty in depth combat systems. It's good variety.But what would a rerelease be without some inexplicable screw-ups? While the original still works fine on my system, there's a bit of an issue while running. While holding the joystick in a given direction, the character will constantly switched between running and walking speed, making it a real pain when I'm in a hurry or trying to avoid enemies.And very occasionally the game will stop responding for about ten seconds and then everything will be fine again.Hardly deal breakers, and I don't know it might only be on my system. Still. It's annoying."
,Recommended,329050,16657428,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,AcidUnleashed,Yes it is the same game but I love the graphics and not only that it runs a whole lot smoother plus all the new content is just plain awesome.  I see complaints about how you could play the previous version fine but cant play this one on low settings. Well duh its an overhaul graphically and with tons of new content. You cant expect the game to run like its original if they claimed to have worked on it graphically and content wise. Either upgrade you pc or shut up its got low recomended settings so theres no excuse why it can not work.
,Recommended,329050,16658891,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,QuadICE,"The most complex and satisfying slasher game there is.+Great characters and overall plot+Challenging combat system+5 playable characters with their unique weapons and movesets+Amazing visual effects-Some game mechanincs are not thoroughly described in-game, so you'll have to discover many features on yourself (just like in Dark Souls series)-Horrible platforming sections-No mouse supportOverall - this is a must have for slasher games fans."
76561198043311290,Recommended,329050,16667118,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Tremor Dominus,"So this is a great and bad game in several ways. If you have never played any version of Devil May Cry 4 then I highly recomend picking this one up.So lets start off with the cons of Devil MayCry 4: Special Edition.*New Cons*-You have to play through the dreadful campain several times with the good modes only becoming playable after you have beaten it once or twice Legendary Dark Knight difficulty is an exception to this and THANK GOD because its an amazing gamemode.-Level Progress does not transfer over to other characters you want to play. For instance, I can play Vergil all the way till level 12 and then deceide I want to play as Trish. I would have to start all over again on a new campain. It's a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥but its not the end of the world.-The Special Edition looks better than the past version....but is incredibly more gpu intensive for whatever reason. I have not heard anyone complain about massive slowdowns or anything but instead people who would get 200fps on the old version no only average around 60~ or so. It looks slightly better but not enough to justify that level of intensity.-Couple of new underwhelming cutscences for the new chracters that arent even worth mentioning.*Old Cons*-Story is pretty lame even for a Devil May Cry tittle-Level Design loops back around....litterally-Same repetive music track over and over and over and......-Bosses really arent that incredibly well designed*New Pros*-ERMAHGAWD the new characters are amazing. The quality control of these playably characters are incredible. Each of them are absurdly unique with there own little niche and advantages.-Great Skins are great. Some are underwhelming and there arent that many but they look great and show up in cutscenes as well.-Legendary Dark Knight mode is just everything you want from the game. Hard as♥♥♥♥♥♥and enough punching bags that you dont get bored.-After you unlock Bloody Palace you can play all the chracters anytime you want which reduces a lot of complaints about the story.*Old Pros*-Game looks pretty decent even by todays standards.-Cutscences are interesting.-Nero is a great addition to the party which gives us a nice break from Dante's charming but over powered ego.-Great combat and leveling up mechanics. Essentially dont get hit. Button mashing might work sometimes on the regular enemies but button mash on bosses and you're gonner.-Great varients of difficulty.Overall Devil May Cry 4 is a great game that you may place once and enjoy it; or play it again because you have completly fallen in love with the game."
,Recommended,329050,16669375,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,vexatiousIdler,"You played Devil May Cry 4 before? Good, buy this. You ain't played it before? Buy this. It's DMC4, which by itself is a good game, but WAY better. Buy it."
,Recommended,329050,16656490,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,E to the G,"Undoubtedly the best version, adds 3 more playable characters to the game and Capcom actually bothered to make them feel unique too! (Vergil plays very differently than what he did in DMC3:SE).Graphics have been slightly enhanced and the new motion blur effect makes combat look incredibly smooth.But the big question: Is there enough here to make you buy the game again if you have already played it?For hack 'n' slash enthusiasts and DMC fans, absolutely. The cuhrayzee combos will keep you coming back over and over again, you will easily put in 100 hours before you master all 5 characters.8/10"
,Recommended,329050,16657315,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,TimeLord,"Only downside is the lack of story cutscenes for the new characters.Other than that, no complains. Solid 70fps even during heavy combat. Beautiful graphics, new characters are fun to play (so far, not gotten to Trish yet) and still having fun years after the original.But Vergil, oh Vergil. Aren't you just so glorious and OP."
,Recommended,329050,16657771,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Jeffery Windas,"No doubt that DMC4 is a very good ACT piece. As for this kind of SE, I can finally play Lady and Trish who are the charactors I want to play most. But now I still cannot get use to the operations of Lady. It's a bit difficult for me and, Vergil you are so COOL!"
,Recommended,329050,16665268,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,cozmo,"Well, damn. This is really, really enjoyable, especially for a Special Edition/remastering of a game. In all honesty, I'm enjoying this much more than I enjoyed Devil May Cry 3 Special Edition. Improved graphics, 3 new characters (which aren't just carbon copies of other characters, by the way [aside from a couple of recycled moves, but they fit in perfectly with each character's moveset, Vergil has a move from DMC3 that Dante uses!]), and a couple of new cutscenes. Vergil is absolutely overpowered, but he's fun as hell to play as (while still being a little bit broken). Worth the 25 dollars. Seriously, if you're thinking of getting DMC4, spend the extra five bucks and go with the Special Edition. You won't regret it.However, this game isn't really optimized for lower-end graphics cards (unlike DMC4, which can pretty much run on a toaster), so you might have some issues getting 60fps if your card isn;t that great. I used to be able to run DMC4 at nearly 900fps. Now I'm barely passing 180. Not much of an issue if your card is good, but you might want to make sure your card is good enough to run this game decently."
,Recommended,329050,16669225,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Vortikai,"Classic Devil May Cry! Way more fun than the previous installment, DmC, with updated visuals. Not excited about the letterboxing for 1920x1200 resolution, but it's bearable. That's actually my only complaint, really. I am hoping for a Devil May Cry HD Collection on the PC/Steam soon, but this is tying me over well!"
,Recommended,329050,16669760,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Coolthulhu,"My prayers have been answered, my favorite hack and slash series lives again with a re-release giving me options I never thought would have been available to me. I can now play as Lady and Trish, and apparently Vergil is still alive. Mind blowing and worth the buy. Sure, there might be an issue or two, but the FPS tracker is handy. The skins are a nice touch, and on top of it all, it kicks the piece of garbage DmC in the nuts by undercutting it by five bucks. If you are looking at this review after seeing the original devil may cry 4, You should just get this game instead. It's essentially the same, and the extra five bucks is worth the extra gameplay and extra features."
,Recommended,329050,16670137,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Loogie,"Still one of the best action games ever made, but now with more content. Only thing worse about it then the original is the optimiztion, they put on a motion blur effect. Screen tearing has been fixed though, so I'll take the trade off."
76561198048908940,Recommended,329050,16670836,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Rile Slapcheek,The Time Has ComeI also think I did tooWatch out the first 3 rows are going to get wet.
76561198071641793,Recommended,329050,16671182,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,toprock,This party is gettin' crazy!!!p.s. if you're new start with nero/dante so u actually understand the story
76561198196590589,Recommended,329050,16689664,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Hex,"Worth every penny.Playing as Vergil is mad insane. They changed a few things like summoned swords and his ""Trick"" moves. They were really annoying to me at first as I'm used to DMC3 Vergil, but you'll adapt quickly and the new changes have their own reasons and strengths.Lastly, learn to jump-cancel."
76561198165146124,Recommended,329050,16691208,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Dopey,Kick♥♥♥♥♥all day with no complaints. Gotta love this one becuz all the characters are OP out especilly Vergil !!!
,Recommended,329050,16691850,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,PREDATARRRR,"What still confuses me about this game to this day is, if The Order of the Sword worships Sparda as a god, then why would they be so desperate to kill his son? Oh well, the action's good."
,Recommended,329050,16699084,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,[ADG] SY14,"Exactly how you remember it, with tons of extra content. Only dislike (and I had this complaint about Devil May Cry 3 Special Edition as well) is that with the new characters, you don't get new levels. You are just playing the Nero/Dante story with the new characters. They give you an opening cutscene, and I got my hopes up for new levels. No such luck."
,Recommended,329050,23414302,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Ærialvas,"The first time i played the game, i thinked about doing a negative review, because the first time you play it ( In normal ) there are only 10 enemies to kill and a boss or the end of the level, it felt really boring compared to the elders one ( The 3rd is still the best ♥ ) the first time you play it, you can easily get lost and bored, but when you play it once again in an harder difficulty and you know the map, this game is insanely good, i'm actually playing on Legendary Dark Knight and i enjoy it compared to when i was playing normal ( Devil Hunter ) where i was bored every level except the last ones, now in Legendary Dark Knight, it feel really like i'm playing a Devil May Cry game ♥The only thing you need to enjoy this game is to play to any difficulty above Devil Hunter and everything seems better."
76561198334742723,Recommended,329050,34399650,Posted: 21 August,all,PLEASE KILL ME,C MON WIMP
76561198084660301,Recommended,329050,28392543,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Alex-M10,"The story, gameplay, enemies, bosses, main characters. I love everything in this game. I'm already good at it, but I can only play until the difficult LDK or Legendary Dark Knight, DMD is also good, SOS too, they're hard, especially LDK. But I'm too slow at Hack and Slash games, but at least neither I die nor use any items. I also don't like to repeat the attacks a lot of times.Ps.: Vergil is too freaking OP!!!!1!10/10"
76561198053439954,Recommended,329050,17413387,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,It's not slander if it's written,Bloody Palace has never been so fun!
,Recommended,329050,16727242,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,topgunLT1,"awesome, action packed, hack and slash game. The amount of gameplay content is very high, the best in the series, especially considering the tones of gameplay hours that u can spend on 5 different characters, some old and some new. This is the DMC 4 Special Edition, the HD remaster of the 2008 DMC 4 game that featured a new character nero alongside the franchise champion Dante. This time in special edition, Capcom has added 3 new playable character to the game, 2 of which (Lady and Trish) were already part of the DMC 4 storyline but weren't playable, and the other is non other than fan favourite vergil. Vergil features newer move set than that featured in DMC 3 Special edition, not to mention all 3 characters have their own openings and endings (with trish and lady sharing the cutscene :D ).Now about the gameplay :Those who know the DMC series will find this to be really satisfying to play and master. Each new characters feature tonnes of new gameplay mechanic and combos that makes the returning DMC 4 players something to keep engaged. Vergil especially has been reimagined properly in terms of his gameplay. He is far more satisfying than the DMC 3 vergil although this version shares the same art style (with HD textures/model) of the DMC 3 vergil.Lady brings a whole new style to the DMC franchise, ranged gameplay. Her ranged offensive power play is really fun to play as, especially when she's the only character who doesnt have a DT, so health regen is really a problem for her unlike other characters. Trish is also fun and features massive area of effect damage play style than others.  Very good for the ""Legendary dark knight"" mode's hordes of enemies that fills the screen.PerformanceI run a old system that can run most games in average graphics and DMC 4 SE didnt trouble me at all in terms of performance . Considering it to be a remastered 2008 game i didnt expect to cause problems other than few game crashes here and there as i alt+tab or pop-up the steam interface (its weird) .TL/DRreally great game coming from DMC series, tonnes of gameplay hours for those hard core gamers. Pretty much same content, enemies and bosses. Except for the new playable characters (Vergil/Lady/Trish) there is no other change. The game saves Automatically which saves lot of button presses and precious time :D. 2-3 additional skins for all playable characters (including the pre-order bonus skin).Would recommend this for any hack and slash fan, especially to a DMC fan :D"
,Recommended,329050,28679998,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,vkhai.tran,The best hack and slash game ever!
,Recommended,329050,35284542,Posted: 28 September,all,JoestarKim,"Not enough Vergil in your Devil May Cry 4? Then this game has you covered! That, and other great additional features make this title a worthwhile purchase - especially if you're into stylish action games."
,Recommended,329050,16669548,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Rexxel,Get ready to work your finger hard again :D
,Recommended,329050,16661431,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,zeta307,"Basically a character pack with some new textures, but the game is still brilliant, level design issues aside."
,Recommended,329050,30856435,Posted: 31 March,all,Lona,"Honestly, after playing it for more than I should have, I have to recommend this. Combat is fun and fluid, plenty of characters with different enough movesets to pick from too. Music is pretty decent for the purpose.That said, it still has major flaws. The biggest one is that it's repetitive. Basically after completing half the story mode you're made to run all the way back through the same areas again. Sure it makes the campaign longer but only for duration's sake. The story is also pretty bad itself, but you don't buy a Capcom game for the story.Overall I'm a big fan of DMC3 and this comes close in my opinion, especially with the Bloody Palace."
76561198033433095,Recommended,329050,26098174,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Thefougère,I'AM A DEMONSLAYER !!! SSS
,Recommended,329050,16802901,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Conbon,As an avid DMC player throughout the years this is by far one of the better remakes that I have seen. This provides so much replay ability with multiple characters to do it on. For such a cheap price this game has been made into a spectacular thing. It has brought me back into the game with the incredible update on graphics that it truly needed. Therefore spend your money and dont ever regret buying this game.
76561198160971966,Recommended,329050,32958798,Posted: 28 June,all,Obiwanbulgogi,"Nero - not so fun but easy to playDante - more fun and more difficult to playVergil - insanely fun and way more challenging to playPlot is lame, repeating levels and bosses shows real lazinessCombat is great, gameplay is great, add'l chars add a lot of replay value (and yes the characters play completely differently from each other)Don't get DmC the reboot, get this instead. A great hack n slash before Bayonetta came out. Sorry, she still takes the cake IMO"
,Recommended,329050,33018878,Posted: 29 June,all,Some Black Mage,"Pros:Excellent controls, very tight and preciseMultiple playable characters, all of which are strong enough to hold their own and still remain uniqueRuns very well, extremely low spec requirementsLooks better than MvC: InfiniteDecent soundtrackBonus: Vergil is a playable character.Cons:Short Campaign, even with backtrackingVery frustrating when you screw up your combo (not really a con but still infuriating)No difficulty above Normal availible until completing the game on Normal."
,Recommended,329050,16661911,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Domhnall,"""Show me your motivation."""
,Recommended,329050,16837545,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Sleepingbio347,"The only con i could find about this game, is that it makes me want to get my hands on Devil May Cry 5 even more!"
,Recommended,329050,29952677,Posted: 15 February,all,Cloud,One of the best action games ever in my opinion. The combat music won't get out of my head!
76561198240590004,Recommended,329050,28221056,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,小蜜哟,"This game is really great, whether it is from the character action, combat effects, fighting process is very perfect; for me it is a belief in the level of the game, support, hope to do more better."
76561198061810085,Recommended,329050,16996282,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Expired Nep Bull,"""Jackpot!"""
,Recommended,329050,27271142,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Despair,It has Vergil
76561198028490594,Recommended,329050,18814872,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Chunk Spadoodie,"Devil May Cry 4 Special Edition is like a can of Cola. Its taste can sting a bit, but it is also short and sweet, making you want to drink another can, and everyone can enjoy it.What I'm trying to say is that this game is very good. It's the only game I've played that severely kicks my♥♥♥♥♥but not so much to the point where I don't want to play it anymore, and trust me, that's not an easy thing to pull off.I've already played through the game five times now, and I am already on my 6th playthrough.The story might not be deep, but at least it isn't cringeworthy, and the gameplay is some of the best out there, not only allowing both noobs and vets to have a good time, but rewarding you greatly for doing better.The final boss is a bit easy though. Like, really easy.Either way, take it from me, get this game instead of DmC."
76561198145006887,Recommended,329050,17968606,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Rogue Chrome,still made me feel BADASS even after all this years
,Recommended,329050,27740102,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Brunoluiz15 (惡魔獵手),Best game EVER
76561198028845835,Recommended,329050,16689034,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Griseus Lupus,Vergil is awesome. The entire game is awesome. It's just great to be experiencing some new content in a REAL DMC game.
76561198061826664,Recommended,329050,16870423,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,xXLoVeXoTaXx,I Love This Game and the Original Series of Devil May Cry
76561198069690797,Recommended,329050,16862112,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,DuRuaRuaRua,"I love Kyrie !!!Well, more serious review may be added later ~"
,Recommended,329050,17409740,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,ϟ Sparky the Jolteon ϟ,"Devil May Cry 4 Special Edtion is another excellent entry to the series. You again explore the island of Fortuna and hack-and-slash demons along the way on your quest to stop a corrupt cult leader from destroying the world, but this time, you can play as five characters (Vergil, Lady, Trish, Nero, and Dante) instead of two (Nero and Dante).Pros- Smooth combat, even with a keyboard- Responsive controls- Updated graphics that appeal to the eye- Amazing atmosphere- Five characters to play as- Great story- Another astonishing soundtrack by Tetsuya Shibata- CostumesCons- Unnecessary amount of motion blur that cannot be disabled and makes the combat sluggish for those who don't have a strong processor- Only four new cutscenes for Vergil and Lady/Trish. Nothing changed whatsoever to the story besides the final level for those three characters.- DmC: Devil May Cry's Dante color scheme as a costume for Dante. Would of been better if his EX costume was a Nero color scheme to fit the color-swapping theme featured within all EX skins.- Game does not feature multiple save files like the original DMC4. Not a huge issue, but I'd kinda like to start a new file while still keeping my fully-upgraded, main file.All in all, this game is a great buy for those into or starting out with the DMC series. The story might be confusing for new players, as it takes place after the first and third games, but it's still a good game to own."
,Recommended,329050,23249807,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,DMPPM,"Vergil, nuff said."
,Recommended,329050,16660420,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Geno,"So far, so good!Positives:-No frame drops (Average of 110-120fps)-Proud Souls are much easier to obtain-3 new characters-New cutscenes-Actual costumesNegatives:-No manual saving, meaning that the game autosaves into a single slot-Grim Grip is still a bit wonky in Mission 3-No new battle themes-No new missions (The new characters just replay the old missions without any cutscenes).If you're a fan of DMC, you should definitely buy this game!"
,Recommended,329050,16660944,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,TwistedRail ♠,AHHH DEVIL MAY CRY IS BACK THE WAY I LOVE IT WITH DANTE AND VERGIL THE WAY I GREW UP WITH AHHHH♥♥♥♥♥♥I'M GONNA CRY LOVE THIS GAME
76561197986825786,Recommended,329050,16655954,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Eveless,Now I`m motivated!
,Recommended,329050,32891203,Posted: 27 June,all,Teo,Hey that's pretty good.
76561198142260191,Recommended,329050,17707826,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Дядя Слава,"I love classic DMC. Because of that I was interested when I heard about this reedition.And after finishing story for Vergil and 11 mission in LDK difficulty I think, that Special Edition is new breath in classic DMC. Vergil is interesting hero with own battle system. Techniques are modified, strikes looks better than ever. And ""Judgment Cut End"" is AWESOME. But after third use of this ""push 2 button to win"" the beauty of strike not attract.In story for Vergil creators don't use new formuls. Players, who played in SE of DMC3, understand it. But it's not new game, but special edition, thats why that more than enough."
,Recommended,329050,16658763,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Borsch-man,Show me your motivation![Rapid Slash Intensifies]
,Recommended,329050,17700544,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Prinny!,"If stylish over the top action is what you want that what devil may cry is about. DMC4 is the easiest for those new to the series to get into, and for veterans you can play immediately on legendary dark knight mode as well as the 3 new characters right off the bat.This game is really fun!"
,Recommended,329050,16654092,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,squishepie,"I love the game, everything is beautiful, but I'm having an issue of everyone being just a pair of floating eyes and accessories..."
,Recommended,329050,17012681,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Kazama 風間 飛鳥 Asuka,"It's Devil May Cry 4 with some tweaks. New characters are fun, but could have had more work done on them. At least Lady/Trish as those two are the ones I played the most. For $25 it's not a bad pick up for Devil May Cry fans, or anyone that enjoys combo based gameplay. I recommend for anyone that enjoys actual Devil May Cry. Not the remake which only leeches off of the name... Devil May Cry"
,Recommended,329050,16664432,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,The Lewd Wizard,"Good game. Worth it just for the Nero and Dante, back before the special edition. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ DLC."
,Recommended,329050,26084577,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Unity-Chan,"The actions, swords slashing against body, the stops between every move, shaped to perfection to let the players fees the power of the sword/Devil Arms. When DMC4 was first out, people didn't like it, but hell, looking back, I love it, maybe not as classic as DMC3, but 10 times better than DmC.This is the real action game."
,Recommended,329050,25161949,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Daniel™,"Another masterpiece, if you guys are looking for a Devil May Cry game on PC, get this one, DMC3SE is poorly ported.In my opinion DMC4 is just as good as the 3rd, so my review of the 3rd installment of the series is the same as this one.The only difference is that this port is good, while the port of the 3rd game is one of the worst ports ever.This is also a much more beginner friendly Devil May Cry game if you're looking to start.IMO : 10/10and of course people who like the reboot downvote this, smh."
,Recommended,329050,16661018,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Perfect Storm,Old school fun but new
,Recommended,329050,16677935,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Vicious,It's DMC4 just better. What else do you want?
76561198077524793,Recommended,329050,16690397,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,ONE PORN MAN,I always get weird erection everytime i play this game as vergil!
76561198170192685,Recommended,329050,16732690,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,xXThatguy275Xx,I love the fixed gameplay and the brand new characters are VERY GOOD
,Recommended,329050,16656789,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Senator Cthulu,"Remember that game you played in 2008 that ran really great? Well, it's that, with more content. Perfect character action game, that leaves you wanting more. Played this back on the 360 and it feels good to finally get a real DMC game after all these years. Hopefully, this leads to DMC 5, if Capcom actually lives up to all the good things they've been doing recently. Good to have you back, Dante!"
76561198043246437,Recommended,329050,16667456,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Sex Luthor & the Legion of Poon,"DMC4: Special Edition is a fantastic game that only adds more to the already robust 2008 action game. The new characters all have brand new mechanics, and all play uniquely. The graphics have been touched up, and the combat has some minor rebalances, but the exploits that gave additional depth like Guard Flying and the Lucifer Exstacy glitch are still in.Special Edition adds new costumes for Nero and Dante in addition to having 2 for all the new characters respectively.My only gripe is that Capcom added DLC that, while cheap, has no reason for being, such as additional Souls and modes that can be unlocked, and only serves to let you skip content that is already not a hassle. Vergil's air trick being unlimited use seems kinda outlandish, too, but fun.Overall, this game is a must-have for any action fans, and its combat is still the paragon of what an action game should be.Motivation/10."
,Recommended,329050,31668366,Posted: 10 May,all,Frisolino,Doesn't make you as motivated as DMC 3.Still better than Donte may cringe
76561198063827791,Recommended,329050,16753574,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Ceelo Bakugo,"Lady is so hot, dam girl is fiiiiinnnnneeee.....and Trish's bouncy♥♥♥♥♥♥OMG.....DMC4 10/10"
,Recommended,329050,16660554,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Szechuan McNugget Dipping Sauce,"Waifus, Swordfus, and Gunfus. What's more to want? Vergil."
,Recommended,329050,32810985,Posted: 26 June,all,DREADward The Hazardous,"i want a devil may cry thingy where uncle dante and nephew nero are watching some saturday morning cartoons, and trish is making the gang some delicious homemade pizza, and lady...well i have no sh*tting clue what she would do but stilli just want the gang to be comfy and happy is that too much to askLADY IS BEST GIRL AND #1 WAIFU F*CKING DEBATE ME"
,Recommended,329050,16655664,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Zajas.,"Ah wait this version of the game seems to be more reliant on cpu speed and not the gpu like the vanilla version, now I have to crank the processor speed up instead of leaving it at 1.6ghz, damn lol.Nevermind, but still that♥♥♥♥♥♥need directx11 at least in the future"
76561198035891469,Recommended,329050,29995871,Posted: 17 February,all,dublinboy03,"Please note: at time of writing, I have only played the base game and Vergil's playthough, and I'm going through Legendary Dark Knight as Vergil. So I have no informed opinions of Lady and Trish. However, I believe I've seen enough to make an adequate review.So, this is my first Devil May Cry game. I've played games with various degrees of similarity to the series and had a blast, so I decided to jump in. It was a good decision. As such, this review will be aimed at newcomers of my variety.Level design: As any newcomers may have heard on review, the base game is only part-done due to only having a few environments and nothing new for Dante in the base game. Fortunatly, this level design is really good. It has neat touches   designed to ease you into mechanics you'll see later and are as fun to traverse as a game of this genre should be. Whilst there is the much-maliagned backtracking, at least on this phase each level for Dante, with the exception of his last level, has a gimmick that changes things up in some way (mostly around some penalty for tardyness), so whilst the environments are the same, at least the experiance isn't.Enemies: Again, there are sadly a small number of enemies. Again, happily, they are fun (or at least interesting) enemies to fight. With the exception of two, each enemy has a normal version and a bigger, more dangerous version that fights similarly, but not identically. They appear less frequently and are often there to boost the challenge of a situation. The two exceptions are odd, since because of how one of these enemies works although they are the same enemies that behave the same way, them appearing in the same area makes it more like the more dangerous versions.Bosses. There are seven bosses. They are each unique and challenging with their own unique strategies, and are annoying to fight in exactly the way a boss should be. However, you fight each multiple times. Fortunately, it's a little different each time, so that's nice.Nero: the posterboy of the base game, and a nice way for newcomers to get in. He has three attack buttons: Blue Rose (gun), Red Queen (sword) and Devil Bringer (grappling hook/enemy stand). Each does it's own thing and is used for particular purposes. He has a small moveset, but it's a useful one, and stylish, thanks mostly to the Bevil Bringer.. Plus, in the base game, by the time you want more...Dante: Far and away the character with the most moves. Dante has six weapons to contast Nero's three (counting the latter's magic arm) and four uses for the third attack button. By using specific button inputs (D-pad on controllers) you can switch Dante between four (eventually five) styles on the fly. Trickster (grants a dash and limited teleport), Swordmaster (gives Dante a second melee attack button), Royal Guard (grants the ability to block and parry) and Gunslinger (give Dante a second ranged attack button). The ability to switch these is key to Dante. Dante's fifth style is spoiler-y so I won't go into much detail, but it's pretty limited anyway. For refrence, Dante's weapons are: Rebellion (Longsword), Gilgamesh (Gauntlet and Greaves), Lucifer (Exploding... Spikes?), Ebony and Ivory (Dual Pistols), Coyote-B (Shotgun) and Pandora (Transforms, but is usually a rocket launcher of some description. Standard attack for usual attacks,  gunslinger gives screen-nukes when enough damage is done with normal gunfire)Vergil: Dante has the most moves, but Vergil's no slouch - plus he's way more streamlined... and badass. Whereas Dante has a style and weapon combination for every scenario, Vergil has only four weapons - Yamato (Katana), Force Edge (longsword), Beowulf (Gauntlet and Greaves) and Summoned Sword (summons swords in a number of formation). He also has only one style - Dark Slayer.But oh, what a style and weapons. Yamato is fast and variable, able to deal good damage in most situations. Force Edge is a bit slower, but is good at early setup for combos or payoff for an opening. Beowulf is slow but does a lot of damage. Summoned Sword are like Ebony and Ivory mixed with Pandora, but better in every concievable way. The multiple attacks of Pandora with the speed of Ebony and Ivory. They can surround Vergil or his enemies, rapid fire or rain down on foes. And, as they manifest around Vergil, not held or thrown by him, he can unleash Melee attacks and ranged attacks at the same time. Dark Slayer has two effects - concentration and teleportation. Concentration improves your attack capabilities (for example, giving Yamato more reach), but neccesitates that either you maintain a constant stream of damage or stand around not attacking enemeis to build it up. Running, missing or worst of all getting hit reduces concentration. At full concentration, and in Devil Trigger (explained in a moment), Vergil can use Judgement Cut End. This basically deals huge damage to everything in front (and some things behind) Vergil in a very flashy manner. A nice way to finish bosses or fights you just don't wanna deal with. Vergil can also teleport to any enemy that has a summoned sword imbedded in it that isn't behind a wall.General: All characters generally work by having range being weaker, but safer than melee and having Melee being more powerful and cooler looking. And that is vital - you are judged partially on how cool you look. Repeating the same attacks is generally less good looking (except for the occasional DBZ Vergil teleport combo or basketball game with lesser demons), so you are encouraged to switch things up, which makes the game more fun. Additionally all characters (except the pure human, Lady) have access to the Devil Trigger. This generally buffs the character hugely - for Dante and Vergil it's a general buff, wheras Nero (since he can put enemies in stunlocks with ease), gets a massive DPS increase. Plus, all these characters feel good to play (though, as you may be able to tell, Vergil is my current favourite), and a lot of that is how excellent the animations and controls are.  Everything is responsive and does what you tell it to, and you know what to tell it to do very diagetically.Story: A fun little romp for Dante and Nero. I won't spoil it, but for what it is it's decent. Unfortunatly, the new characters gameplay and story are incongrous with each other, and that story is barebones anyway (Vergil's is basically ""one day Vergil went for a stroll around Fortuna. Demons died. Nero happened (possibly). Vergil left. The End, cue DMC3"") and the gameplay is non canon at that (Vergil has weapons he gets over the course of DMC3 before it happens).Soundtrack: I have no idea what genre of music this is, but it fits perfectly in this sort of game.Overall thoughts/TL;DR: An excellent game, if one with a lot of untapped potential. Gameplay is more than solid, it's diamond hard and fun as you could want."
76561198072130946,Recommended,329050,30226032,Posted: 27 February,all,[XIII] D-P3nZ,In my opinion this is the absolute pinnacle of the DMC franchise to date - and here you are getting the most complete version which includes Virgil as a playable character (which is worth the price of admission alone!) as well as Trish/Lady (not as fun but certainly an interesting change in gameplay/strategy). Given the price point now as well I think it is the perfect time to dip for DMC veterans and a great jumping off point for newcomers alike..! When I bought the original for the PS3 I was a little disappointed with the rehashed bosses and locals but given the additional content of the special edition and the revised price point I can't complain now. Highly recommended... Get it while it's cheap guys! An absolute steal..!
,Recommended,329050,16666942,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Director Bison,best motivation simulator of 2015best KYRIE!!!! simulator of 2015best whip it out and thrusting simulator of 2015best Heterochromia simulator of 2015best i look like your mom simulator of 201510/10would be motivated again
76561198077690436,Recommended,329050,21923013,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Franss the Coffee Addict,"To be honest, I'm dissapointed to be amount of content that was added to the game compared to the original game. However, If you haven't purchased the original DMC4, and look for a adrenaline-filled hack-and-slash, this is a game for you. Even the difficulty is the same as before - well, somewhat.You might be wondering, why am I dissapointed to this to this game, since my reason for it is the content. Well, allow me to explain:First off, while the new characters bring new life to the game, all they did was they created Vergil, Lady and Trish, nothing else. Capcom didn't even bother making new levels, new bosses OR new combat soundtracks for new characters. Trish, Lady and Vergil's mechanics sure all solid, but my interest well apart at the time I was doing my first playthrough as Vergil. If you have watched the intro of Vergil, you can hear the soundtrack playing in the background that highly resembles the second fight against Vergil in DMC3. THIS SONG AINT HEARD ANYWHERE ELSE. The only ones you hear as Vergil and the rest of the new face smashers are the battle themes of Nero, Dante, and of course the songs you hear in boss battles.How about the good things?The combat system is still there with more stuff you can pull out since new head smashers were introduced, and the deepest and -maybe- the hardest to master Dante's combat style and it's also one of the most enjoyable ways to play. Vergil's playstyle is also a thing I enjoy lot - nothing beats the feeling when you nail that Judgement Cut final at the end of huge combo.Difficulties. More difficulties to choose from. Well.. only one but it's bloody awesome and it's called Legendary Dark Night. More enemies to beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of but you will get destroyed if you haven't pumped enough adrenaline/coffeine/Dorritoes/Dew in your body when facing of large hordes that can fill up your whole screen.Besides of music, the missions.. they aren't different in anyway. You will encounter same enemies in same missions in same places as in the original, Nero/Dante story. Even when starting the story of Lady/Trish, It could have began outside of the Devil May Cry.However, even with these complaints, I recommend those to purchase this game if they don't already own the original version. If you do own the original, I'd consider buying this when it comes out for sale, if this ever doesWell.. you can always buy this game because it has Vergil.... Right? Are you now motivated?.Also, DmC's Vergil story should've been something Capcom should have checked out. While it's not perfect, it's certainly NOT in the same levels as when playing the Dante's line.Cheers"
76561198070248045,Recommended,329050,21862773,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Grimmjow__6,"This game is just brilliant, if you wish to make use of your fingers every second of your life perfecting combo's with the baddest♥♥♥♥♥characters you can ever find... Then you've bought the right game my friend :) Enjoy everybody!!!!"
76561198147290276,Recommended,329050,31833474,Posted: 18 May,all,Bobo,"Highly Recommended!!!Despite the bad rep that this game got back in the day, it has mature underlying themes and wicked gameplay! The story is not for the immature who don't know much about the real world, as it talks about abuse of spirituality and power through manipulation.Combat couldn't be more stylish, deep and aesthetic at the same time. It is clear that it is made with love and care. Kobayashi et. al. are very talented indeed so thumbs up for their effort and attention.Art direction is sweet, cinematics are high quality and the coreography is top notch even though it's a relatively old game now.If you are not into the story, I guess you can always play Bloody Palace but you'd be missing out on a lot of great content and wisdom. However, if I were to evaluate the game as a whole in terms of art direction (music, graphics, voice acting), gameplay and story, I'd rate it a good 9.0 out of ten.EXTRAS:Special Edition comes with extra characters and deeper and more sophisticated content. You don't need it to enjoy DMC4 but it doesn't hurt to be able to have some extra fun with characters from previous games."
,Recommended,329050,16661212,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Nobody,10/10 ARE YOU MOTIVATED?!
,Recommended,329050,16666907,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Kurea,"You know with the name devil may cry you might know what you are getting one of the best hack and slash games, but with the special edition you get the addtion of Lady, Trish, and Vergil to play as.with the combat mechanics still following the style of the previous version of dmc 4 just with some new twists and updates, with vergil with his concentration bar, to lady with all her gun play it adds some fresh new style of gameplay and diffrent takes on the combat and with the Legendary Dark Knight mode being avaible from the start making it abit more of a challenge if you are a returning dmc veteran and dmc 4 vet and wish to give yourself a nice challenge at the startthough if you are new to dmc ill say this the camera angles may or may not annoy youid say its worth picking up for a first dmc since it isnt too heavy on lore or anything and it also has a history of dmc anyway in the game so you can still learn about devil may cry as it is, it of course has its issues with minamal video options say with the bloom they added but it dont affect the gameplay too much id say its a 9/10"
,Recommended,329050,16663839,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,LazyRemnant,"After seeing Arkham Knight launch day screw-up, I was worried that DMC4SE might also have some problem at launch as well. It seems launch day problems are so common these days.It turns out my fears were unfounded.Capcom has always been doing a good job with PC ports ever since vanilla DMC4, and therefore I am happy to report that so far the game runs perfectly well with no hiccup whatsoever.Constant 60 fps should be easy to achieve even on a, say, 2010's computers, given that the system requirement don't change much from the original 2008 game.Since playability/quality of a port seems to be the hot topic right now, I'll just leave the actual review of the game itself to other players."
,Recommended,329050,29984697,Posted: 17 February,all,Zed1406,great gamenice plot (if you know what i mean but not too much)nice storynice combat system (even greater if you got joystick/console controller)
76561198027038417,Recommended,329050,31734768,Posted: 13 May,all,sevenix.zp,"I've played all the DMC games and this one happens to be my favorite.The combat is better than DMC (the reboot), but probably not quite as good as maybe DMC3. However the graphics are obviously much better than DMC1-3, and I love the music in this game (especially the opera... and I usually hate opera). Unfortunately the story of DMC4 is no where near as good as DMC (the reboot), but regardless I like the characters here more. Nero and Dante are very badass in the cutscenes in this game. In DMC (reboot) they tried to make Dante seem badass, and they succeeded for the most part, but the character animation is actually better here in DMC 4. I think it is mainly the camera angles in the new DMC that ruin it for me; for example when you destroy the cameras in the new DMC, the animations are weird and the camera angles make it hard to even follow Dante's movements, making him seem kinda iffy to believe as a badass warrior.If you want a good action game with solid, fast paced, and fair combat, definitely pick this up."
,Recommended,329050,16854496,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,rassmusseum,Great remake that improved the visuals while adding fun new features such as new characters and game modes.  Definitely worth it if you're into the genre.
,Recommended,329050,16882243,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,JJ24,AMZING GAME 11/10 May Be Better Than Half Life 3.
76561198090507201,Recommended,329050,16895498,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,kcuf ffo,Great game10/10
,Recommended,329050,16908122,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Arti?,"Honestly one of the best entries in its genre. Still suffers from a lot of the flaws the vanilla version of the game had, but the combat is still among the deepest in any game I've played mechanics-wise.If you own the original game, it's definitely worth upgrading to this one. Vergil, Lady, and Trish are all really fun characters, and they're basically the whole selling point"
,Recommended,329050,16974238,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Saytuna,Please make Vergil in the next Devil May Cry 5
76561198122048388,Recommended,329050,17103225,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Scourge,adding 3 amazing additional characters (with taunts) to a perfect game what more could u want :D
,Recommended,329050,17666988,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Grizzle fo Shizzle,How can a game have the best gameplay in its series yet have the near the worSt level design/pacing also.NOW IM MOTIVATEDalso the bosses blow♥♥♥♥♥in this game
,Recommended,329050,17028914,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,S.H.D | Ghost,Miss this hack and slash series!! the comeback of this game is awesome!
,Recommended,329050,29998392,Posted: 17 February,all,Karis,"The most stylish, fast paced action game I've ever played. Would recommend"
,Recommended,329050,23773198,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Zappy Boi,"Vergil + Infinite DT + LDK Mode = HappinessThat's a simple recipe of this goddamn hell party11/10, will be motivated again"
,Recommended,329050,16671743,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,SuCu,Game is better than i expected run's perfectly. Yeah system req. is bit higher than before but it really look's good with combo effect's.I do get 300fps with the old ver.and 120fps with this one (Everything at full setting's)Don't complain about itit's one of the best action style based game now.
,Recommended,329050,28097506,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Tallcat,Excellent spectacle fighter. Cannot recommend enough for anyone who enjoys action games. I love the diverse cast with their unique playstyles.
,Recommended,329050,16799480,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,L'Enfant Terrible,Vergil is OP as ♥♥♥♥.10/10
76561198011671244,Recommended,329050,16878936,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,george47mathew,"For a mere remaster, this game has MORE content even though its just a remaster.You get to play 3 different characters with VERY DIFFERENT movesets and thats more than enough for a remaster and you got DLC costumes too that appear in cutscenes too.The Graphics is certainly not bad either, especially in this remaster its been refined and looks better in high res.Not bad for a remaster........much better than DmC remaster definitive edition that dont give more content and just some graphic refinement which is not that noticeable.There is a clear hint in this remaster game that DMC5 is in the works!"
,Recommended,329050,16669377,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,FrillyPantsu,Lady is the best girl.
,Recommended,329050,24462365,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Prince,Nero: Kyrie!Dante: Hi.Nero: Demon?Dante: Bye.Nero: Now I'll chase you!Agnus: I has sword.Nero: It's mine now.Dante: Hi.Nero: Dante!Dante: I need that sword.Nero: NO IT'S MINE YOU CAN'T HAVE IT SPDQPXZXOPXOQX.Dante: Okay.Nero: IT'S NOT OKAY. Let's fight... TO THE DEATH!!! *angst**Fights*Dante: Are you okay?Nero: WHY AM I NOT STRONG ENOUGH?Dante: Keep the sword you're pathetic.Nero then follows his path to become a legendary super hero who saves the world from its' darkest hours because Dante is a good uncle.
,Recommended,329050,34426774,Posted: 22 August,all,Verdantil,"Tags: 3PHS - Third Person Hack & SlashTLDR: Most up to date, definitive edition of Devil May Cry 4. Would not launch I took several steps to fix and ended up with a pleasantly working product.1) I disabled Steam Overlay, VR, Cloud Sync2) Verifying game files would return everything okay but game would not launch.3) I went into settings and changed the download Depot from my location to Japan and redownloaded from scratch4) Game launched successfully after that without having to tweak a config.ini file or mess with hex editors5) Game was still quiet and the integration between in-game sound and windows sound was clunky so I advise putting sound higher than necessary in windows before launching since the volume slider maxes out fast in-game and you are better off lowering it from max once in game*Note: Some people report all kinds of varied issues. One I am still concerned about is the reported inability to finish missions later on but I have not played long enough to duplicate that problemBasic setup: Win10.RyzenPolaris"
76561198152626032,Recommended,329050,33469856,Posted: 11 July,all,Zerokingfull,I'm still waiting for Devil may Cry 5.....
76561198181383129,Not Recommended,329050,25071087,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,尸口巾,can't play in fullscreen and crash when i try to change the resoulution
76561198045859202,Recommended,329050,16654099,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,kalbidi,"Lady is love, Lady is life."
,Not Recommended,329050,18905708,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Lucian,Do NOT buy this game if you have windows 8 and above.DX 10 setting wil get you crashed randomly and theres known fix for it.
76561198278513723,Not Recommended,329050,34870956,Posted: 10 September,all,wncm,random crashes on windows 10
,Recommended,329050,25379578,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Hawk_Eye,Nice Game
,Not Recommended,329050,34533606,Posted: 27 August,all,chronic mediocrity,"These problems might be just specific to me but the game just wouldn't work at all. The framerate was dogshit and my mouse would go off the screen onto another monitor. I was really hoping to relive one of my favorite ""childhood"" games but my pc just doesn't like it."
,Recommended,329050,16660877,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,DarkCassa,NOW IM MOTITAVED10/10
,Recommended,329050,20635032,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Shootergod(GM),"A very good action game, highly recommended! Virgil is th best and strongest Demons in the game so far because of his skills and power are literallly too OP that you don't even need a good skill to beat enemies. Trust me! :) But he's an underdog because he's a villain,sigh! Still this is a great game so far."
,Recommended,329050,16662052,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Archer,Motivated/10
,Recommended,329050,29782879,Posted: 8 February,all,memen_918,glorious nippon steel/10
,Recommended,329050,23697741,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,ТЫ ДОЛЖЕН МНЕ ЖИЗНЬ!,"ːyellowbeatːDevil May Cry 4: Special EditionDignity-game company can go at least twice, with the two new characters-save the environment-direct access mode black knight, which was not in the previous part, well, so called Special Edition.-fully modified gameplay for the new playable characters-improved graphics, it is noticeable at high settings. (It is like a suit painted Virgil)-soundtrack all just gorgeous, everything also gives a great atmosphere-well, another little plus for the fact that the creators gave rise once again plunge into a beautiful story, beautiful game with great characters well developed throughoutMy assessment- 10\10"
,Recommended,329050,16678783,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Khan,CUHRAYZEE!
,Recommended,329050,25008353,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Ya Boi Sorey,7.8/10 not enough Dante voice cracks
,Recommended,329050,16732371,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,A C O U S T I C,You get to play as Dante. Not Donte 10/10
,Recommended,329050,16665082,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Remibyou,"Direct upgrade to DMC4 and the new characters are a welcome addition. Tiny gameplay tweaks have been added to get rid of annoyances and make the game even better. Welcoming to newcomers as well as difficult enough to challenge the veterans. The only major flaw I could point out is the in game purchases to make the game easier. You can buy in game currency as well as buy powered up versions of characters to blaze through the game with minimal effort. Though it's completely optional it's still there. If you like character action games and style, this is the perfect game for you."
,Recommended,329050,17946813,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,V4lle95,It's the Best Devil May Cry game ever
,Recommended,329050,30947668,Posted: 4 April,all,ZanyBone,Fun. But puzzle very confused .
,Recommended,329050,17097841,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Welcome To Die,Is dmc4 with 3 extra people for only 5$ more than the normal game.
,Recommended,329050,17810049,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,JMC 22,The original dmc4 was fun but lacked content. DMC4 SE seems to add more but their are some poor changes. Overall a better game than the orignal but no where near DMC 3 SE levels too bad we dont have a good port of that game
,Recommended,329050,16921903,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Jolly Cooperation,"Great port, solid game all around! Would recomnded 10/10 anytime :)"
76561198421966228,Recommended,329050,35039883,Posted: 17 September,all,花残灬叶落,只希望有软件大神把这个游戏汉化，没中文很累！
,Recommended,329050,25812389,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,CauseYouWillHateYourselfInTheEnd,"Achievements Too Hard, fak dis"
76561198201125474,Recommended,329050,26510905,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Mr.Sneaky,SSStyle/10
,Recommended,329050,28801316,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,KaelYemeth,"Awesome game, adventure, gameplay, you name it! Can't wait for a sequel :)"
76561197964390765,Recommended,329050,16729551,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Sikari Sakari,Runs great and gameplay is awesome. New characters really spice up the game.10/10 would buy again.
76561198077513546,Recommended,329050,16665367,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,EndinAwe,"10/10 you dont play  as donte or vergin, this is a true devil may cry."
,Recommended,329050,20773284,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Tetsuya 徹也,"Without a doubt one of my favourite games to play, ever! DMC4:SE adds Vergil and his infinite badassery, Trish and Lady. Lots of re-playability and an incredibly difficult game to master, ( All bosses SSS ranked on DMD mode ♥♥♥♥ing kills me.), and overall just full of awesome. Solid 8.5/10 as the backtracking and the fighting of repeated bosses can be tedious at times.THE TIME HAS COME AND SO HAVE I."
76561197992040370,Recommended,329050,16933674,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Shaxyel,"A very decent game 7 years ago, still holds true to that. With 3 extra characters to play as you'll spent twice as long if you are revisiting the series. For those of you who are new, you have your newb friendly characters such as Lady and (I'll get burned for saying it) Vergil to help you through the tougher difficulties with their game mechanics."
,Recommended,329050,16952028,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,tomoo,what a ♥♥♥♥ing videogame
76561198020393485,Recommended,329050,19060696,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Space Bears!!,This DLC was overpriced. It was fun! But it was overpriced. Get it on sale
,Recommended,329050,30452697,Posted: 11 March,all,~Գ1ԳԳ1ʅ3Տ~ | Farmskins.com,The most 'SSSTYLISH' game I ever played.
,Recommended,329050,30746010,Posted: 26 March,all,Saints_V,"""If the kid screws up, I'll just have to kick his♥♥♥♥♥""-Dante; philosopher, wise man, demon slayer."
,Recommended,329050,23028216,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,j0ny_brav0,A Good Game.
,Recommended,329050,16715149,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Mr. Shakedown,Now I'm getting motivated
,Recommended,329050,16673278,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Nazuld,I Love League of Legends !!!!!  Oh yeah get this game...
76561198375038625,Recommended,329050,32313216,Posted: 10 June,all,theD3m0N,"I enjoy this beautiful piece to the fullest.This was my all-time favourite childhood game; I had nightmares because of it as well as awesome dreams. 😂 If you enjoy hardcore hack and slash games, this one is totally for you my fellow gamers. I rate this a whole 10/10"
,Recommended,329050,30369290,Posted: 7 March,all,Mr. Ziza,Play this game and Devil may Cry 3 SE while waiting the 5th installments
76561198017460531,Recommended,329050,23763845,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,"Shalom, Buenos Dias",idk where to start. Best dmc game hands down. plus im able to play as trish and lady?count me in.
,Recommended,329050,16662191,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Thantibus,really nice game but have to fix a bug with nvidia laptop gpu
,Recommended,329050,16875239,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Basim Abdullah,Excellent polished game
,Recommended,329050,16665698,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,CL4P TrAP,Farewell Vergil@DMC3SE
,Recommended,329050,27384172,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Save Me,Preeeeeety good!
,Recommended,329050,20145330,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Insania,I need more power !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,329050,19855411,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,dax,TIME TO GET CUHRAZYProbably the best hack n slash on PC.Amazingly optimized (though less so when compared to the standard version) and the added characters are amazing and varied.
,Recommended,329050,29068954,Posted: 6 January,all,JohnnyRamrod,"====== A rough gem ======Ultimately, this game deserves a thumbs up. The character generation, the incredible visuals and demon design, and better story than your average game all come together to make an entertaining package. It's pretty much classic, JRPG-style over the top story, fighting, weapons and fun!But it does have a few flaws. And I noticed them a bit too much for my liking. Oh, it's still worth a thumbs up, just beware the little things that annoy. It suffers from the classic problem of third person games with beautiful cinematics that choose to cut camera angles all the time as you run - you OFTEN find yourself running in one direction, only to change camera angle and turn back again. You can accept this when wandering around, but in a fight it's really frustrating.The other issue is the lack of real clues of what to do next. The best way to describe it is like this - a relatively 'on rails' adventure experience, but within the space you are adventuring in, they still leave everything open for you to wander around in. This is not good. Why? You complete a sub-component on that level, and then spend genuine frustrating time wandering around places you've been to already more than once, just to see if it triggers a new cut scene and progresses the story further now that you may have some new thing you picked up. The map is useless as it only shows exits and where you came from. No goals. No hints. If it was truly open world you'd have clues, trails, compass markers, a log book - just... something...For example - Elder Scrolls series is open world. It has LOTS to distract and do, AND a compass, AND a log. This has no compass, no log, and NOTHING to do in rooms once cleared. So it's of no help to anyone to wander aimlessly in empty rooms over and over until you go to the right one you've been to before...It's kind of a hybrid, and it will frustrate. Guaranteed.But with that out of the way, it's a good game for three reasons. First, game play, visuals etc are all really polished. Big, over the top moves, lots of flashy stuff, and a decent difficulty curve, if nto perfect. Second, it just may have THE BEST monster design ever. I mean, seriously. Those demons!!!!! Just so damn well done. Third, the story is good. It's actually entertaining, rather than just a throw-away thing to pretend you are more than just a mindless beat-em-up.It's good, but you'll have some moments of frustration.Oh, and get yourself a controller. You will find it a lot better if you do!"
,Recommended,329050,22975559,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Snewpiღ,Good yes yes much good
,Recommended,329050,31177848,Posted: 16 April,all,C.X,Best of the  bestMy FAVOURITE GAME !
76561198012404775,Recommended,329050,16741254,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,topdoog1,"Time to wake up, kid! You're missing out all the fun! NERO!!!"
,Recommended,329050,17409101,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Ben Gets it Together,Still the best ♥♥♥♥ing action game of all time
76561198106936387,Recommended,329050,21555622,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,PedraoManzon,Simply awesome! Being able to play as all major characters in the franchise is fantastic!
,Recommended,329050,16655714,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,PeachyBacon,THE TIME HAS COME AND SO HAVE I~10/10 Would come again! ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,329050,18457584,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,♛K1ngpinツ™,"Not going for a good story, but instead for good action with a lot of combos and♥♥♥♥♥♥ Definitely a good time killer! :)"
,Recommended,329050,20209684,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Pixel Zed,This game has a jacked up notion of fair play. And it's starting to♥♥♥♥♥♥me off.
76561198351967705,Recommended,329050,31798181,Posted: 16 May,all,RaveMaster,"Playing as Vergil is way easier than being Nero. Vergil has all the cool moves, the way he attacks the demons in different styles of moves."
76561198300644027,Recommended,329050,30891487,Posted: 1 April,all,waracez,The last good devil may cry since devil may cry 3. Hope they will make a Bayonetta mashed up soon
,Recommended,329050,27209805,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hawke,An almost-perfect action and a worthy successor to a genre-defining series.
,Recommended,329050,16662517,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Phoenixos,"more people to kill with and EVEN MOAR demons to kill in legendary dark knight mode.this game is the same as the original DMC4 but more playabe characters,so much to do with each,so many combos to be made.if you like to cut demons with swordsor shoot them with guns that for some reason doesn't run out of bulletsor punch demon in da faceor you want to be romantic and give them a roseor you want to be stylish and do everything from above,this game is for youstill i want to know how do them guns never run out of bullets O_o"
76561197983233478,Recommended,329050,16657684,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Chob,"So far so good, some people talking about some interesting performace issues, but maybe it's just thier spec what is bad. You don't agree? You can downvote me any time. I don't care, but sometimes it's not the game, but the user.Anyway Vergil as expected really awesome, but i miss 1-2 skills from him."
,Recommended,329050,16662120,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Aloname,"The special edition is also the difinitive one! Capcom took DMC 4, which was already amzing, and made it even better with a new engine, better graphics, and 3 more playable characters - 5 unique characters that are all great! And all in smooooth 60 FPS (some people get more - I'm not as lucky :( )If you like hack and slashers - this is a must !"
,Recommended,329050,16656329,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Vale Defender,"Before early gameplay leaks and reveals it was my intention to only experience the gameplay myself, and I failed on that front. Because of previews my expectations were extraordinarily low. Vergil looked overpowered and simple to play in every regard while Lady and Trish both looked to be only moderate potential at best with loose options and pure fundamentals respectively. As soon as I started playing, thankfully, my preconceptions were crushed.Vergil:The very first thing I discovered starting with Vergil is that you have to commit to your attacks more than you would expect because jumping out of them requires much greater timing. This is good. Overall, Vergil is much, MUCH stiffer than his 3SE counterpart and demands you adopt an entirely new, more conservative playstyle than you'd be used to in any previous game except maybe DMC1. Trick's invincibility frames have been shortened considerably so it's no longer the easy perfect dodge button and because you trick to enemies by shooting a summoned sword, tricking too often is more likely to get you hit because you're more likely to hit a nearby enemy with a projectile than one outside of the range of the attack you intend to dodge. On the opposite side of this, many of your lengthier moves can be canceled by tricking so it balances out in speed. Potentially, 4SE's Vergil is much stronger than 3's, but at a base level he's much harder to play that well without spamming.Lady:Heavily recommended that shooting/charging your gun be put on something other than the face button, I suggest swapping Square/X and R2/Right Trigger. It's also the configuration I use for Dante (With Sword switch put on Left Trigger instead). With this setup you're able to attack and charge your guns simultaneously to keep combat more active. Lady is very heavy damage with a bit of the same conservative, defensive playstyle. Meaning several of her moves aren't easily cancelled. Her equivalent to Devil Trigger allows you to break any of these animations, but doesn't function like a Devil Trigger. Instead, you get a large window of invulnerability along with a circle of grenades that does damage on par with DT Explosion from 3, draining the enitre meter in the same fashion. Her playstyle makes up for this and a lack of melee combat by being very mobile depending on what you're shooting with. Handguns charge for brust and delayed damage like Nero's Blue Rose and the second most mobile gun provided you compensate for recovery animations and end your rapid pressing early. Shotgun charged behaves like Coyote-A; Gunstinger is a great move that even hits if you end up on the opposite side of your enemy and allows for some close dodges. Kalina Ann seems to be the weakest of the bunch in terms of potential combos but grapple does its job and its moves are high damage. It's even more important to know your enemies as Lady than Vergil.Trish:My prediction turned out to be correct about Trish, in that she's moderate potential with heavy and exaggerated fundamentals. From the perspective of someone who loves the franchise and picks apart every little detail, she's boring. That said, Trish is by far the best thing for beginners in this game and people need to be able to play her through the entire story without switching. Trish's weapons are the tried and true ""Sword and Fist"" combination all the way from DMC1. Unlike DMC1, or even other characters in this game, she has both simultaneously on two different face buttons. Fists function similarly to how they always have and Sparda brings along one of the major teachers of juggling: Round Trip. While Sparda is active away from you, your fists' directional input attacks are altered and its combos extended, allowing for overall fantastic crowd control. I can't stress enough how good this character is for people too stubborn to play the first game, despite it being the hardest and most complete in the franchise."
,Recommended,329050,29978702,Posted: 16 February,all,iie-kyo,"HEADS UPWHATEVER YOU DO, DON'T PAY FOR THE ""CHEAT"" DLC.  THERE ARE PC TRAINERS AVAILABLE THAT LETS YOU UNLOCK STUFF AND GIVE YOURSELF ORBS/UPGRADES IF YOU'VE ALREADY PLAYED THE ORIGINAL.DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY, JUST GET THE BASE GAME AND MAYBE THE COSTUMES I DUNNO"
,Recommended,329050,32955508,Posted: 28 June,all,Hisasi,"The time has come, and so have II'll laugh last 'cause you came to dieThe damage done, the pain subsidesAnd I can see the fear, clear, when I look in your eye.I'll never kneel and I'll never rest,You can tear the heart from my chestI'll make you see what I do best,I'll succeed as you breathe your very last breath.Now I know how the angel fellI know the tale, and I know it too wellI'll make you wish you had a soul to sell,When I strike you down and send you straight to Hell.My army comes from deep withinBeneath my soul, beneath my skinAs you are ending, I'm about to begin,My strength is pain, and I will never give in.I'll tell you now, I'm the one to survive,You'll never break my fate or my strideI'll have you choke on your own demise,I make the angel scream, and the devil cry."
76561198344144018,Recommended,329050,33904694,Posted: 30 July,all,DEngTower,I believe that we will meet again.
76561198047280222,Recommended,329050,25485773,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Azazel,"Thumbs up, just because Yamato is love, Yamato is life, and since Vergil is here,it means moar swordplay."
76561198159206925,Recommended,329050,17229149,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Baka.troublemaker,I absoutly loved this game! I have played all the Devil may cry games including Dmc 2013 and this is by far my favorite. I wish this game makes a sequel I will be a buyer if so. I loved playing as Vergil and I hope someday Vergil will get his own game that would be epic.
,Recommended,329050,16687530,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,hairo.guerra,best combat in the series EVER!!! AND VERGIL MAN!!!!
76561198322316346,Recommended,329050,34639100,Posted: 31 August,all,Kellogg's Special K (NO BRAIN),Capcom did it again.That which is good is good. That which is better is better
,Recommended,329050,16687404,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Chibi2142,"Thank based motivation man!In all seriousness, I think this is hands down the best out of the 4 Devil May Cry games - Devil May Cry at its best! LDK mode is freakin amazing too.Here's to hoping for a Devil May Cry 5 in the near future!"
76561198052533137,Recommended,329050,28583715,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,LeeYuhm,The game is basically perfect except for Dante's backtracking story. That ♥♥♥♥ sucks.
,Recommended,329050,28457181,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Croten,It's a good game
76561198060600648,Recommended,329050,24564283,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Sammyboi,"""Power! Give me more...Power!"
,Recommended,329050,24517332,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Johnny,Love it
,Recommended,329050,34948690,Posted: 14 September,all,FideLink,"Crashed on my laptop, but work pretty well using my mum laptop ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Best Hack 'n Slash i've play so far."
76561198368074931,Recommended,329050,35013595,Posted: 16 September,all,nebula,worth for hours
,Not Recommended,329050,17574772,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Mindslash - the Belmont,"The game is good...the port not. Im seriously considering a refund.pros:- new characters- new costumes- added content- improved Graphicscons:- Overall FPS drop- Some Dedicated Graphics Cards cannot be used on this game (Not because its underpowered (GT 750M is my one), but the application for some reason doesnt allow to use it, so it keeps using the Intel HD Graphics)- Motion blur cannot be disabledOverall, If you can get for another plataform ( PS4, Xbox) get it. If you cant afford, just get the original."
,Recommended,329050,16653025,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,주스 드락은,If this game was a person I would not stop ♥♥♥♥ing it..10/10 would bang
76561198191506829,Not Recommended,329050,17179013,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Hermit95,"every time I go into pc setting the game crashes, I have even uninstalled and reinstalled the game and its still doing it."
76561198012902259,Not Recommended,329050,17594714,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Mr Fibbles,"Would have been good to know this game all but requires a controller to play, you can't even get through the tutorial without one (if there is a way to dodge roll with the keyboard, I couldn't find it). It won't let you use the mouse for anything but menu navigation, which seems lazy. I was looking forward to buying this, but I was really disappointed within the first 5 minutes.I'm sure it's still an excellent game, if you have a supported controller, if you don't, I can't recommend it. Guess I'll have to find the PS4 version..."
,Recommended,329050,16654082,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,blue,:D so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥awesome! !! 10/10
,Recommended,329050,16657831,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Copperhead,CRAZY
,Recommended,329050,16655053,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,GONGGURY!,Still my favourite 20/10
76561198084463149,Recommended,329050,16654520,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,gorgor,:mean_creep: Purchased was not disappointed very fun  :angry_creep:
,Recommended,329050,16653729,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,jehst,literally 100000/10
,Recommended,329050,16653984,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Perfidious Anglo,10/10 pretty motivating
76561198032704239,Recommended,329050,16654111,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,死ね,"well for some reason the game runs my intel graphic card 4600 instead of the nvidia , i didnt buy the game to run it on low graphic .please fix the ' Optimus ' and make it posible to play the game via Nvidia ."
76561198271071477,Recommended,329050,24898860,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Saint,"One of the best games i've ever played. Still prefer DMC3 though. Good job Capcom, now give us a a new DMC game, please."
,Recommended,329050,24007132,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,"When in Doubt, Common Sense",My friend said DMC: Devil May Cry was harder than the original franchise.I feel *triggered*.
76561198100156471,Recommended,329050,29885921,Posted: 12 February,all,CrazyC,good game!
,Recommended,329050,30536043,Posted: 15 March,all,TheGodHand,If you can't infintely JC Frosts as Dante you should not qualify as human
76561198038946501,Recommended,329050,23339574,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,sponge,Absolutely crazy.
76561198137201553,Recommended,329050,23479134,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,[FFF]xflashy,Really fun game
,Recommended,329050,24706814,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,ScHoolboy Taric,Smokin' Sick Style!!!Please buy this game so DMC 5 will be made one day
,Recommended,329050,16668111,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,0:1:19141333 #feelthebern,It's devil may cry. It runs great. Buy it.
76561198376975151,Recommended,329050,34211640,Posted: 13 August,all,mariwan752500,"who didn't  play this special edition , I think he or she missed a huge hack & slash game in history !!!"
76561198075533167,Recommended,329050,16752112,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Pumpkin Blood,Amazing GraphicsAmazing CharactersBuy it now! (so that they might make Devil May Cry 5)
,Recommended,329050,17132615,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,OhDatsApplesMate,Absolutely crazy about it.
,Recommended,329050,25048496,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,ZombiePlasticClock,"100% worth the purchase, regardless on if you played the original DMC4 or not. For newcomers of the series, expect hectic fast-paced action, and a somewhat stupid but fun story that picks up WAY more in the second half.For returning players from the original DMC4, there's a lot to love. Vergil feels mostly the same as Dante, but Lady's gun based gameplay makes the game almost feel like Resident Evil. Both are unlocked immediately, so you don't have to replay the game again as Nero to get to the good stuff. Plenty of PC options means this game will run on most systems, and I was able to get a consistent 60FPS without a high end computer.Once again, highly recommended. The original Devil May Cry 4 was my first DMC game, and this game has never been better than it is now."
,Not Recommended,329050,17495913,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,"Kill Yourself, Gabe Newell","I really wanted to like this game. I came in with high hopes and prayed to the holy trinity, seven layers of hell, the Norse gods, the Roman gods, the Greek gods, and even ♥♥♥♥ing Yahweh. Turns out that one of them decided I was a ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and deserved to be sad. I bet it was Thor.Tangent aside. This is literally Devil May Cry 4, but with Vergil and two mediocre characters. If you're a Vergilfriend, then by all means buy this game. You should get $25 worth of enjoyment.That reminds me. Apparently, if you already bought the vanilla version, you still pay the full price for this barely-touched rerelease. Capcom, are you even trying? This is depressing on your collective part.The gameplay itself is unchanged for the original two heroes, Nero and Dante. They didn't even bother to give them anything besides a new costume. I am not exaggerating. However, they have one leg up over the new three: a story. That's right, Vergil and Lady/Trish, the latter two being their own campaign like Nero/Dante, have no justification for why they're there besides the opening and ending. Vergil's story takes place long ago, and just serves to imply he's Nero's dad with his ending of, SPOILER ALERT, his shadow resembling Nero's Devil Trigger. Wow, it's nothing. Meanwhile, for Lady/Trish, they just tagged along with Dante. Well, okay, that is kind of implied in the main story so that's okay. However, the main gripe I have is they don't get cutscenes like Nero/Dante. For new enemies and bosses, it just shows them and the foes before putting you back in the game. It's lazy and insulting.The new characters are underwhelming, frankly. Vergil is pretty goddamn strong and it shows that Capcom just threw him in with all these toys without thinking about balance, if you're a whiner about that. I'm thankful for this, but he still needs way too much effort for S ranking it up. And if you're not getting S ranks, there's no point at all to playing this game. Why do okay when you should be doing perfect? Checkmate atheists. No offense to atheists.Lady and Trish, on the other hand, are insulting. Lady is basically Dante's Gunslinger style and has some rockin' guns. And I don't just mean her handguns, shotgun, and Kalina Ann. Fun to watch, not fun to play. Trish, however, is just a weakened Dante with no switching. She's basically the dump character for Capcom.Besides the much less optimized engine, nothing else changed. There is nothing on the PC version that is worth mentioning. Sure, there's Turbo mode, but that's it. It'll just make you get hit more, and why would you want to break your combos? Those things are already few and far between. Plus, the new battle themes aren't even properly implemented. Yes, Vergil, Lady, and Trish have themes but you're just going to hear Nero and Dante's themes because why would Capcom make a good decision?Oh yeah, optimization. DMC4 could play on an N-Gage. DMC4SE, not so much. While my computer's fairly strong, I've heard some horror stories about the framerates.In short, this game is not worth a buy, especially if you already bought DMC4. Just play DMC3SE."
76561198060902580,Recommended,329050,16652999,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Cuphead is neat,Vergil is finally in the game and he is broken as ♥♥♥♥Motivated/10
76561198191383941,Not Recommended,329050,34883298,Posted: 11 September,all,Ukiya21,App crashes in windows 10... :(
,Recommended,329050,34315010,Posted: 17 August,all,Bruce Wayne,"Make the Devil May Cry 1&2 HD for PC with special Bloody palace, where via web players can be participated in and playing like ranking match or tournament."
,Recommended,329050,24996088,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,VI VON ZULUL,"OP vergil, I mean really just to play as him, thats why you buy Special EditionAs in 3rd DMC:SE you could just rapidly spam OP astral swords at your opponents face, so you can do here, but they are less powerfullAlthough you are now able to do new tricks with them, which is more than awesome42/10 enjoy"
,Recommended,329050,21932932,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Jouhou,THE TIME HAS COME AND SO HAVE I!!!
,Recommended,329050,16663590,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,terry309,The Time Has Come...Are you motivated?
,Recommended,329050,16904917,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,J Detan,"Holy crap, YES. The gameplay is great, the new characters are all different and fun to play as, and the game looks great after all this time. 100% reccomended."
,Not Recommended,329050,17857113,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,BronzyIslandNYC,"the 3 character additions to DMC4 should have just been DLC. they said it was a whole new game and not just 3 new characters....it wasnt. there's just 2 cutscenes for the 3 new characters. thats it. like, what a joke.and the visual upgrade doesnt improve the the visuals that much but cuts performance by half.the DMC reboot looks 1,000x better visually than this game and my pc can run it at default graphical settings and no lag or performance drops yet this game looks 1,000x worse graphics-wise than DMC reboot yet even with the graphics on lowest settings i cant get anything over 30fps in this game.in the original DMC4 i had 80 fps.yeah, i know my pc isnt beastly but still. tons of lag and no speaking cutscenes for the 3 new characters except for 2 scenes. THAT IS NOT, REPEAT NOT a whole new game. meh. the 3 characters shoulda just been dlc for the original DMC4. $25 isnt much for this game but i dont think its worth it. the 3 new characters shoulda just been DLC for $15 for the old DMC4. 5 bucks for each new character. especially since there is no added storyline for the 3 characters at all.WAIT TILL THIS GAME IS ON SALE FOR UNDER $10. NO MORE THAN 10 IF YOU BOUGHT THE ORIGINAL. IF YOU DONT HAVE THE ORIGINAL THEN $15 AT THE MOST."
,Not Recommended,329050,18085687,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,alexxshadenk777,"All things considered this game just adds more problems to a fundamentally flawed and incomplete game. The new playable characters are broken and unbalanced and some of the changes to the combat mechanics makes it less desirable to play even further.Graphics-wise the game looks a bit better, if not for an ugly motion blur and depth of field blur that makes my eyes hurt. With no in-game settings to disable the blur, we're forced to use hacks to kill the effect, as this game performs very poorly in a system that can run the original DMC4 without problems."
,Recommended,329050,20600402,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Sinister Def,It's alright
76561198143215561,Recommended,329050,30820229,Posted: 29 March,all,Francis of the Filth,10/10
,Recommended,329050,25002422,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,The Colonel,"A story of an angry teenager with a huge gauntlet meeting his long lost uncle Dante who lends him a powerful sword with the strength to save the world from the devil pope.it's, uh, it's devil may cry 4. it's devil may cry 4, and if you like platinum-style action games, you will probably like devil may cry, and this includes devil may cry 4. there are five playable characters who are all super diverse in play style, there's a really solid in-depth combat system and fun enemies and bosses, it's devil may cry 4. you should play devil may cry 4."
76561198105546604,Not Recommended,329050,25245681,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,minhradz,the control...
,Recommended,329050,16652050,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,ロスヴァイセ,Lady Gaga Fighter Simulator 2015.10/10 would fight as Lady Gaga again.
,Not Recommended,329050,16686665,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Spyrover • 真 • MMD,"LET ME CLRAIFY I THINK BOTH DMC4 AND DMC4SE ARE GREAT GAMES - PLEASE BUY AND SUPPORT THIS SERIESHowever, there is one major issue that means I feel I have to speak out and give this game a 'not reccomended' and that is the optimization. Now the original DMC4 seemed to have been coded using some sort of magic fairy dust that miraculously made it perhaps one of the most well optimized games of all time, it ran on literal toasters. Now I expected that the SE would make a few graphical updates and to be fair it does - but nothing too great - and thus it is a reasonable assumption to make that the performance would be fairly similar to the original. However most people seem to be running the game at almost half the framerate that they could the original and this is not acceptable. Especially for people such as myself with very low-end machines who could comfortably run the orignal at around 90fps and now have to make do with an uncomfortable 40fps (thats right for a lot of people the game runs at less than the almsot necessary 60fps!) The main cause for this as far as I can tell is that PC port was made by Access Games as opposed to Capcom themselves, who took the liberty to a add a variety of awful bloom and blur and some arguably unnecessary post-processing effects which tank the performance and in some instances make the game look worse than the original - AND CANNOT BE REMOVED THROUGH THE OPTIONS MENU! If you run a low-end rig then save your money and stay away from this frustrating port.Now with that said and done, if you do have a computer that can run the game at 60+fps, then please by all means by this game and support the series , so that one day we may see a DMC5 (as opposed to a dreaded DmC2). The game itself is fantastic, fast paced and fun - and the three new characters are unique and interesting to use (although due to poor optimization I could never experience them in their full glory)."
,Not Recommended,329050,28282989,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,traaja,"I LOVE IT, BUT I CAN'T RECOMMEND IT TO MOST PEOPLE.I've plugged in 120 hours on my PS3 version of DMC4 vanilla. So this is coming from a hardcore fan who loves this series+ Solid 60 FPS 1080p+ 5 characters to utilize and experiment with+ Incredibly deep mechanics+ Best use of contextual events in a video game+ Very funny+ Incredibly charismatic characters- Not as well optimized as DMC4 vanilla- Insipid DLC is absolute BS- Half-finished short campaign with obnoxious backtracking and glaring padded sections- Pacing and difficulty curve are inconsistent as a result- Requires player to play the same campaign 3 times, in a campaign where you see everything 2-4 times.- Game is designed with only one character, Nero, in mind- Vergil makes the game far too easy- Some enemies have ambiguous audiovisual cues for attacksIf you are a diehard DMC fan like me, or only want mechanical depth, go ahead on get it right now.If you want complete action game/you are new to 3D Character Action titles, DmC, DMC4, Transformers Devastation, Metal Gear Rising, Darksiders, or Lord of Shadows will be better values for your money."
,Recommended,329050,17115576,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Spoochy,"Oh we have a tough guy here huh..... *unsheathes my twin katanas* Well, let's see how tough you really are! *jumps into the  air& TAAAAKE THIIIIIIIIISSS *spins around and slashes your face open* Not so tough now, huh????? *grabs you and throws you up* It's time to finish this little charade *holds my katanas above my head* YOU ARE FINIIIIISHEEEED"
,Not Recommended,329050,29032407,Posted: 5 January,all,requiemsoup,"I have very mixed feelings about this game. If you've played any other DMC game than you probably already know what to expect from it.You get to play as four different characters, all with different mechanics but (possible spoiler) each of their storylines are exactly the same. And that's why I'm so mixed about it. I feel like its kind of a cop-out from the devs. It kind of feels like a quantity over quality kind of thing. The gameplay is abit on the sort end, at least for me. So imo there is very little replay value with DMC 4.I did enjoy my first play-through with Nero/Dante but was very disappointed when trying Virgil and Trish/Lady. Atleast each character have some exclusive cutscenes but thats pretty much it.TL;DR -- Pretty meh. Maybe get it if it was on sale."
76561198015233683,Recommended,329050,21540617,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Hareymon,"The time has come and so have II'll laugh last, 'cause you came to die.The damage done, the pain subsidesAnd I can see the fear clear when I look in your eye.Still pitty gud mr man"
,Not Recommended,329050,21360640,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,echoswolf,the aiming in the game in wonkey making almost impossilbe to do some of the teleporting puzzels
,Recommended,329050,23847376,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Mephis182,best gmae
,Recommended,329050,17550453,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Grayellow,it's an ok game
,Not Recommended,329050,16976130,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Liviu,I Love The game but it have bugs. when i graple with lady  or teleport with vergil at lv 7 in that are i fall but i suppose to land on those stair . and at lv 18 when savior falls down and i must jump to deal damage to that cristal i fall xD . pls fix these bugs
76561198169615559,Recommended,329050,29732666,Posted: 5 February,all,nevermesswithme42,"If I was gay, I'd suck Dante's♥♥♥♥♥♥ Honestly, dude is ♥♥♥♥in chill af."
,Not Recommended,329050,18105107,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,SignedAdam,"unplayerbale, the game crashs all the time, save points only happen when you complete a chapter, no check points"
,Not Recommended,329050,20980482,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,That One Gay Swordswoman,"Without a contraler this game is broken and bad, I don't want to have to hit Shift+space+left just to roll out of the way"
,Recommended,329050,25061457,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,[Woop] Co0kie,Yup.
76561198052340293,Not Recommended,329050,17864890,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,=THB= MajOr Knochen,"controls wont work accordingly, BossChars can permaspam one attack to get their scripted win, patheticps3 version was fine, this is just shamefull"
,Not Recommended,329050,22067989,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Bigosaur,"The graphics is amazing, but that is about all. There are way too many cutscenes irrelevant to the story in whch you watch the character do what you should be doing yourself. The camera control is horrible. Often it will not allow to look at some place and vertical span it allows is a joke.If I wanted to watch a movie, I would. But I want to play a game."
76561198152689496,Not Recommended,329050,20314788,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Lexicon478,"I haven't really gotten to the game yet. I'm excited and all, but it's probably the worst optimised game I have ever played. No settings allow 60 fps on my i7 8gb Lenovo Y2P 1.8gh yada yada.If I can manage just under 4K on Korra with full settings up (And DMC3 SP), then I this game should be playable duringm actual gameplay on some level. I don't need a rig for this. I'm not a loser."
,Not Recommended,329050,23986873,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,WRLCK.IamDinosaur,"Devil May Cry 4: Special Edition is a hack and slash, created and published by Capcom. It's a remaster of Devil May Cry 4, same boring plot, same universe and this is the worst PC port I have ever played. It's horrendous, I regret buying this game. It has some performance issues like running this game on 30fps capped on your playthrough (I think this game is CPU intensive). You cannot turn off the motion blur, light shafts and godrays. I did perform a stress test before doing my playthrough, it was running 60fps solid but right now, its running on 30 fps. I was really disappointed about it. Special Edition added 3 new characters, Vergil, Trish and Lady. But they don't have their own unique cutscene, story and their own battle background music, it's just borrowed from Nero and Dante's BGM (Background Music). I want to point out that how the hell Nero introduced in DMC4? I want a backstory about him but like I said, it's a boring and unexplained plot. I am going to defend that the combat system is amazing, that's what it's known for DMC franchise. New features added like Legendary Dark Knight Mode, it's a game mode where you are facing against an overwhelming numbers of enemies. Turbo Mode to increase the gameplay speed up to 20% (So, it's 120% speed of gameplay). I was having fun playing LDK Mode as Vergil. I don't know why Capcom added so called ""Time Savers"" DLC. It's just a garbage DLCs that you will get 200,000 Red Orbs, Blue Orbs to increase max health and Proud Souls (I easily get 1,000,000 Red Orbs and over 500,000 Proud Souls from LDK Mode) and Super Vergil, Super Dante and Super Nero costume (Infinite Devil Trigger).+ Pros+ 3 new playable characters (Vergil, Trish and Lady)+ Customisable Control Scheme+ Combat System- Cons- Boring and Generic story- 3 new playable characters don't have their own storyline, BGMs and cutscenes (Just few of cutscenes will suffice)- Poor PC Port- Recycle LevelsIn this game's overall, I am so disappointed about this game. The performance issues, boring storyline, recycle levels and character's own storyline made me feel like I got scammed (It's Capcom, what do you expect from the corporate?). It's a 5 out of 10, not recommending this game, EVER. God, I'd rather play DmC Devil May Cry than this PC port."
76561198046508521,Not Recommended,329050,16818015,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Rottie,Do not buy this game if you want to play with a mouse and keyboard. After doing research on how to play the game with a mouse a lot of people are getting a refund cause it just wont happen.
,Not Recommended,329050,34415676,Posted: 22 August,all,Can Solo,"If you have win10DON'T BUY THIS GAME, it crashes and there aint a solution for these crashes in win10(if anybody knows a solution pls notify me):all crashes during mission 13 (playing with vergil)Crash Report 1:Problem Event Name:	BEXApplication Name:	DevilMayCry4SpecialEdition.exeApplication Version:	1.0.0.0Application Timestamp:	556d7520Fault Module Name:	StackHash_2bebFault Module Version:	0.0.0.0Fault Module Timestamp:	00000000Exception Offset:	PCH_27_FROM_ntdll+0x000722CCException Code:	c0000005Exception Data:	00000008OS Version:	10.0.15063.2.0.0.768.100Locale ID:	1033Additional Information 1:	2bebAdditional Information 2:	2beba6fb4680d73a8c78ca7c24ccdb46Additional Information 3:	cfd7Additional Information 4:	cfd7ad72b02c318914bfc4ba719d4940Crash Report 2:Problem Event Name:	APPCRASHApplication Name:	DevilMayCry4SpecialEdition.exeApplication Version:	1.0.0.0Application Timestamp:	556d7520Fault Module Name:	d3d11.dllFault Module Version:	10.0.15063.0Fault Module Timestamp:	994d6e1aException Code:	c0000005Exception Offset:	00099a20OS Version:	10.0.15063.2.0.0.768.100Locale ID:	1033Additional Information 1:	2bebAdditional Information 2:	2beba6fb4680d73a8c78ca7c24ccdb46Additional Information 3:	cfd7Additional Information 4:	cfd7ad72b02c318914bfc4ba719d4940"
,Not Recommended,329050,29394155,Posted: 21 January,all,ramen23,the game doesnt work its all black screen!! fix it
,Not Recommended,329050,21129767,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,ARCHER,Only buy this if you want to play it with a controller.
76561197992861070,Not Recommended,329050,21238645,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,vazsimao3,"it is unplayable in the pc version,cannot play properly with keyboard,and the mouse dont even work"
,Not Recommended,329050,17422448,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Apostle The Fraud,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=adKEqin5SoI&list=PLUIvOAx40OdbdgVy7OsBPGIPjXnoiPSjY&index=7Like getting a ride from Roman Polanski.
,Not Recommended,329050,29973695,Posted: 16 February,all,Quotation-Dono,"Despite my miniscule play time with this I have played DMC4V for about 14 hours, consecutive 15 min - (at the most) 4 hour sessions (damn bloody palace)The Good-3 more playable characters: Vergil, Trish, and Lady-things such as proud souls are now omni-present (shared between characters)-StylishThe Bad-Nothing really new story wise-stages are recycled for the 3 new characters-despite the 3 characters the game still feels like an unfinished product-^lacks the content some would like to see^The Ugly-Runs like garbage in comparison to vanilla (for a frame of reference I get 135-220 fps Vanilla DX9, I get like 62-85 fps DX10, and 40-70 in SE)-Forced DX10 (IE framerate can suffer DMC3SE syndrome where it is very picky on the parts in your machine)-Arguablely disgusting looking ""enhancements"" to the visuals (also bogs framerate)**can be lessened by following an online guideAll in all if you haven't got DMC4V and have a really good rig go for it if not either avoid it like the plague or get Vanilla on sale if your rig seems too weak....6/10-mediocre game that feels like it should have been more..."
76561198097182591,Recommended,329050,28700171,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,The Clever Name,"If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients:1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter2. 1/2 cup white sugar3. 1/2 cup brown sugar4. 1/4 cup water5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon6. 1 pinch salt7. 5 apples - peeled, cored and sliced8. 1 pastry for double-crust pieDirections:1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).2. Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside.3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices.4. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal.5. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust.6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing.Eat."
76561198213204515,Not Recommended,329050,18197165,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,NessZer0,bad frame rate
76561198202992065,Recommended,329050,33912205,Posted: 30 July,all,★SuperGirl★,Fantastic
,Recommended,329050,34164465,Posted: 11 August,all,RexSol,⠀
76561198054351128,Not Recommended,329050,31561863,Posted: 5 May,all,Starscream,"This game is a perfect example of what puzzle me with sequels... Somehow, devs manage to have less or an equal amount of content when they make a sequel, even though they leeched everything they could from the first game.The special edition add 2 characters, wich are actually 2 weapons : Kalina Ann and Sparda. Because yeah, Trish uses Pandora and Ebony&Ivory and Beowulf, and Lady uses the shotgun and Ebony&Ivory... Disappointed yet ?Nero is the new character that the 4th game brought to the franchise, with an inexisting backstory, but don't worry, you can buy the novel if you want to know anything about THE MAIN CHARACTER OF THE GAME !You have the impressive number of 4 different levels, that are long and tedious because of useless puzzles (the cathedral litteraly made me alt+F4 multiple times). And the bosses are really simple.Strangely enough, in a game that is all about slaying demons, you actually don't care about your ennemies, because 1. They slow you down when you want to complete that freaking puzzle 2. The fight isn't challenging anyway.Yes, Dante has a complex and cool moveset, but all the others characters are really limited, and every single thing else is lacking : few environments, boring ennemies, no story, and guess what ? Once you finished the 4 levels, well, you get to play them again the other way around ! With the exact same bosses that somehow respawned. Talk about laziness."
,Not Recommended,329050,25058082,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,mark,ive seen grandmas make better pc ports than this trash pc port
,Not Recommended,329050,24686211,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Shh'Paghetti,"If you have laptop avoid this game don't buy it.Your game will constanly crash,you can't change the resolution,and it runs pretty bad like 20 or 30 fps.The ps4 version it is way better then this.As a conclusion I will like to say that its a shame capcom didn't port this game very well on Steam but I'm still waiting for an update to fix all this annoying bugs and crashes.Until then think twice about this game and buy something else.The normal DMC4 version works way better then this one."
76561198132358556,Not Recommended,329050,17369927,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,IF DIS IS REAL U DED BITCH,♥♥♥♥ this stupid game!♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t trish no pass bloody palace go ♥♥♥♥ herself i broke my keyboard my  controller andd my monitor for one this ♥♥♥♥ig bithch
,Not Recommended,329050,23980350,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Adiuvat,"It always shows the gamepad controls,impossible to play with keyboard even when you select keyboard to play it still shows RB LB etc."
,Recommended,329050,16652777,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,⊹⊱⋛⋋Vampire⋌⋚⊰⊹,buy this lovely game. 10/10
76561198277964329,Not Recommended,329050,34776611,Posted: 6 September,all,talhabedirgg,"I could not be disappointed more about this game... How come didn't they even touch in the worst parts of the game?- The camera is mindnumbingly dreadful, especially in small rooms where there are bunch of enemies with powerful ranged attacks.- Platforming sucks! It is terrible with the new characters and with awful camera issues I mentioned above.And okay, they added really fun-to-play three characters and some cool costumes... But really, DMC 4 do have some gameplay issues and repetitiveness. Especially the latter one is the worst part of the game. While in the vanilla form you have to face each of the bosses THREE TIMES, now in order to unlock new costumes you HAVE TO DO IT WITH EVERY CHARACTER!!! And you do this with no tiniest variation in the level design (except some indispensable addings on the platforming sections).Plus, I really expected more GAMEPLAY content from this pack like:-one or two new cool combos for Nero and Dante-at least one extra boss (It would be awesome if this was Vergil)-one or two new type of enemies that are compatible with the gameplays of Lady, Trish and Vergil-new attack types from the vanilla enemies-and hell, at least 1 unique level to each character! Would it be really too hard?It almost make no sense when you beat the original story with Nero and Dante facing the same bosses three times, and you pick up Vergil beat the same bosses three times again. You cannot feel any connection, the barely existing story line obviously is not making too much sense. After that when you pick up Lady and Trish you are questioning why are you playing the story line at all."
,Recommended,329050,16654606,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,xDraga,Tris & Lady boobs worth for 25€I rate boobs/10
,Not Recommended,329050,16748692,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,RoloMang,"Terrible port, was really looking forward to playing the game as well."
76561198271735576,Not Recommended,329050,29558904,Posted: 29 January,all,azeihdan,"This game is great, as a DMC fans i love this one the most, i always wanted to play as trish/lady so it's a big plus.I recommend this game IF only it's not crashing all the time while in fullscreen mode. I have the torrented game and it works better than this one, flawless. Seriously?"
76561197994806254,Not Recommended,329050,33725974,Posted: 22 July,all,haider.ismail,"Style over substanceAfter playing DmC, I canlt get back to playing the old version of Devil May Cry game.After dealing with bad camera angle and the reused contentm I gave up on this game.Either get this on sale or get the soft reboot version i.e. DmC (better gameplay and replayability IMO)"
76561198067407498,Not Recommended,329050,16725427,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Ax,I have an NVIDIA 980m and I can't get the fps over 30 even at a low resolution. This port turned out awful and I'm very grateful that I can get my money back when crap like this gets released. Stay away!
76561198046675266,Not Recommended,329050,19122532,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Dustin,The only reason why this game is so f*cking hard is because it explains moves/controls to you in controller form.Sorry but I'm a man that uses a keyboard and mouse so f*ck you Capcom.3/10
,Not Recommended,329050,30864383,Posted: 31 March,all,oogabooga,Game audio seems to be bugged for windows 10
,Not Recommended,329050,16672149,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Yu_Dex,Only recommend this game when the low FPS problem in laptop is fixed. The game is good but it became unplayable when in low FPS. Mine got below 30fps even with in low setting. Please fix this ASAP and don't waste our money
,Not Recommended,329050,16708066,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,King Bape,Really capcom charging money for ♥♥♥♥ing blue orbs? thats stupid as ♥♥♥♥ im never buying a ♥♥♥♥ing game from you again unless you change that ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. But gameplay wise its fun as ♥♥♥♥.
76561198056702821,Not Recommended,329050,25590042,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,m.asaira123,Nothing special about it
76561198075347367,Not Recommended,329050,17761447,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Devilblacknova,boring Arcade game not much gun or sword action.
,Not Recommended,329050,16688543,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,FTDC,"The best part of this view, I think, is in cons. If you want to say my view is not useful, please read it and see how little you know about this game. I bought this game and I knew I will just buy it no matter how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ it is, because I liked this series for many years and I bought this for my favourite Vergil in DMC3. If it is the first time you play DMC(No DmC, that is♥♥♥♥♥♥).try HD collection on console, but not this one.First I want to claim that DMC series (except the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ DmC) is a hardcore series. If you quit before completing the DMD, you are not my reader and please ignore me. (Also I want to tell you DMD is the hardest mode because most hardcore players want 3S and no damage for each DMD mission. hell and hell does not include enemies with devil trigger so it is much more easier.) All essense of DMC is in DMD. I repeat. ALL ESSENCE OF DMC IS IN DMD.Pros:1.Vergil is back. As a super fan of DMC3 since PS2 age, seeing an original Vergil in DMC4 is MUCH better than seeing an idiot with same name in DmC.(Yes DmC is♥♥♥♥♥♥and I do not want to argur this with anyone disagrees with me.) This is the reason I bought it on steam. That is enough.2.Improved texture, lighting and overall quality. One might find the frame rate slow if you play with a laptop. That is because the game will not use the graphic card as the 3D processor but the integrated video processor in your CPU. You need to configure it manually from Nvidia Control Panel. After that, just turn everything to super high and enjoy the game if you laptop is a relatively new one.3.Nice new custumes. This is somehow useless because DMC4 is an open mod game. There are many good mods out there and if you do not have the one you want, why bother making one yourself. I even see a miku mod some days ago.Cons1. auto saving. I know US games like auto save but this is silly for DMC4. For example, top players can start DMD from NOTHING and still get 3S and no damage. To do this one needs to open a new save data. NOW IT IS IMPOSSIBLE. If we want to do that we need to delete the save data and forcely open the DMD mode using softwares like cheat engine. It will change values of bits in memory. Yes it is cheating but usually we make game harder using this. We used to have mode called GMD(God must die) which gives enemies much more HP, and enemies with devil trigger from the very beginning of each battle. EVEN THOUGH, there are 3S and no damage walkthrough. Auto saving just make these actions more complicated. Remember, JAPANESE ACT DO NOT NEED AUTO SAVING.2.Inverse control scheme with DMC3. There are many DMC3 players who plays 4se and I want to say I really want to kill the game maker for reversing the order of weapon changing and summoned sword. This is just so silly. Wepan changing problem is easy to slove just by interchaning the two keys but the summon sword gives me much headache. Capcom you need to know I buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥just because I deeply loves DMC3, DMC1 and I liked this series for 10 years. Can't you justshow some respect to players like me? You may make more money but I bet you will not make any more CLASSICS. ♥♥♥♥ IT.3.FS+DT. FSDT is the technique of Dante and now it is used for Vergil as well. You ONLY NEED 2 PUNCHES TO KILL M20 BOSS. ♥♥♥♥ IT. Now I am playing a similar system. In DMC3 SE the systems of Vergil and Dante are very different. Behind  a fancy new character, I see depletion of creativity.4.No rising sun of Beowolf. Rising sun of Beowolf in DMC3 is of great help because it has 2 hits. This 2 hits can be used for combo. No we don't have it. Instead you have lunar phase in the mid air. This will wipe out many possibilities for good combo construction.5.Reduced HP of Boss. No you cannot just reduce the overall difficulties and use it to attract causal players NOOOOOO!!!! Dealing with BOSS's different attack pattern is a very important part in ACT and now you tell me you can kill a DMD boss with 2 punches? ♥♥♥♥ IT. Capcom just make more good games please and do not use the old♥♥♥♥♥♥with lower diffculties to attract players who will just throw the game away fater they see all CG. Please DON'T do this. Alright you did it. ♥♥♥♥ IT.6.Some vergil's skill is from DmC, FUCCCCCK IT!!!!Overall, I bought this game for the series, but I did not recommend it."
76561198078470566,Not Recommended,329050,16688238,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Fateburn,"Pros:+ If this game sells enough, we might get DMC 5Cons:- No boss encounter cutscenes for new chracters- No new music for new characters- Tedious back tracking- If this game sells enough, we might get DMC 5"
76561198033523446,Not Recommended,329050,16661748,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,J_C_M_Venom,"As a die hard fan of DMC4 I cannot avoid comparing it to the original. The new release certainly has a handful of flaws that I hope will be hotfixed ASAP. The unpleasant things that I encountered:-Game crashing from time to time. Most of the times crashes happened in options menu, other struck me after completing a mission which happened to be very frustrating experience.-poor optimisation. Even though the graphics supposedly have not been changed, I experienced a moderately lower fps than in original DMC4.-In some frames there is visible pixelisation for some weird reason.-Was kind of dissapointed that saves from original DMC4 are not supported :(That's my impression of the first hour of gameplay.Even though it's certainly not enough for a decent review, my point was to inform people that currently game tends to be a bit unstable. As for now I wouldn't recommend it, hopefully most of the issues will be resolved in upcoming weeks."
,Not Recommended,329050,16675771,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,AnaaliHeikki,"c´mon guys wtf, i cant get to the pc settings, the game crashes immediatly when i choose it, in the split second i press enter/x button from my controller like the setting page dosent exist or something"
,Not Recommended,329050,16691314,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Vue19EC|<,"DO NOT BUY UNTIL CAPCOM FIXES THEIR♥♥♥♥♥♥I PRESS LOAD GAME, AND ALL I SEE IS A BLACK SCREENDMC 4 WILL NOT LOAD AT ALL.I HAVE TRY RUNNING THE GAME WITH MAX SETTING AND DEFAULT SETTINGS = NO LUCK.I HAVE REINSTALL THE SOFTWARE = NO CHANGE.PLEASE HELPTime of this report: 6/29/2015, 18:12:48Operating System: Windows 7 Professional 64-bit (6.1, Build 7601) Service Pack 1(7601.win7sp1_gdr.150316-1654)Language: English (Regional Setting: English)System Manufacturer: System manufacturerSystem Model: System Product NameBIOS: BIOS Date: 11/09/12 14:45:59 Ver: 17.08Processor: Intel(R) Core(TM) i5-3570K CPU @ 3.40GHz (4 CPUs), ~3.4GHzMemory: 8192MB RAMAvailable OS Memory: 7876MB RAMPage File: 3071MB used, 12680MB availableWindows Dir: C:\WindowsDirectX Version: DirectX 11DX Setup Parameters: Not foundUser DPI Setting: Using System DPISystem DPI Setting: 96 DPI (100 percent)DWM DPI Scaling: DisabledDxDiag Version: 6.01.7601.17514 32bit UnicodeAS YOU CAN SEE, MY RIG IS A BEAST!WHY SHOULDN'T IT NOT BE ABLE TO RUN THIS GAME AT MAX???????BEFORE I REFUND THIS GAME, AT LEAST TRY TO HELP MAKE IT RUN CAPCOM!"
,Not Recommended,329050,16657198,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,itsachickenwingthing,"How they managed to take one of the best-performing ports of last-gen and turn it into this, I'll never understand.If you rely on integrated graphics like I do, this game is simply unplayable because of the constant slowdown. Mind you, I've clocked nearly 100 hours in the vanilla version between an old laptop and an off-the-shelf desktop, and I've never had a problem getting it to run at 60 fps. I don't see how the additions in this version warrant such a performance drop.If you have decent specs then it might work just fine, and I would highly recommend this title to anyone who missed out on the original DMC4 if only to experience the base content.  But understand that this version's performance is completely unacceptable.That said, even the content they added is somewhat unpolished. You'll still be playing through the same levels from the vanilla version. You can even see in the official previews that the new characters were implemented with a complete lack of effort beyond their gameplay. Notice how each time an enemy mob is activated, there's a short cutscene where the camera pans around a bunch of static character models. Where in Dante/Nero scenarios the enemies might at least have some spawning animations, with the new characters it looks like the scene was hastily thrown together in the engine as if it was an alpha build."
,Not Recommended,329050,16683808,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Hentai & Vaporwave,UPDATE: I can only play the game in window mode. If I dare put it to fullscreen the game crashes.Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error  Fatal Error
,Not Recommended,329050,16680839,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,JetBoom,"Crashes on startup. Crashes constantly for people in discussions. Motion blur, DoF forced on. Runs horribly even though DMC4 ran fine on weaker hardware. Negative reviews spam downvoted by bots.BRAVO CRAPCOMRAVOCRAPCOM"
,Not Recommended,329050,16661356,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,magirobe,I see the opening but thats itafter opening only thing I see is black background.
76561198081873346,Not Recommended,329050,30363988,Posted: 6 March,all,Dastardly D,"Easily the WORST DMC game of the series.  Awful game-play.  Stupid storyline. Uncreative enemies. More pointless characters convieniently wedged to drive a boring story. Button-mashing gameplay. They couldn't make the game hard so they made it cheap instead. Boss attacks are cheap. Bosses are lame. Nero is stupid. Stupid ""Steam-punk"" theme. Terrible game. If you enjoyed the first three, you'll hate this one."
76561198030384427,Not Recommended,329050,16661423,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Totally Not Alpharius,"Don't bother unless you have a gamepad, the tutorials are only useful if you have one otherwise it'll be near impossible to find the right buttons to use."
,Not Recommended,329050,31108144,Posted: 12 April,all,Aya Shameimaru,"Whilemy thoughts on the original DMC4still (somewhat) apply to the Special Edition (in that it's a fun game to play when you don't know what to do with your free time), I'm afraid i'm gonna have to say this in light of Bayonetta 1's PC release...Don't bother, franchise is dead. Consider PlatinumGames' non-Activision titles as replacements to Devil May Cry.http://store.steampowered.com/app/460790/http://store.steampowered.com/app/235460/http://store.steampowered.com/app/524220/"
76561198185094571,Not Recommended,329050,16662104,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Altalex,"Devil May Cry® 4 Special Edition, for PC. Mind the words please Capcom!!!!! FOP F***ING PC, and players cannot use mouse to do anything????? This special edition is for ""PC"" PC! PC! PC! PC! PC! PC! PC! PC !PC !PC !PC ! Personal computer, and we cannot use mouse to play this game. Please think about this ridiculous logic!!!!!!!!!!! Dont tell me to set hotkeys, some people use just normal mouse, they dont have mouse driver to reset hotkeys. I am disppointed with this game! I tried to play devil may cry 4 before and found I could not use mouse to do anything, I thought: well that is becuase this game is old and transplanted from consoles, I understand it."" So I stopped play and waited for the PC version. Now the ""PC"" version is out (go check online, Capcom announced that the DMC 4 special edition will only be on PC), and I still cannot use my mouse to control. Now tell me, what is the point of releasing a PC version? Dont get me wrong, I loved DMC, it is a great game, but what is wrong with the control design? Is it too hard to program the mouse controls on PC??????????????? Well if Capcom can design a unique score system for DMC, then I dont think it is that hard to design the mouse controls for the game right???? Please dont tell me to plug in a control sitck, if a game is on PC port, then it should be able to operate by just keyboard and mouse, that's it. And there is no point to buy a controller for just playing this one game.Seriousely, big L for DMC 4 specioal edtion, and a big L for Capcom this time. -10/10, you're welcome."
76561197998488460,Not Recommended,329050,16657028,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,must.dissent,"I've played all the other DMC games, but I never got a chance to play this one... And I still haven't. If you think you're going to play with a mouse and keyboard, don't bother - you can't. I mean you CAN. But it's confusing and unintuitive and clumsy and cumbersome and, well it just sucks. It does have a mapping section in the menu, but it doesn't work properly (can't bind mouse button/axis) and there's no mouse-look, so your mouse just sits while your right hand gets confused wondering why it's not on the mouse since you're gaming. I feel like I'm back in 1990 playing with both hands on the keyboard. I played DMC (the newest game) and it was awesome with a mouse and keyboard. This one? Sucks. Don't buy this unless you're willing to play with a controller."
76561198018368540,Not Recommended,329050,16657030,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Sorrow Knight,"I do love DMC, but i just wanted to play this one on my PC without joystick and i can't.Every ""joystick"" combo like roll (mostly) do not work with only the keybord, i can't even pass the tutorial :) because i can't roll.Hope this issue would be fix soon..."
76561197989228420,Not Recommended,329050,31386848,Posted: 26 April,all,Gardein,Dumbass games with hidden tricks where you have to find a guide to tell you exactly what button or what jump or what hidden BS to find. Poor design and lack of fun.
76561198042780852,Not Recommended,329050,16653279,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Jonpi,Probably a really good game but I wouldn't know since the keyboard and mouse support is horrible :D
76561198121846179,Not Recommended,329050,30445529,Posted: 11 March,all,Arkiim,This game is shityit can't even be displayed in full screen and in addition to that the PC controlls don't work ! So i can't do anything other than runing around the room of the turorial... For God's sake ! if you can't make a PC version of a console gameTHEN DON'T!!! and i pay CHF 25.- for this shi*  ....
76561198090026169,Not Recommended,329050,32970466,Posted: 28 June,all,JaS V,"too old, i guess i was late but graphic need to be updated."
76561198017567874,Recommended,329050,30418140,Posted: 9 March,all,Decoyed,"Amazingly fun game.  Story is ok but whenever Dante is in a scene he makes things interesting. Nero plays different enough from Dante where you feel like you need a few minutes to readjust when you switch from one to another. Combos are really satisfying to pull off. Boss battles are fun.Other bonus points are an amazing soundtrack, great graphics and tight controls. I had a lot of fun playing this game and recommend it.Some people didn't like having to back track half way through the game but honestly it goes by quick as you're pretty much just running through the levels, fighting occassionally and they do add different situations to switch it up a bit.  It wasn't that bad."
,Recommended,329050,21343562,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,vasvi,Love it.
,Recommended,329050,21363902,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,jade-shan,Still practise basic combos……
76561198042048637,Recommended,329050,17030082,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Mr. JayScare,"Devil May Cry 4 is what introduced me to the DMC francise. And seeing it updated with new characters, mechanics from those characters, a stronger difficulty and the such, I fell in love with it all over again.First, let's discuss of what's exactly new. The three new playable characters: Vergil, Dante's older twin brother that wields Yamato, using it to cut through about anything to slay his enemies. Lady, a woman that Dante is in debt with that focuses in range with the use of the Kalina Ann. And Trish, Dante's partner, a demon created by Mundus that uses the sword of Sparda and uses the power of lightning in combat.Now, the new difficulty, the Legendary Dark Knight mode, that puts you skills to the test... when it comes to crowd control as you'll face countless of demons. Which honestly, can be difficult when it comes to small spaces. But can be pretty dang fun.What made me love this game even more to the original was... well, what I just explained. Vergil's gameplay is quick, good on the eyes and spiced up compared to his style in DMC3:SE. Lady's uniqueness is what intrigued to keep on going to see how Trish plays out, which she plays out great for crowd control as I mentioned for LDK mode.With these newest additions along with Nero and Dante, I don't really have any negative thoughts for the updated game. (Maybe the lack of cutscenes for the new characters, like encountering the bosses for example. But that's just me.)If you loved the previous game and you got some money in your wallet, buy DMC4: Special Edition and relive the nostalgia with the new additions."
,Recommended,329050,16992781,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,MacMillan,"This is a great action game being remade, and it became even more awesome as a result.Improvements over original DMC4:* New playable characters and new difficulty modes, of course!* Better graphics. My PC runs original DMC4 smoothly at highest quality, but now I use a quality setting that's a little lower than highest, and it still occasionally lags.* When out of battle, the increasing of running speed happens after 2 steps instead of about 5.* In places where you roll a die, originally when you first strike the die, a disturbing instruction comes out, and your strike is wasted. Now your first strike will count, and the instructions show up after the move is complete.* When Nero operates the ""big top"", you no longer have to wait for it to become activated after first strike.* All progress and purchases are saved automatically, and there will be only 1 save slot. (Maybe not an improvement to some players)Complaints:* Game fails to recognize the d-pad on my joypad. As a result, when controlling Dante, I have to use JoyToKey to map d-pad to keyboard keys 1, 2, 3 and 4.* Boss battles lack variety. That's a really good way to cut down the cost of designing bosses, right Capcom, by having two characters fight the same boss twice. And the final fight againt Sanctus isn't epic enough. I don't know what exactly went wrong, but the final Dante vs Vergil battle back in DMC3 is a LOT more epic than this.9 out of 10, marvelous."
76561198001949348,Recommended,329050,17070116,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,PDKP,"The Devil May Cry series has been my favourtie hack'n slash videogame series since the first time I played the 1'st intsallment, and with this improvement DMC4 lives up to it. When DMC 4 was first released the gameplay was completely new to what DMC was known for due to the new Protagonist Nero and styleswitching being replaced with the buster, which made combat different and a little bit easier since the buster is overpowered. But the biggest downfall in the game was the lack of content. Originally you played as Nero and Dante, two very different characters when it comes to their core fighting mechanics, which is great, but with this remaster includes 3 new characters whom play very differently, and lengthens the amount of time the game stays interesting if you aren't interested in playing BloodyPalace(which I think is the reason this game is great). The new characters also make up for the insane amount of reuse of both areas and bosses in the game. Half of the game is a reuse of previous areas. All in all I definentaly reccomend DMC4 if you are looking for an excellent hack'n slash game."
,Recommended,329050,17108767,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,✪ Zoomzimm,"I just want to point out that i'm one of those people who actually enjoyed DmC, Bayonetta, and Devil may cry 3 so expect a littile bit of biased review but not that much so you can still get some stuff out of this review.===================So this game is worth the upgrade if you played the older dmc 4 your going to like it more this time because of Vergil and only Vergil because trish and lady is not really stylish at all specially lady with her guns, its not viabble for people like me who does extreme combo's with nero and dante. So Vergil is pretty much a dante with the trickster and a swordslinger with a little bit of that snatch from nero. Summoned swords is not like nero's that stuns frost. vergil can only stun small enemies mostly scarecrows. Vergil's D.T is a bit O.P but hey its Vergil, he needs more power thats why. So thats sums up Vergils gameplay fast and APM depedent with a little bit of timeing included. For you combo folks out there you might want to stick with dante if you really want extreme style without the use of APM, BUT!!! if you have fast APM like me then make sure to play Vergil!!!! because its just stylish as crap!!! you can reach SSS extremly fast when his concentration bar is full and using his timed judgment cuts. (storyline) The only bad thing about this game is that the campain is short and it doesn't show how Vergil suddenly showed up out of no where. Thats the only bad thing about this game, the story, everything is awesome and if you don't mind the short story of this game your going to mostly spend you time in the bloody palace if your like me. :D=====================Verdict time!!:This game is a stylish game that gives new comers a awesome character which is Vergil and a awesome competetor against dante for the veterans out there like I do. Because of the short story but awesome game mechanics im going to give this game a 10/10 with a SSS badge of awesomeness!!!!!!====================Hope you enjoyed that review this is a must for new dmc comers and veterans a like!!!Please check out my youtube channel its not the best but I have a 2 min long video for Vergil doing some sick combo!!!Link:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzljU6Srs7xfXYuxnBsX9fwalso add on steam if you want to play other games!!!"
,Recommended,329050,17252925,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Blackbird,"I have only finished Trish ""human level"" and it's so fun, it's getting easier on the way but you keep all your health and everything in next level, so you can keep on challenges level and try to finished the game on 100%."
76561198067789817,Recommended,329050,17254218,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,The Vanguardian,"The new addition of characters Vergil, Lady & Trish was a good move to make on this game, their cutscenes were absolutely well done although I'm disappointed by the lack of addition for story for these characters however that does not take away from the usual action packed game that Devil May Cry 4 has always been and overall I would give this game a 7.5/10 and recommend it to any Devil May Cry Fans as well as newcomers as you don't need to play any of the previous games to understand the way this plays out although I would recommend playing the past games if you wish to know more about the characters and their past ties to each other (aside from Nero)"
76561198103471912,Recommended,329050,17165986,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,PrakashMulchandani,Good
,Recommended,329050,16773383,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,meme,Just amazing 10/10
76561198212413096,Recommended,329050,16667932,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,cyaness3454,remember its!!!
,Recommended,329050,16668217,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,+クレイモア+,Steam gave me money to buy this
76561198245405504,Recommended,329050,19537157,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,fabulous_magnus,"If you're a fan of Devil May Cry, you HAVE to get this game - the special edition just ROCKS. You can play Vergil - how much more do I need to say?Oh yeah, and I absolutely LOVE Nero unlike many other fans. Awesome characteres, awesome battles, awesome soundtrack. I love it."
76561198125948314,Recommended,329050,16684607,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,asidman1,"After another game that wasnt working very well I decided to get Devil May Cry 4 again. I havent played it since 2008 for the PS3 so finally I can try it again. My only problem is that Vergil isnt so involved with the story, he is just shoehorned in the missions and the boss battles. He has only one move from Dante which is the million stab. Other then that I am having fun and so far no problems running this game but it is running the same old graphic engine, from the older game from 2008 and running on Direct X 10 so no graphic enhancements so you can tell this game has aged. I can say its still fun to play so thats all it matters. If you have a laptop with decents low specs this game is perfect to kill some time on the go."
76561198065276405,Recommended,329050,16684996,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,MilkyPoint,aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
,Recommended,329050,16686546,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,P1MP SL4Y3R,Since June 23 a voice echoes in my head....power.....GIVE ME MORE POWER!
,Recommended,329050,16687535,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,wrath1725,Love It!!!
76561198019669304,Recommended,329050,16695410,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Sir FunkyFlop,"Good, but... I NEED MORE POWER!"
76561198042327995,Recommended,329050,16715029,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Tunkman,"At just a few hours into playing Vergil on Dark Knight mode, I had already asked myself several times""What the ♥♥♥♥ did I even just do?""10/10 Would Need More Power Again."
,Recommended,329050,16671151,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,CHAN ZD,Just like the old time...ทำได้ดีมากๆ อารมณ์เดิมๆกลับมา แต่ภาพสวยขึ้น ลื่น ไม่กระตุกเริ่มมาปุ๊ป อยากเล่นเนื้อเรื่องของใครเลยก็ได้ ไม่ต้องรอ อันลอคสำหรับคนเคยเล่นภาค 4 แล้วชอบมาก หรือไม่เคยเล่นพอดี แล้วอยากลอง ก็จัดมาได้เลยอย่าคิดนาน กราฟฟิค 5-6 ปี ที่แล้วคอมไม่แรงก็เล่นได้ ชิลๆ
,Recommended,329050,16674121,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,wrasoujan skinhub.com,You are not worty as my opponent.
,Recommended,329050,16674244,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,かめりあ,Was going to give it Motivated/10 but then I saw microtransactions.I might not care but I'm worried about the overachievers/hardcore players who have fun by exactly being an overachiever for this game.
,Recommended,329050,16677980,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Gyrocopter....? :D,THE EYE CAN SEESSS/10
,Recommended,329050,16678136,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,DarkSlayer,Vergil. 'Nuff said.
76561198022050104,Recommended,329050,16655702,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Roxas,You can play as Vegil.11/10would sweep back hair again!
76561198090091044,Recommended,329050,16702029,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Kaaaarl,My power will be absolute so buy the freaking game its freaking amazing :DDDD
,Recommended,329050,16705632,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Simbiat,"Next time I want to play this, remind me how much I hate those acrobatics episodes DMC games have..."
76561198125294112,Recommended,329050,16707205,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Vergi[L],"the comeback of true DMC series 10/10 would recommend, Epicness: Over 9000 !!!"
76561198112040521,Recommended,329050,16710419,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Lawrence Craft,From that day. My arm change. The voice ecos. power give me more POWER!
,Recommended,329050,18831104,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Crack Dragon,"This game is a bit hard to recommend to a good number of people. The game recycles the same campaign three times (With five different characters), which already repeats itself twice. There's going to be a lot of repetition, so you have to love the gameplay in order to get any enjoyment out of this game.And thankfully, the gameplay is really polished despite some hickups regarding enemy and level design. The two characters you could play as originally, Nero and Dante, are still as fun and complex as they were in the original title. The three new charcters, Vergil, Lady, and Trish are great additions to the game. Well, at least Vergil is. Lady is alright, but the gun gimmick doesn't click with me. Really didn't care for Trish. Her gameplay was so shallow I couldn't stand to play as her for too long.A criticism I have with this game is the optimization. The original Devil May Cry 4 was notable for being one of the only good PC ports Capcom has made. The port was so good in fact, that it was considered the definitive version of the title due to it's low requirements and the edition of Turbo mode and Legendary Dark Knight difficulty. Unfortunately, SE isn't as well optimized as the original. There's a lot of unnecessary post processing effects that make the game chug and stutter. You can't turn these off through normal means, so you'd have to look up a guide on how to remove those with a hex editor. I'm hoping Capcom releases a patch that better optimizes the game and adds more graphics options.As I've said before, you'd need to REALLY love these sort of games if you want to get any enjoyment out of this. If you're the type of person that's in to hack n' slashes and has a relatively decent PC and a gamepad, try this game out and see what you think."
,Recommended,329050,18175498,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,NightBlade_NB,"An awsome game if u want to have a cool time playing!! It has good skills, good missions and it have the cool mission ``bloody palace´´ there u battle for survival and u can´t use any healing then u are in that battle mode. (to get all difficulties, then u must buy the DLC. but trust me its worth it!!!!I Enjoy The Game A Lot!!!! Like #### I Like This Game!!!! XD"
76561198061613321,Recommended,329050,18223418,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Dorado,I NEED MORE POWER
,Recommended,329050,18272863,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,the most distant shore,"Vergil is back. Moves and guns from DMC3 are back. I enjoy this same just as much I enjoyed dmc3, dmc4, dmc5, even tho this is still the old DMC4 but just with new features and characters. THE ONLY PROBLEM. the only problem, as a PC user, its alittle hard to see an Xbox menu. I feel like for people who havent played dmc before it might be alittle confusing during the tutorial8.7/10"
,Recommended,329050,17362169,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,GGWP,g
,Recommended,329050,18030876,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Corporal Phre$h,you get to kill the pope
76561198073201533,Recommended,329050,18183171,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,I can't read minds,"While it's a remake, it didn't change much besides the new characters and improved graphic.But, this game's new characters provide new play style. With Vergil, you can teleport around while killing the enemies with swift but deadly attacks. With Lady, you can crush faraway enemies with lots of long-range attacks variation. With Trish, you can destroy the enemies with powerful close-range attacks.Even though most of the contents are the same, you can still fully enjoy this game. Those who haven't played the original DMC4 don't need to worry, you can experience it in this game."
76561198033856872,Recommended,329050,18091494,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Lotus Flay,"I am a huge fan of the dmc series (and yes, the newest dmc as well.) and what i see here is pure flavor i have played it for my self and all i can really say is, well done. Vergil is exactly how he was in dmc 3 and lady and trish are both very fun and unique. In my opinion this addition is more than worthy of the Devil May Cry title"
,Recommended,329050,18336640,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Extrilaquist,"Really awesome game if you're willing to get into it, it'll become a very beautiful masterpiece.You also get to play as Vergil, Lady and Trish!"
,Recommended,329050,18975064,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Reddsinz,A great game indeed though the camera and control system takes a bit to get used to. Graphics are pretty awesome  the characters  are diverse enough abilities wise and I like the DLC costumes as well. The replay value is decent and there are plenty of secrets to unlock.
76561198127064019,Recommended,329050,18072978,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,CybernatonEvolution,"Update: the game is stable if I don't put my PC to sleep. I recommend installing a hex editor and removing DoF and motion blur. Other than trying the new characters and having better bloom/lighting, there is no reason to get the game.The new characters are great; Lady is a bit lacking in terms of moveset fidelity and combos despite her multiple tools. She has combo potential though but not via jump canceling.Technical issues:-Crashes/black screen. Fixed by installing the game on the SSD.-More crashes with ""DXDI device removed"" error message after playing for a couple of minutes.-Motion blur/Depth of ****. No one needs that junk; at least provide ini config settings or menu graphics options to control post-processing options."
,Recommended,329050,16780383,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Lorster,"This game is so SSStylish. Not that good as Devil May Cry 3, but it's still very enjoyable."
,Recommended,329050,17827341,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Matt Engarde | Oodenta Mitsuyo,"""I need more power!""~ VergilMy all time favorite game has returned with new feautures plus Capcom added three more characters. It's so nice to play as Vergil again and very hyped playing as Lady and Trish, these bad♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥es will hunt down any demon they see"
,Recommended,329050,17779739,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,IrishDragonborn,"As a long term player from the PS i found this gem sitting in the store and decided to treat myself. I play ALL DMC's and i never had a serious complainant for one of there games ( apart from the damn camera! ). Now DMC4 on PS3 was interesting to say the least with the introduction of a new playable character to the lore, although when i first played Nero.. ill be honest i didn't care much for his persona ( KYRIE X 9000 ) but i got used to him and his versatile game-style makes him a joy to play with. Now, i seen the PC Special Edition and well.. I loved Vergil... always did... always will.. SO when i could play through with the dark brother and Yamato it was bought with very little hesitation.Quick run down,If your new to the genre of games- this one can be challenging for a while.Game-play- as all in the franchise, the first play through is the story the rest is repeat,repeat but this one is so good!Graphics- for the age of the game.. very good in my opinion.Story- good, but lacks real meaning and i feel they could have done more with the Vergil play through.Overall score- 8/10.. I personally fell the story really lacks on the end and in certain parts, but the game as a whole is worth it.. ONLY if your a fan of Hack/Slash Repeat!"
76561198091053719,Recommended,329050,17228452,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Redfield,"DMC4 is really a good game. So many years after I played its original version, I'm still excited to see the release of special edition. Compare to many other action games, battle in DMC4 is always like a show rather than a fight. If you are an action game fan, this is a must have. If not, this is where you begin to love great action games.Graphics: 9/10 It may not be that good compared to some games like witcher3 and dragon age. But consider it being completed several years ago, it is awesome at that time and even in today it still looks great. Minus 1 point for not making much progress.Story: 8/10 Minus 2 point for not having much story with three new characters. DMC's story script is always good among action games. But you know, it's action game. Action games usually have simple stories. Looking for some touching long stories? I'm afraid this is not what you want.Music: x/10 It's ok for me. But whether you like it or not, you have to figure it out yourself.Gameplay: 9/10 Great game experience. Every characters have their own style. Capcom has done enough optimization work to keep it running on fps. Never feel delay in game. Remember to switch to your discrete GPU. It lag as hell when play Dark knight with integrated graphics. One more thing to keep in mind is this game includes some puzzle. They are not that difficult, but if you don't know where to go next, use google.In general, it is a great game to have.  When you get used to it, you will find much pleasure in your show time. Such a Pity Capcom stop making good games like DMC4 these days."
76561198034610306,Recommended,329050,17325318,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Novus,"I enjoyed DMC 4, but the special edition probably puts it up in like my top 5 favorite games of all time."
76561198026452405,Recommended,329050,17239790,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,<removed>,"Well, the game is more awesome then was back in 2008, after playing this I really wish to see Devil May Cry 5.The combat is great, the new characters are amazing, more bonuses were added.Overall 10/10"
76561198014085148,Recommended,329050,17240868,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,✦Starlight✦Glimmer✦,Vergil is back! That's enough for me.
,Recommended,329050,17577251,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Injustible,"Beautifully polished re-release of an amazing game. The refined graphics make it look really flashy, and well, you can play as Vergil. What more can a person want from a Devil May Cry game? Totally worth picking up if you want a stylish Hack'n'Slash which offers a variety of ways to play your own way."
76561198058836792,Recommended,329050,17585358,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Nazgual,.
76561198068069733,Recommended,329050,22223408,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Ludens,Now the ladies join battlefield+vergil!! My life is complete:D
,Recommended,329050,22344742,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Rayleigh,awesome!!!!
,Recommended,329050,27476334,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lexor,SICK GAME! NEVER GETS OLD
,Recommended,329050,27709786,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Tensei017,Vergil needs more power!! /owo/
,Recommended,329050,27734531,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ZenKetse,"One of the best hack n slash of all times, with great story and awesome protagonists"
76561198043893626,Recommended,329050,27739601,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Scrublord,"It's DMC4, but SE! What more do you need to know?!"
76561198055298819,Recommended,329050,27557816,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Santos,"Devil may cry 4: Special Edition is an action game focused on combat. This is virtually the same experience as DMC 4 safe for the 3 new added characters, a new difficulty mode and a few graphical ""improvements"". It features one the best combat experiences available, along with a cheesy/whacky story that you’ve gotten used to, if you played any of the previous games.Pros-Great combat system with a plethora of combos, weapons and styles that gives you many options-Skill based with a high skill ceiling-Even if cheesy, story and characters are enjoyable and generally likeable-Bloody Palace, a wave based mode increases the game’s longevity and so do the multiple difficulty settingsSpecial Edition Pros-3 new characters with distinctly different styles. Vergil plays similarly to DMC 3, Trish has plenty of area of effect moves, Lady focuses on firearms, something unique in DMC.-New difficulty mode “Legendary Dark Knight” provides an extra layer of challenge with a hugely bolstered enemy countCons-Campaign is clearly unfinished, as you end up replaying half the game, in reverse order, once you take control over the second character-Enemy variety ends up lacking, as you near the end there are no new enemies-Even on “hard” difficulty, if you don’t care about your score, it’s not that challenging to finish the campaign, even if you do a poor job at managing your combos and especially if you use healing/revival itemsSpecial Edition Cons-The new 3 characters end up sharing the same campaign as the old ones. With Vergil you go through the entire game and with Lady and Trish the game is divided between the two as it was between Nero and Dante. This wouldn’t be much of an issue but considering the repetitiveness of the original campaign, this means that if you go through it with all characters, you explore the exact same levels 3 times, not counting the fact that practically half of each campaign, as I stated, is essentially backtracking. This is by far the worst issue brought upon by the Special Edition since no new levels were made taking these characters into account.-New graphical “improvements” don’t exactly look good, in my opinion, but they also affect performance considerably. It’s a good thing there are unofficial ways to disable some of the features.-New Characters might have a few unbalances and be overpowered in certain situations, especially Vergil, who can clear the entire screen with certain special moves.Conclusion: DMC 4 was a great game held back by its unfinished state and the same can be said regarding the special edition, since those issues remain. However, the outstanding combat system should be enough to convert any fan of the genre. The new characters may be overpowered, but they’re still a lot of fun to play with.It is important to note that I think it is CRUCIAL to edit a few of the settings as they affect performance considerably and don’t look all that good, you’ll find guides to easily do it in 5minutes with no issues. For reference, I had 30 fps on 1080p and the fps doubled with those changes."
76561198167295930,Recommended,329050,25296658,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Sniph3uttm4n,"I really enjoy this game. Contrary to popular belief, this is not a terrible, God-forsaken port to Steam. It is a very smooth running port with a lot of replay value with the 4 (+ ish) characters you can play as. However, I do recommend checking the commmunity mods and modding with the ""Graphical Tweeking Guide"". The guide is very thorough, and it will make your game much smoother and the fps will stabilize.Other than the near necessity to mod the game before diving in, I would recommend this game to all DMC fans and action games in general."
76561198012071265,Recommended,329050,27559940,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,WoodenDOOM,All the charm and frenetic dodging of its predecessors.
,Recommended,329050,27089620,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,qxtc,"Swords, guns, action, tons of fun and replayability"
,Recommended,329050,27446060,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DakiLLa XX,Excellent gameplay just like the original DMC4. The addition of extra characters makes it significantly better and more characters to learn.
,Recommended,329050,27093916,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ChaliceSoul [E707],"One of the best hack-and-slash spectacle fighter action game I have ever played. I went through the Xbox 360 version as well as the original version on PC and still end up playing this.The Special Edition includes more content that allows for more hours trying to get that sweet S rank of every mission and trying to kill Dante on floor 101 of Bloody Palace.Even if you aren't one of those players with super high apm that can somehow do a no damage run on Bloody Palace, you can definitely get through every mission with basic skills."
,Recommended,329050,27342338,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Xaynder,Stop reading reviews and buy the game already!
,Recommended,329050,27376516,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kosae,"A well-made combat system brought down by its rushed development. The Special Edition hasn't made efforts to fix the issues present in the base game. The extra characters feel like they were added to distract players from the repetitiveness of the levels but end up highlighting that flaw even more. In fact, Special Edition is more like a character pack with some graphical improvements.Some of the locales are neat in principle and aesthetic, but fall short of their potential. Fortuna Streets, Castle Fortuna, and HQ were some of my favorite areas but weren't all that interesting as far as level design goes, save for being fancy backgrounds. It feels like a squandered opportunity.The new characters are pretty generally obscenely imbalanced: Vergil's concentration gauge combined with Distortion and Heavy Sword Rain makes bosses trivial, Lady is similar with Shotgun Charge Shot 3, and Trish feels more appropriate even if lightning-Straight and lightning-Volcano (whatever those are called) can handle pretty much everything.Although, DMC4 is a game that's really only as good as the player; its quality feels more appreciable once you start to utilize what your character has available to them. Each character has their own, distinct moveset (even if select attacks are reused across charcters), thus causing them to play quite differently from each other. I actually don't even like Vergil or Lady (even if I was hyped to play them when SE was announced), but the character variety is appreciated.Anyway, the game's main selling point is the combat system. I'd recommend it because I've had a lot of fun with Dante and Nero's moveset (and the other characters to a lesser extent). If you want a more complete game with a better story and locales while keeping the combat depth, try DMC3 and check the forums on how to fix it up."
76561197971596135,Recommended,329050,23291225,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,鴻 ▄︻̷̿┻̿═━一,"Vergil reborn, what else can you ask for from nowadays capcom?A must have for slash and hack fan!"
,Recommended,329050,18883367,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Sir. Kill™,"you get to play as Trish and Lady as well as the good ol twin brothers of Dante, Vergil. Smokin' Sick Awesome"
,Recommended,329050,18857703,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,The Icelandic Loser,Now I'm a little motivated.
,Recommended,329050,27174138,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,sundaeflower,"The undisputed king of character action games, now with more characters to play with. Special edition makes me hopeful for a real sequel."
,Recommended,329050,27179446,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ahriman,The hell of a slasher. Best I have played so far.
,Recommended,329050,27126505,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DCDC420,"Just as much fun as it was last time. There's still the same anemic lack of levels, but the combat more than makes up for it. All of the new characters are plenty of fun to play with, and once you learn how to play you can have massive amounts of fun."
76561198196274515,Recommended,329050,17544590,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,mikest001,"One of the best video games out there, just got a little issue with the delay of the audio on videos using windows 10 (directx12).I would give it 10 of 10 score :)"
76561198070102918,Recommended,329050,16953317,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,hahocduy,Good game!
,Recommended,329050,16903200,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Guinness,"I haven't completed the game yet but I have completed DMC4 vanilla multiple times. I'm only on mission 8 with Vergil on Legendary dark Knight mode and I already think this is worth recommending.This game gets so much wrong, I won't lie. The terrible level design, the backtracking through the same exact places and really mundane and rage enducing puzzles hurt but they are still overshadowed by the amazing combat and boss fights.I recommend getting used to the combat on the first mission or so and then using the internet to find out where to go or what to do since the game does a bad job of telling you which door to go through and whatnot.All in all, I think this game has the correct amount of motivation in it. Vergil/10."
76561198129992644,Recommended,329050,16903867,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,KitRae,Virgil = OP 10/10
,Recommended,329050,16867664,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Fa11nAng317,fantastic game. One of my all time favorites!Who doesnt love a hack and slash!but the game has really confusing PC controlls....i would deff recommend ussing a controller
76561198175752643,Recommended,329050,16871039,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,cat >3 - busy with life,"Nice game , it has a various amount of abilities , pretty hard to master."
,Recommended,329050,16872033,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,DawnOfTheDay,Great game
,Recommended,329050,16872010,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Vash The Vicious,"This installment from Capcom to our beloved Devil May Cry comes to me rather bittersweet.Let us begin with the bitter.  (bad new first)As I thought when I first started playing there is no difference to the levels other then some of the blue orb placements are different, and the blue orbs missions are slightly changed.  There is not much in the way of videos for Trish, Vergil, or Lady.  While I would have loved for them to slap dash some what of a story as to why these three characters are smashing about his holiness kingdom.  They gave me but a crumb.   What can I way, I am a sucker for any lore.MOVING Right along.The Sweets... the lovely lovely suger coated cake filled madness that is DMC.Vergil is nearly over powered, if not completely insane.  But this comes at a cost to the player.  Timing, much like nero if you want to smash everything in a chained combo of death and destruction.  You have to have good timing.  Vergils judgement cut, is just amazing and painful to foes.Lady seems to be on par with the damage that vergil can dish out.  With her skills centered around guns, the various ablitys that she has with them is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic to any pyromaniac or demolitionist.  You will not be disappointed.Have yet to play as trish... but from the other two characters.... I am sure she will be amazing.I would suggest just giving capcom the money for red ords, and proud souls.  It makes the play through so much more interesting and gets rid of the grind.PS: Playing Trish in Blood palace.... also OP"
76561198203611353,Recommended,329050,16875709,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,HakuroGen,"Like the game really ,it's better that they add more playable character and  orbs is shared among every character nice system , but i seriously hope they will add Japanese voice to the pc version like in ps4 or Xbox , no harm anyway so why not ?To game developer ,plz make this happen  like make it as a  DLC or something or even as updates ."
76561198064247701,Recommended,329050,17136140,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,[King Crimson],Motivated/10
76561198069647166,Recommended,329050,17116182,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Naga90210,"If you're looking for a new DMC game... look somwhere eltce. It's the same DMC 4, but that being said it's DMC 4. Yes the game has flaws and if you already own the game on PC than I'd suggest not buying it, but still the game is freakin fun. Vergil is amazingly unique and cool, Lady is awesome and while I haven't gotten to play as Trish yet I'm sure she will be as well. Unfortunately the game suffers from not having new levels or even realy new story for these characters it's still a blast. All in all it's up to you."
,Recommended,329050,17127621,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Tofuboy,"I've been a huge fan of the franchise for a long time. From the very first game in the early 2000s to the most recent western reboot, I just can never get enough of the immensely satisfying and stylish hack-n-slash action. With DMC1 having the best story progression, DMC2 a complete tragedy, DMC3 SE being my all-time favorite and the original DMC4 being slightly disappointing; and the western reboot though excellent in its own way, doesn't quite feel the same--- So the release of this game is an absolute delight.After spending dozens of hours playing through the game, I am confident to say that this is the definitive Devil May Cry experience to any newcomers or veterans alike.  This is not just another HD remaster game like many tend to be in the market; this is a different beast on its own. First is the graphic upscaling and the new 60fps cap which render much detailed and sharper images and textures, smoother animations which only enhances the gameplay’s fluidity so much more than ever before. Turbo mode is a welcoming return from DMC3 SE. The biggest edition of this version of the game is the three new playable characters, Vergil, Trish, and Lady, which offers 3 new distinctive play style in an already excellent action-packed experience. Vergil can play through all 20 missions, while Lady and Trish plays Nero and Dante’s missions respectively. One really noticeable thing is that the new characters is clearly designed around the new Legendary Sparda mode in which majority of their move sets consist of huge AoE and crowd control effect which made them seem really overpowered, especially Vergil. Though I wouldn’t say they are completely unbalanced but to get the most out of their skills, playing on a harder difficulty is highly recommended.About the brand new “Legendary Sparda Mode”, it’s a silly idea on paper, and even more ridiculous in actual gameplay. Having an overwhelming number of enemies swarming at the same area, it’s hard to keep up or even see what is going on at times; enemies would just keep spawning and flying all over places as you press buttons. Not to say the game becomes a button masher in that mode, just the fact that the combat becomes mindless and instinctive rather than being grounded and tactical. I guess it can be both a good and bad thing depends on you play style, it is not a mode to be taken seriously, but one thing for sure that it is still tons of fun to play with. It also showcase in a technical aspect, despite all the explosive actions and the sheer number of things happening on screen, the gameplay still runs smoothly at a stable 60fps throughout, with no screen-tearing or slowdowns, which is definitely impressive.Loads of contents plus hours of fun at only half of normal retail price. Not to mention that this is an excellent PC port and really well optimized. Easy to pick up and learn, hard to master; this is the spirit of any DMC titles (except 2, that game sucks so much). Greatness through and through, anyone looking for an over-the-top action game, this is a must-buy. Any fans of the franchise will without a doubt, adore this gem."
,Recommended,329050,17129522,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Solidus Steve,"It doesn't fix some of the fundamental problems with the original 2008 release (replaying about half of the levels as filler) but it adds enough replayability and style with the 3 extra playable characters to warrant a purchase from anyone who wants to support the original Devil May Cry series, or from anyone looking for a decent character action game. Seriously fun, seriously stylish, what more could you ask for from a Devil May Cry game?"
,Recommended,329050,16966779,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,DeamonKING,"I have always been a fan of devil may cry, this is by far the best version yet.Finally now i am able to play with may favourit character of the series Vergil, he is better than ever with new moves and style of play. Vergil in DMC4 is on whole other level comared to DMC 3.This is the devil may cry that i have always wanted not the crappy DMC from ninja theory.Good job capcom  10 out of 10 from me :)"
,Recommended,329050,16976515,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,VakTheFox YT,"Some Positives/Negatives from my experience...PROS+The Game Retains the same feel as it did before, boasting a decent combat system.+The addition of Vergil is a very nice (If not paradoxal) touch.  New combat elements to the character kinda mixes things up a bit.+The music still kicks some adrenaline into the fights.CONS-Some of the DLC, while optional, shouldn't be a thing at all.  I mean, yeah, the cosmetic DLC for Trish & Lady is nice, but really?  Proud Souls?  Red Orbs?  Blue Orbs?  Mode Unlocks?  Secret Character Unlocks?  These are all things easily done from within the game.  Why botch it up with this crap?  Maybe I'm just getting a bit elitist on such things...-Lady & Trish is basically just Nero & Dante with fewer cutscenes.  Literally.  It seems pretty damn lazy, but this is Capcom we're talking about.  These folks only seem to be able to create an original idea once every few years, then recycle it endlessly.Overall, I can recommend this game, but be the savvy consumer, wait for it to be on sale.  No need to pay 25 bucks on a game that's 7 years old. (Small frills don't justify extra costs.)"
,Recommended,329050,16932260,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Lithalsa,"It's Devil May Cry 4, with the added bonus of being able to play as Vergil, Lady and Trish.Honestly, what more could you ask from a game?"
,Recommended,329050,16676122,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Zenok,It has Vergil in it...
76561198077854088,Recommended,329050,16839008,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,MaverickHunterX9,I got to look at Vergil in HD and beat demons with Vergil in HD 10/10 best game.
,Recommended,329050,17205863,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Colonel Crow,I hated DMC 4. DMC4 SE changes things enough for me to enjoy it. Currently at 10 hours and still have a lot to do in the game. The main campaign is still not as good as 3 - but that doesnt mean its a bad game. Legandary Dark Knight and Vergil specifically is what  make this game fantastic. Theres plenty of costumes too (which is nice). I've critqued this more on tumblr but if you like the DMC franchise this is a no brainer must have. My only real gripe is that outside of Legandry Dark Knight mode the game is a little easy.
,Recommended,329050,17212924,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Ruby Rose,Great game. Used a keyboard and didn't mind too much with the button mashing. Just adjusted the IJKL keys to the arrow keys. Just finished with Dante and Nero. Planning on playing the rest.
76561198078114739,Recommended,329050,17957499,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,ColonelZap,"Great game, so much better than the stupid reboot !!"
,Recommended,329050,19529301,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Light Up the Night,"A refreshing take on the original game. Well optimized, runs beautifully at maximum settings, and the extra content is a blast.You're gonna want a controller, though."
76561198024172411,Recommended,329050,16767254,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Vince,Play as vergil and teleport across the whole map.10/10 would teleport to the same mob over and over again.
76561198027068223,Recommended,329050,16840346,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,pillow demon,"This is my Bloody Palace playlist (work in progress):The Outline -ShotgunThe Outline -Death to Our EnemiesBlur -Song 2Muse -Panic StationAimee B -Future in My HandsI think it's a pretty good playlist, so I recommend this game.But admittedly, grounding this review based on a playlist of my own making would be terrible technique, so I'll attempt a different approach.I tried out the keyboard controls. Remapped jump to ""A"" and melee to ""H""AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAbtw that's how you jump cancel. Simple.Use keyboard controls and look up advanced tutorial guides, and use my jump/melee keyboard mapping. It'll be like furiously writing an essay, but textually laughing at random points in between.Highly recommended."
76561198079932507,Recommended,329050,19137810,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Student Driver,"This has the same storyline as the original DMC 4, but SE has 3 more playable characters."
,Not Recommended,329050,16660670,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Phantom Whale,"I thought I had pre-ordered one hell of a game, I was hyped for this. I can't even play the game because the character models refuse to load."
76561197987146627,Recommended,329050,19753773,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Rozen,"Godly as the the original. Have played this game roughly 300 Hours allready and still not getting tired. New playable Characters are well done, especially Vergil, badass as always. Good thing about it is you can play it in all difficulties, i.e just play human/devil mode and finish the game and be done, or if you like stylish fighting you can spend hours and days trying getting combos and mechanics into your brain. (Anyone who wants to know whats possible in this game could look on Youtube, for ""Truestyle Tournament"" to see, what i meant :PWorthy remaster also got some achievements that are some kind of challenge and alternative customes. People who love hack n slay will like this game for Sure."
,Recommended,329050,21220951,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Captainoffail,"Now this, is a Special Edition!"
76561198040983753,Recommended,329050,17625253,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,HollowShards,"This game... this game will make you feel like a badass at times, and break your balls at other times... and its amazing"
76561198196311793,Recommended,329050,21136575,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Amitmaycry,"Great story, excellent graphics&gameplay and always keeps me entertained.  Recommend to all!"
,Recommended,329050,20277784,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,R,You Shall Die!!
76561198136778943,Recommended,329050,21151529,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,heiralthe3rd,This is fun! Having three more characters just changes the gameplay! I also like the Legendary Dark Knight mode! It's not so much a difficulty like ''Dante must die'' but more of challenge where the number of enemies is greatly increased. It is satisfying to do combos on so many demons at the same time. Sometimes it can be quite a challenge.  Anybody who likes the original series of Devil May Cry should play it.  Just having access to Vergil is like having access to Zero in Megaman X 3!
,Recommended,329050,21406794,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Dreamnaught,R U READY?DMD dante is rude as hell.2motivated2buy dmc4 again.
76561198021847031,Recommended,329050,21075942,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Grumbleboots,A Capcom classic that runs on 60fps and looks great. A must have for anyone into stylized action games. I hope I'm not the only one out there that wishes for a PC port for the Devil May Cry Collection to round this out.
,Recommended,329050,20985984,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Shin Hanzo,"I have a damn good laptop but still have to run this at the lowest settings to play at full speed. Enough of that though... Let's get into this.-Takes everything about DMC 4 and upgrades the hell out of it.-3 New characters to destroy the demon horde with, and Vergil is just as amazing as he was in DMC 3 SE, but even better.-Jiggle physics.-Juggling demons-The special costumes are amazing and for the boys, the unlimited D. Trigger makes it all the better even more-Motivation intensifies-This will fill you with light-Jackpot/10"
76561198049483802,Recommended,329050,20962249,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Misha Needs Mana,♥♥♥♥s sake I finally figured out how to use blade charge after these many years.... feels good mate feels gud.
76561198045999201,Recommended,329050,22123541,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,ComradeSteaky,You have to have a controller. :/ Kinda unfortunate.7/10
,Recommended,329050,18124281,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,toki,Probably my favorite game of all time.
76561198005943728,Recommended,329050,17990740,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,MechaWorg,The time has come and so have I.10/10
,Recommended,329050,18159717,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Shadowclaw ◥θ┴θ◤ノ,Excellent gameplay and way better than the original Devil May Cry 4!
,Recommended,329050,18148374,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,SpaceLaser,"Please buy this game so Capcom makes a real DMC5. (This game is pretty good, too)"
76561198121106940,Recommended,329050,17431418,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,rallyD,"DMC4 special edition is a good improvment over it's original, Combat is still fun, flashy and stylish especially with the new playable characters. However because of the extra characters it made the back-tracking more tedious than before.  But even with the back-tracking I still had tons of fun playing and have plenty of reason to come back to try and master each character's unique traits such as Lady's ranged combat or Dante's different styles or Vergil's fast attacks (provided that everything doesnt die cos of his brokeness). Just make sure you play with a controller."
76561198025028633,Recommended,329050,16855281,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,crackers,"I do, in fact, come every time I play."
76561198024760432,Recommended,329050,16856178,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,panzer,the most realistic and content filled carpel tunnel simulator yet!i cant move my fingers anymore...10/10
,Recommended,329050,17420533,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,John Halo,The combat is intense and amazing and if you suck it's only because you aren't focused.Listen to some DnB or some♥♥♥♥♥♥in the background with turbo mode on and get super focused and you will DESTROY.Honestly my favourite game series and my favourite installment.Devil May Cry IS hack and slash.This is worth every dime dammit.10/-10
76561198046952439,Recommended,329050,17951820,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Night,"------------------->BeforeWish I'd looked deeper and found out this is meant for a controller not a keyboard and a mouse. I wont be able to play this game because i cant figure out any of the controls. They are all explained via controller talk so.. extremley disappointed. For someone with a controller id recommend but i jsut spent the past half hour trying to change it and i couldnt fix them so i wont recommened due to that. Im sure game is great though.------------------> AfterAfter my very generous friend let me borrow his pc friendly controller i now can play the game properly! I must say that Devil May Cry is better, in that it has more diverse combinations of moves, butis still a greaat game to play. I still dont suggest for anyone to paly with a keyboard and mouse, but thats just me. The game itself is great. Great voice acting too by nero.. gives me chills! Pretty good music, great video, but would love to have more mobs to kill. Overall great game, nice job!"
76561198034741712,Recommended,329050,17924013,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Talk ChingChong xD,vergil
76561198045119677,Recommended,329050,17950662,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Reggin,This game deserves 10/10 because Vergils in it.
,Recommended,329050,18001465,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Leonartha,great character add on
,Recommended,329050,18672302,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Rizzy,High Octane. Lots of Action.Just ignore the fact that you have to switch to Dante halfway through and learn a completely different play style that is DRASTICALLY different to Nero AND that the other two characters you can play as have absolutely nothing but intro cutscenes and that's it in terms of story.
,Recommended,329050,25595836,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,HOLYONE,"An amazing action game!!! Cheesy and sometimes absurd, but that's the charm of the Devil May Cry series. A must-buy if you like action games. and the grafhical upgrades capcom has done are solid."
76561198074309477,Recommended,329050,24332802,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,GOKUY,"New playable characters Vergil , Trish & Lady is very enjoyful. Extra content and costumes is cool. Enjoyful music and good effects and skills. Full controller supports easy control and support in any windows.*Score (10/10)*"
76561198047668943,Recommended,329050,24608647,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Nemrel,"Pro:+5 playable characters with distinct moveset (Nero still being my favourite)+a semigreat story with good characters+the best combat system in a Devil May Cry game till now+style and taint system gives motivation to get better at fighting+many different difficulty options which range from stupidly easy to insane hard, also the legenday Dark Knight difficulty in which you have to fight much more enemies at once+really good and fun boss fights+the Bloody Palace modeCons:-the second half of the game is recycled, where you have to revisit the same areas as in the first chapter and fight the same bosses again (except Angelo Creedo, which is in my opinion the most fun fight in the game)-no boss rush mode-some characters are way to strong (looking at you Vergil)-the new characters have no own story, except for 2-3 cutscenesConclusion:Devil May Cry 4 SE is in my opinion next to Devil May Cry 3 SE the best title in the series. It has the best combat system and the most playable characters yet. If you can overlook the recycled content, i highly recommened picking it up."
76561198117392915,Recommended,329050,24467741,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,dre_gon,"I honestly found this release somewhat lacking. It's pretty much the same thing as Devil May Cry 3's special edition. Yea you get to play as Virgil, but there's no new dialogue or cutscenes or anything that explain why Virgil is there in that city, or how he's even alive after all this time, not to mention how he never seemed to run into Dante or Nero at all.Yea it's fun to play as Virgil, especially with some refreshing new moves and some nostalgic old ones, but all in all there isn't anything new to the story to help put THIS version of the Devil May Cry series back on track.By no means am I saying this is a bad game. But I certainly had higher expectations for this game.Either way though, it's still better than DMC, so that's always a plus.6.5/10"
76561198164290963,Recommended,329050,24342194,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Ophidian,"Devil May Cry 4: Special Edition is an enjoyable game, and Lady was my favorite addition to the character roster because of her unique playstyle. But the game itself is still incomplete, even with the additional cast of playable characters.This ""edition"" of Devil May Cry 4 would have been a lot more ""special"" if the content cut from DMC4's initial development, like additional levels for Nero and Dante, along with a story campaign for Vergil (rumored to be a scrapped character from the standard DMC4), was worked on and re-integrated into the game.But I'll give Devil May Cry 4: Special Edition a thumb up, simply because it is a good Hack & Slash simulator to have in your Steam library if you haven't played or purchased the original version, and are a fan of the classic games. It's also a good counterpart to DmC: Devil May Cry, since you get to experience two alternating versions of the DMC mythos revolving around the sibling rivalry of it's warring protagonists (Dante and Vergil)."
76561198005715090,Recommended,329050,27084115,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kanreol,Virgil alone is worth it
76561198335765339,Recommended,329050,26483804,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,The Divine Bovine,"I am enjoying this game a lot!  SO glad they brought Virgil back as a playable character, even if he's not canon to the story or missions.  Also glad Trish and Lady were added with their own move sets instead of being alternate skins like the developers were considering.  Highly recommended!"
76561198154393321,Recommended,329050,25848618,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Visceraider,Why cant there be more games like this?Hopefuly DMC5 can have the flashy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t from the reboot with ALL the playables from this game.and of coarse the suvival is all that really matters.
76561198295629160,Recommended,329050,25929920,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,You slumber a cucumber,Amazing combat and awesome characters
76561198070265284,Recommended,329050,26356413,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Slaine ≧◡≦,DMC fan ever since and this is awesome  :D
76561198198751379,Recommended,329050,26347706,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,fascistfag,Great game to instantly triggered Sanctus.
,Recommended,329050,26940361,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,NewbiestNoob,"Story aside, the gameplay is simply awesome. With the addition of 3 characters from the vanilla, there's lots of replay value added to a game that already had loads of it."
,Recommended,329050,26846112,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Xeus,Virgil and Yamato.
,Recommended,329050,26299938,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,PromKing2010,"Just thought I'd give it a run and see what it was about cause this was my first time playing a Devil May Cry game and let me say, IT WAS AWESOME! Its challenging in its own little way! I really like it. 10/10 would buy again"
76561198117715821,Recommended,329050,23738404,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Blackquill,"If you're a fan of the traditional hack n slash gameplay of DMC-3, with some slightly more frustrating mechanics pinned onto it - then don't miss out on DMC4."
76561198302881042,Recommended,329050,23514568,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,RebornXLite,"i cant play. i start the game, it just hang inside,please help"
,Recommended,329050,23303083,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Sanguinius,"Excellent upgrade from Devil May Cry 4 however the major thing to notice is it does not run on weaker hardware like DMC4 did so be cautious if your rig is old, additional characters adds an extreme amount of replayability and makes the game feel like a fresh experience thanks to the vastly different movesets each one offers. Here's hoping we get a return to form with the series with a Devil May Cry 5!"
,Recommended,329050,23322912,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,RyomaSJibenG,"boy oh boy, kinda dissapointed a bithere i am thought its going to be a full game but hey they give you vergil, the main sellout point...and the girls too ofcbut lets be honest, if you love devil may cry, this is a must especially if you want DMC5"
76561198204690079,Recommended,329050,22284168,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Calamity Blaster,You shall die.
76561198112852732,Recommended,329050,22814542,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,BlipTheRadar,"Does killing demons in style sound like an occupation you'd be interested in applying for? Well, then this game just may be for you. Devil May Cry is a series that has been tailored for just that, destroying demons and feeling amazing about how slick you did it. This title is an expansion pack to the original Devil May Cry 4 adding in new features such as new playable characters, costumes, a new play mode and even minor tweaks to the gameplay mechanics.Devil May Cry 4 is what I like to call a Technical Action game. What this means is that the game possesses many mechanics that have the potential to be mastered and require a lot of knowledge about the game to use said mechanics well. However, with that in mind, there is no reason a person who is just a casual player looking to just slice enemies up couldn't enjoy this game as well.In terms of difficulty, this game is not lacking. There is a hefty amount of difficulty that this title brings to the table spread out across all of its modes. If you're a person who desires challenge, you'll find it here.There is a lot to be appreciated visually in Devil May Cry 4. Taking a close look at the construction of the environments will leave you with the feeling of believing these characters belong here. The overall design really goes well across the board and does it job well of pulling the player in.I could not have been much happier with this game due to my passion for Technical Action titles. The game felt really nice in term of controls and left me feeling really good about nearly every fight. I felt like there was always something new to learn and improve on, but also could really feel the progress I was making in my own performance as a player.Overall, I would recomment this game to almost anyone. Within DMC4 there is a lot to do, a lot to see and a ton to learn. Unless you're really opposed to difficulty, you should grab this title. This game is not much for story but it is mainly focused on giving the player a self created cinematic experience through the dynamic combat."
,Recommended,329050,22991134,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Myz,Recomended.
76561198065539847,Recommended,329050,22719721,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,AngryPanda,"There is nothing different here about the story or anything, the differences is: better textures, better frame rate (at least for me), and you can play with other characters. If you love Vergil then this is for you, Vergil here is awesome. You can play as Trish and Lady, they are pretty cool, you have new costumes, and pretty much the same as the older one, i recommend if you wanna get this for testing the new characters, wait for it to be on sale."
76561198036733903,Recommended,329050,22805439,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,WardenGage,"Alright, Devil May Cry 4: Special EditionLet me start by saying this port is NOTHING like DMC 3: SE, this one is much more optimized for PC play and honestly, i like using my Keyboard as much as my Controller (Yes, you can map keys AND controller, making it truly comfortable with either choice). I know it says i only have under 30 hours, most of which was spent in BLoody Palace and practice with all the characters, i spent at least 3 to 4 times this on the Devil May Cry 4 for Xbox 360. For the entire series, ive dropped around 250 to 300 hours total (Yes including DmC sue me) and it shines as one of th best examples of Stylish action hack and slash. Of course, there is also the Xbox One and PS4 version, but what honestly makes the PC version stand out to me is just how much cool tech is being found daily and the amazing things speedrunners are finding. Some people who played DMC 4 spent years perfecting combo's that they furthered with the three new characters.(WARNING POSSIBLE SPOILERS READ AT OWN RISK)Speaking of, the three new characters are:Vergil- Older Brother of Dante. A very technical character who can be hard to master, he has thankfully been WAY upgraded combo wise than in Devil May Cry 3 Special Edition, and like in DMC 3, you start the game with Beowolf and Force Edge, but now they, like Yamato and Vergils skills, are buffed and more versatile.Lady- Demon Hunter from DMC 3. Lady is centered around high damage and stringing gun combos between her two pistols, Shotgun, and Rocket Launcher. Not much to really say, as this was her first time being a playable character in a DMC game.Trish- Her moves copy Dante and Vergil, with some new flair and style in there. Her only other appearance being in Devil May Cry 2. I have personally never beaten Devil May Cry 2. She uses SParda, Twin pistols similar to Ebony & Ivory, and has lightning attacks. Her fighting style is similar to Rebellion Combo A and B, and similar to Beowolf and Gilgamesh combo's.The game runs at a smooth 60 fps but can run at higher frame rates. The graphics are stellar, the sound still amazing, and the gameplay improved. Sadly, they couldnt change around much, becuase the original was a rushed game. This one still has the parts where it was rushed, but it shouldnt bother you. The core aspect is to kick♥♥♥♥♥ get that SSS, and to hit that Jackpot!TL;DR:This is a great game, even with a $24.99 price tag, if you've NEVER played DMC 4, don't buy it and just purchase the Special Edition, the extra $5 is worth it when the base game is $19.99."
,Recommended,329050,22455192,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Proteus,nice one
76561198096791580,Recommended,329050,24127089,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,ScizorRising,"Well, to put it simply, if you played Devil May Cry 4 but you wanted to play as Trish, Lady or Vergil, then here you go. This is essentially a $25.00 DLC character pack that took 8 years to make. What the hell Capcom? Granted all of the characters are still fun to play as, although Trish and Vergil are slightly overpowered and completely break the game, but nothing else about the game has changed at all. Actually one thing has changed: no more multiple save files. Because that's what we wanted in a Devil May Cry game right? No! This is just lazy on Capcom's part to not even update the game at all with any new content besides alternate costumes and three new characters. I expected more from this update on my favorite Hack n' Slash series. The game is still loads of fun. But it hasn't changed at all since it was originally released back in 2008. I sound like a broken record, but if three extra characters for $25.00 tickles your fancy to re-buy a game that you likely already bought back in 2008 (like me), then go ahead."
,Recommended,329050,26744786,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,♚Cr[U]zE♚,"Don't buy this game if you haven't played normal Devil May Cry 4!!!You don't get any instructions about where to go, what to do!Else 10/10 to this game <3Vergil  so FAAAAAAST!!!"
76561198059343366,Recommended,329050,26410425,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Wolverine,Gloria turns me on.100/10And why the hell is the original version more expensive?
,Recommended,329050,29044239,Posted: 5 January,all,AwkNan,"My top 5 games of all time in list , in my opinion! Heavy story , great combat hack and slash and the most important thing is 60 FPS always. No lag no issue etc. Really recomended to buy this game for support the franchise and more sequel! Good job Capcom , I'll wait for the next Devil May Cry as always :)"
,Recommended,329050,28876617,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Mister Spock,"This is literally the coolest game I have ever played in my whole life. The style of this game the nasty way, the character style, and generally the story the game is just fierce!Respect the developer of the game <3"
,Recommended,329050,29009033,Posted: 4 January,all,DevilHunterSSS,Amazing remaster of an all time favorite!
76561198212395828,Recommended,329050,31883266,Posted: 21 May,all,xabysswalkerx,The Special edition was really worth itplaying with the new characters is really fun although i wish it had more story for the new charactersstill one of the most fun hack and slash games ever the pictures don't say much but the game is smooth as butter and you can get really good at it.
,Recommended,329050,32155245,Posted: 3 June,all,DuckitHax,This game is my childhood adulthood and everything absolutely perfect no game can ever surpass this beautifull story the perfect character design the amazing voice acting not even ff xv that is my second fav game can surpass this amazing story that i've been growing up with since the first ever demo of the first game up till now cant wait for 2018 and dmc 5
,Recommended,329050,25692704,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Dragons in Spaaaaaaaaace,EDITED REVIEW:I finally got my hands on a good 360 controller.  Fun game.
,Recommended,329050,27525914,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,uglus,"git gud,  then game gud"
,Recommended,329050,32074958,Posted: 30 May,all,D,Best game available on Steam. In my opinion.
,Recommended,329050,33270598,Posted: 5 July,all,Terravir,"Dive into the gore and mess as you slay your way through demonic forces with excellent gameplay mechanics that allow extremely high levels of skilled play, but is still accessible to new players to this genre. Juggle enemies in the air and smash them around in a high octane spectacle. Be advised that appart from the meatbag starter enemies, other enemies and bosses are typically more than a one-trick pony and will not just take what you have to give. Most enemies have a weakness, learning their particular styles and weaknesses is part of mastering the game.The story is nothing to amazing, it is amusing but the real fun is in the snarky one-liners and the absolute overly arrogant attitude of Dante and for that matter everyone else in the cast. I guess when you having the power to dropkick giant demons into submission does wonders for your self-esteem. Not being to story heavy and focussing more on the over the top action combat also does wonders for the replayability if you ever want to feel like a badass and just go to town on some demon scum, story be damned!For a Deluxe edition of a console port that came out well over 7 years ago it certainly looks respectable for its age due to using uncompressed textures this time around. The acquisition of ingame currency is sped up a bit so you unlock new skills much faster, which is a good thing if you ask me as this gives you more time to actually play and learn to master the goodies.The original DMC4 is still on Steam as well. Basicly just ignore the original and get this Special Edition. It is only little more expensive for 3 extra playable characters, better graphics, rebalances, new cutscenes and more. Making the Special Edition clearly the definitive version of DMC4. If you wait for a sale it'll probably also be cheaper than DMC4, during the Summer Sale DMC4 didn't even get discounted and DMC4SE was actually much cheaper."
76561198301682163,Recommended,329050,24431218,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,george_arodk,Great game!! Very recommended!!!
,Recommended,329050,27651543,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Vinyl,"the DMC series is a survival horror where you play as a serial♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥trying to escape his phobia of clowns and puppets.The graphics are okay, and the combos are ♥♥♥♥ing beefy as ♥♥♥♥ I'm talking beef and cheese, ♥♥♥♥ing manly weight behind EVERY slash ♥♥♥♥ing ripping into♥♥♥♥♥♥Over all this is a pretty good game, though I wish I could play as Dante more.0/5 SHE'S GOT NO♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,329050,29625216,Posted: 1 February,all,Ni$HAN,had best experience with hack and slash gamesit really satisfying killing and slashing with that amazing fight art and game playtotally recommending it.the only thing bothers me is there is no save option during a mission so you have to a commit a 10-20 min for a mission.
,Recommended,329050,30069933,Posted: 20 February,all,DarK DragoN,Devil May Cry is just an awesome game. I played All the franchises and they are all great games to play.
76561198100765303,Recommended,329050,31057460,Posted: 10 April,all,nekonthevoidfox,"im a huge fan of the devil may cry series of games and i had owned 4 for the 360 but dont have xbox one to get special so im glad its here on steam. i love playing this game and seeing all these different costume mods on youtube people have made for the game. i have beat it with dante, nero, and vergil ((yes i got all the dlc for the game also. yes i chessed it and used the supers to beat the game.)) though i still need to complet lady and trishes story mode though i like playing the game love it."
,Recommended,329050,32414466,Posted: 14 June,all,keV-o™,"Great game, only get if you are a big fan of the franchise."
76561198064409777,Recommended,329050,32367379,Posted: 12 June,all,BatDan64,one of the best action games ever made. please capcom make DMC5.
,Recommended,329050,32364053,Posted: 12 June,all,BK201Kirito,"This is an epic Game, this is how a stylist action genre is made."
,Recommended,329050,33527788,Posted: 13 July,all,DJAYZON,this game is soo nice and crazy
76561198188750622,Recommended,329050,33400270,Posted: 9 July,all,UBaShiRi,I like it.
76561198055850911,Recommended,329050,33558448,Posted: 15 July,all,Jordan,"If you have to get more orbs or souls, don't buy the red orbs, proud souls, or blue orbs dlc, just use cheat engine. It's already in the game so it isn't really dlc. just an easily evaded microtransaction."
,Recommended,329050,33311667,Posted: 6 July,all,Nozferotus,MANTAP COEG
76561198075937245,Recommended,329050,33329466,Posted: 6 July,all,nukie,Really love the original dmc
,Recommended,329050,23173526,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Gnaw :],"The Devil May Cry series has always delivered when it comes to its action, memorable characters, and intriguing story.(forget about the reboot) DMC4se is no exception. The base game itself is already a masterpiece, and the addition of new content adds to it. The only real negatives I can list about the game is that the new characters offer little new story, only a few added cutscenes, which in of itself is completely acceptable as they didnt have to add anything  new in terms of story. DMC4 offers a masterfully executed action rpg experience which doesnt hold your hand, and makes the player adapt to the problems that the enemies create. The game holds extreme amounts of depth and a high skill ceiling, so  there is always room to improve. Even after it has been out for a while the game holds up incredibly well, and will continue to do so later 10/10also Vergil is in it. 20/10"
,Recommended,329050,33190849,Posted: 3 July,all,RobertCopper,"Not so good level wise compared to DMC3, but it's still an awesome game"
76561198063920595,Recommended,329050,33231961,Posted: 4 July,all,Egres122,Literally everything that is great about the first game but with 3 extra characters and costumes.
,Recommended,329050,33806568,Posted: 26 July,all,coppe_e (大久保 桜子),"+new character with their own advantages and disadvantages love vergil and trish so much <3 <3+every monster you slash make your stress level gone away-no new story/cutscene for new character (only have new opening, still cool though)Best game 8/10"
,Recommended,329050,33848106,Posted: 27 July,all,BobShlob,very nice game yes
76561198079877824,Recommended,329050,33896827,Posted: 29 July,all,Akame,Great game
76561198066697880,Recommended,329050,34402922,Posted: 21 August,all,Kiligen,"It is impossible to do the secret quest 4 with Vergil.... -.-"" Fix IT!"
,Recommended,329050,30060552,Posted: 20 February,all,ZED,"The game is just amazing! PC port is not a problem, you'll get used to it in 2 minutes. The combos couldn't be more satisfying to perform. The Normal mode is not that easy, and some combos are hard to remember. Smashing buttons would do the trick.I wish Capcom would make a remake out of this and add a multiplayer mode and some extra content.10/10 Best Hack and Slash game ever made.[EDIT AFTER LOTS OF GAMEPLAY HOURS]This game is INSANELY HARD. I mean I'm a Dark Souls 3 player as well, but damn this game is way harder. First you start with Devil Hunter mode which is the normal difficulty (unless you're a coward you can start with ""human"" mode which is the easy one) then you go Son Of Sparda mode which is HARD!!!!! and then bloody Dante Must Die which is GODDAMN SUPER HARD!!!!!.........and then there's Legendary Dark Knight....it's the mode where enemies start spawning everywhere and you can't see anything and just get rekt by a gang of 100 insects and screen lag (it's probably because my pc can't handle it).So to put it in a nutshell Dante Must Die and Legendary Dark Knight are modes for REAL HARDCORE GAMERS WHO WANT TO RAGE, BREAK CONTROLLERS AND KEYBOARDS AND GET♥♥♥♥♥♥♥BY THE GAME.Oh and there's the Bloody Palace mode: it is actually a BLOODY GODDAMN PALACE:it's like a survival mode where you have 101 levels with 6 bosses (one every 20 levels). You feel like it's never gonna end, because it'll take you at least an hour to finish it. Wait till you rage like I did at the last level where the boss had 10% hp and killed me. I broke my chair eventually.420/10 would rage and break my chair again.PS: I haven't tried Hell and Hell mode yet: it's the mode where you die in one hit...CAN THIS GAME GET ANY HARDER ?[EDIT AFTER BEATING HELL AND HELL MODE]Hell and Hell summarized: You have 3 revives, you die in one hit. You should take a♥♥♥♥♥♥and put on some deodorant before jumping in that mode because you'll spend a lot of time trying to dodge every single hit and breaking your fingers trying to kill bosses."
,Recommended,329050,34428705,Posted: 22 August,all,Dore,Really love the action - so far this is the only action game that I play over and over.
,Recommended,329050,34442042,Posted: 23 August,all,(N)ez,DMC Lovers
76561198101369184,Recommended,329050,34506601,Posted: 26 August,all,Cole Train,Love it
,Recommended,329050,34510713,Posted: 26 August,all,👑 TECHBOY312 👑,"great game,but the controlls are very ♥♥♥♥ing terrible.definently reccomend a controller as using a keyboard (yes,only keyboard.no ♥♥♥♥ing mouse) is hard as ♥♥♥♥,mainly because of the ♥♥♥♥ing terrible camera and the only way to move that♥♥♥♥♥♥is to use the ♥♥♥♥ing arrow keys...WTF!!!!however,great game :)"
76561198094901659,Recommended,329050,34490538,Posted: 25 August,all,你媽B的,"Best game ever for me.Now vergil is back to this demon world with two hot chicks, and he is still dominating especially the super version.DMC4 is a masterpiece that combined with awesome charcaters, awesome battle experience and awesome story.So trust me my friend, I really suggest you to try it even you have played DMC4 before."
76561198261289767,Not Recommended,329050,33247955,Posted: 4 July,all,DarkVenom407,:BUY THE GAME ON CONSOLE !!!!: After playing this game for sometime now i see that it crashes frequently the game itself is amazing but the support from steam and capcom dont give a ♥♥♥♥ about it or the pc itself. no refunds and no support i rebought the game on my ps4 and its amazing way much better than the pc. overall capcom games are for console only !!!!! they dont support pc and wont fix anything and will just spend you time and money. the game is a 9/10 for me (ps4) but on pc its a 4/10 very dissapointing !!! dont waste your money guys !!!!
,Recommended,329050,34673875,Posted: 1 September,all,Saint Steezy -Raij1n-,"i] 3 WORDS : i]""I NEED MORE POWER!""	[/i]"
76561198284879107,Recommended,329050,34672919,Posted: 1 September,all,MoogoTony,"Great title, great series. I loved this when it came out, and still do. It's one of the games I go back to every once in a while, and I'm extremely happy that it came to Steam. And with an upgrade, no less! If you're a fan of hack & slash, this is one to add to your collection. Along with everything else DMC related. Yes, even the one just called DMC. Anyways, great game. Do what you will with that information. After all, you are your own person. Though you will be your own SAD person if you die without ever having played this. Have a good one!"
,Recommended,329050,34624185,Posted: 30 August,all,slampgud,Good game 7/10 would play agen
,Recommended,329050,35090137,Posted: 20 September,all,Guaspi,"If you never played it before, this is the chance."
,Recommended,329050,35012790,Posted: 16 September,all,RedReign,"Not like this game needed a remaster (but who's complaining), still very glad to see CAPCOM uphold their classic titles. My first experience with DMC was the DMC4 demo on the Xbox 360 fighting Burial back in 2008. That fight alone made me want this game. I never actually ended up buying the game for 360 and I am glad I didn't either. In 2010 I found that it had been developed for PC as well and I had a PC to play it on all maxed settings. It was a very good experience especially since I was only 13.This game shall always be a classic for me."
,Recommended,329050,35416591,Posted: 2 October,all,DARKSLAYER,best hack and slash system of all time
