user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197965777212,Recommended,329130,14641002,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,natesternberg,"This is a mesmerizing and addictive game.  The idea is not new: design a spaceship, battle other spaceships, mine resources in order to buy ship upgrades, repeat.  But this game stands out for a few reasons.First is the realism of ship design.  You assemble your ship out of a stock of components in a editor reminiscent of Microsoft Visio (but better; MSFT ought to hire this guy).  In most games like this, you might, say, upgrade to Engine IV, which makes you move at speed 8.  In Reassembly, your ship's behavior is instead calculated as a consequence of your design.  Speed, for example, is a result of your thrust and mass, but in addition, maneuverability is a result of where you put your thrusters, how they're angled, your ship's center of gravity (which is indicated in the ship editor), etc.  If your ship doesn't handle the way you like, it's your fault, and you can easily fix it.Second is the AI behavior.  All ships seek resources which grow on space rocks.  Lots of small ships hover around these rocks harvesting what they can find; a few medium-size ships prowl around the perimeter hunting the small ships; and occasionally capital ships arrive and destroy everyone.  It feels rather like an ecology simulator, with minnows nibbling at coral reefs, big fish eating the minnows, and so on.  Since the universe is dynamically generated, I assume this 'ecology sim' behavior isn't hard-coded, but is emergent behavior of the ship AI.  Anyway, it makes you feel that you're inhabiting a living world.It's beautiful, too, with a minimal color palette standing out against stark black space.  Hundreds of ships can be onscreen at a time without the game apparently breaking a sweat (thanks Reassembly developer, for actually caring about performance).  And the trance-y music complements the minimalist esthetic nicely.If you built Lego spaceships as a kid, or you have scuba dived in a coral reef and liked it, you should play this game."
76561198007324693,Recommended,329130,13100515,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Deluks,"Upon trying this out, I really did not know what to expect. At first, however, I found myself a little lost in this strangely organic world that is somewhere in the far reaches of space.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=swxfEZJtZAkIt doesn't take long for you to realize that you are not alone, and, in fact, you have a whole faction that shares your own desire for expansion in the untamed universe. Unlike many in this loose genre, you fight side by side with your AI friends from beginning to end.Make no mistake, this is, at it's core, a block building game, where you build your spaceship, and can build fleets of custom ships to fight with you or just let them loose to go it on thier own. Where they will build more ships of thier own and fight the good fight for the faction gathering resources and growing your empire just like yourself. In many ways, when I play this I feel like just another small, but important, peice of a larger hive doing my part. Although I would like to think that I might contribute a little more than my AI companions, I hope.In Reassembly, you will explore, expland, exploit, and exterminate. Yes, this is, in fact, a 4X game, hidden underneath a very well crafted version of a top down space shooter.The more I play, the more I want to play, and I find myself losing time. It's worth the money."
76561198019666598,Recommended,329130,32703449,Posted: 23 June,all,Grotty Bugger,"Reassembly is an outstanding game, I highly recomend it. Collect resources, buy new parts, design your ship to it's full potential, take over new territory, unlock new factions, and the process repeats itself.But each time you play there are new challenges and new ways to play, offered by the seven diverse factions included in the game, and the thousands of workshop mods and contributions. The graphics are incredible and really bring the best out of a 2D game, offering vibrant and extensively customisable colour schemes. Arguably the game's best feature, however, is the stunning ship design platform that far out-plays any other vehicle design I've ever seen in a game, allowing you to place, rotate, and resize each individual block of each individual ship that you build. The way you build your ships determine how well they will do in the diversity of space, having to tough out aggressive forests of spiky plants, angered factions, explosive rocks and swarms of teleporting drones.If you are particularly happy with a fleet you have created, you can pitch them up against your steam friends' fleets in heated Tournament mode, or even export them and send them to the workshop for anyone to try out.The soundtrack is also very nice, fitting nicely in the background of the game. Whether you are battling a fleet of crystalline ships or spending time tweaking your mothership's design, the music creates a simple yet entertaining space themed aesthetic to suit the game perfectly. (plus you can buy it separatley as DLC; if it's DLC worthy then it's gotta be good m79)Despite the single-player gem of a game this is, many people including me have been asking for a multiplayer mode for a L O N G  time, so if you are thinking that this is a space-themed MMO, you've come to the wrong place. There also haven't been many major updates of the game for a while, so I think the devs are happy with the game for now; don't expect any major new content being released.If you want to see some gameplay, I recomend a youtuber called Deluks Gaming, he does very good Let's Plays that teach you the basics of the game (plus many tournament videos) and can give you a feel for it and whether it's a good game for you or not.The game I think does take a while to get hold of, despite that you can never lose and there are infinite save files for you, and I think it attracts a particular audience, which is why it isn't a lot more popular than it currently is. Hopefully this has been helpful, I really can't stress how good the game is; take advantage of the sales and get it while it's cheaper ;)"
,Recommended,329130,14557405,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Pitoua,"Bought this game for 31.99$, a day later it's 16.99$. Not even mad, played it for 11 hours straight. 11/10 would pay double price again. As a fan of stardrive this game takes the spaceship building aspect far and above it, floating aimlessly in space looking for ships to destroy and factions to unlock, then all of a sudden a super mega ultra death juggernaut destroys my fleet in one hit... Next objective? REVENGE. 10 hours later, mission success.It's a hard game to describe with words, either watch some videos/streams, or take a chance and buy it! the price is a steal!"
,Recommended,329130,13370482,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,masakari24,"I woke up in the middle of the night last night with a vision of a new ship. I got up, built it and played it for hours. I hope it spawns in your world and haunts your dream too."
,Recommended,329130,17306275,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Fiddlebog,"This is an amazing game that I have spent (probably too many) hours on. It's based around the concept of being able to both design and pilot a ship to conquer the galaxy with (perhaps with the help of your homegrown fleet). There are tons of options/possibilities, and that's incredibly exciting.TL;DR-Amazing game, would be the best game ever created if it weren't for the disgusting pile of bugs/glitches.There are a lot of reasons I would recommend this game despite the issues I'll comment on farther down.-When you get hit somewhere your health bar doesn't drop, you lose that part of your ship. Your thrusters got blown off and your only weapon faces forward? Sucks.-Every faction truly plays differently. It's not a game of ""What weapons am I gonna rambo with this time?"" It's more like ""These are my options, now what am I going to do with them?""-The physics are great and really consider a lot of important factors such as center of mass and thruster location.-The music is astounding. Gives a nice space-y feel and also compliments the actual gameplay quite well.-Buildup from small to large ships doesn't feel grind-y and boring. It's just a different phase of the game, where instead of taking on giant death machines you go around activating stations and collecting resources from easier sources.-Ships made by other players spawn in your world, so you get a lot of variety.-The graphics are great. Frankly, I'm sick of repeated textures and copied/pasted environments. The basis on particles makes each game experience unique both visually and in regards to gameplay.However, this game feels like it never left alpha/beta phase. There are insane numbers of holes in regards to instructions/development. A minor example (that still bugs me quite a bit) is part tool-tipping. Many have descriptions while even more have no real explanation whatsoever.  The number of typos is also embarrassing.The number of general options is also a joke. Why do I have to turn autozoom off every time I start the game? And why do I have to deal with that stupid tutorial every time I start a new file? There's no skip option! And don't even get me started on those quests that never go away (why should I have to minimize the HUD just to sweep the pathetic tutorial under the rug?)The biggest issue has got to be the bugs, though. So. Many. Bugs.-The game crashes frequently during ship construction or even just flying around. Or sometimes it will freeze for 2 or 3 minutes just 'cause.-Sometimes I catch allied ships desperately trying to kill themselves on asteroids. I mean, just slamming into them and then keeping thrusters full speed ahead until they finally explode.-Sometimes the above happens to me and gives me no control over it. Even if I'm holding ""X"" to stop the freaking ship.-Lag lag lag. I know this is a particle-based game, but come on. Going through Spiky Plant territory means sending the game into slow motion (about 1/2 time, maybe slower).-Weird glitches regarding exploring. Sometimes my territory goes from my ownership to ""unexplored"" or no-ownership unexpectedly. Even if I'm sitting in the middle of that territory with a few stations and a fleet of 50 ships. There are other similar glitches, such as arrows pointing to stations that don't exist.-Lots of glitchiness surrounding drones/missiles. Particularly during ship construction. Sometimes the parts just do really weird things like spawn a missile inside of the ship, which leads to all kinds of glitchiness. I once had a ship I was working on explode into a few pieces IN THE EDITOR because of a stray missile.There are a few non-bug-related issues with the game IMO, but those are actually pretty minor. Compared to the bug issues, I often forget they're even issues at all.I could go on and on about all the glitches in this game. It's insane and needs to be addressed more immediately. I love this game for the ideas/concepts and gameplay. It's really fun and has a lot of awesome mechanics. The brilliance and creativity that went into making this work of art are just enough to overlook the pile of crap that is the coding/attention-to-detail."
,Recommended,329130,13440485,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Weldon,"Short Version:Crack. Heroin. Nicotine. Alchohol. Reassembly. What do these things have in common? They're all highly addictive. With that being said, Reassembly deffinately has it's faults, but if their's something that interests you about this game, then it's probly worth checking out.Long Version:Reassembly is a 2d, top down, vector graphic space shooter that lets you build your own fleet to conquer the galaxy with. You start out the game with a few premade ships to select from, a faction that looks just like you, and a galaxy full of things that want to kill you. Your objectives are to capture space stations, gather raw resources, turn them into your faction for credits, use those credits to research new parts and upgrade the power of your ship. The further into the galaxy you go, the harder it gets. Whilst exterminating all life that isn't allied to you from the galaxy, you use the very easy to use ship builder to customize or build from scratch both your ship, and your allied ships. (They either automatically spawn based on designs from your inventory, or are spawned by you from a factory ship.) When designing a ship, you can also elect to 'test' your ship in a series of 1v1 ai controlled deathmatches, exactly like the anisoptera contests.Then there's the asynchronus multiplayer, this game's greatest feature, and biggest pitfall. Essentially, ships that other players have designed will be found strewn throughout the galaxy, in their own factions. Typically, these factions are far stronger than any of the vanilla factions you will encounter, however, that's not true of all of them. For example, one user created a troll ship in the sandbox mode, which allows ship designs that aren't legal in the normal game mode. Only now, here's that ship in _my_ normal game mode. I have a problem with that. Further compounding this problem, are the contest ships. Those ships are purpose built to fall into a specific category of ship, and dominate anything with the same power level or below. Sounds about right, doesn't it? I mean, isn't that the whole point of the contest, and ship design in general? The problem is, you're playing a game that isn't a 1v1 deathmatch. You need storage tanks for your raw resources, factories to spawn your death fleet, and just in general use components that take up space that could be used for more killing devices, or maneuverability. For example, one ship I came across was designed to ram into you, shove a ton of armor between you and his control module, while having 6 plasma cannons on these fragile little arms. The idea being, there's no way for you to chew through his armor before those untouched cannons melt your entire ship. This works great in those ai controlled deathmatches, however it's completely useless in the main game. I'd like to see all sandbox ships blocked from the main game, as well as a user set flag in the designer for ""competition mode"" or some such, where any ships that have that flag aren't used for the main game.I've come across few other issues, like occasionally getting stuck in other objects when changing your ship (solved with a relog) and minor bugs.An early access game, and my complaints are fairly minor in nature? Why are you still reading? Go forth and buy immediately! ;)"
76561198044812702,Recommended,329130,14578810,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Architect of Domination,"Crazy addicting game, play at your own risk!If this game had multiplayer, I would convert the bathroom into a computer room and probably die from starvation.Edit:I have found the game to be rather limited, its great fun but after about 15 hours you will hit a wall where there really is not much to do and you will feel like you have done almost everything. ALTHUGH it was still incredibly fun, and I feel it's well worth its price."
76561198068534122,Recommended,329130,16426417,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,ritianfitchett,"So I've got about 100 legitimate hours of playing this game. That's split between playing the singleplayer, building ships for tournaments, watching my ships compete in tournaments, and sharing and battling ships with friends.This is, in all honesty, one of the best space-ship games I've ever played. The game itself is built on very simple components: simple physics, simple graphics, and simple 2-D exploration. However, it is the way these parts fit together under the fantastic music and brilliant vector-based combat that just draw you in. Very immersive, very fun, very addicting, and by far the best ship builder in any space game I've ever played. The ship builder and sharing tools are really the highlights of the game.What there is to do:-Build ships from scratch-Fly ships in open 2D space-explore procedurally generated content (As with all games that rely on procedurally generated content, the wow factor goes away pretty fast. Thankfully, this isn't what the game relies on to stay fun)-Unlock new ship pieces and build better ships out of the scrap of your defeated foes.-Build a factory and begin constructing a fleet- Battle fleets made by other players at hotly contested wormholes (There is no multiplayer, but the AI is VERY good and it pilots the fleets that players themselves upload. It priotizes the fleets made by steam friends)-Enter the wormhole to upload your fleet-share ship.lua files with friends and pit them in 1v1 battle in tournament mode to see who can make the best ship.-7 playable factionsThat's about it. One last note, it seems that the developer is pretty much done with the game. There haven't been any major patches since the launch and the forum activity has died down quite a bit, but I believe the last thing that's being set up for this game is compatibility with steam workshop so that all future content will come from the game's players rather than the devs."
76561198017871005,Not Recommended,329130,15923190,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Einhart,"I like this game, but it gets stale very quickly and the developer didn't deliver on the promises made during early access.  The game is exactly the same as it was when it came out on Steam, with the only major addition being a ""tournament"" mode where you plop a couple ships into a ladder to see which one wins out.The aesthetic is interesting, but ultimately the actual game is shallow.  Most of the gameplay comes from designing your ship and seeing how it fares in combat, but the combat is doesn't have strategic depth other than ramming or kiting.  Your design slowly moves away from what you'd call an actual spaceship and more towards a geometric shape with internal engines.  A basic square filled with as many weapons and shields as possible is simply better than trying to create anything that's actually interesting.  Ship combat, therefore, devolves into a blob of shields mounted on a square careening through space and slamming into other blobs of shields in an orgy of lasers and missiles.  It looks nice, but carefully designing a ship isn't worth the effort.The design system is simple and easy to understand, but in practice it just falls flat.The ""living world"" is also not really what you'd expect.  Capturing territory across the galaxy becomes an exercise in Exterminatus from Warhammer 40,000.  You bring as many ships as possible and cleanse every single enemy ship from an area of the map, which then switches colour to your faction.  That's it.  You don't get any resources, your own ships don't start to spawn there, not even a message appears on screen.  A part of the map changes colour, and you move on to the next area.  Eventually this devolves into chasing one tiny little gnat of a ship that can't even hurt you across your territory because it keeps reclaiming tiles.  It's tedious.Don't get me wrong, I liked this game, but it is very shallow and the replayability just isn't there."
,Recommended,329130,14598242,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Killerdude,"Wow, Is all I can say really.This is just an incredible game, I bought it and started playing at around 8PM, Next thing you know, I take a second glance at the clock and it's 5AM.There are 7 factions, they all play and work differently, One faction is the high damage, high armour faction, but all but one of their weapons cannot do damage to shields. Another faction has incredibly low armour/health, but has the highest damaging weapons. You unlock the other factions by killing large valuable ships of that faction, once you kill a certain amount, or a certain value of ship, You unlock that faction to play as.Ships are assigned value based on their size, So for instance, if your build cap is 500P, and you build a ship up to say, 460P, your ship is worth 460P. Most factions will cap out at 8,000P, and it will take some time to get there.Inside each map, There are usually around 8-10 ""Agents"" Agents being player fleets spawning in your world, They can range from being total garbage, to an impossible force. Each time you go through a Wormhole, the way you change maps, It will spawn your current fleet setup randomly in other players worlds.The gameplay is very nice, It plays like a twin stick shooter and it works. The game itself is very well optimized, even after spawning around 150 large ships it still ran smoothly and at a decent framerate. The graphics are nice and stylized.I really have nothing negative to say about this game, It's just amazing.With 22 hours in the game, I've managed to completely clear only 2 of the 7 Factions, By that I mean, unlocking all the parts, upgrading the build cap to max and building a very powerful ship. With it's recent price drop to 17$, It's DEFINITELY worth the price, You'll be getting a lot of game.Solid 10/10, You NEED to buy this game."
,Recommended,329130,20322740,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Karl,"Just get the damn game, its worth more than its full pricealso...THE COMMUNITY IS SCREAMING FOR MULTIPLAYER"
,Recommended,329130,14631492,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Elate,"If you like Battleships Forever or Captain Forever, this game is for you. (They're both freeware so go try them if you're interested in this.) It takes the concepts of both, and throws in a bit of Starsector (namely the fleet mechanics) for good measure to make a game I've poured hours into already. (As of writing, I've played it for 10.8 hours. I bought it yesterday.)While some have also compared it to Gimbal, I'd say only at the very start. The comparison starts losing ground once you get the bigger ships.Where this stands out is the.. well, game. BF and CF are both fun for a short play, but don't have many backing gameplay mechanics. Reassembly gives you economies, waring fations, fleet control and quite a bit of variety (Though I'd like to see mod support in the future for even more pieces/factions). Each faction also plays differently in various ways, for example, one can plant and grow their own resources, but seem to be lacking in firepower, another has literal nukes, but no shields, and so on, it forces a change in tactics when it comes to ship design that keeps things fresh. With all that in mind, it's still a sandbox, outside of the tutorial, what you do is purely up to you with zero guidance, I personally like that, some might not.It should also be noted it seems to run superbly. I have a fairly powerful machine, but any game with 1000s of ships/particles will slow it down some. This doesn't, I've had fleets of hundreds of ships facing off against each other, and it has stayed at a stable 60fps.All in all, one of the best games I've purchased in a very long time.EDIT: Apparently mod support is already somewhat in the game. I got ahead of myself."
,Recommended,329130,14822436,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,x3n0ph0b3,"In my opinion, this is the best purchase I've made all year.Synopsis:You fly ships and blow things up, exploring new sectors and conquering the universe. You collect resources.  You upgrade your blueprints and your ""power level"" to build bigger, better ships.Eventually you can build ""factories"" on your ships, which allow your ships to produce even more ships. These ships become part of your ""fleet"", allowing you to get into bigger, better fights.Upgrades are permanent. Possibilities are almost endless.What I love:1) Few restrictions are imposed on designs. Making ships is a blast. Learn the shortcuts.2) Factions and weapons vary well. Each has strengths and flaws. There is no magic bullet.3) The learning curve to designing ships is rewarding. You will quickly discover what doesn't work.4) Making mistakes is okay. Your flagship is basically free. You can recover from losses easily.5) Fights are exciting, managing your fleet is addictive. This game is fun for me.6) The objectives aren't super important. My goal is to conquer the universe.Cons, which I hope to explain away:1) The music became repetitive. I replaced it with my own, no big deal.2) The building interface is tricky at first. Learn the shortcuts.3) Controlling ships is tricky at first. Don't neglect propulsion in all directions.4) Rarely, I will get ""stuck"" on things on collision. It may be a bug, but I try not to hit things.5) [Related] an ""impending collision indicator"" would be awesome. Seriously.6) I feel like dismantling ships you don't want for money/scrap should be a thing you can do.7) I hate tutorial popups.Give me a help window to explain the controls in full, I'll refer to it as needed.Don't interrupt me while I'm destroying the universe.This problem is a minor annoyance at the beginning of a new campaign.I really feel like this game outshines. It is definitely worth the $15 for me."
,Recommended,329130,15295796,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,TasuLife,"Extreamly addicting and fun game.  The ship designing system and balance is brilliant, as is the economy and ship-reproduction system.  Good for about 40 hours of intense gaming. WOW.My only gripe is that after playing the game as the starter race for about 40 hours and hitting the part cap, I hit a wall because I got the feeling I'd expereinced everything in the game.  In my opinion, the other races and the ""clean out the entire universe"" tasks aren't as compelling as the development of increasingly complex and dangerous ships as you ""level up"".  The honeymoon ends once you hit the part cap.In my opinion, if there were no part cap, i would probably play this forever making like deathstars at some point."
,Recommended,329130,34200424,Posted: 12 August,all,MadeBySaints,"Today, I'm going to write a review for Reassembly, and I hope it reaches everyone who is thinking about purchasing this game.Where to start...Reassembly throws you into a hostile universe, riddled with factions that care only about your destruction.When starting, there is a very gradual, and intuitive learning curve, with just enough complexity to keep you coming back for more. Even after unlocking all factions, and playing with a few which are community created, I still find this game highly replayable. Reason? Space domination of course!There still seem to be a few balancing issues with several of the factions, but this game is damn well polished.- Very high replay value. With an endless combination of building possibilities, Reassembly rivals some of the more well known indie games. With multiple universes/galaxies to explore, and constantly discovering new player created enemies. I have to give this game a 9/10 for replayability alone- Very nice points system (R, C, P). The system seems designed to make you feel very powerful, and like you are accomplishing a lot when playing. However it does not make you feel over powered (except some player created factions). Player factions aside this game makes you feel like you are getting your moneys worth. 10/10- Excellent use of propulsion/collision, and super cool, almost retro feeling graphics make Reassembly feel very polished. 9/10- Amazing ecosystems. Reassembly has one of the most organic ecosystems I have ever encountered. From enemies repopulating, to the way a single space plant can launch a seed, stick to another asteroid, and begin growing to produce more seeds and plants, alone, makes this game worth it's price point. ShUT UP AND TAkE MY MUNNY! 10/10- Music. I don't even know how to explain this one - The soundtrack to Reassembly is one of the absolute best soundtracks you could ever hope for in a space game. It really makes you feel at home in the game, and is extremely well done. Whoever created the music for Reassembly deserves a raise of epic proportions! I would have to say that the soundtrack drew me in more than anything. Usually when playing a game, I like to mute the music volume, and play my own tunes, but with this, I just like to turn the music volume up! Bravo to the Maestro! 10/10Overall I have to say that I have fully enjoyed the experience bestowed upon me by Reassembly. If you're thinking about getting this game, I absolutely recommend jumping the fence, and going for it! I hope to see updates to this game in the future, but as of right now, the game is amazing as it stands.Overall score for this game:9.7/10Great game, and very cool creations by the community. You will enjoy this game, if your thing is ship building, and quasi space exploration.Thanks for reading! I hope you enjoy it as much as I did!"
76561198158497062,Recommended,329130,28551110,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Trotsky ''Supreme Soviet'',"This is the videogame example of smashing lego ships into eachother just because.instead, you now want your ship to survive.This can be done with 1 of 7 factions1 Terran : Starter faction, very balanced but with powerful shielding and good armor2 Farmer : A pretty weak faction but it has plants making it able to just swarm you, or you raid them for it.3 Red : The Hardmode, you want a challenge, then this faction is for you. It's armor is VERY weak but also gets repaired VERY quickly.4 Tinkrell : 1 of the better factions, these got frontal modular cannons. Want a fast shooting, high damage, high velocity armageddon weapon which eats your entire energy reserve in a second? Yup, this one has it.5 Crystalline : A very basic faction having weapons which grow, very big armor and some missiles for the mix. I like them, a lot.6 Bees : Yes, bees. You got bees, be happy now as these bees are gonna sting you to death with Quadro Doombeams doing the most damage in close range you can dream of, and they got cities, and they are very explosive.7 Sentinel : My favourite faction personally, they got very good ramming armour, they got some good weapons like the Annihilator, well their only weapon really with the frontal charge beam, but, here's the good part : Nukes, yes glorious nukes. AoE Emperors of damage, trouble with that big ship or that clustered fleet? Do a nuke and BAM they're just gone.Now there's an 8000P limit, fine by me. But you can also go 1 step further and download a no P limit mod, which enables you to build 100.000p titants if you also have the no credits for more p mod.If you get this game, I would highly recommend these Youtubers as they got some glorious playthroughs of each faction :Lathland :https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFLXUteuWTuXIjxf2OpKC4ADeluks :https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCqL-N_DJp3az5vyrUB8♥♥♥♥♥And sometimes Deluks also does tournaments which are really cool, and Lathland is just a very good Youtuber."
,Recommended,329130,16321089,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Sophia Makoto,"Of all the space, building, sandbox, and customizable games I've played, this one is way up in my top favorites. For those who love to be creative, this game is a must-get.PROS:+ Full customization of ships and stations, shape by shape. This is a huge plus for those who love to build things from the ground-up.+ Ship building is very well structured and stable. Rarely are there frustrating moments where blocks don't do what I want.+ Semi-open world (the world loops, but you can travel to new maps too.)+ Nice graphics & well-built. Nothing too fancy, but still fitting. This game isn't too demanding in general, in terms of hardware.+ Easy to get the hang of. It doesn't take too long to figure things out.+ Forgiving gameplay. If you die, you lose all your resources that you were carrying, but if you're nearby enough, you might be able to rush back to pick it up.CONS:- Frustrating at times. There will be times when you have those ""BS"" moments, and indeed, it gets rather annoying sometimes.- Trial-by-fire learning curve. I advise against going to the center of the map until you're at max build limit...- Full customization. For those who aren't able to commit to building your entire ship, there are only a few pre-made ships available at the start. Again, for me, this is still a Pro, but it depends on what games you're into."
,Recommended,329130,14715234,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Klingenmeister,"This game was a weird experience. It looks like a RTS, but plays like a 2D action game. It gives you the feeling of an ant in an anthill, fighting against the minions of other swarms. But also you grow and evolve and start to get your own swarm, that follows you.All in all, beside being a space shooter, it really has some organic feeling. It also could be on the bottom of the ocean. Or maybe small microorganisms.Your ship is made of different shaped geometric objects. Hull parts, interior and weapons. Zoomed out, they give surprisingly good looking shapes. After you design your first ship, you are thrown in a crazy living 2D world, where everything tries to kill you, that has a different color than you. This isnt always user friendly. Flying too early too far out of your territory you face enemys, that are 10 times the size of you. While you explore, you unlock commando points, that give you new weapons or upgrading your ship to be able to use more parts to be bigger. Also your surroundings generate ressources. Everyone is gathering them. If you kill an enemy, he will drop his ressources, if you die, they will also loot you. You can turn in those ressources on allied bases to get more commando points, also that station will generate new allied ships. That way, every faction on the map is constantly growing at attacking the borders of the other faction.As the game continues, you will find more and more ressources, unlock new weapons, until you are that big, that you stop selling your ressources but generating your own minions, that follow you. If they are big enough and have a factory, they also will be able to gather ressources and build ships.If you are bored with your universe, you take your fleet and go to a new one (reset the game, like a new game+).Every enemy faction has unique weapons, buildings, ships and tactics. Some of them can be really annoying, most of them are playable, after you once defeated them.While working perfectly (I only had one massive crash), the game has a lot of flaws that bug me:- there is no real war: The world only moves around you. If you arent present, the areas arent loaded. That way, you only have the illusion of a living world, but the only acting thing is you.- enemy AI is korean like, allied AI is on drugs: Having some maxed out follower ships, then seeing them flying into an enemy fleet like idiots and dying like idiots makes you question the game. Seeing the enemy flying player designed ships better than the player is capable of, makes you rage a lot. It is no fun fighting the AI. They will dash forward, attack you and retreat like cowards, when you fire back. That way, a lot of small ships are capable of slowly poking you to death. If you manage to hit them, they will run away, like on crack, never giving you the chance of actually destroy and loot them. Some ships, even split in half and totally destroyed managed to escape me with 1 or 2 remaining thrusters and the commando bridge. A strong AI is cool and challenging. A perfect AI, that plays safe and never do mistakes is frustrating. A lot! Its not about them being OP, its about them always fleeing a fight.- Charging my lazerz: directed beam weapons > everything. You can defeat 90% of the map by using massive amounts of the charge beam laser. Then put it on point defence. Then laugh like an idiot watching those skirmishing ships flying towards you to do their stupid hit and run, seeing them exploding because your point defence automatically targets and destroy them. Your other weapons will be massive amounts of plasma cannon to melt down everything that cant move away, or, if you like it with more precision, gaus rifles to shoot those poor ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s without them even knowing from where you hit them.- After reaching max size, the game is over. There is nothing to do. Even the big ships, that chased you in the beginning, are small fishes now. I even managed to cut one of them in half with a single salve of gaus shots. Since you have the lasers, you dont have to care about the small ones ether. Simply ignore them. They will come in weapon range, then explode.- If you are bad at designing and crafting games, just dont.Reassembly is not a decent game, it is an awesome game! But has major problems with balancing, AI, mapping and simply has no endgame."
76561198001217176,Recommended,329130,19622148,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Splinter,"Update (5/4/2017):Wow it's hard imagining how hyper I was a year ago. Stat update: 90 products, 1 review, 2,276+ hrs, still a good game. Come visit us at our community discord athttps://discord.gg/DSvmNbYwhen you get the chance, random stranger, passerby reader, friend.Edit (3/21/16):It's been 4 months. Looking at my stats it says: 51 products, 1 review,1400+ hours; I know what you're thinking... DO NOTCALL 911, I have assuredly not beentaken hostageby this game. I just happened to leave the program running 24/7 every now and then. There istotallynothingto worry about (please don't judge me!)...I have found that most of this game's replayability lies in (1) - creating and enjoying the diverse player-created mods and (2) - pitting ship designs against each other in competitions amongst friendsas a frantic cry for helpMods are incredibly easy to work with (using and creating) and can be downloaded or turned on/off with minimal hassle. Withabsolutely zero bias none whatsover, for a quick graphics spruce-up, you can visit my graphics-upgrade mod athttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=644263599Actual Review (12/10/15):I've always had a soft spot for the build-your-own-spaceship genre. I enjoyed Captain Forever, Battleships Forever, Gimbal,  as well as Stardrive 2. I have no idea how I didn't find out about it until now.I think Reassembly takes the great construction and space combat elements of all those games and puts it in one solid package. I was surprised to see it run smoothly during heavy action (unlike Stardrive), In its category, the decent amount of gameplay depth and accessibility help make this one a top tier 2D-space-builder-shooter. Sure there's some things that need fixing (such as the tutorial checklist showing up every time a new game is started) but even so I would wholeheartedly recommend it."
76561198097324851,Recommended,329130,21054435,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Altemindo,"This game is a great game, wich I reccomend.Pros-You can make fully costomizable ships-You can have giant fleets of ships-The lag on the game doesnt seem like lag. It make it slow motion-Very fun-Allies wander around the Multi-VerseCons-You havent bought it yet"
,Recommended,329130,30486223,Posted: 12 March,all,Dylan Alduin,"Everyone probably agrees that the cell stage in Spore was the best part of that game. Reassembly essentially expands that section out into a full, better game. Fun."
76561198035316696,Recommended,329130,32787067,Posted: 25 June,all,Robin2066,"!!! WARNING !!!This game contains syndrom of ""one more minute"" !I just sat in here for just half an hour.... 4 hours ago :)Now I forced myself to ""save & exit"".VERY ADDICTINGif you like designing your units piece by piece and conquering another tribes, that is.To devs: ""THANK YOU !!!"""
,Recommended,329130,23946022,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Miporin,"Reassembly is the ""Love-it, else Hate-it"" tittle. What you see on the store page is what you get. It is well-worth my purchase. Here is my opinion;Core ConceptYou start with a predefined ship. Explore, gather resource, destroy enemies, build/upgrade your ship, then repeat the whole process until you conquer the space, perfect your ship as far as your idea can go.IMHO, this is where it determines Love/Hate opinions. If you like the concept, you will love the game as it has been executed very well, but for those that turns off by this kind of gameplay, it is a skip for Reassembly.Control & CombatOne of the two main core element. It has very common control for the genre, which can be floaty, weird, need some get used to.The combat is rather simple from the looks, but actually there are some depth behind that plain looking combat. Weapon positions, projectile ranges, projectile speeds, special attributes, timing, and elae play the major role in the combat.These come down to the second core element ...Ship Editor & ManagementSimple, easy to use, but powerful ship editor. It's snap'n build style, so it is easy to understand, and to get into. You can turn you ship into anything limited to your imagination, and ... system limitation, not the all you can build.Each part you put into your design has its purpose, and different in stat. They will affect how your ship fly, either for exploration or combat. I haven't gone much deeper into this, but it is trials and errors until perfection, imo.You can have AI-squadmates too, which is positively nice, but a little annoyance at times.Here comes the twist, you can fly into other players creation during your gameplay. They are AIs with custom ships, which can be ranged from wackiest ship that annoy you to hell, or the flying box of death.TL;DRIt is a good game for this genre at this price. Recommended !"
,Recommended,329130,13747898,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Y23Y,"This game is pretty badass, except for all the damage and the amount of cluster ♥♥♥♥s the enemies put on you every second, it is pretty good. But really, i would not mind of the game creators decided, for some exttremely smart reason, to put in a difficulty guage so that, well you know, players dont get ♥♥♥♥ed up every other second."
,Recommended,329130,23023652,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,DECEARING EGG,Have you ever wanted to build lego space ship fleets but didn't have enough time/pieces?Yes?Well this game is for you.Pros:- Good spaceship builder.- Brutally smart AI.- Other players creations spawn in your world as agent fleets.- Workshop support.- When you get bored of the different factions you can download more from the workshop.- hauntingly beautiful soundtrack.- You can experiment with mods.- Did i mention this has workshop support?- Tournament mode that allows you to pit ship vs ship or entire fleets against each other.- Get demolished by player fleets (agents).- There's a nuke in this.Cons:- After around 30 hours you might get bored without mods.- If you have a slow computer beware of the spikey plants.- Borg faction and fly faction are not playable without mods.Overall: Its a REALLY GOOD game for $15 and i recommend.
,Recommended,329130,17003741,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Alessondria,Was surfing through steam games and found it. Bought it on a whim. Talk about a hidden gem!!!Your space ship is made of parts. Just like legos. And they fight other ships the devs made or other players made. Thruster position and mass are a big part of how the ships work. Lots of 'armor' means more mass which means thrusters will not be as effective. And WHERE the thrusters are placed are so important too! Its just so much fun to build ships and fly them... or spawn them to make a good little attack squad against really well made player made ships. Errr just understand its just their designs. Its not an online game with PvP.4/5 but will easily give it the extra point if more is added besided building/ fighting
76561198071527849,Recommended,329130,32806419,Posted: 26 June,all,killen-co,"I won't recommend this game to anyone, it's awful, you just run it, play a little, close it and find out that you've been playing for two days in row!"
76561197984432878,Recommended,329130,28633439,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Lapsapnow,"Reassembly is an incredible game.The world, in and of itself is thoroughly beautiful, and immersive. In just how simple and clean it is to look at.The plants live, breathe, and spread on their own.The ships and factions expand their territory and fortify their positions without some big AI hearding them.They are individual battleship captains on a quest to expand their empire.And you.Are the mad person with a little ship and big hopes, who is gonna stop them.With seven total playable factions, ( And maaaaaaany more in the workshop that you can add )Each with their own palette, and weapon systems.Reassembly offers a serious value proposition in terms of time, replayability, and sheer relaxation.Mould your faction into what you want it to be.Conquore the galaxy.Then, do it all over again with a fresh set of ships."
,Recommended,329130,14575429,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Grazzhopper,Awesome game! You can build ships to your liking and adept your fleet to the situations at hand. It is very satisfying to equip a horde of drone minions and take them into battle against ships designed by other players that appear as agents in the game.9.5/10
,Not Recommended,329130,21795158,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Zanteogo,"It's not a bad game, but it's not a great game either.It seems like with all the factions the programmer had some larger plans for this game. Such as inter faction trading or some sort of diplomacy.Sadly, there is only one thing to do in this game, build ships and blow up all the other guys ships. It gets old fast. Really fast.Also, the ship designer really could have used some more work. All the parts don't fit together correctly. With some of the ship parts, the connection is just slightly off from the other parts. This means your dealing with small slight single pixel splits in your ships... arg...If the developer for this game ever decides to improve this game, or bring out a sequel with high level functions like better trade and faction interaction that is more than just all out war all the time, I will be interested. Until then I have to put this game on the shelf."
,Recommended,329130,15079624,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,z0mbiesrock,"Reasembly. It is more than a vectored spaceship-building sandbox game. It is a game of infinite possibilities! It is an extrememly addicting game should you have a creative and boundless imagination. With seven highly modifiabe factions to play as,and three more playable factions when modifying the game's cvars.txt, explore an ever-evolving galaxy full of wonders, dangers, and plantsthat are more than welcome to slice you to ribbons.You also have access to a sandbox mode, which you can use to create literally any ship.Press \ in the main game to access sandbox abilities, too!Imagine the tidepool of ""Spore""'s Cell Stage, combined with the role-playing aspect of ""Faster Than Light"", and the simple ship-building mechanics from the flash game ""Captain Forever"", and the theme of the Space Stage of the aformentioned ""Spore"". This is basically Reassembly in a nutshell. Or is it?"
,Recommended,329130,25214145,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Gummy,"This might deserve the title of Best Game in Genre. You play as a member of a faction and each of the seven factions have their own unique play style because they all have different ship blocks! This game is crazy addictive. Build ships and blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up. Simple but incredibly fun.Note: I put cons and improvements because I think the cons are covered in mods and the improvements seem very possible to update in vanilla or put in DLC. These also don't greatly impact the gameplay. It's worth every penny, buy it!Pros:-Beautiful colors and light animations.-A good amount of variety.-The ability to map reset through wormholes allowing extended play.-OR export your current fleet into somebody else's map through wormholes!-The ability to export ship designs.-Pit your ships against others in tournaments! (browse through the workshop for those fun times)Cons:-There aren't many weapon choices per faction, unless you're faction 4.-The block limitation is annoying. Why can't I make a huge, intricate ship?-More polygons for building, please!-The AI of my fellow comrades is sometimes very disappointing, especially when they pilot a ship that I created.Improvements:-There needs to be a friendly way to implement mods through a modloader.-Great ship editor. There could be a fill/brush tool and a more dynamic selection method to be near perfect.When I say dynamic selection I mean selecting a group of blocks with a freeform selection, instead of the clunky box method.-More anchor points on the polygons in the ship editor.-You could easily add a story and missions. Annihilating other factions is fun and all, but I want a purpose. This game could easily have lore."
76561198038904042,Recommended,329130,14585365,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Alberto Einsteino,Logged 40+ hours in about 4 days.Excellent game with tons of customization and tweaking at your disposal.The best early access game I've ever played. Cannot recommend and praise it enough.
,Recommended,329130,32812698,Posted: 26 June,all,darkheros,Reassembly is a very good game.Pros :- Game is finished- High replay value- Graphical style- 100Mb- Level designCons :- Now i want more- Now i NEED more !- REASSEMBLY 2 !!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,329130,23532617,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Herne the hunter,"A great game focused on building ships from a variaty of parts and weapons, and useing them to fly around fighting other ships.The ship creation is extremely fun and you can spend hours at a time in it trying to make a perfect ship, though there are  few blocks that just don't seem to fit in due to being just the wrong size or shape, the presented challenge of working around this sometimes makes it even more fun working out a good combination between makeing the ship look good and makeing it work well(and not have weak points that one shot will disconnect half you're ship).The other part of the game, focusing of flying and fighting is also a huge amount of fun, you can really feel the weight of the larger ships and it is always fun to kill a tiny ship with a shot the same size as it. The only limiting factor in this part of the game is the fleet of ships you can build and make, as they seem to lack a bit in the way of AI and commands you can give them, and they tend to just fly around in circles, get in the way, or get lost behind you and leave the fleet because they are too far away. That said it is awesome atacking a huge cluster of spikey plants (or as i call them lag plants) with a massive fleet of ships that you desigened and basicly melting them of the asteroids they cover.All in all this is a great game for those with a creative streak and spaceship lovers, but keep in mind that if you try to go for the completionist achievement, you are in for the long haul, and may be driven slightly insane."
,Recommended,329130,30230212,Posted: 27 February,all,Dyantier,"IntroductionThe moment your given control of your ship in this game a terse tutorial quickly shows you the controls and basic mechanics. Then it tells you to kill everyone who is colored differently from you, that's racism. Or is it spacism? Since it's in outer space... I think... for all I know it feels like your a bunch of bacteria fighting for control of someone's stomach. Either way, Reassembly delivers an enjoyably modular destruction sim where you are the only person in your entire race who has something very special, initiative.TL;DR+++ Mods+++ Shooting pieces off of ships++ Ship Building (Way better than any other I've seen out there IMO)++ Pretty visuals+ GENOCIDE!!! (pretending your Alexander the Great!)- Genocide (knowing your actually like Hitler)- AI isn't great (especially if you have followers)- Vanilla game has a total point-cap of 8000 (there is mods that ""fix"" this)-- Taking territory can become grindy--- Lack of reward for taking territoryGAMEPLAYThe game plays like a twin-stick shooter in that the default controls have you aim and shoot with the mouse and control your thrusters with WASD. The controls have several different configurations and can be rebinded if desired. I've found the default controls to be sufficient.The game starts you off by choosing one of the several factions (more if you have mods) and plops you in some friendly territory equipped with the outer-space (or inner-gastric, I don't know) equivalent of a dingy. You then must use your meager might to collect purple floaty-things called ""resources"" (creative huh?) to trade in at friendly factories for ""credits"" (again, the innovation!). The resources usually grow near plants attached to asteroids/food-globs found throughout the galaxy/stomach. You can also get resources by killing black/white/red/yellow/etc colored ships. You will then use the credits you get from trading (aka, going near any friendly factory) to purchase new parts and a higher point-cap (lets you add more pieces) for your ship.About half of your time spent in Reassembly will be in the ship designer. It's quite easy to use once you get the hang of it. Everything you would expect to need for a ship is present here (as long as you've unlocked the right parts). You build around your core (the part that you should be protecting) with pieces ranging from armor, to point-defence, to generators, to drone-launchers. What is it with games nowadays and drones? Well, just like real life drones these ones break really easily. Unlike real life drones you can keep spamming them out and overwhelm your enemies.One of the problems with the game is that the ship builder only lets you upgrade you point-cap to 8000. This prevents you from building those giant ships shaped like various things. However, don't fret, there are more than a couple mods that rectify this horrendous hindrance to holocaustic, wholesale, hellenistic, Hitlerism.Another thing this game gets wrong is that it presents you with a daunting task of occupying every sector of the galaxy/gut with your color. This requires exterminating every single thing that isn't your color. Some would say this exceeds Mount and Blade: Warband levels of grindy conquering. Plus there are wormholes ({sarcastically} wormholes, riiiiggghhhht) scattered through the galaxy/gastric that urge you to go to a different world entirely (or upload the designs you've built).Despite these flaws, the game excels in letting you shoot everything and watch it break. It is immensely satisfying to watch an enemy capitalship get it's primary weapons turned offline as you separate them from the main body with a giant cutting laser, or any other of the MANY weapons to be found both in the vanilla game and mods.StoryOnce upon a time...life evolved/someone swallowedinto many races/some bacteriathat fought for controlof the galaxy/of the abdomenI'm just kidding, there is no story past what you imagine.GraphicsThe graphics in this game are highly modifiable and can be absolutely beautifully (I'm talking like, epileptic levels of lights, shaders, blooms, etc.) or look like a flash game for those of you using potatoes. But hey, that's still fun. I myself played at potato level for several months after a hard drive failure {shudder}.ConclusionAll in all, this game is definitely worth your time. I bought it at full price, but you could wait for a sale (not that I've ever seen one for this). Even if you just have 15 minutes, Reassembly can satisfy that modular ship shooting itch with it's varied factions, massive possibilities and amazing ship builder. So get this game go have fun taking over the galaxy/belly!"
76561198143512005,Recommended,329130,14073222,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Armos,"I have over a hundred hours put into this game, my steam game time is off.This beautiful diamond amongst rock, is literally the perfect game for those who possess creativity, and love to simply immerse themselves into a game that rewards for said effort contributed unto it.I have played Hundreds upon Hundreds of rpg's, sandbox's, adventure and action gerne etc.This Masterpiece took the elements from many of the games I held dear, and assimilated them all into a free spirited sandbox rpg with not just replayability, but literally the best customization and diversity i've ever seen in an rpg/sandbox.This game is simple. In said simplicity, there is an elaborate but gradual growth of complexity. The complex part of this game is the factor that you, as a player, control. This factor is your ship! Along with the other ships in your fleet. The more complex and functional you make your ship, the more beautiful it/they may become without you even realizing it.Having made over a hundred ships, I can vouch for the ship creation system, as it is somewhat pleasing to invest ten minutes to have an exquisite and awe'ing ship emerge :)Please! If you are contemplating whether or not to invest in this game, let the reviews and hours do the talking!It's worth the money."
76561197999307083,Recommended,329130,15697291,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Reksuro,My cat likes to watch me play this game 5/5
,Recommended,329130,21121812,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,internetzspacezshipz,"So, I love the idea of this game, and hope it gets multiplayer in the future, but I have a few problems with it:1. Ships can be made insanely fast, too fast for most weapons to even have a chance of hitting.2. All turrets have the ability to turn 360 degrees, making ship design as simple as slapping as many guns into an armored ball.3. Engines can be inside your ship, meaning there is no way to damage them without first destroying the components around them.I love how the building works, but I feel like there's still a lot of balancing that needs to be done, since the meta just dictates blobbing up as many guns as you can fit with either:a. ♥♥♥♥♥ons of armor (which is entirely free most of the time, so you could make a massive armored box at the very beginning)b. ♥♥♥♥♥ons of engines, making you pretty much impossible to hit with anything but lasers (although the speed is best put into use by the AI controlled ships, since they can instantly dodge out of the way of almost any attack)I love this game, but I hope it gets the things I mentioned.Edit: I just also need to add that the only part of your ship that the AI shoots is your core, so it is optimal to leave extruding parts of your ship unarmored..."
76561198020427560,Recommended,329130,14649734,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,ImagtriX,"A game that has been stealing my sleep hours as of late.The good:Excellent game mechanics, stylish and has a distinct feel to it. Watching your newest design come to life on the screen and actually make a difference in efficiency is something that not too many games can boast with.The bad:Not really much bad there, but even with all the opened playable factions, I still wouldn't mind more content. Also the differences between factions could be made even more distinct with some effort in balancing."
,Recommended,329130,32031508,Posted: 28 May,all,John McLuck,"This game is a gem, having a really fun time playing it! Addicting as hell, you always want to improve upon your designs and see what happens when they fight."
76561198009310694,Recommended,329130,13885000,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Hookachooga,"Essentially, if we all think back to the games we played long ago most of us will remember a game where the player controlled a small and weak little fish. Your aim in this game was to swim around in the ocean and eat any of the fish small enough to fit in your mouth and then hall♥♥♥♥♥away from fishes that were large enough to eat you in one go.That is a game i feel thay Reassembly can quite easily be compared to. You start off with a small array of 'stock' ships, provided by the dev team to get you started. These are your small fish. As the game provides you with tutorial messages and objectives you will fail at killing a couple of ships as you get used to the aiming and flying mechanics and you will find that if the ship is smaller than yours... It blows up. The moment you see a ship that consists of a number of blocks higher than yours. Run. Or more likely get blown up and respawn.But as you kill the little ships and gather your resource, convert it into C and then purchase upgrades or convert it into P. Your ship begins to grow. You test out designs but eventually you realise as long as you make it big and fast and cover it in as many guns you can hide beneath shields... You're doing the a good job. Your ship begins to get larger... You can kill larger ships... Your ship gets larger still. You begin ignoring the smaller craft you once relied on for resources as they are just a minor neusance to you. You feel like a God amongst the stars. Then a Scythe ship one shots you and you start farming those little guys again just to boost your ego back up.Great game, very long review. Essentailly Hungry Fish with lasers and 'spolsions."
,Recommended,329130,30135842,Posted: 23 February,all,magni2012,"This should be multiplayer, it would be so much fun!!!!"
,Recommended,329130,30828319,Posted: 30 March,all,Codover,"I always love games that give you free rein on creation. Minecraft, XCOM, and whatevercraft are always fun, albeit a little tedious or boring. But that is what these creative games have over your regular Call Of Battle Modern War III. Mining in Minecraft is calming and awarding, XCOM gives you a hardcore chess game but suddenly you have an emotional connection to even the puny pawns.Reassembly is no exception. The slow part is building or collecting resources. For sure some may find it boring, but autistic kids like me can enjoy spending hours on fleet creation on its own. And the game gets even better when you take your fleet and battle against other (AI controlled) fleets.1/10 none of my friends are this autistic so I'm really lonely"
,Recommended,329130,17543787,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Jesght,"I don't know if I'm the only one who did this, so I ask: Did you like creating impressive, huge ships in Lego and make them battle (using your imagination, of course)? Well, now you can do it for real, on a game that actually creates the battles for you (Imagination is overrated). With no true plot (You are part of a faction, you battle every other faction. That's basically it.) and no central objective, Reassembly is just pure fun. You design your ship with parts that actually have a significant impact in how your ship moves, fires and defends, and you battle other ships, some even designed by other people.I had a blast playing this game, and spent my whole day experimenting with different weapons and factions, balancing my fleet, spending credits to make my ship bigger and bigger, and dying because my ship was too fast and bumped against a wall, causing instant explotions. If that sounds fun, then by all means, play this game. You'll love it."
76561197984961040,Recommended,329130,17937054,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Dani,"Reassembly is both awesome, and not. If you enjoy ship builder games this game has a decent amount of options to do so. However, if you like in depth ship builders, Reassembly isn't a complex ship building simulator.Essentially the game amounts to getting resources, selling resources, and building bigger ships. There is an ""Agent"" mechanic which spawns other player made groups into your galaxy. Many of these squadrons will crush you until you can get to the very end game. These squadrons are really the only threat when you're powerful enough, so you either can leave them on and be demolished repeatedly until the end game, or turn them off and have a very boring end game.It doesn't take long to get to the end game, and it's easy to run out of stuff to do. The best way to fight is to stack on piles of armor (it has no point value, so you can have as much as you'd like depending on how slow you don't mind your ship to be) and piling on a ton of a single effective weapon (most races have one or two weapons that are extremely effective, and a pile of flavor weapons which are functional against the standard ships, but not overly so against agents).All in all it's a strangely balanced game, but I've had fun playing it. I'd say it's worth the price tag attached to it. If you need a ship builder simulator which has a lot of action but not a lot of depth, try Reassembly."
76561198000789542,Recommended,329130,14570528,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,wer24,"Wow! Just WOW.FIrst game in a long time where I said out loud, thats really neat!Game seems shallow when you first play then you start building. Then you get your but handed to you by something something someone else made. Then you go hummWell you master the first race after that you can even move on to other races which have differnt tech trees!Great game.. 10/10only thing to improve is the tutorial and explaining the content!  I feel some people might miss some of the fun things if they are not prone to exploreing the menus!Edit: If you liked SPAZ you will love this!"
76561197994894010,Recommended,329130,32403264,Posted: 13 June,all,Elseif,"This game is amazing.  It's everything I'd hoped it would be.  As soon as I made my amazing ship and was dominating the universe, I went through a wormhole and got wrecked by some ships there.  I started a new game on a new faction, and woah - new ways to build!  I'm so looking forward to exploring everything this game has to offer.  The music and visuals are great, and I appreciate how it's all made procedurally."
76561198068647490,Recommended,329130,24345470,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Mentally Challenged Arachnid,"Reassembly is a sure way to have a ton of fun. Its simple, and doesn't have much in it - but its just so beautifully executed that I have a hard time criticizing it. The first thing you'll notice is just how damn good it looks. The simple style mixed with the flashy bright particle effects make every ship look fantastic, even if your not a skilled builder. Basically, you start as a faction with a little plot of territory in the galaxy, and must build ships with increasing size and power, collect resources, conquer and annihlate opposing factions, and eventually control the whole galaxy.You manage your faction in a simple screen that essentially says ""what ships should we build?."" Not every ship you construct will be your own, you'll find yourself making everything from Carriers to Gatherers to Melee brawlers, all supporting your faction on a galactic scale, not just following you around.Pros-Visuals: Just look at them. They're mesmorizing...-Simplicity: This may not be for everyone, dont expect complexity and depth. Though this DOES NOT MEAN ITS NOT SKILL BASED, more on that later. The simple building system allows you to make pretty ships that are functional in minutes, and make enormous detailed bohemoths in about 20 minutes. Its just so easy to do,  you dont even have to be creative, really. (That is not saying there isn't lots of room for creativty.)-Skill: Outside of building, you've got to know how to pilot your ship. ou can die fairly easy and lose control of your entire fleet, so you've got to be careful. You can play just bumrushing everything, but you'll die a lot. I recommend lots of mobility, even in ships that wouldn't ordinarily need it. I cant count the amount of times I failed to remember to make good thruster systems and ended up with a floaty brick.-Faction Growing: By far the games greatest strong point. Over time, as you see A.I. ships you created flying about and taking territory for you, it gives you a nice feeling of progression. You can even costomize what the stations you capture will look like. I found myself building unarmed civilian vessels and giant mining ships just so that our territory would seem lived in. I build a cheap but huge metropolis that I spammed all over my land so that it looked like there were cities.This stuff is not entirely nonefunctional. I found that building mini mining ships that gathered all the R (resource) they could, letting all my stations spam them out, then just recruit them all so they'd give me more R then it costed C (credits) to hire them. I would then sell the R for C and make a fortune.-The organic galaxy: Unlike most games, the galaxy is all in one map. Its not particularly big, you can fly across it in five to ten minutes with a fast ship. (Though you likely wont make it, the amount of enemies flying around and waring with eachother will kind of get in the way.) However, I think the map is better off small. You see, if it were big like actual space, it'd be empty. This map is anything empty. In fact, its a bit of a cluster****, and thats a good thing. The map is one giant asteroid field, inhabited by countless factions all fighting for territory. Whilst exploring, you will frequently find crashed and destroyed ships, stations, etc. And there will always be plenty of ships to fight. Once you get bigger, most of them wont be two much of a threat. But every now and then, a giant mothership will pop out of nowehere and blow you to pieces.Ships dont just spawn when you get close, they all came from somewhere. And you can, if you blow enough of them up, completely genocide them. The factions will all be trying to do this to eachother (though they likely wont ever succeed due to the sheer amount of eachother) and you will constantly stumble across epic space battles and land grabs. Indeed, the whole galaxy is a warzone, and a chaotic one at that. There will sometimes be so much going on screen all you can see are particle effects( despite this and my fairly low end PC, the games runs like butter) Being able to zoom in and out greatly adds to the games scale as well. Oh yeah.. And also, SPACE PLANTS! SPAAACE PLAAANTS!-Soundtrack: The fantastic ambient space music fits the game perfectly, with its Psychill electronic style making for a very relaxing genocide war.-Tournements: I had a fun time with two friends, just playing the game locally during a get together, in which we all build ships of the same P limit and made them fight in the tounrement. Making your ships fight eachother is addictive enough without it being a competition between friends, so I recommend checking it out.-Gameplay: It plays a lot like the old arcade space shooters, just far smoother and a bit more physicsy (eiiy? Eee?) This works really well with the open world aspect, making it a joy to play. Works really well as both a timewaster and a longer effort. There are a number of ways to play Reassembly, you can spend all your time making perfectly crafted fleets and sending them through wormholes to fight other players, or you can just make one ship and be a lone wolf, building your ship to perfection over time. Me? I prefer to play it on a large scale, assembling fleets and building military strength.-Agent System: One of the better semi-online systems I've seen. Basically, you can upload your best fleets into wormholes, and they will appear in other players worlds to wreak havoc. Its kind of like Dark Souls's world invasion thing, but you dont control the fleets you send out. They are A.I. cotrolled. Agents appear as little red triangles, and vary in strength. (depending on the P (ship size) of the fleet the player sends out). If you destroy their flagship, the fleet breaks up and stops building new ships. They will spread out, raiding your stations, but will eventually all die.This is a fantastic way for players to show off their creations. Although you will inevitably see a few giant blocks full of guns, most of the designs I've seen have been quite good looking.Cons-Lack of weapon variety: Weapons are a crucial part of the game. Sadly, most weapons are just generic projectile weapons, with some doing more damage then others. To be fair, there are lasers, drones, missiles, AoEs, but every faction seems to have most of those. The faction variation is more in their visual style and armour then their actual difference in combat. There are some more interesting weapons, such as the Proton Sword, the Borg Drones (Yes, Borg), and it seems as though every faction has at least one special gun, I would like to see more weapon types in the future. Stuff like wave guns, tracking lasers, force guns to blow enemies away from you, etc.-Can get repetitive: Make sure to play this game in successive bursts. Playing for hours and days at a time will get boring fast, its better picked up and played for a few hours every now and then.Procons?-Balance issues: I dont really know about this one, its undeniable some factions are better then others (Red sucks, Crystalline are gud) but I wouldn't really call it a bad thing. Its more of a progression system, as the tougher factions are usually closer to the centre of the map. Make of this what you may.Overall - worth a buy. One of the best games I've seen come off Steam, and an excellent example of what Indie Devs can do!"
,Recommended,329130,14586291,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,BeauMuse,"I am REALLY amazed about this game. This game absolutely nails the playability and usability. For me this game is up there with FTL and Minecraft, where you can just keep playing and playing for the fun of the experience itself, not the winning.The building of new spacehips, trying out combinations, and just trying to make things look good is a lot of fun. Combined with the amazing slickness of the editor you can spend hours in a Zen-like mode of tweaking, playing, and tweaking some more.What sets this game apart as well is that you fight the creations of other players, and that others will play against yours. That makes you care about your creations much more than you would have in a purely single player game.All in all highly recommended if you like 2D space shooters and building games."
,Recommended,329130,14605072,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Polaris,"Really addicting game that makes you think outside the box constantly to seek a perfect design. Thing is? there is no perfect design, each thing you do allows you to have more, but sometimes more is less and less is more.9/10. Great buy."
,Recommended,329130,17216955,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,★ Conga ★,"A fun enjoyable game with endless playtime, although it can be grindy at times if you play your cards right (easy) grinding will only take 1-3 minutes, just add more time to that for the extra currency or resources you need.Graphics are simplistic yet easy to get around, nothing overly high  1800x1800 pixel sprite sheets like most other games out right now so performance shouldn't be an issue at all and viewing the game is easy.Ontop of that it holds a good engine so even when there's spam everywhere the game will run smoothly.Reassembly also inspires creativity, even if you aren't creative and bad at making things look good, the game still  assists you, and if you can make good looking machines the game makes them look even better out of the editor.Gameplay is something not many use but regardless even if you get 5+ capitol mega ships you will still find something which will scare you and hunt you down followed by killing you.However the best part by far in my opinion is the fact what you make, is whatever ships you make and add to your fleet design, will be randomly spawning and recreated which always gets me hyped when I see my own creations in use.Generally i'd give this game a 10/10Graphics - 10/10, Simplistic and easy to understandSound/Music - 10/10, Clear and easy to understand along with always being interestingGameplay - 10/10 Allows creativity and is in good balance"
76561198068131569,Recommended,329130,24832222,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Flesh Canoe (not sex related),"Designing ships is real cool, and destroying other people's ships with those ships is also real cool."
,Recommended,329130,13841206,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Winter.NET,"Logged 13 hours in the first 24 of owning it. Kind of like Asteroids meets Gratuitous Space Battles meets heroin. If you like games where you get to customize your ship and love to optimize your design and adapt them to new challenges, this game is for you. Purchased at the $30 price point and never questioned it. First I couldn't believe the 100% positive review ratio, and then I played it. This might be considered Early Access but it's more polished than many fully released studio games. There were no crashes, no glitches, no bugs. Once they get more content this game will enter my top 10 of all time."
,Recommended,329130,14526538,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Poohbear,Wow!!!  this game is really great.  It's nice to see a company spend so much time on early access.Only one thing I wish they had and that is a manual or something to better explain how to play.  The tutorail is a little simple.  It would be nice to have something to read.  But other than this one complaint it is great.  For me this is money well spent.
76561198068054615,Recommended,329130,23149304,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,shaggyluise,"This game is hours of fun. Things that I would improve is #1 game play machanics: I would love to be able to aim myself instead of hoping the ai can get a hit. #2 objectives: Having more to do would make the game feel more alive and not get boring and repetitive. #3 Multiplayer: This game would be awesome with friends being creative together and destroying the Ai would be a blast. Over all this is a great game I would recommend it to others, however if the game was multiplayer like I  said they would be more apt to get the game and play."
76561198019322581,Recommended,329130,14566633,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Shrubie,"Its like that classic asteroid ship game with the triangle and the asteroids, but instead you can design your own triangle into a capital triangle and fight other triangles with giant triangle fleets while trying not to accidently smack into asteroids with your face."
76561198135995828,Recommended,329130,30519763,Posted: 14 March,all,/*ShadowHero*/,"You can tell the developers put lots of effort into the game. It's simple to learn (although the controls are not intuitive at first, give it time), and it can be as mindless or as strategic as you want to make it. The building aspect is a simple point and click system with the ability to copy large portions, mirror them, and place on the opposite side of your ship. Space battles are just good oldfashioned blow-crap-up fun. Getting destroyed by a difficult faction or fleet just gives you motivation to improve your ship building skills and battle strategies. And the music... Absolutely immersive, and is a decent jam while blowing ships into smitherines. I highly recommend the DLC soundtrack. i cant imagine playing the game without it now that I look back. The only negative I can see to this game is the fact that it does tend to go into a lag fest when you enter a bee infested or thorn infested territory. In those situations, the lag is manageable (it feels a bit like slow mo, so get ready to fight those battles reaaally slow). Otherwise, avoid those territories and that problem never occurs. One of the reasons I bought this game is to get my spaceship building fix, while still being playable on a non-gaming laptop. Most games of that genre are highly demanding and don't run well unless you have capable hardware. If you are in a similar situation, look no farther than Reassembly. Runs nicely on crap - medium grade hardware."
,Recommended,329130,24984241,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,spookly laura | 33 days ☭,"Nothing is more satisfying than making a shield blob mothership with a hundred factories, filling it with missile boats, and then moving in the general direction of your enemies."
,Recommended,329130,29792334,Posted: 8 February,all,Aurren,"Absolutely amazing game, I wish I had found it earier (and as most are, I'm kinda scared of taking a plunge on an indie game I've never heard of).Remember when you was a kid making space ships out of lego? Remember the fun you had, that special kind of fun? It's that, but infinite and living."
76561197973966297,Recommended,329130,33672483,Posted: 20 July,all,Jah00R,"On my short list for ""a game to take to a desert island"". I don't think there is any other game that has this much replay value."
76561197974781318,Recommended,329130,14702900,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,HighLife,"This game is simply phenominal.  It's so good and unique, it's kind of hard to wright a review.  The shipbuilding options are phenominal and limitless. The controls and control mapping are fantastic, though it might not seem like it if you build a wacky ship. The environment is pleasent and very diverse. Performance is solid. All the factions have some very unique abilities. The music is nice, though could use a bit more diversity.The only negative might be is that it is a bit confusing at first. Though honestly, figuring it out is even pretty fun. Probably the best $15 you could spend, on anything...."
,Recommended,329130,34843748,Posted: 9 September,all,gadkinson,"Probably the best part about Reassembly is not the building, but the environment you are presented with. While admittedly, the AI needs some serious polish, it behaves in a way that you don't see in games of a similar genre. Rather than it's goal simply being ""Kill the player"", it actually appears to be ""Reproduce and Survive"". Almost everything is dynamic, including the flora (It actually reproduces). This game gives the impression of a living, and breathing organism, constantly in flux (It is worth mentioning that nothing is simulated outside of your ""vision"", which is for obvious optomization reasons). I love watching smaller ships collect resources from plants (Once they or their seeds die, they turn into 'Resource'), and larger ships acting as predators. Anywho, while many aspects are very, very, rough around the edges, I would seriously recommend this game for any fan of the genre."
76561198004379535,Recommended,329130,23719750,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Nelgoth,"Fantastic game. Build your own ship from discovered and unlocked parts. Multitude of ship parts and weapons. Build fleets of small fighters or giant capital ships. In addition, great modding community and tools sets."
76561198141129230,Recommended,329130,14492833,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,CloudAssault,"When I first saw this game I was overjoyed. I bought it, even though $30 is quite a steep price for a game of this size, but for the most part it was worth it. Ever since I bought it the Dev has been active in updating the game and has made some major improvements on the ai and visuals as a whole. I think one of the latest updates that gave the ships and stations a glow based on their color added even more to the game's beauty. I love the idea of being able to design my own ships and take over the galaxy. Not to mention getting to see other people's creations (and getting to blow them to ****ing pieces).But this game does start to get old after a certain point. At the moment there are 7 factions, and I've been able to get to the endgame of just about each one of them, but after you do that.... there's nothing really to do. You conquer one galaxy, move on to the next, and do the same exact thing, and the hardest ships sadly are always the same, (the blue and pinkish purple ones) which are located in the middle, which sadly never changes. Faction balancing is also a problem right now. The red faction atm is completly useless and almost impossible to get anywhere. The blocks it has are far weaker than any other faction (other than its weapons, which do pack a punch) and its ships get completely destroyed almost instantly when you're in the starting stage with the faction. Even when you start creating bigger ships with them they get crushed by other factions who have far better blocks. That brings me to my next point, the lack of options when it comes to blocks for some factions. For example, a faction like the green race (the 2nd option in the menu) has 47 different blocks, whereas some of the others will only have a little over 20 (and are very limited when it comes to weapon variance).Another thing that should have been in this game but is not is multiplayer. Sure there's going to be tournaments where you can pit your ships against other ships, but only with the ai using your ship instead of you... If I created a ship to my liking, I want to use that ship to my liking in a pvp environment. Sadly the Dev said that this is probably not going to happen beacuse he'd have to take the game apart to implement a multiplayer function. So if you're going into this game thinking that that's going to be an option. It's most likely not going to happen.Overall, this game is very fun and I would definatley reccomend buying it, but wait until after it comes out this coming thursday (the 19th) because it's going to be going down to $15 I believe. The creativity in this game is nearly endless, and many good times can be had, but unfortunetly you won't beable to do this with friends in the same galaxy and once you do conquer that galaxy, it's going to get repetetive.I'd give it an 8/10. Pick it up and enjoy it if you want a creative experience in the sci-fi world."
76561198074768278,Recommended,329130,14818062,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,themagicfunstore,"I stayed up until 2 AM playing Reassembly, designing ships and then testing them against the AI.The action is fast and furious, but you can slow it down to 1/64 speed if you want, making the battles occur at a pace that makes a lava lamp seem frenetic. It's mesmerising and beautiful on a level I haven't seen since dropping acid during an ice storm.The whole time I kept thinking I should tab out of the game and check to see what track was playing on the radio and then remembering that this perfect music is actually the game's soundtrack.100,000/10 would have spiritual epiphany again"
,Recommended,329130,15318309,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,ShadowWhirl,"It's Reassembly:Customizable Spaceships,Maybe look at guides.Reassembly is an interesting 2D sandboxy game where, simply put, you make spaceships out of varying sets of shapes and modules in an attempt to devour all other living things in the galaxy and unleash an age of your own reign. Or you could just get the second playable faction and make giant solar panel stations. Doing that also works.Anyway, I would suggest playing Reassembly if you like to create pretty things, functional things, or just spacey things in general. I personally like it for the large amount of customization which can be expanded even further with (apparently) easy modding that I have yet to dip my toes into.One of the few downsides I can think of is the fact that the various ""factions"" are limited to specific sets of blocks instead of it being all blocks at once, but that kind of makes it more balanced, otherwise you would end up having giant solar panel stations with nuke all over them.As an added note about the last line of that haiku, I would suggest reading through some guides if you're having trouble at first. Unless it's just really not your cup of tea, it will probably get fun eventually."
76561198072083360,Recommended,329130,13944983,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Aodhfin,Fantastic lego ship builder. Worth the price in its current form and still getting better!
76561197999841420,Recommended,329130,14001985,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Liam The Great,"This game may not look like much. Heck, there aren't even any textures, but i must say, Reassembly has quickly become one of my favorite steam games of all time.The main focus of the game is collecting resources from space plants (which seem to grow on anything that isn't constantly flying at full speed) and ships that belong to enemy factions. These resources can then be sold to friendly stations, who will not only give you credits, but also use the collected resources to build friendly ships, who in turn also collect resources to continue the cycle. Other than the initial ships in the world when you start the game, every ship, turret, and station must be spawned in from a factory (which is attached to another ship, turret, or station) when said factory has enough resources to build. All ships, plants, and debris are persistantly exsistant in the world, even when you leave the area. I cannot express in words how tantalizing the very idea of such a vast yet simple cycle is. Fortunantly, I CAN say (and with absolute certainty) that you MUST buy this game!PS: The dev team is actually active, so don't be scared of the ""early access"" label."
,Recommended,329130,13897187,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,☢ 🅰BOM🅱️ ☢,"This is still early access so there is no big story or anything, but still this is a REALLY great game already!Building your spaceships is incredibly fun, plus updates are quite frequent.Already you can play as different factions with different blocks (weapons, shields, etc) and the dev promised even more blocks to build ships with. There are wormholes through which you can enter newly created ""universes"" where there are ships from other players - flying through wormholes will also upload the ships you have built.I can really recommend this!"
,Recommended,329130,30747793,Posted: 26 March,all,Artorisity,10/10 A great good game.Enjoyed the fleet mechanics and the way how the agents work.But really sad that the devs don't update the game anymore :/
,Recommended,329130,13145559,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,KingArthur,"Similar to SPAZ, still early it seems. However the gameplay is there- Fun, and sometimes border line unfair for some poor AI or you. The game lacks the 'story' but makes up for it in really fun and customizable ships."
76561198061405743,Recommended,329130,13099456,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,SirMars,.... Bought it Yesterday played 15.4 hours. Should tell you enough :) But if your to dense to understand that then ill go ahead and say its Bloody ♥♥♥♥ing Awsome.
,Recommended,329130,33631036,Posted: 18 July,all,Lukalot,"Definitely worth the money, ingenious building mechanics and immersive gameplay!"
76561197977879276,Recommended,329130,26098429,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,lobotomizedgoat,combat depends on how well you designed your ship/fleeteach faction has strengths and weaknessesgarish fleet colors are highly recommended
,Recommended,329130,33547940,Posted: 14 July,all,ïLØLΣÜ,"By far the best part about the game is its soundtrack, its fitting to point where I`d call it dynamic since it seems to change in accordance to the situation. The graphics are very simple, allowing it to run very smoothly on low end machines, and adding a minimalist look to the game. While there is only about 7 factions to play as, you have Steam Workshop support, so you can not only get more content, you can also make your own. Getting started in game is very easy as there is an in-built tutorial with every new game. (An option to turn this off would be nice though :) Building is easy but somewhat infuriating as you will build something that may not fit right, this is due to the geometry of the parts, and makes you wish you paid more attention to your Geometry class. As of gameplay, there is a variety of playstyles out there, and there seems to be a faction for everything. Overall, Reassembly is a simply elegant game that just asks to have hours poured into it."
,Recommended,329130,15082109,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,EnergizedBlast,"This. Beautiful. Game.For those who enjoy having the ability to build literally almost EVERYTHING for yourself, this is very, very, very welcoming to the creative minds out there. Every single aspect of the ship is COMPLETELY up to you, as you build your ship (and soon) fleet; not just build, but evolve.At first, you might get lost real easily by how the game starts out, dropping you in the middle of the game, letting you get your hands in the thick of it with no real instruction. EXPERIMENT! This game is literally endless, with no real, true penalties to stop you from doing whatever you want. From a few simple polygons, you clump it together slowly, piece by piece, and learn what YOU enjoy, and find to work, and improve off it. Not only that, but this game can conform to the way you wish to play easily, so there is NEVER any one, right way to play.Wish to go in hard and heavy, with a giant, bulk-head cruiser? Go ahead, and charge at enemies with a hailstorm of laser beams. Or stay it safe, and strafe your enemies and snipe from afar with powerful missles and energy shots to obliterate the enemy. It is entirely put into the hand of the creator: You.I bought this when it was at $30; I would do it again and again. I found it good enough to actually post a review for the FIRST TIME. With a lovely $15 price tag, and with how well sewed this whole game is, based on such a simple concept and turned into something limitless, I could nearly argue it's the best game I've ever played in my life thus far."
,Recommended,329130,24115081,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Disorder,"This game will probably take you a while to figure out at first, but once you get into it, it's pure gold. It plays like a combination of asteroids and lego. If you have ever played the indie project Battleships Forever then you will find everything is comfortably familiar. The game is probably one of the best space builder sandboxes out there and has a very simple premise;  Create a fleet of ships that can dominate a galaxy created randomly for you on every new game, each ship customised and built from armour, gun, thruster and various tech parts by you! (or maybe someone else :)  It''s small, light, programmed well and will give you hours of entertainment.  I love this game and have taken a very long in trying to create the perfect killing machine, but the endless combinations of ships and parts along with constantly being challenged by community creations (which are blended in seamlessly) along with workshop support, have brought me back to test my mettle again and again. Also if you and a friend both have the game you can load each others fleets to fight each other. Well worth it."
,Recommended,329130,32903617,Posted: 27 June,all,baronnecrospasm,"This game is a modern piece-by-piece, block building game that features geometric voxel-like space ships shooting in a 2D environment. The game itself has no exact end game except destroying every other faction and building big, amazing ships of doom. You can export your ships designs to fight as NPC fleets in other player's games as well. My favorite part of this game is it's easy modding and mod support."
,Recommended,329130,25685462,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Polkaroo,"Sat down to try it out. 8hrs later, whoa. Takes some time to get the basics sorted out but then it is just so cool. I'm not sure if or how you can beat the game, but my ships are still getting bigger and I'm still hooked. Great game!"
,Recommended,329130,14641463,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,ßeta,First time I booted up the game I played for 4+ hours. Pretty freaking fun exploring and making your own ships/fleets.
,Recommended,329130,28415201,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Some Guy,"Wow, I was surprised to find out that I hadn't written a review for this game yet, so here it goes:Reassembly is probably one of the most unique games I've played. Essentially, it's a top-down RTS-ish shooter game, where you get to build your ship from the ground up. This means unlimited possibilities in your playstyle, but each individual part you build can be destroyed. This means that when building you have to take into consideration the armor and placement of features on your ship.There is also a massive faction system in the game, and your whole goal is to make sure that yours prospers. This might seem tricky, but you can build and hire allies to help you out in securing more sectors of the universe. Eventually, your goal is to either take over the entire universe, or go through one of the wormholes at the center, travelling you to another universe. You can also upload your fleet that you assemble for other players to battle. The fleet you upload will appear as an ""Agent"" fleet in someone else's universe. Agents are player uploaded fleets, and there are 8 per universe, so it isn't as easy to take over the universe as it first appears.One of the most interesting and subtle features is that you areevolvingthe faction that you choose. All of the ships/stations/etc. that you create can be rebuilt by all of your allies. This doesn't seem like a very big deal, but later in the game it is. After a while of playing in the same universe, I noticed that I, singlehandedly, evolved my allegience of farmers into the most powerful fighting force in the universe. This means that you can alter the playstyle of your faction into something completely different then how they started.Something else to note is that this game is incredibly modder friendly. I had neveractuallymodded a game before I bought Reassembly. All I knew how to do was install mods that I downloaded online. However, I found that Reassembly's files were incredibly easy to navigate, and I could tell exactly what I was looking for when I saw it. All I had to do was open some files in Notepad or Notepad++, and just look around for the things I wanted changed. Again, the files are really self-explanitory.I highly recommend this game to everyone who likes top-down shooters and building games. I give it a 9/10*EDIT* I edited this review, because I feel like I didn't go into enough detail in the original one."
,Recommended,329130,13116222,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Paulverizer,"This game is lots of fun, especially if you already enjoy shipbuilders. Constructing your ship is simple, and you can even test it against other AI before you take a spin in it. Gameplay so far is farely simplistic. Build up your faction by collecting resources and designing better ships to take on the other factions. Buy new parts to upgrade your ships. Upgrade your ships. Blow up other ships. Despite the simplicity the game is tons of fun and I highly recommend it.And don't forget, this is only in beta, so I have good hopes of more content being added on later."
76561198075785575,Recommended,329130,13109159,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,MacGunn23,Reassembly is a wonderful creative way to spend your time. Well worth the price.10/10
,Recommended,329130,24980138,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,DEATHRUNNER7564,"This is one of my favorite games ever, I highly recomend it to all players.things good about this game:-it has unlimeted posabilities-it is beatiful with great grafics-it is on all formats-it has tournaments and a way for you to send your fleet to other players' worlds-it is infinite to the point where you cannot go back to past points in the game-it has multiple game slots"
76561198121347255,Recommended,329130,16143697,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Smit24,"Very good game, I've played around 150 hours of it and it is still fun. At first everything will kill you, but later almost nothing stands a chance besides agents. A lot of diversity in the different factions. Every faction presents a new way to play, and a new goal to reach. Very easy to learn, very hard not to get blown up by bigger ships and not crash into random things. Only problem I have found in the game is the indestructible faction 1 station cores that sometimes agents are made of. 9 out of 10."
,Recommended,329130,14306224,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Critzlez(Old),"Great Game 9.7/10. Build ship fleet and destroy other ships is greatShort Review:+ Beautiful graphics+ Good gameplay+ Awesome features+ Randomly Generated World+ Wormhole feature to make a new world for replayability+Amazing ship building feature-Saves can be deleted from bugs that I've encountered (3 TIMES ALREADY)-Performance issues on Yellow Plant Faction, even with beefy PC'sLong Version: Reassembly is a vector-graphics game with a great original topic. This game can be very addicting. The one thing i do encounter in this game is the repititive gameplay. Eventually, you will get maximum Power to upgrade your ship until you cant upgrade it anymore, creating a big, strong ship/fleet. When you go to this part, you will see it is easy to pick off the small and huge ships in the center, even if they swarm you, you would just easily kill all of them off. I do recommend to the Dev(s) to create bigger ships or even create it so that the bigger P you have, the bigger the enemy ships get. Sort of like ""evolution"" (idk lol). This suggestion would take time, but will be worth it.I have played this game for hours and it is extremely fun to play. I get more excited for updates in the game rather than updates for others (except Running With RIfles), even if they are just bugfixes.Overall: Game is very fun and addictive. its gr8 m8 i r8 8/8"
,Recommended,329130,14630378,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,cysdal,"actually making effort of typing words because this game deserves a full recommendation. do not hesitate, buy now"
76561198067692156,Recommended,329130,14803584,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,yac,"Design magnificient 2D space ships in a great and efficient editor that's better than most of vector graphic editors I've used. Your civilization is using the ships you've designed so you can see the progress throughout the galaxy as you iteratively upgrade your ships to be bigger, better, faster, stronger and annihilate all opposition in an extremely satisfying way.Thanks to wormohles (author calls it async multiplayer), you wage war against other players' creatinos and send your warships into other people's universes to do the same! This is afantastic wayto deliver user generated content directly in the game without hassle and reward you for contributing - sending your creations to wreak havoc in parallel universes. How cool is that?!I love space games, especially 2D ones like Space Pirates And Zombies and I also love engineering games where I build vehicles myself for efficiency (Robocraft, From the Depths, Space Engineers) and this game brings so much to the table I sit here with my mind blown.Did I menion one of the 7 playable races is using bloody penrose tiles? What the... just wow!I think there is space for more user content awesomeness like player designed races (from the tiles already available) that would increase the already huge replay value to unseen levels, but you could call that a greed as the game is great already as is. And imagine downloading new races (tile sets) from workshop... yeah, greed... hmm...This is a very special game and I deeply thank the dev for creating this masterpiece!Few highlights:* ships are damaged piece by piece* shipsreassemblethemselves piece by piece* ships with factories can spawn other ships (with factories...)* maneuverability is decided by the placement of engines (finally)* 7 playable races are unique and many strategies and designs are available* you can test your ships against other ships and even against each other across save files* galaxy feels alive, almost like Spore* user generated content integrated into game with 0 effort to both consume and create (just fly through wormhole and even get reward, yay)I bought this at full price and I regret nothing. I can't say that about many Steam purchases I did :-p"
76561198014033374,Recommended,329130,25045262,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,m2ark,"Fun, stable.You get to design your own starships.  As you travel you encounter more powerful opponenets which drives you designing more ships.  Fun."
76561198042052246,Recommended,329130,13172037,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Fat Yoshi,"I was hasty at first but after buying this game its amazing for such a simple idea made very complex, i would recommand this to anybody who likes space type games and like to fly shoot and kill other ships.     9/10"
76561198072402725,Recommended,329130,14955228,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Orangez_,"First part is only for in-depth explanation, also may contain SPOILERS:Scroll past for basicsI have been playing this game a lot recently, and I love it.  I'm usually a little worried when I look at an alpha stage game because I have a few that I have bought in the past and never play, not because it was necessarily a bad game, or that the devs were bad, but because I have a very short attention span, and a lot of games.  The games that I tend to focus on are ones like reassembly, because you can take it as seriously as you want and the gameplay is ongoing, as in, you can go through wormholes and either upload the fleet you have currently in your saved ship designs chart, or you can actually 'go through' the wormhole and end up in an entirely different universe.  This is actually the part that I like most about the game, the first time I ran into a wormhole I decided to see what it did, after I went through my computer crashed and it deleted my whole save, which made me kinda sad, mainly because I thought my fleet just leaft me wouldn't come back, but ever since it has worked great.Other than it crashing that one time, this game is spectacular, you are provided with 8 factions to play as(I think there are 8 playable one's anyway), and each faction has loads of powerful weapons and methods of defense.  The game makes it feel as though you are actually the commander of a whole race(being able to change the production of any factory weilding ship or station), and a power limit that allows you to construct massive ships bristling with weaponry.  The graphics are 2D, but that seriously doesn't matter, the visual effects are stunning, and the sound effects are also top-notch.  The ship crafting system is just like they promise, you can build anything you want, given you have ingenuity and know how shapes work.  The soundtrack is surprisingly good for galactic domination, and has a very spacy, electronicy feel.  The A.I. is pretty smart, not human smart, but it will use it's advantages against you, especially agent ships, cuz remember, they could be made by me, or you, or anybody.  With all that other stuff in mind, I have a pretty nice computer and a really old and outdated monitor, so i run most games on ultra, except crysis, or that type of stuff.  Most of the time this game runs fine, but if i have a big fleet, and im fighting a huge battle with hundreds of ships, it gets quite laggy until everything is dead.The basic facts are as follows:Pros:- Gameplay is fast paced and fun- Makes you feel like the king of a space empire- Ship-building system is perfect- Graphics yo- Sounds great-Agents add tremendous difficulty- it's quality♥♥♥♥♥♥ buy itCons:- Large fleet battles can cause lag- crashes are few and far between, but excpected, cuz beta"
76561198042065562,Recommended,329130,15079180,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,gentlemanintacta,"The level of enjoyment you get out of this game will depend on two things, how much you like starships, and your level of creativity.If you don't like sci-fi and disliked art class when you were young, there is a fair chance you won't get much traction with this game, but if you are creative, imaginative, and love sci-fi, this game is a splendid creativity tool.It could use some more parts admittedly, some factions have close to 40 while others have only 17 or 16, and it has a few factions that aren't playable at this point, both things I hope will be rectified in the future, but despite a few flaws, this game is undeniably a jewel, a unique and interesting concept.In the end a Review is about one thing, is the game fun, and for me, and likely for those others who enjoy science-fiction and creativity tools, this game is definitely fun, prepare to sink hours into tweaking the designs for your fighters, capital ships, and stations."
,Recommended,329130,27248999,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,kitozmo,"An aging but extremely versatile spaceship creator, fighter, coloniser, customiser and fleet destroying game. For those who love to fiddle, and play with different weapons and configurations, which you can build (literally) unlimited configurations of weapons, blocks and storage, this is a must get."
,Recommended,329130,13812734,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,lelouch357,"this game while small in byte size has almost infinate replayabilty because of the size, weapon types, and now factions, if you like creating things and destroying enemies this game is for you. I was a little skeptic before i bought this game as i am a person who will play a game for about an hour or two after i bought it  but i watched some youtube vids on it -Deluxgaming- and it looked awsome-it IS awsome."
76561198032042257,Recommended,329130,23237962,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,HypernymMaker,"This is a surprisingly fun game.  But, although there is a tutorial, it needs to be more explicit.  That is, at least for me, when I started playing and I was exhausted and sleepy and mostly dead to the world I needed the tutorial to really drill into my head the basics of the game.  How do you repair your ship? It repairs itself.  How do you gather materials?  I'm still not quite sure. . .  maybe add a 'Gatherer' to your ship, shoot lots of enemies and absorb space debris by tractor field."
,Recommended,329130,23011431,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Kain,"Got the game. Unlocked all the factions, learned their secrets. Then found the workshop. Bye-bye galaxy."
,Recommended,329130,23977094,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Keudo,"This game is awesome.It takes a moment to figure it out, and the controls aren't the simplest, but they make sense and fit with the idea of flying around in space.You get to kill stuff, make your stuff bigger with the money you get from killing stuff, to go kill bigger stuff, to repeat the cycle? Sounds fun.Oh, I get to get bigger guns for killing stuff? Even better!Wait! I get to manufacture my own fleet, on the fly, to kill my stuff for me?! Oh, yeah!!WAIT. ONE. DAMN. SECOND. I can build my own fleet, on the fly, to BUILD EVEN MORE FLEET FOR ME, ON THE FLY, TO KILL ALL THE STUFF?!Hell.Yes.I recommend this in a heartbeat. Twice."
76561198152206452,Recommended,329130,24322788,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,homunculus,"This game is incredibly fun, I've clocked in nearly 200 hours on it. The basic factions are very fun, but once you get into mods, extra factions, and all that it becomes even better. I'm on countless hours building massive ships, some are carriers, some are fighters, all different types, I recommend this game to anyone with a brain."
76561198079433900,Recommended,329130,14766656,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,wowie,"well, who dosent like building a spaceship for the sole purpose of obliterating other spaceships?i certainly like it!this game is my favorite game on the steam network, with over 200 hours on record.i started playing on febuary, and am still in love with it to this day.WHY IT IS AWESOME, you ask?well.....-you get to build whatever you want-you get a constant flow of new mods to test out and play with-its really easy to mod, so you can build things yourself-there are 7 factions for you to play as, and a few more that you can unlock by messing with the game's code!-randomly generated plants and maps-lasers and cannons-player made ships called agentsin conclusion, go grab yourself 15 dollars and buy this game ASAP."
,Recommended,329130,14590690,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Ataraxia,This game is an absolute must buy for people who enjoy 2D combat and ultimate customization.
76561198053300738,Recommended,329130,34017824,Posted: 4 August,all,wilcox82400,"This game is a lot of fun! Their are endless possibilities of the types of ships you can build. I have had so much fun playing this game, and I even got my friends to play it too!There are some problems with this game however:1. It hasn't been updated in a while.2. Ships can 'phase through' other objects.3. The game can crash if there are too many projectiles on the screen, or the game's icon is used to run the game.While this game has its problems, it is still very fun. I definetly recommend this game."
76561198253033374,Recommended,329130,23631725,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Kohlenstoff,"This game is really awesome. The mechanics are good, the AI acts not like a moron and the factions have beautiful different behaviors, tactics, stations and environment. The graphics are also quite beautiful.Ship and control depend completely on own crafting skills. In short: It is possible to build a agile, fast and strong battleship without major weak spots.Conclusion: This game has been made with love and the result is woth every cent."
,Recommended,329130,17447468,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Doomcrow,"I would certianly reccomend this, its amazing.build a ship, make a fleet, detroy other peoples fleets, funi would never leave this game if it had multiplayer."
76561198071621928,Recommended,329130,14583422,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Napkin,"Huge time-blackhole, in which you will spend an eternity gathering mass and momentum and getting torn to pieces.9/10 Gimme more deadly lasers."
76561198005584406,Recommended,329130,14572082,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Lactose,Really fun!!! way better than i thought and deeper too.
,Recommended,329130,34249302,Posted: 14 August,all,Mr.Howl,"Quick learning curve, endless hours of fun. Plenty of mod support as well."
,Recommended,329130,22418249,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Bilalrae,"lovely calming game with intuitive controls, modification options and game progression make it a late night casual game that is definetly worth the money"
76561198065511485,Recommended,329130,33755521,Posted: 23 July,all,superphoneboy,Great game but I did get bored rather quickly.
76561198069402069,Recommended,329130,23321507,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,DatBoi,"Very Addicting, With Great Mods In The Steam Workshop :D Would Recommend To All Ship Builders"
,Recommended,329130,14574190,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Kiwi,"i bought this yesterday for 22 pounds now its gone down to 10 pounds wtf very annoyed, but amazing game"
,Recommended,329130,28035716,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Gortern,Pros: Wont regretCons: money is involved
,Recommended,329130,17700024,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,earlz,"If you have about 6 months of spare time, I highly recommend this game. Otherwise, your other commitments WILL suffer. If video games can be an addiction, then this game is Meth. Hooked in the first hour."
76561198029055397,Recommended,329130,28855463,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Wilphart,"This game is nearly perfect.  If there were a multi-player arena where players could go against other players in a duel or FFA, then it would be perfect.First of all, it captures the the ship-building and physics of Astro Battle(https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Astro_Battle), but... better.  More parts, more customization, and factions with different techs that support different playstyles.  It's more forgiving to newbs too - each individual thruster doesn't need to be keyed for steering - the computer takes care of that.  But Astro Battle was only PVP, and you couldn't play it when nobody else was online.But it also captures the mayhem of a giant 2D dogfight the way Hellfighter did(http://www.dracova.com/hellfighter/).  Both Astro Battle & Hellfighter were fun, but neither lived up to its potential.  I think they're both abandoned now, but I still have the memories.  This gives you an AI to fight with lots of ships, but lets you customize yours and potentially every one in your fleet.  Best of both worlds.And you can artistically design your ships, colors, space stations to shape the world.  In that regard, it reminds me a lot of Spore from EA games, only this is is combat-oriented.  Spore was incredibly fun in the early stages, but lost out when you got to the galaxy stage - the single fleet that capped out at half  a dozen was the only thing making the economy go, and the galaxy quickly became too big for your little fleet.  In Reassembly, every ship has an independent captain and the ""economy"" works for each individual.  You don't need to babysit your empire, so it's not tedious - and there's no cap to the fleet you can have, so battles are FUN.And there is a decent AI to play against.  Not as good as PvP in some ways, but better in other ways.  The AI lets you test your own designs against - your own designs, for example.  And you can fight the AI-controlled blueprints that were designed from other players.  It's almost as good as facing off with other players.  There is a tournament mode that lets you upload different ships/fleets and then watch the magic.And finally, there is a neat little environment where space vegetation and debris from other ships can be collected as resources to build other ships from factories, and you can get a fleet that can maintain itself and increase it's numbers based on strategic settlements and/or battle victories.The different factions make for diverse opponents, and once you defeat a battleship from another faction, they become playable if you want to play as another race.  And the biggest challenges are fleets from successful players - or the AI playing with custom ships designed by players, anyway.Everything about the interface is user-friendly, but not cumbersome.  The designers did it right - including lots of shortcuts in the ship designer to make building big things easier.  You can tell they are perfectionists.  But they also made it mod-friendly in case you have a different version of perfection.  I can't say enough good things about it."
,Recommended,329130,30258519,Posted: 1 March,all,Sixela963,"I got this game a veeeeeery long time ago (it was still in early access if I remember well), and it is still by far my favorite once-in-a-while game. When I'm not sure what to do, I launch Reassembly and play for a perfectly undetermined amount of time.Reassembly is the perfect relaxation game. The music is both calm and upbeat, making the transitions between travelling, gathering and fighting almost seemless. Vector graphics also help to the surreal feel, and they allow the game to run very smoothly on most computers (as long as you keep away from the damn spiky plants, spamming projectiles until your computer fries). Fighting is also a spam-festival, but somehow keeps your game running good (and there is never FPS drop: only a physical simulation slowdown), and it is just exciting enough to be fun without making you hyper-active like playing Quake on accelerated speed after injection of pure Montain Dew essence. Death happens a lot, but isn't too punishing most of the time, and you usually tell yourself ""oh, well"" and keep going. Building is complex enough to make you activate a few brain cells without frying them, and permissive enough to allow for some beautifully shaped motherships,or if you are like me, spamming of pulse lasers to make an one-shot cube. Speaking of absurd powerful weapons, The tech system (a.k.a factions, unlocking weapons and upgrading your ship) is diverse and smooth enough to keep you going for quite some time.My personnal recommandation is to spam the same mid or end-tier weapon to make your gunships, except for the tinkrel (purple guys) able to make their own weapons: here just make a fat♥♥♥♥♥death-pouring valve, it's hilarious. And of course never forget the anti-missile cannons.My personnal favourite faction is the Red, because the lack of shields (hardest faction, by the way) forces you in making a swarm of well-designed ships, usually quite cheap and fast to produce. Unless you try to attack a ridiculous player-made gunship, few fleets can compete with a 100 ships army.The only complain I have is the lack of true multiplayer: you can see other player-made fleets in your world (agents), but that's it.Otherwise, I highly recommend getting this game."
,Recommended,329130,14698577,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,b4a.jgrahl,"Additctive fun, but don't forget to set your alarms since you'll lose track of time!With a screen full of particle effects the game runs smoothly.You can design any 2D shape you can think of given the limitation of the pieces per faction. Practically any design is possible with enough pieces.Ship design is done by you.  You shape it's toughness, layout, engine placement, maneuverability, weaponry, and other things related to each faction.There isn't much direction, but the game is simple, shoot everyone else.  There is a simple tutorial to get you to realize some things that might not be apparent.Some achievements are weak, but others actually take time and effort.Other player's ships show up in your universe to battle against."
,Recommended,329130,14677445,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,atR ToastyVeteran,"This game is one of the most addictive games I have ever played, when you kill things it makes you want to kill more things with more guns although the customizablilty may be a bit difficult with some of the factions due to the shape of their parts it is still easy to manage your ship as long as you picture what you want it to look like factoring in all of the space that some of the weapons take up.I heavily enjoy this game even though my hours may not show that as I have still very few but I will continue to play this game for a while so I recommend anyone to pick it up when they have spare money."
,Recommended,329130,16833399,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,(G.E.W.P) PSYCOsanches589,"Reassembly...a game where you can build you very own fleet piece by piece.  A very interesting and fun game that I would reccomend to anyone and that I think anyone could get a kick out of. The only thing is how long you'll stick with it. Now, I've only played this game for about 9 hours, so this is more of a first impressions, so take everything Isay witha grain of salt if you wish.This game is certainly an interesting idea that was executed rather well. They made the building system rather intuitive, but it is a bit difficult to master.  I did enjoy when I had my fleet and I was just cutting a warpath through my first world until I got to the wormhole and sent my fleet to other worlds and logged off for the night. It's a game you think you'll for an hour or 2, only to find yourself walking out your door screaming ""WHAT YEAR IS IT!?!?"" However, my only real problem with it is that is all you can do. To me it feels like a game that will get repetitive instantly.Again, only played for 9 hours myself, so take what I say with a grain of salt. I would reccomend this game to anyone to give it a go. It is certainly worth the 20 dollars, especially if you get real into it."
76561198071037217,Recommended,329130,16818526,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Brian,"I've always been a sucker for customization and Reassembly offers the second best ship-building experience that I have ever had. I think that I spent more time perfecting and refining my ship designs than I did fighting. Seven playable factions each with their own unique weapons and playstyles. Depending on your combat preference, some factions are easier to play than others. You kill things, buy new components and increase the point limit for your ships. I consider a faction finished when you've bought all upgrades and built an 8000 point Superdreadnaught that is pretty much unstoppable.I bought this game during a sale but after playing it I can say that, for me at least, I would have been happy to pay full price.The only things that I would change in this game would be an option to disable tutorials when you start a new faction and perhaps a few more components for some of the factions that only have two different types of weapons."
11235813213455891,Recommended,329130,16799460,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Number 1 PUBG Player,"Reassembly is a space combat game, in which you build your own ship, and can also design all the ships your faction spawns.The ultimate goal is to conquer the galaxy, eliminating all other factions (I've never managed).It's got a great atmosphere, the galaxy really feels alive, with plants shooting their spores from one asteroid to another, all the different factions doing their business, battles raging, quiet stretches of space littered with the remains of destroyed ships, asteroid fields and wormholes.It also has a sandbox mode (with command line and all), and a tournament mode, where you can organize battling championships.All in all, it's a great game! As you can see (or not, depending on when you are reading the review), I sank over 92 hours into this game in two weeks. That's quite a lot - and for good reason, it's super addictive. It felt quick because I sank so many hours into it in a short time, I think, but it's got great replayability, I still play it occasionally.Slightly dissapointed with some unlockable factions, and the UI isn't great (no way to save individual ship weapon bindings?), but I don't regret buying the game at all, it was (and still is, to be honest) a blast.[EDIT (Feb 2016)] - Binding issue seems to be fixed! Devs are still fixing bugs and facilitating modding! :DMost people should be comfortable with full price, it's not an expensive game at all.Go ahead and buy it! :D"
76561198124260145,Recommended,329130,28519220,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Ant the Gord,"There are no words to explain this type of game. This game is basically a giant sandbox with goals and objectives of course. However it's also not against you just getting in your ship and taking off into the cosmos to explore (assuming you don't get killed by another faction) It's fun as hell and can be endlessly customizable to suit your heart's desires. All of the factions (except for the reds which bothers me) are well balanced and have very specific strengths and weaknesses. Honestly the worst criticism I have for the game is that it's not available on mobile devices. If the developer reads this, I would emplore them to look into it. This would be far more popular on mobile than on pc. (I'd be one of the first to buy it as a matter of fact)Other than that I love this game, easily one of my favorites of all time. That's saying something for the game's simplistic graphics and textures. This game is truly, much in the same way as minecraft, proof that fancy graphics don't always make a game good. Some good old fashioned gameplay is what makes this game so good."
76561198112844990,Recommended,329130,18934165,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,rickabay,"To be frank I am not qualified an any way : (To describe in a congruent and un over enthusiastic method the utter pleasure this game has given me, in the short time I have owned it, is a task that could seem impossible, considering the choices /decisions I made in regards to the approach to articulating my point of view, of which there is more than one, of course this is all about the subject of sharing the opinion that arises from the experiences obtained by the direct consequence of deciding to spend the time, and at the time allowing for the time necessary to seal from possibility to reality the chance of owning this potentially entertaining game.Well... I am sure we are ALL glad that so has happenedI appreciate your enthusiasm!!! Thank youHere is a list of what you get for your hard earned money, a list for all those that hate tricky sentences  that are not actually in english but give the impression that they are so ....YOU get your very own game developer... an eccentric young talented and apparently stubborn enough to create a game where the clean coding approach has lead it to being the most optimized solution possible allowing millions and trillions of things to happen at once inside your computer and then you can see the calculated outcomes on the big thing with a side made of glass that shines when used properly. Please feed your programmer regularlyYOU get a game with lots of colours that you can change as well, these colours come in different shapes that can be changed as well but not as much as the colours ... those can be changed lots more than the shapes can, please be cautious with your colours...be very cautious with your shapes those you are NOT allowed to mess around with. Disclaimer these features do NOT work if your monitor is Black and White, also you can do anything with your shapes just don't do so in a messy fashion unless you wish to do so deliberately in which case you should be fineYOU get access to all sources of knowledge that up until now have been unseen by the academic eye and you will learn to master navigating the many choices you make, this is very important cause when you want to make a noticeable mark in a tournament you may do so by designing a cool ship that looks better than the others thus winning the Sweet generous award, it's crazy stuff! please consult your local foot therapist and take in small amounts !!YOU can finally find a good use for your mouse, and start not to use it! As the developer does not really trust your inexperienced eye to hand coordination he has made a game that you watch! You might as well give your mouse eyes and allow it to watch the game with you, the days of bashing that poor mouse is over. Disclaimer there is a mode where you use the mouse. There are many modes, but I wanted the poor mouse to have his/her moment too...YOU are still reading this review, and I adore you for doing so, I am lonely, Perhaps I should learn to communicate my feelings better, my resume is looking great but people seem to get confused? Oh well, this game is great and has some great communities of gamers and you tubers that organize events constantly for you to have fun and meet new people, among them is myself, and lots of other people that can write goodYOU can get a really trippy soundtrackand don't forget to look both ways before you cross or just follow a friend that is already crossing.Richard Ernest Kabay"
,Recommended,329130,17854533,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,| Artemis,"One of the best games I've played this year, let's start with the Good and then the bad things about the game.Pros:+++ Editing EVERY part of your ship (Weapons, Armor, everything);++ I don't get easily bored unlike other similar games;++ Nice gameplay;++ Almost never crashes;+ Graphics are nice, colors too;+ Nice sounds.Cons:- Music, I got annoyed and turned off. (Maybe adding more songs?)================It's hard to find bad things with this game.One of my top 15 Favourites"
76561198210178768,Recommended,329130,16123349,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,sumplkrum,"Have a new idea for a ship.Build it.Make it better.Test it.Make it better.Fly it around, shoot stuff, build a fleet and commit genocide.It's now 5:00 am and I'm not sure what day it is.   .... but I have a new idea for a ship"
,Recommended,329130,13718364,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Apple,"""The early access reflects the game in its final state"" - The developerI was worried I wouldnt like this game at first because of the lack of story, and the potentially complicated ship contruction feature. I like ship building, but not so detailed that I cant follow anything. This is that game. Some ships are incredibly complex but nothing exists that you cant replicate from a picture."
76561198074943301,Recommended,329130,13720410,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Husk,"This game has got to be the most addicting game ive played in a few years, even thought not fully finished. I have to say for anyone who loves building space ships this as its going is a must buy. To give you an understanding of the game, you start as a small prebuild ship which over time with enough resources, you can make your own or even just start making your own right away. At the start i spent 2 hours building ships and watching the testing battles, rather actually playing the core game which isn't even done yet. In short this game is great even in Early Access, and unless you play it for your self you will have a hard time seeing if you like this game. But i will say even as fun and addicting as this game is, there are some things not finished and even small down sides. For instance, the gameplay its self is very simple on its own, but is completly over shadowed by the rest of the game which is great. Honestly i hope people buy this game to try it out as it may not appeal to everyone, but it is in no right a bad game and i hope for the best that this game will be fantastic and live up to the developers and the communities expectations.NOTE WAS EARLY ACCESS REVIEW"
76561198007209141,Recommended,329130,14634544,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,BroccoliLord,This game is definetly worth the 15 from my early impressions. I highly Recamend it.
76561198016431721,Recommended,329130,14631176,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Hammershaft,This game is amazing. It's rough around the edges and it isn't very intuitive to figure out what's going on but once you get past that it's phenomonal.
,Recommended,329130,14638038,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Norstev,Great game.
,Recommended,329130,13568824,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Kuupio,"Bought game today played 5 hours and had very much fun, but there is one thing that annoys me a little bit. When i am going near of those green plants witch shoot white dots it just kills my computer but it's the only broblem in this game so far ;)"
76561197966365173,Recommended,329130,29176733,Posted: 10 January,all,Minotaur,"The game of the holidays 2016 for me with 100+ hr and counting...I have the same amount of fun playing the game than building new ships, mainly because both have been done equally with care...Once you get the hang of it (and unlocked the pieces you need), building a ship may take time but is a breeze. You can Copy/Paste (old Ctrl-X-C-V) an entire ship, a bunch of pieces or put pieces one at a time... For example, to make a circular ship (think Borg Sphere), I made 1/4 of the ship, then Copy/Paste and snap the 3 other parts together to make the sphere shell of the ship. Next step was to put weapons, shields Generators and such, then try your new creation in space...Of course, how you can build and what you can put depend on the faction you selected. Some factions has no square hull or no shield module, for example...Once in the battlefield, you'll notice that all ships are definitely not created equals and you need to adapt your 'piloting' accordingly:- Like most game of this type, you have to keep a balance (or not) between Firepower, Armor, Speed and Mass of the ship...- Your pilot square is not only the thing that keep your ship together and mean death if it is destroyed, but also affect the center of gravity of your ship... That means that for a ship of the same shape, you will drive it differently if you put the pilot capsule at the front, center or rear of the ship... Negligeable if you build a small fighter, but more obvious if you build a 'Star Destroyer' kind of ship... And putting it too close to the extremity means the enemy need to punch less shield/armor to hit it... Life if full of compromises...- And perhaps what surprise me (in a good way) the most is the feeling that you're not alone. Your part of a faction against other factions. Of course, you have a major infuence on your faction progress (you unlock new parts with your hard earned Credits, your faction will spawn and use ship you created, etc...) but when you pass next to an space port, you may see a new ship spawning and going for enemies and/or ressources alone (piloted by the AI, of course...).- You can fly solo or order others ships of your faction to follow you, giving you the feeling of commanding a small armada. Of course, AI is not the sharpest tool in the shed, but it is competent enough to follow you and attack your target, giving you an numerical advantage against powerful enemies... Just don't expect they'll use asteroids for cover or retreat in time when in trouble.Add to that mods from Steam Workshop, and you have plenty to see and do..."
76561198094320402,Recommended,329130,24212621,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Duke of Dash,"Really fun so far.-Creating ships is easy to understand and enjoyable to do.-The combat and gameplay is fun, love the sound in this game.-Lots of replay value with muiltiple factions and the ability to start a new world without reseting your progress."
76561198045822396,Recommended,329130,21740319,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Mainowner,"This game is for creative people who likes to build huge, gigantic, and complicated ships. Its time consuming and it pays off once you built your ship because then you get to DESTROY THINGS!!! WOOOOOO!"
,Recommended,329130,21483209,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Computer,Enjoyable game!
76561198095408247,Recommended,329130,21501857,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,soucy,a game expecting to have fun and got what i wanted
,Recommended,329130,16465625,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,nylo,got crystal factionmade huge gunsuch damagesuch velocitymuch range1 shotted the capital ship of an agentGG10/10
,Recommended,329130,16193325,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,ZAPierZeta,"The diverse factions you can unlock to play, the plans for workshop, the community that can help you solve any issues you may have, they are all amazing. This game, those who make it, and those who play it are amazing, This game is easily worth the money and if you like customizing your own ships, commanding your own factions and fighting along side your own creations, this is the game for you!"
76561198105784053,Recommended,329130,21974190,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Deetron,"Great Game with lots of exploration and creativity. Great music soundtracks to accompany your travels. Visuals are great too, even better with Splinters Graphics Overhaul. It gets a little boring if you're playing on one slot the whole time, but its not bad starting new again. Very relaxing. I recommend."
76561198058404391,Recommended,329130,26359873,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Catalyst,"I wasn't really that impressed by the trailer so I passed over this game, but then a friend played it and recommended it to me. When i first installed and played this game I didn't stop playing for almost 6 hours. I do really like this game, Its relaxing and you can play it on lower graphically powered desktops and laptops. The visualls are still great on any pc though, and the soundtrack is quite pleasent."
76561198006545785,Recommended,329130,19580987,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Rococho Ranger,"Gets pretty dull after a few hours when you are pretty high up, but those hours before that are highly fun.Much of the territory control/claiming is obtuse and not easy to plan.But if you like creative builders and space fights then this is a good game.I generally count a game as being worth the price if I get 1 hour's fun per £1.  I got this on sale, so got plenty of enjoyment out of it."
76561198079538935,Recommended,329130,14456058,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,GeorgieWashWash,"Flew around for a bit, dying a lot and making a small living out of hit and run tactics, reactivated a station, got 500C, though I was rich, bought lots of upgrades, made a missle ship, went into enemie teritory and reactivated a station. Mass war ensued for the next half hour, many big ships destroyed, many upgrades were bought. Killed more stuff blah blah blah awhile later I was making my own ships and spawning them around me, lost a battle with my carrier and 61 ships vs. 3 battle ships(last one got a lucky hit on me). Respawned then started making ships that make more ships, started selling them for money. Am now rich 11/10"
,Recommended,329130,14246720,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Little Potatoman,"Reassembly is a sandbox game were you are space ship that you can customize to your own liking, and once you do that you can go into space, destroy enemies, make more spaceships and rule the universe!  I rate this game 9.5/10.  (why 9.5?  Because it is expensive, thats why.)"
76561197987498188,Recommended,329130,14437062,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Scythe1344,This game is really enjoyable.It kind of feels a bit like Spore.I played this longer than Shadow of Mordor :/
76561198049688895,Recommended,329130,14475708,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,2Fox,"I was beyond skeptical about this game.But I figured... hey, I love ship building games, I love re-thinking my strategy, I like unique weird little games without 3d grahpics.So I played it for a bit. It was fun. I don't know where the tipping point was... I think it was at 3am. I realized I was hooked. I was rebuilding my ship yet again and out of nowhere the background music changes.OH MY GOD THE MUSIC.This game smashed my expectations for uniqueness and the music... that just made my day / night / whatever time doesn't matter anymore."
,Recommended,329130,13244704,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Dezerker,One of the most fun strategy games i've played in a long time worth the price. if your into strategy games stop and take a look at this.
,Recommended,329130,14610127,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Ruga,What a great game! Customize your factions ships however you want and build up a fleet! Play the other block races for different weapons and armor pieces unique to that particular team!
76561197971141931,Recommended,329130,14631214,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,aaadam,Everything I wanted Stardrive to be.10/10 Ship building.8/10 Space battles.10/10 creativity0/10 Story - There is'nt one!Overall a really really enjoyable game. Fingers crossed the Dev pumps more content into it.
,Recommended,329130,14569584,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,grimcam,From the time i had spent with this game at the begining i kindof didn't like it but then when i had a ship that can spawn more cheap resourced ships and just anniliate a lot of areas i was having a lot of fun with this and ii can recomend this game if you want a game were u can build your own ship in any way possible like a drone ship or a masive cannon the possibility is yours.8/10
76561198167689625,Recommended,329130,14568523,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,VILE DESECRATOR,"this game is enjoyable, i would like to play it on my phone as an on the go kind of game, building ships in this game is like building houses in minecraft, your imagination is your limit"
76561197970917644,Recommended,329130,14303440,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Chainlink,"This is a bit like SPaZ with total ship customization. Completing objectives like capturing points and killing enemies awards you with upgrade points that you can use to buy more weapons and systems for your ships. You can start from the ground up to customize your ship, which gives you the freedom to make a spectacularly crappy ship or the ship of awesome, all governed by how many upgrade points you put into ship total size. It's so fun, and I constantly go back and tweak ships when I unlock new techs.The price is higher than an indie game, and that's a bit of a negative, but there is plenty of value in the ship customization. There are different ship races to unlock, so there is a bit of replay value. The ship races differ dramatically, so it feels different evey time you start fresh with a new race.Creativity in ship building is the shining point of this game, and I'm glad I bought it.This game is fun and functional in its early access state, so don't worry about buying something buggy and unfinished. It's good!"
76561197993694552,Recommended,329130,14585432,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Tomi,Awesome!
76561198025756114,Recommended,329130,25675083,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,assassinvrxz,"This is a fantastic and highly enjoyable game. I have put in quite a few hours in on this game and it has not ceased to entertain. The various factions given to you provide a different playstyle and even within each faction there are different ways to play. Once you get a fleet going about 50 ships deep there isn't much that can stop you, and that is a good feeling."
,Recommended,329130,21661894,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Killer,"Reassembly is a decent sandbox shooter that has a relaxed atmosphere.  The best part, obviously, is building your own ships and experimenting with designs.  As you gather resources you can purchase better parts.  Each of the factions have a unique theme and require different strategies to design. The ship building interface is very intuitive and easy to use, which is a big plus.It's a nice, chill single player game but I think overall it lacks depth, which I will describe below.There's really no need for specialization against any particular foe. With such flexibility in ship design I was hoping this game could push this concept more.  Once you have a decent ship it works against all factions almost universally. You can fiddle with designs for a while, but in the end, more expensive parts will make you better.  With many factions it's quickest to destroy enemy ships for resources, so that becomes your sole focus.  Once you max out your ship, basically nothing stands in your way.  Unless you tried to get all the Steam achievements, like I did, there's not much of an end game to keep you playing.  I spent most of my time on this game grinding out achievements.In conclusion, it was fun but lack of depth put me on the fence on this one.  After getting all of the achievements, I feel like I tapped out all of my reasons to keep playing.   I would have liked to see the ship building aspect developed further.  I'm leaning on the fence to recommend this game, but it was still fun for the time being.   If you feel like this game might be something you'll be interested in then you'll probably enjoy it."
76561198170527701,Recommended,329130,21546964,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,askapolokum,Reassembly is the best game i have played (i havent played many but yeah)
,Recommended,329130,23253185,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Redempt,"I've had this game a while now, and I can't ever seem to be able to drop it. Every time I reach the endgame in one faction, I start again in another. The game is limitless, and so perfectly well done. If I could, I would give this game an 50/10. Of course, it's not for everyone, but if you like survival games with lots of progressions, sandbox games, and such, then I would recommend this game."
76561197976548618,Recommended,329130,18197306,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,JerJer,"Wonderful gameEasy to play, yet complex enough to keep you trying to min/max your ships. Physics are pretty good.NEEDS CO-OP!!Would like to see more races, or more pieces for some specific races..EVEN SO, definitely worth the buy, especially if you ever liked the Escape Velocity series... this game play is similar, but allows for mouse-aiming too!"
76561198090868483,Recommended,329130,14532768,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,ironhead36,Let me just begin by saying this game is in early developement and it may have its bugs but still is worth playing through. the gameplay and concept are a jewel among other games. there are strategy and shooter elements along with casual elements that make this game just an all around excellent experience both for hardcore action players and more relaxed casual players.The ability to make your own ship one block at a time and perfect it and then see other stations and ships spawn your design is a beautiful site. This is an excellent marriage of strategy and shooter along with a wonderful atmospheric environment. the price for this game may seem a little high but I personally think it is well worth the price for the experience you can have in the game.pros- modular ship building- living ever changing environment- unique playable factions each specializing in a particular playstyle.- interesting encounters with other players ship designs.- early access- inifinite ways to playcons- early access- lack of uniqueness with some factions- weak factions- lacking content
,Recommended,329130,14588900,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Pumpernickle-,"Crazy fun game that can take a little bit to fully grasp, but once you do it becomes so much more.The music and ""look"" of the game is spectacular.  It's easily worth 15 dollars."
,Recommended,329130,14652347,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,bernie sanders,"Built a spaceship that has two giant dragon heads with flames coming out and lasers for eyes.11/10 would shoot lasers out of my dragon eyes again.Silliness aside, I play a lot of computer games and love this one.  I rarely write reviews, that's how much I enjoy this game.  So let me help you decide since you're still reading because you're too lazy to watch a video clip of it on youtube (j/k, i read reviews of games before I buy too).  Do you like:- sci fi games?  (Starcraft, EVE Online, Alpha Centauri)- building characters in RPGs, building empires in 4X games, or creating custom units?  (think Armored Core, Alpha Centauri's unit editor, etc.)- 2D arcade shooters, or people who like shooting things in general?This game has elements of all of those.  Has a fun difficulty to it too, learning the mechanics, and being caught offguard by something new because you fight other people's spaceships in space sometimes, lol.  Testing your shapceships in automated AI duels against other player's spaceships is entertaining too, like watching a tournament in eSports.  Very entertaining game, excellent graphics, awesome soundtrack.  Music is the kind of rare video game music that you can listen to for hours and still enjoy.  The music reminds me of the PC game ""Shatter"" soundtrack - a game which I've never played before but love the music of (look up Shatter OST on youtube).  Highly recommend Reassembly.  So wow."
,Recommended,329130,14571419,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,SkippyThe13th,"Seriously an amazing game if you're looking for something to stretch your creative muscles.  You choose one of many playable factions, each unique in the parts and weapons available to them.  Using said parts, you create a 2D spaceship and begin to pioneer your faction to victory.Things to note:-This game has no story.  It is purely driven by you making a story yourself, or simply wanting to conquer the generated world.-All movement in the game is physics based, and your ships are only as good as you build them.  This means there is something similar to a puzzle/strategy aspect of the game when building your ships.  If this is unappealing, I would be hesitant to recommend this game to you.A possible solution to this problem is the implementation of the Steam Workshop.  This allows people to upload entire factions/fleets for you to use, but in my opinion you are mission out on half if not more of the game if you aren't building things.-Replay value is arguable, and very dependant on the player.  If you are someone who likes experimenting with strategies, or challenging yourself by say, limiting your options by a personal rule, then you will most likely find it easy to sink hours into Reassembly.In closing, I will simply say that Reassembly is a very rewarding game for those who enjoy top-down shooters, side scrollers, and creating functional and even beautiful things.  If you find it difficult to find personal motivation with a game, maybe double check other games on your wishlist before buying.P.S. If you're into systematically destroying A.I. populations, this game could be for you."
,Recommended,329130,14571499,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,eaton627,Amazing game. Just about everything you could possibly want in a ship building game.
76561197994087192,Recommended,329130,13179742,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Paradoxfrog,"I have to admit - i was unsure if i really wanna invest 30 Buxx in a Game thats not made by a AAA Studio. After i saw some Videos i just bought it and started to test.Wow - this Game really is a Gem - you can design crazy ships, powerful ships - just any kind of ship u can imagine.If u liked SPAZ or just Space-Collecting-then-destroying-everything Games u will love this.Its the kind of game u start up and just play until you realize that time just passed so fast u nearly missed going to work.Absolutly one of the best games u can get for 30 Buxx"
76561197968732547,Recommended,329130,25175088,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Wigglytooth,I have about 10 hrs on this game just today... I can't stop playing.  The customization is incredible.  It's simplistic in gameplay but so intense in combat and strategy.  Wish I knew about this before I bought No Man's Lie.10/10
,Recommended,329130,23211173,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,ApesUpt,"IntroductionI picked this game up on steam for 15$ after i saw the game void expanse and wanted a better version of it. Well, this game is nothing like voidexpanse, its not an RPG. This is a creative game that lets you build your own space ships. AND I LOVE IT.GameplayYou fly around space killing other faction's people.CreativityyesReplayabilityyes.and it is so easy to mod, make your own blocks, factions, ect. You can be a modder with no experience if you follow the guides10/10"
,Recommended,329130,15832628,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Halcyoun,"Simply put, this game is amazeballs! Seriously, buy this game. I would never have imagined someone making something like this or me going ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ over it and yet here it is; At it's core just a handful of basic ideas, geometric building blocks, and one giant helping of awesome-sauce slathered on top to drown the whole thing in.Here's what to expect:1. A Procedurally generated space sandbox so the game is literally new every time you start a new game.2. A palette of glowing geometric blocks with which to build your epic spaceship/station heart out.3. Your own fleet lovingly mouse-crafted by you from one of 7 factions unlockable by playing the game and dominating your enemies.4. 100s of stock ships from the 12 (or 13?) distinct in-game factions populating your space-box (that's ""space sandbox"" for those of you catching up).5. One of my own ships showing up in your space-box bent on dominating your universe via the ""Wormhole"" system that allows AI controlled versions of other Reassembly player's ships to appear as ""Agents"" and lay down some good ol' fashioned obliteration on your♥♥♥♥♥6. Out of control radiant geometric space-plants growing on  nearby asteroid fields that SEEM to not pose a serious threat compared to the other guys with plasma-cannons and burst-lasers but just wait....just wait...7. Moddable factions (currently in beta) where you, yes YOU! can create your own block palette, ships, and other faction goodies to inject into your game or upload to the Steam Workshop and let others play with your wonderful (or evil...) creations.8. An awesome in-game soundtrack by recording artist Peaks.9. Hours to fly by as you have an amazing time playing one of the greatest games there ever was or is or will be in this dimension or the other infinity of them. Seriously, buy this game.What not to Expect:1. True synchronous multiplayer....sorry folks, this doesn't seem to be a thing in Reassembly but who knows about the future? *wink wink Arthur wink wink*2. Boredom. In fact, kiss that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ goodbye because Reassembly will be filling his usual spot from now on.3. Buyer's Remorse. ""This game is good. This is game is very good."" - Everyone"
76561197968577837,Recommended,329130,17659034,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Legend,"A fun twin stick spaceship shooter with an organic feel to it similar to Pixeljunks Flow. You collect food called R(esource) and trade it for C(redits) to unlock new ship parts and raise your point allowance to stick more guns and thrusters to your ships body.Damage taken is reflected on your ships, parts are removed and will regrow fairly quickly. Half your thrusters missing on one side of your ship? Have fun trying to escape without smacking right into the next obstacle. If you command block is destroyed you respawn at the nearest factory station or ship, while losing all R. No big deal, chances are you randomly crash you ship into the next asteroid at least a couple of times.You expand territory for you faction by activating space stations and feeding them resources. Once you unlock the factory block you can start building your own fleet with your own designs, and even pop out your own stations. Massively fun for a bit but it's really a one trick pony.The goodControls are good, even though you can build clunky ships.Ship Designs are fun and designing your own fleets is quite neat.Lots of ship designs from user generated content, also workshop support now.The Organic world with it feeding and growing cycle is sweet, even if only rudimentary.Offer  at least 6-7 hours ofgoodfun. More if you enjoy the editor, optimizing fleets and trying out the different races. I doubt we see much more support from the dev that adds more replyability, but you never know.The badController support isn't complete, feels like 80% is there and the rest just never got done.Tutorial is a joke, it just checks for input and a couple of conditions, I accidently skipped almost half of it in the first 3 seconds. At the very list it needs to disable other inputs and walk you though it step by step.Simple block ship designs tend to do better than fancy. Wrong incentive.Editor has a snap function for connecting parts, nice but it only works 50% of the time making it almost useless.Some ship design are rather clunky and the AI does a good job of smashing into every solid body, Funny the first two times but it does get old really fast after that.Low replayability, the simulation aspect of the world isn't really complex enough to allow for new situations to arise.Looking forward to a sequel, I would love to see the core concepts of the game flashed out and some support for drop in multiplayer."
76561198046533401,Recommended,329130,16919445,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,primoaurelius,"take the very beginning of spore, the cell stage, upgrade that ten-fold,  use a spaceship asthetic, and you will get a good idea of what reassembly is. this game is really a lot of fun, especially if you like building things. there are different races you get to play, each with their own style, weapons, and blocks to use. during the game, you float around killing other ships and collecting resources. you take those back to stations and factories that can make more ships, and blob out from there to occupy more space. the more resources you collect, the more you can upgrade, and the size of your ship will progressivly get larger and larger. one fun side part of the game is just designing ships and having tournaments with them. finding out what designs work in different situations and adjusting your current blueprints to fit within a certain size can be very addicting. do you want a slow chugging armored beast, or a superlite speedy sniper? in the end its up to you, and the amount of designs that you can create are literally endless."
,Recommended,329130,19458913,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Admiral Von Schneider,"I played 24 hours of this game on one weekend, straight.What are you waiting for?!"
,Recommended,329130,19785727,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,devyndamonster,"This is an excellent game to pass the time, and mods can make it into a great experience. 9/10"
,Recommended,329130,19824958,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,petercaplante,"I have a total of just over 20hrs into the game. The first 15 were on an old windows computer where It was still very fun, but the graphics weren't as good as they could be and it lagged horribly whenever I went near the spiky yellow plants. Recently, I realized it was compatible with my brother's new Mac and the graphics were amazing and it only lagged when I made tournaments with hundreds of drone carriers.Reassembly really has it all.-fun piloting-customization-semi-realistic physics-Mac compatibility-mod support-giant AI battlesIt doesn't get boring 5/5"
76561197970406987,Recommended,329130,20039639,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,2fast4,Amazing Fun! Building Starships is a blast and super easy in this game!I very much like the idea to fight creations of other players.My only gripe with Reassembly is in the differences between the factions. Some factions have extensive tech trees while others hav only a few options.
76561198070225108,Recommended,329130,15584529,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,marcus,its fine its just that it needs more factions
76561198076104207,Recommended,329130,18963005,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,bassfreqx,"Reassembly fits into my chill-out group of games. You can mindlessly tweak your ships, grow fleets, etc, and just explore the region. Once that region gets boring you can jump through the wormhole to a fresh new one. Over time the game does start to feel a little bland - once you get to the big ships and the big fleets with them, the challenge seems to go away. For that reason, that's why it's in my chill-out pile. It's Flow, with spaceships and some neat mechanics allowing you to change your ships, share your ships in other people's games, etc."
76561197988024012,Recommended,329130,14832717,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Shazarak,Creativity and action!  So fun designing your own ship.  Spend as much time designing ships as you do playing.  You can have a factory on your ship and make a fleet of your own creations!No useless diplomicy.  Just kill whatever is not you and take their resourses to build more.Physics!  Put engines all over your ship if you want to turn or break well.  Mass means something so be careful how much hull you use.10/10 Living starships that regrow.
76561198041108753,Recommended,329130,15234399,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Victor A Yorke,"Sometimes, two children building spaceships out of LEGO will be in the same room and without adult supervision. They will probably start by dogfighting their plastic creations, but sooner or later they will be taking turns to throw each spaceship into the other. This is the game of those models.Reassembly's ship creation is simple but pretty intricate in its outcome - you strap 2D weapons, components, inert hull pieces and engines to your command module until you're happy with the result. Ships can be any size, shape, scale (ships can be worth 50 points or 8000), tactical role and degree of effectiveness. You could build the Serenity, a Star Destroyer, a butterfly, a cartoon house with drone launchers in the windows, a space station shaped like Dover Castle or even a sniper rifle with a spinal death weapon for the barrel and a point defence laser for the trigger.At any time during the customisation you can press the 'test' button, and the AI will fly the ship against available stock designs in a 1v1 arena battle. You can also use the tournament game mode to watch battles between selected designs from any of your save files, any of your friends' save files and any .lua files someone has shared elsewhere on the internet. The devs run occasional open tournaments for ship designs, as do some youtubers.Single player is utterly devoid of story, it's basically a sandbox galaxy in which various mutually hostile factions hold territory. Kill things and provide R (the production resource) to your factory ships to gain C (research resource). Use C to increase your ship's build limit and unlock new components to play with, or to hire friendly ships to follow you around. Install a factory on your ship to be able to spend R on your custom escort ships, which you can release for more C. Conquer and comsume the galaxy, find a wormhole, travel to the next galaxy and start over. The visuals are pretty nice, the opposing factions are diverse and the fact that your escort ships are ones you yourself have designed makes the campaign feel more exclusive and personal in a 4X-ey sort fo way.The 7 playable factions generally handle differently, which adds some replayability. Some factions have diamond or rhombus hull pieces, changing their look and design priorities. there's a faction with really cheap shield generators and sniper cannons that can spawn resource-generating space-plants, there's a faction with cheap high-damage weapons and deadly beam drones but very little effective armour, there's a faction whose only direct weapon is a spinal plasma launcher you build by stacking modular components on top of each other. There's one faction that gets nuke launchers and melee spikes.On the downside though, some of the factions get their playstyle from a lack of versatlity and a poor choice of components. It's pretty demoralising to look at a new faction's full array of hardware and think 'is this it?' Tournaments can be dominated by Faction 4 (the modular plasma cannon one) and by 'spinny ships' (that exploit the AI's ability to lead targets, making them impossible to hit), the music is good but can be intrusive and gets repetitive after the first dozen hours or so. The campaign has almost no ships bigger than 3000P, meaning a player with the cap of 8000P gets to stomp everything with little effort or interesting events. They are small complaints but they do add up sometimes.To finish, I'll say that Rassembly holds its players' attention not with a scripted or even emergent narrative, or with a great challenge, but with the promise of having something to tinker with. Working out the strengths of each weapon or design, using those extra 200P to give your flagship a little more punch, and reverse-engineering a design you saw on youtube that one time, are what contributes to an addictive and engaging experience that's well worth the £11 it asks for."
76561197994741404,Recommended,329130,14786149,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,snipercup,Amount of time building ships: 95%Amount of time flying ships: 5%
76561198111217446,Recommended,329130,15250781,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Callynoodle,Reassembly.A game about building spaceships and fighting against AIs In a open galaxy.You can design your own ships completely form scratch out of different parts.There are 7 playable factions each with different parts to use.If you like captain forever you will almost certainly like Reassembly.You can collect resources from plants and build a fleetof your own to fight along side you.Overall A very good game.Definatly worth buying!
76561198110465176,Recommended,329130,21043505,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Bobby Bolshevik ☭,"This game is a simple concept expanded upon and made extremely entertaining (read: addicting). All you do is build a ship out of 2D shapes, shoot other ships, and try not to get blown up, all while making your blocky ship bigger and better. And yet, the game manages to do for me what even big-production space titles like Elite: Dangerous couldn't: absorb me in an expansive, living universe that I got hours of fun out of. It's easy to jump into, there's unlimited creative potential in making your ships, the destruction effects are satisfying, and you never run out of things to shoot, because the only thing there really is to do is expand your territory by destroying enemy ships, of which there are in (sometimes frustrating) abundance.The ""passive mulitplayer"" mechanic is enjoyable, because while you can't very well taunt over the wreckage of destroyed player ships hoping to give your enemy some quality killcam footage, you can still feel smug knowing you just trashed the MVP of someone else's universe without expecting them to come back for revenge.The game world in its geometric minimalism is surprisingly atmospheric, almost organic, and this feeling is certainly helped by the Brian Eno-esque music. There's no real plot that ties the 6 factions together as far as I know, but I feel like any kind of story would weigh down the smooth simplicity of the gameplay.All in all, Reassembly is probably the most fun you can have in space without doing cargo runs.(For bonus funtimes: Be the Sentinel. Get the Armor Spikes. Make buzzsaws. Be unstoppable.)"
,Recommended,329130,17096430,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Rallas,"This is, by far, the most fun I've had in a game recently.Pros:-Intuitive building system.-Multiple factions, all with seperate strengths and weaknesses.-Fast, exciting combat.-Easy to mod/ modding support.Cons:-No multiplayer."
76561198129462695,Recommended,329130,15756651,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,ＭaＬＥ ＦaＮＴＡＳＹ,"One night, euflora,SPAZ, and captain forever all bumped butts.... and that is how this game was made .w. 14/10"
,Recommended,329130,16506756,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Exxion,"Ever played Bubble Tanks? Well, imagine a universe in which1. It was Polygon Tanks instead of Bubble Tanks2. The series continued past number 33. Number 3 didn't suckThis game is quite a lot like what Polygon Tanks 14 or so from this hypothetical universe would be like.If you want a more detailed description, there are tons of other reviews which sum up everything about the game far better than I ever could. Basically, if you think there's a chance you might enjoy the game, just buy it.There's only one thing that bothers me. There should be an option in the editor for auto-symmetry, a lot like... well, Bubble Tanks 3. Everything else about the editor is astonishingly intuitive, though."
76561198017527238,Recommended,329130,17044946,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Nibon le cornichon,"Really nice game, i love the gameplay and the soundtrack is awesome, full support !"
,Recommended,329130,17838707,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,SonicBlue22,You can see other people's spaceships in your game...I'm surprised I haven't see a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥yet.yet
76561198008356921,Recommended,329130,28383237,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Inixus,"This is a fun game, you can built your own ships, how aswome is that, the most fun i had with the game was in the ship builder screen, more block choices need to b added imo.When you start the game it can make you feel like you dont have a chance against the ai, but that wil change, after a while you start to grow confidence (until face smack into a small fleet).Its a very basic and simple game, dont expect any depth (no story at all), i thought that my faction was going to help me in the game, try to attack sectors, but the ai is dumb, seems also that frendly ai only wakes up when they are on the screen ( could b a bug).Some minor frustrations for me;- you can make fleets yes, thats awsome, but they dangle behind you 99% of the time, and i keep loosing ships if i move to fast (seems like a los thing?), i gave up on the whole fleet thing cause they offer little to no help, and you keep losing ships without fighting.- hase huuuuge lag issues.- seems like your faction drops into a coma after a while.- ai factions do not fight each other, at least not in my games.- without mods you can only choose from a very small range of blocks/weapons."
,Recommended,329130,17618275,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,hi,"It was such an amazing escape when I left a mob of mountain-sized, 1500P-lettered monsters with merely a few percents of my ship and with more R letters than I could store, flying away with swiftness of lightning, having merely two thrusters and rotating ten times a second and shooting laser beams, looking like a shining blue star or a beacon. I felt so accomplished and happy, blazing across the black sea of cosmos.Then I suddenly hit a tetromino-shaped asteroid and died. 11/10 would hit an asteroid again."
,Recommended,329130,16091500,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,[TRYHARD] Dr. ChickenSalad PhD,"Best 2d space action game ever.Hell, best 2d action game ever.Hell, almost the best action game ever."
,Recommended,329130,14741291,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,RG GLoKT,"Oh god, I can't stop playing this. Spore in space?"
76561198026096853,Recommended,329130,28813114,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Cheetah,"This game some how takes the classic space-wars type game (Star Control, Space Wars, Asteroids) and ran so very very far with the genre into the realm of insane.  Reassembly manages to be both an increadibly fun fast paced action game, and yet, behind the scenes, when you notice it eventually, it's also a grand strategy.  Reassembly manages to marry these two genres into on of the most addictive and fun games I've gotten my hands on in a while.  Well worth every penny.  Would love to see official expansions to the game with more factions perhaps and new blocks.  I've yet to dig into the workshop."
76561198200276649,Recommended,329130,17314121,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Vextricity,"Really great game massive preceedurally genrated maps means a lot to explore and conquer and a lot of options to build on and get creative with when designing a fleet, upon conquering worlds you may proceed to find new ones to conquer through wormholes, while sending your fleet to cause trouble for other players. On the other hand, this game requires a lot of time investment to get the full experience of ship evolution and territory expansion, I recommend Reassembly specifically players looking to be creative with their designs and put some time into doing so. Players who might enjoy this game might also be fans of Robocraft or Minecraft since this game runs on a similar concept as Minecraft while also having the creative building aspects of Machine Craft."
,Recommended,329130,28641095,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,mipper,"This is an entertaining little battle simulation.It kept me entertained for 20 hours.I would like to see this concept expaned into a game with more in depth mechanics. Like adding missions, formations, strategy and tactics."
,Recommended,329130,26428407,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,sanadron,I love it making mother ships that kick butt! Those times when someone obliterates you and you sit there suprised... Don't forget to backup your worlds it's a sad day when you delete a world!
76561198127708452,Recommended,329130,28769138,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,alexvolcron,An amazing game. though slightly lacking in content an avid modding community capable of making a little ship the 8th the size of another be just as strong. if you are good at building you can do cool stuff. making a mod is easy. (a good one isnt if you suck at building like me and just have some blobs of doom) this game is worth a 30 dollar price tag in my opinion.  what are you waiting for? buy it already!
,Recommended,329130,28754440,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Blow Dog,"Reassembly is an utterly beautiful game. It's the one title in my library that has me in an almost trance like state of satisfaction.Sporting one of the best sountracks in game history, the developers have created this marvelous, biological, organic world of space faring exploration and combat.You start with a selection of small ships and are encouraged to build, gather, explore and attack. It's utterly mesmerising and will have you spending equal amounts of time microbuilding your ships to the specific hull panels as it will commandeering an eventual fleet.Bravo."
,Recommended,329130,20737509,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,leo3065,Personally I think this is a dangerous game (pretty addictive because it give quite much freedom). It's so great that I cannot stop playing it.10/10 will go face the Crystalline fleets again.
,Recommended,329130,20906925,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Starlike Idiot,"Reassembly is the game I never knew I wanted, but man, did I want it badly.A 2D top-down shooter not unlike space invaders or asteroids in the sense that you fly around and shoot stuff. Reassembly takes it to a whole new level, allowing you complete customization of your ship. You can connect various parts, which snap together at points like legos, to create whatever your mind can come up with. At the beginning of a playthrough, your ships will be small and fairly weak, but as you advance you will be able to fly massive frigates followed by your very own custom fleet.One of my favorite parts of ship creation is the physics of thruster placement. Where you put your thrusters actually matters a lot; your ship won't be able to turn very well if you only place them on the back. This also lets you build some funny creations such as ships that travel by spinning. It also means that if you are having trouble progressing, you can completely change the feel of your vehicle by moving or adding a thruster.Creation aside, the game revolves around the aquisition of currency (called ""C"") and resource (called ""R""). You get both of these basically by blowing up your enemies, the other ship factions. You use your C to buy upgrades and new parts for your fleet, allowing you to take on bigger enemies. If you manage to conquer your whole galaxy, no big deal, the game allows you to jump into a wormhole to enter a new galaxy with your fleet. You can also unlock new factions to play as; all of them utilize different base shapes for their ships, meaning you can create entirely new ideas playing one faction that you couldn't with another.If you feel like you've peaked, you can upload your fleet, sending it to other players' games as a powerful opponent called an Agent. This is a really great part of the game, it keeps things challenging and fresh.Overall, I put this game in the same circle as Spore. You create cool things and share it with others. The game is fun to look at, very colorful, and it has an awesome soundtrack. If you like building things, if you like space, or you like shooting the hell out of ships, just go buy Reassembly."
,Recommended,329130,28943049,Posted: 2 January,all,hehe,Extremely well thought out amazing space game. Recommend to EVERYONE.
76561198076600299,Recommended,329130,14639409,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Testpilot 14,"Its really orginal, never played a game this good. The building of ships and their possibilities is almost limitless ""almost"". The way you gather resources isn't exactly boring at all, I was worried that it would be a slow game that takes loads of time to build up to better tiers. But no, there is some time needed for gathering resources but more than half of my time I put into this game consists of me making up ideas of ship designs and models of ship from great sci-fi games and movies.This game has tactics that gurantee victory like other games allowing this much building freedom. One obvious one is weapon spam,  which does get nerve recking, especially since the game allows other built fleets to attack you. Which is an awesome element though, it really keeps you on the edge of your seat which makes there be no dull moment at all during gameplay. Although don't be worried about this as a huge issue,, one way to counter it is by making a bigger fleet or have bigger guns than you enemy. ( thats one that i have started using)Overall great game, worth the money i payed, and WARNING GETS EXTREMELY ADDICTING!8.8/10"
,Recommended,329130,14640682,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Billeh Crystal,If they made Spore 2 but with robots instead of creatures. VERY FUN to build your own fleet!
76561198038282164,Recommended,329130,14215422,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Mr.Beardie,FANTASTIC GAMEplaystyle gets boring after 44 hours but they will be adding more and more and will probabally be modded at some pointso tons of potential definatly reccomendits like 2d minecraft/starmade/robocraft great game
76561197991986151,Recommended,329130,14072429,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,76561197991986151,"Reassembly is an amazing game.  Similar to how Minecraft combined a 3D action sort of a game with gameplay that revolves around creativity using blocks and crafting, Reassembly does something similar in a sense. The combination of certain creative and radical mechanics with an existing game format makes for something much greater and more enjoyable in Reassembly.  The mechanics of the game when you are flying your spaceship remind me of asteroids, but the game is a lot deeper than that.  Reassembly is a top-down space shooter combined with a very open design mode where players create spaceships out of connectable pieces.  It also features reproducing spaceships :)In the video posted here on Steam, the creator of the game mentions something about creating things of function and beauty.  In reassembly, both function and beauty are valuable end-goals for player creations.  No one likes an ugly ship.  However, since ships reproduce, it is important that the ships are viable.  If you want a ship to turn well and quickly, you have think out where to place the engines so that they rotate the ship.  If you want to protect the core, you may have to surround it with armor.  Design in the game becomes a very interesting process as the original concepts behind a design merge with the necessary requirements for survivability to generate successful ships, or perhaps I should say, successful offspring."
,Recommended,329130,14152632,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Ronanwar,"This game is by far one of the best games I have ever played. 20 hours in the first 3 days. This game is created and crafted beautifully! The ship making is the best part. There are lazers, missiles, rail guns, more lazers, capital ships, fighters, lazers! and more missiles! There can easily be more then 100 ships on your entire screen. This game is not at all a performance hogger. It runs smooth and the UI is one of the best I have used this year. The devs are constantly updating and I believe the final release is this February. I must also add that this is singeplayer but hold on, all ships and stations made by other players, will take place in your game. There are 7 factions to choose from. Each with a different personality and feel. I totally reccomment this game to anyone! Totally worth the price tag. This game is constantly being updated. It will be addictive I must add. Very addictive."
,Recommended,329130,14171706,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Snek,"This game is wonderful. It is the perfect combination of strategy with building, and action with fast-paced battles. It is not too hard, which is good. I find that some games go so far in depth, you get lost and give up. This game is the perfect ballance between easy and difficult."
,Recommended,329130,14217399,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,malces,"I've never posted a review on Steam before, but Reassembly compelled me to do so.Summary: This game is still in beta. It also has some of the most immersive aesthetics and mechanics of any game I've ever played. I have learned to approach it with the caution of a recovering drug addict in a pharmacy-- if I click the icon I can expect to lose at least several hours of my time, if not portions of my health, dreams, and/or general human function.Criticisms: The only reasons I would hesitate to recommend it to my friends in its current state are 1) the effective lack of directed multiplayer, 2) the comparative ease once you start building capital ships, and 3) the lack of polish/balance across some of the playable factions.1) I found in my playtime that some of what I enjoyed most in the game was the ship design testing process, where at any point you can place your design in the hands of an AI and have it fight best-of-three battles against up to five different AI controlled ships of similar power levels. I would love to have the ability to put my designs up against the designs of my friends and other players, whether one-on-one, faction vs faction, or in larger skirmishes or king of the hill matches.2) Speaking of the king, once I completed a 8000P juggernaut and spent some time retooling my fleet even the center factions posed little threat (provided I didn't park in a plant faction death cluster or otherwise act a fool). As well, there was no longer any real use for the upgrade currency one you've maxed out the P limit and purchased all the weapon tiles. I haven't tried to achieve complete dominion of the entire game map yet, but the endgame isn't presently as enjoyable as the 20-30 hours I spent reaching it with the first faction (which is a pretty happy problem, granted).3) As for the factions, the first one has tiles complete with descriptions giving you an idea of each tile's use, as well as some flavor text. The other factions (more recently added to the playable roster) are a bit of a mixed bag, and often require playtesting in order to determine what certain tiles do, or why two similar appearing tiles may have very different power costs. I'm sure this will improve as the game nears release.Conclusion: This is an excellent indie space sim that melds the fun parts of designing ships with elements of RTS and simple asteroids-style gameplay. It is worth the $30 as is, and I'm excited to see the rest of what the developers pack in before it hits release."
,Recommended,329130,14588412,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,nachi,It's so hard to stop playing.
76561197974818078,Recommended,329130,14601940,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Caiban,"I figured this would be a game I'd play for 15 minutes here and there.  6 hours later I realized how much time had passed since I started playing.  If word of this game gets out, it's going to be a hit."
76561198047688224,Recommended,329130,14604623,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Jak,"This game is amazing, but the building interface needs to be fixed. While there are some bugs in that area, this game is absolutely fantastic. The soundtrack is beautiful and fitting and the gameplay is endless."
,Recommended,329130,14615854,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,OrangeGills,"Game is in early access and some bugs need to be worked out, along with some UI stuff in my opinion, but for the most part this game is SUPER fun. It's best moments are when you have a giant fleet of ships and ram it right into another one, and at that point just sit back and watch the lasers and explosions and parts of ships flying everywhere.10/10 would space again"
76561198162329500,Recommended,329130,14089993,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,\Coconut/,"I bought this game during its early alpha days and it has changed alot. They added the abilty to play different factions, mod support, tournaments and much more. The main thing you will be doing in this game is bulding space ships and fleets. You will have 9 factions you can unlock and use. All of these faction have different blocks and weapons you can use to build space ships you could spend hours making a ship you think is perfect then you test it find out its flaws and edit it to make it truly perfect and all the ships you build will be spawned by your friendly A.I whilst you attack different faction and take teritory. If there is anything i could say its try it"
76561198128867184,Recommended,329130,14153308,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,pyromancermaniac,the only thing i dont like about this game is the grinding but i say that about every game so that might not count... another thing i would like to see in this is actual multiplayer survival otherwise the graphics are amazing and blah blah blah im sure u have heard all this before. Do i recomend this game? only for those who want to be involed with it at this time and like these kinds of games so that is a yes definitly
76561198060663769,Recommended,329130,14588236,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Fire_scube,"It took me about an hour to fall into this game but once I finally got the hang of it I was hooked.  Its not until you can start producing your own personal fleet of ships that this game really starts to shine.  The graphics are beautiful, however there are some slowdowns when the huge battles start.  I turned a few physics options down a bit and it was much better.  I felt like I took a bit of a chance buying this in early access but I feel like its well worth it.  I hope to see some more multiplayer options soon.  There is a lot to do already to keep you busy while the devs work on even more content as it sets now."
76561198094400818,Recommended,329130,14589091,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Sentinel Sam,"Awesome game super fun, only wish there was a website to post your ships and download other peoples"
76561198103319840,Recommended,329130,14597186,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,budget,"Amazing game with beautiful gameplay! When a game is so much fun this early in its development, you have to get it. The one thing this game lacks at the moment is multiplayer which will hopefully come very soon!"
,Recommended,329130,14639593,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Scion,This game is more addictive than crack I am pretty sureseriously this had this game for 2 days and had put 12 hours into it which is the most I have played anything in a hell of a long time.On the out side it looks simple but play it for a short time and you'll discover how much you were decived at thet first glance.I highly recommend picking this game up though the sheer amount of things on screen may tax older machines
,Recommended,329130,14577356,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,mycale,"Simply awesome. Different Factions to unlock, great building system, immersive universe. I'm having a great time!"
,Recommended,329130,14590048,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Saladly,10/10 killed a giant plant♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198008387355,Recommended,329130,14606179,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,SobicSlaughters,"Took some getting use to.The tutorial does not flesh out all the nuance of the game. Which is nice, but maybe frustrating for some at first.Some not so serious bugs, and the fact that some of the most boring ship designs can be the hardest to beat.Other than those minor quibles, I'm total hooked!10/10 Totally recommend!"
76561198026081304,Recommended,329130,14629321,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Will Dresdon,"Great game, if you like building and improving spaceships and and simple gameplay, don't hesitate and get this game. There's enough variation in the spaceship building blocks and enemies to make you think. You've got to experiment with the various builds and styles of play to get a winning combination. Also, you can design and add ships to your own fleet, adding more strategic combinations of missiles, rays and drones. Great fun and will eat hours of your life.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,329130,14598504,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,trey,• run of the mill gameplay• awesome shipbuilding/fleetbuilding system
,Recommended,329130,14603957,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,locustsucol,"Elaborate AI, spellbinding indy world, powerful ship editor, superior ship testing engine.If this smart game would ever bored me, i would wait it with MMO functionality."
76561198027547542,Recommended,329130,14606256,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Lord Commisar Blyat,"helped me bring down the russian monarchy. idiots thought i was a ""mistic"" when i showed them this.they really liked the flashing colors.thanks indie voyage.rate 10/10"
76561197991201231,Recommended,329130,14614293,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,GaryLaserEyes,its only a 15 dollar addiction
76561198011651779,Recommended,329130,13362352,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,johnwaiter,"Dear Reassembly Game Authors,Yesterday I bought Reassembly in Steam. I have problem with running this game. Reassembly is stopped when I click button ""Launch / Enter"" and it shows screen with word ""Generating"", but the world of game is not generating and music go on normally.I try to run this game on three other computers with Windows 7 32-bit/64-bit.I don't have idea what I can do yet.Best regards,John Waiter"
,Recommended,329130,14043882,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Sky President,"An AMAZING game. Small file, tons of ways to play.One problem though: When capturing a space station that promptly becomes a spawnpoint, you may be killed fairly close to said spawn point. Once respawned, you will find the same asshat AI who killed you barreling through space to do so again and again, staying near your spawn and completely draining your C. Most times there is no way other than sheer luck and speed to outrun the douchepickle who is leaps and bounds ahead of you, but sometimes you are stuck there being vaporized over and over again with one guy floating relatively close to your station, mimicing a twelve year old spawn camping in Call Of Duty.Otherwise it's a great game."
76561197972361802,Recommended,329130,14611697,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,claygiant,"A lot of hours in the last few days into this game.  Basically its a top down shooter that you build bits and pieces if your ship.Its oddly satisfying to cut your opponents ship in half, through an asteroid.. ;)I think there's a lot to offer in the game, though it could use a bit more content, maybe more/different pieces.  Multi player would be killer, even if it was a wild sandbox."
,Recommended,329130,14613670,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Kethull,"Having  a blast, great game.  10hrs so far and I've still got sooo much I want to try."
76561198045052521,Recommended,329130,13277769,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Lt. Cal,"VERY good game, certainly worth the price, i cannot even imagine what more content could be added. extremly unique wepons and utilities make ship building a blast, and then evolving your design. eg: i abandoned banks of railguns in my design of rows upon rows of far cheaper heat seeking missiles, and now i can engange at much longer range and sustain much heavier volumes of fire with a weapon that you start with at level 1.  the balance in this game is wonderful, and the art work is beautiful.the only complaint is a little sharp of a learning curve and very little in the way of help in terms of game mechanics. (e.g no control over buying/selling resources"" other than that, this game should be released already.  wait for a sale if you must, but GET THIS GAME"
76561198032575269,Recommended,329130,13303457,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Banger,Best 2D sandbox spacecraft simulator !! good music too !!  <3 it.
76561198050766476,Recommended,329130,14148839,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,mrm12  csgobig.com csoffer.me,"I'm a simple man, I see a game that looks like a combination of other games I love (FTL, Geometry Wars, And Captain Forever) I once revived a station that ended up spawning other stations and attatching an asteroid to itself, and those stations it had spawned did the same (minus them attatching asteroids to themselves) until it was just a clusterf**k of stations.9.5/10 - Has some kinks in it but still over all a really damn fun game"
76561198054083600,Recommended,329130,13243800,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Rick Sanchez,So much fun I love this I cant wait to see what updates come out for this
,Recommended,329130,17594615,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,ShakeTheSnake,This is a must have.
76561198155872274,Recommended,329130,31071869,Posted: 10 April,all,Amazingfrog,"10/10 would spend 20 hrs again(and probaly will). it a great game about building spaceships and blowing things up. you can make a ship that plows strait through asteroids, or get an OP laser and cut a ship in half. i built a space turtle that lays eggs, has 3 plasma turrets and 8 plasma morters, and is 3800 P."
,Recommended,329130,17791666,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Renzho,"This game is just 2D space-ship lego with lasers, missiles, and drones. But when you customise your ship and try to kill an agent, it would be 3 a.m..10/10 would forget assignment deadline again..."
,Recommended,329130,30123956,Posted: 23 February,all,Zantharan,"If you ever played games onFunorb.comand played Voidhunters, this is the game for you. It is a top down, 2D space game. You pilot a ship through the univese that you build from unlockable components, fighting off multiplle factions with their own unique ship components. when you have built your perfect fleet, you can fly through a worm hole and upload it so that it appears in someone else's game."
76561197966558357,Recommended,329130,29330938,Posted: 17 January,all,sinsro,"The game's selling point is you can build yhour own spaceships from an array of building blocks, such as a shield block, cannon block, command block, thrusters block, hull blocks and so on. It then uses a physics engine to move it about, so you need to balance the vessel well and provide enough sufficiently powered trusters in all directions to be able to move and turn.Weapon firing can be set to autotarget, so in effect you just move slowly around while your cannons destroy anything nearby so you can pick up loot that is needed for upgrades and unlocking new building blocks. Enemies will fire back and destroy your ship block by block, but after a while the blocks auto-generate.You can also build AI controlled ships, based on your own designs. Those ships can in turn build other ships, so you can dominate the galaxy quite soon. Then it is time to enter a black hole for a fresh universe, where you can start over from your current technology level.A challenge with this game is that controlling your ship is cumbersome. Even if you design it well, it will still handle sluggish, and I found myself getting stuck in space debris a lot. So, if you approach the game as an action game, it will be very irritating. Approach it more like a strategy game, and it makes more sense though.Another issue with the game, is it has quite limited scope. Once you unlock all upgrades, there is simply not much to do. You will have no use for the money you collect, and you just aimlessly float around to repeat what you did before over and over. Would be nice with some variation, and perhaps some quests. This makes the game a rather short experience.Overall, it is a fun game with some fresh innovations."
76561198091733856,Recommended,329130,34638825,Posted: 31 August,all,jbec1337,"An incredible game that comes across as simple; but underneath the seemingly plain surface is a very satisfying top-down shooter. The factions are very diverse, and the ability to customize and create to your heart's content is one of the shining attributes that this game has to offer. The movement is fluid and very responsive, and the combat is fast paced and deadly.This incredible game is made so much better due to the active modding community; enjoy this wonderful game. You won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,329130,34686981,Posted: 2 September,all,Novtrox,"If you use logical thinking and combine it with creativity, and likes for strange ideas, then REASSEMBLY is for you."
76561198300274928,Recommended,329130,23013380,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,TheAzetronOverLord,Best game ever. i love playing around and mod like crazy thank you for creating this game.also God created you for a reason because of this game.
,Recommended,329130,16214736,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Shoot Shoot Spagoot,"This game is just too addicting! I can't seem to get enough!Reveiw:This game is basically Space engineers on Steroids. Where you design a ship and die a lot of times ( if you're me) or succeed greatly and gain resources and currency to spend on your upgrades and your ship. The ships are completely buildable and you have a large selection of guns to choose from and use (or abuse) on your ship. The map is randomly generated and people are able to upload there fleet of destroyers to your world in the form of agents. These agents are few in number and provide a challenge when you have made your ship so overpowered to the point where you raze other small ships. You can also hire and build allies, and there isn't much of a penalty for death.11/10 would die 1,000,000 times and kill everything again"
,Recommended,329130,23019681,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,BlueDragonGoddess,This is a great game if you really enjoy sandbox build your own warship type of game. The controls for the piloting of your ship can be very unresponsive at some points. But this game does offer many great features as well. A few of them being a large amounts of mods have been created and are supported for it which add many new features into the game to keep it interesting. Has a bit of stale combat as it can be repetitive but otherwise this is a great game to waste time in.
76561197978184146,Recommended,329130,23046251,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Dr.Budz,"best game to build and explore with . tons of little things going on with out you even knowing . i love it for the art and the fast style . mod support is great . if you like space , and 2d gun ship stuff with the ability to build your own designe . go for it . you wont be dissapointed ."
76561198109281988,Recommended,329130,24304400,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,icanfly342,Absolutely great game!
,Recommended,329130,24244020,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Papa John,Its a good game. I reassembled much.
,Recommended,329130,24356614,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,githburn,"Very addicting game. If dollars spent per hour of fun is any measurement, this game wins over and over. Well made. :)"
76561197992837608,Recommended,329130,16323221,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,jamesdftx,I don't often post reviews for games.You're doing yourself a disservice by not having this jewel in your library.
,Recommended,329130,16216122,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Authentic Bacon,A very addictive build-a-ship game where you start with a small ship and can eventually make a huge ship that makes more ships that make ships that make more ships. The game also has an awesome soundtrack. 10/10 would make a self replicating fleet of death again
,Recommended,329130,16238278,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,The Purple Menace,i love this game to death my first day in i played for nearly 10 hours i already unlocked all the factions and have a pretty buff fleet tho i think maybe there should be a campaign with a storyline for each faction and then a sandbox for your own ideas and then a editor to replace the current snadbox
,Recommended,329130,16249321,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,SpoopZorp,"Tryed to find the meaning of life, wasn't improbable enough.42/42 would Laser again"
76561198027792321,Recommended,329130,16254675,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Leokas,"Where to start-Reassembly is a top down 2D action spaceship building/ combat game. Sadly thats all it is though. This does not mean the game doesnt have some fun in it! You can encounter other players ships and send your fleet out for others to find. You will fly through space collecting resources and fighting other ships. It reminds me alot of first stage of SPORE. Ships out and about everywhere, collecting to power up.... Then some behemoth comes along and kills everyone.Pros-- Easy to use builder. Doesnt take long to build ships.- Decent combat. Sometimes the AI is wonky but all in all good.- Huge areas to explore. Though after a couple times it feels the same.- Neat factions each with their own strengths, except 3. Faction 3 is wet tissue paper hanging on toothpicks. Dont hit a rock too hard or bye bye ship.- Good ship physics. How you build your ship completely affects the way it moves. Only complaint here is the seemingly never ending drift.- General fun gathering. If you like the first stage of the game SPORE you will enjoy this.Cons-- Ship building is somewhat limited. You cant make really huge ships. This is limited by the max 8000P also once they reach a certain size the ether have no speed or no guns.- Combat is decent but thats all there is to the game. Collect, size up, fight.- Agents. I love the fact I find other peoples ships, I dont love that sometimes I run into massive fleet 10 mins in that destroys me so hard space rips a new black hole!!- Some factions are unbalanced. Faction 3 is so soft on the hull that most my deaths came from hitting something too hard. I know it says hard mode but come on now tissue paper is not hull material. Faction 1 and 2 have the most building options. 4 can become really strong really fast. Like cut ships in half kinda strong. After playing all the factions I find 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 left me feeling let down. They didnt have as much to work with as 1 and 2 or were just 1 trick gimmick factions.-Not all factions are playable. While you can mod to make them so, they are incomplete. I would love to see the borg like faction become playable or the plant type.-Nothing but combat. I already mentioned this but it really is the biggest issue. Litterally all you do is collect, size up, fight, repeat. The game needs something.All in all id say 4/5 stars. Sure it has alot of downs but that did not stop me from spending 40 hours surfing the stars. I recommend this to anyone who loved the first level of SPORE. If you liked that you will like this."
,Recommended,329130,16463122,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,VideoGamesSuck,"Haven't played much of it YET, It's weird how i haven't heard of this game until now. The music is easily the best part of this game really helps to draw you in. Visuals are simple yet they do the job and the game looks really nice despite it's simplicity. Gameplay is your average top down space shooter but there's so much going on sometimes it never bugged me. I did pick it up on sale but I do reccomend this game at full price."
,Recommended,329130,30052024,Posted: 19 February,all,IIIStrife,"So, after the time I've spent playing this game, I can say it's definitely fun, but is it fun enough that you'll want to 100% it and get every achievement?Nah. After 63 hours, sure, I've gotten my money's worth, but sadly all spent in each race, and sadly, I no longer am even vaguely interested in it.Don't get me wrong, it's a good game, it's just... not one I can say is a great one. Whether this be due to the Dev's apparent abandonment of this game, I can say this for sure.If you wanna play for 20 hours in an interesting title, then pickit up, but if you want something to play for a LONG time, longer than 63 hours, then don't pick this up.I Still play Quake 1, 2, Doom's every pre-3 version, Creeper Worlds 1-3, Master of Orion 2, and Diablo 1 and 2.Those games are older than this by anywhere between 1 year and 2 decades.You can buy all of them too.If you want modular ships, then go for it, otherwise... Ehhh. It's fun, but it has limitations, such as the whole universe and world not being constantly active, leading you to go to every place to clear it out yourself, rather than do it Sim Ant style, and build a fleet so powerful, that your allies jsut take everything over through sheer attrition.Other limitations include:- A VERY limited Tournament system, only allowing one fleet to engage another person's single fleet. Not one fleet from one save, or faction. One fleet PERIOD. Also you can't manually control ships either in PvP combat, so that's extremely lame.- No Co-op, which this game could badly use on the ""Conquer everything"" achievement, which requires you to have a ship in every quadrant, which.... good luck, there's over 2000 of the things and hte map only updates in proximity of another player, let alone triggers and moves normally. Going fast enough can make it painfully obvious, which is possible to do without any mods btw.- The 8000 Ship size limit is fine, but when you're grinding up to that point (which IS a grind with some factions, with others, it's just plain tedious in every way) the imagination tends to run wild with about a dozen or more ideas that aren't possible without using mods.- Agents (user-submitted fleets controlled by AI only) sometimes don't spawn correctly and you gotta regen your world to get them to spawn correctly. This doesn't stop Agents from killing stations though, since, if Agents fought any of MY stations, none of them would survive, especially with my terran faction that abuses missiles (Hint: Lasers eventually do nothing)- Some weapons are just straight-up overpowered if spammed, whilst other weapons are jsut pretty much useless. Case and Point: Photon Lances, Missiles and Drones are 3 overpowered-when-spammed weapons. Everything literally pales in comparison. Missiles can overpowerd and overwhelm literally everything.- Railguns are useless for the most part, which is sad because Railguns are 50 times more powerful than any lasers, missiles (save for nukes) or fighter/bomber in any amounts irl. Hint: Because Railguns are literally matter shot at the speed of light, or atleast faster than the speed of sound, which is still deadly on that level.- AI doesn't redesign ships to counter your powerful warships, as a result, you can eventually design ships that nothing has an answer for, at which point the game's no longer challenging, which wears out the fun pretty quickly after a point. Case and Point: Terran Ships literally made up of a couple of shield generators, and literally a hundred missile launchers.- You can't stop the game from Auto-pausing without pausing, then unpausing as you immediately tab out. Reason why you'd want to do this: You may have a ship that revolves around puking out space stations for the purpose of just flooding the universe with stations that can also slowly puke out ships on it's own.The game's more or less a 7/10. Good, but not great. Plenty of flaws."
,Recommended,329130,28959570,Posted: 2 January,all,ox13man,"Slowly rolling through the galaxy with your self-replicating, custom designed, fleet of death: 10/10Sending that fleet through a wormhole for someone else to battle: 11/10This game is equal parts Minecraft (sandbox and building blocks), Gratuitous Space Battles (bullets, lasers, and missiles everywhere), and vector space shooter (gravity and coasting).  And it has that satisfying GTA San Andreas-style area control.  There's something very satisfying turning that map your color one square at a time.  You go back a while later and your designs are settling in and making it their own.  Unfortunately, there is one downside, I see a crash every couple hours.  Given all the madness on the screen that's understandable, but frustrating nonetheless.  Fix that and/or making saving a little easier and this game would be even better."
76561198085640192,Recommended,329130,14631622,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Vycky,Ruined my life.10/10 would Reassemble and then ruin it again.
,Recommended,329130,14456017,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Golderberherbt,I would like to say that I am not addicted to this game....But then I would be a liar.
,Recommended,329130,14567609,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,UZI,"7.8/10 too much space. No seriously, fun game, addicting, build the ship of your dreams only to find out its not good enough so you have to keep upgrading. Highly Recommended to everyone."
76561197970397064,Recommended,329130,14567467,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Radeh,"LIKE CRACK!! Buy it :DIf you like Kerbal Space Program, there's a 99.9% chance you'll like this one too."
76561198031999394,Recommended,329130,14565678,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Summerstorm,Marvelously fun game. The AI is solid and there are hours of fun to be had.
76561198069734969,Recommended,329130,14473275,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Dynal,"I took over the galaxy with my faction of♥♥♥♥♥♥shaped ships,Then I played this game and it was good11/10"
,Recommended,329130,13150347,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Street Preacher,OMG so much goodness in this.  Hard to even classify.  Sucked me in for HOURS just trying it out...
76561198035096402,Recommended,329130,16453272,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,CKG Hydra,"Incredible game!!!!!if you love space and love building spaceships, than this is the game for you! :D 14/10"
,Recommended,329130,16450864,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,mdkp,Should you buy this game?  Absolutely.  I played it for four hours straight after buying it.
76561198039885706,Recommended,329130,23264301,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,KrisNickVinB,It's and interesting building game with really cool special effects and mechanics to it
76561198080805910,Recommended,329130,21621847,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,☆ U S S R ☆,Best Game Ever
,Recommended,329130,14709826,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Libertygeek,"Very interesting game. I picked it up on the recommendation of a Steam friend of mine who has similar taste in games.   I wasn't sure what to expect but I can say the game is addicting.  I started it up with the intention of playing for 5-10 minutes just to see what it was like and the next thing I know it was three hours later.Graphically the game has style, though it is somewhat hard to tell from the screenshots that I have seen.  I personally like the vector graphic look and reminds me of Asteroids which I played the heck out of in my younger years.  The game is a bit hard to get into and I am sure I am going to have to watch a number of vidoes to understand all the concepts but it is easy enough to play with and pick up enough to enjoy.This is one of those games that you just have to play for ourself to see how addictive it is.10/10"
,Recommended,329130,28278550,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,<N0hva/>,"Amazing game, Im already puting tons of hours into this, but the it does need co-op so I can play with some friends! Thats the only downside."
,Recommended,329130,25672606,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Nep nep,Ok so i guess ill tell you it.I DEFINNETLY RECOMMEND ITYOu can play this hours straight and not get boredand when we add mods..lets just say...stuff never ends :D
76561198020311902,Recommended,329130,26593406,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Stryker,Arthur cut your hair man. Fun game
,Recommended,329130,14644664,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,ColonelBlack#2769 - Destiny 2,"Great sandbox. Do what you want, how you want. No limitations.. Expect to die a lot, but that's part of the game as you grow and develop your ship. Price tag is a bit higher than I had hoped, but still a great game.Multiplayer would be a great feature."
76561198067645429,Recommended,329130,19681287,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,TrishaZeOwl,"This game is just terrific. The Exporation as awesome and the ship building is fantastic. There are a few things I would wish would be put in the game. The ability to create stations and even colonies. That there was an economy and the ability to great allies amoung factions. Also, unit creation could use a tweek, like I can order different crafts in different tiered stations and space ports. Besides that, great game!"
76561198008103529,Recommended,329130,21207928,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,p0d,"I don't often find a game that I can't put down - but this is one. Now officially my favorite chill-out game. It's a strategy game set in a rich living world. Design your ship from scratch using basic building blocks. Pilot it round a large area of space using Newtonian physics - i.e. you carry on moving in the same direction once you have built up speed, without further thrust, and regardless of the direction you are pointing. The game uses a wrap-around map. Harvest resources, trade them to improve your spacecraft. Fight enemies and try to take space sectors from other factions. Recruit allies and form a fleet. Put a factory on your ship and spawn new ships. Travel to other maps using ""wormholes"". Fight other players' uploaded fleets (not true multiplayer but a contest of designs). You can also use the wormholes to upload your own fleet designs. Unlock new factions to play.You could make it a fast and furious battle or a leisurely affair - up to you. I'm 9 hours in and feel I'm only just beginning to scratch the surface. A real indie masterpiece and a credit to the developers."
76561198074847184,Recommended,329130,29443626,Posted: 23 January,all,sometimesentient,Built the Rebel Flagship from FTL. Any game I can freely do that is a good game. Ten out of ♥♥♥♥ing ten.
76561198040172953,Recommended,329130,32092708,Posted: 31 May,all,HippyJodorowsky,"A great little game that I plan to play a lot more of. It's simple fun and great in short, sweet bursts."
76561198046791573,Recommended,329130,17593299,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Snipes,"At first glance this game might look like a FTL look alike, and it sorta is (depending on how you think about it yourself). The tutorial is fine, the achievements are simple, and there are trading cards and workshop DLC. What's not to like about that? There are unlimited possiblities to your ships, and more forgiving deaths, and ""Trial-And-Error""s. The soundtrack is quite nice, adding a calming tone to the mood. Though, I could reference a lot of this game to Bubble Tanks. There's almost an endless amount of space (har har because it's set in space) to move around in and tons of ""factions"" to spar with. And there are these other enemies that are called ""Agents"". And let me just tell you before you think about your plan- They do not come alone, they're hostile, and will chase you down. However, it's the only way to unlock another faction. And no faction is the same! This game will make you think and strategize about your next move. I have to say, for a game this simple, I think the money was worth it. Definitely recommended."
76561197989620196,Recommended,329130,28990610,Posted: 3 January,all,Ikkemcwood,Great game
,Recommended,329130,28781588,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Melchior,"Buy this game. This is easily one of the most immediately enjoyable titles in my Steam Library. Over the 10 hours I have played Reassembly so far, it has brought me more joy and excitment than Skyrim, Fallout 4, and the Saints Row series combined. For a game that is essentially a customizable version of Asteroids, this title births a spectacular amount of content at every turn. Depending on how you choose to play, it can be a bullet hell shooter, a top-down sandbox survival, or  a space fairing cross between Terraria and an RTS. The mercifully laissez faire ship customization means that it only takes a matter of hours to get to a point where you can build your ideal spacecraft, shred a section of the star system, jump through a worm hole, and scrap your initial design to take on new, more powerful enemies. The opportunities for customization only multiply as you unlock new factions, each with their own unique powers and challenges.All of this beng said, the game isn't without a few technical flaws, the main issues involving communication between local save data and the Steam Cloud. Though it is totally possible to save all progress on your personal computer, after a successful initial run, I have found it completely impossible to start the game through Steam or get it to synchronize with subscribed workshop content...not that the game needs any of that, frankly. However, the issue stands as a glaring flaw in an otherwise wonderful game."
,Recommended,329130,17467858,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Trihorn,"Definitely the best spaceship building game, survival of the fittest and I recommend it if you like spaceships :)Also.....News: Reassembly now supports modsMe: Really?? Lets see how to use modsReassembly: Change Reassembly to Beta to use ModsMe: Ok.... How to change to Beta.... ( Looks for a guide for that )After changing to Reassembly Beta.... Goes into the Workshop....Me: Holy sh*t thers some good mods lets try make my own.....Goes into Reassembly sandbox.....Me: now how das one do coding :/Screw it I can't do coding lets just play with the mods now.... Subscibing and playing them.... Enjoy"
76561198082622857,Not Recommended,329130,24719593,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,narmophin,"I haven't played this game in a while, and I probably won't any time soon. For the most part, I've gotten everything there is out of this game. For $15.00, this game is decent value. If ever it is on sale, snatch it up! Then it's definitely worth the money.When you first start out, this game is great. Lots of things to test and explore. The real problem comes later in game when you have some experience and you've played with all of the blocks/weapons/mechanics. Then the game begins to turn stale--and that's why I probably won't play it anytime soon.I definitely encourage people to check it out, though. It's pretty cool, for what it is. Like all the ""professional"" reviews discuss, this game harkens back to legos and all the nostalgic dreams attached thereon.Hopefully the dev is still out there, still thinking about Reassembly. Maybe he has a secret Reassembly 2.0 bubbling away. I hope so.If there was a ""Maybe"" button, I would click that. This is certainly a Good Negative or a Bad Positive."
,Recommended,329130,14150217,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,19FeeT,These ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥holes think they can make this crash when i have already put 60 hours into this plethera of fun and get away with it? You bet your sweet candy glaze sugar plump♥♥♥♥♥they can because they already took your $30 and put it into this particle conglaboration of extasy. 11/11 would put in 60 hours to crash again.
76561198091869894,Recommended,329130,13503450,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,oneshotvish,"To be honest  , I first thought this game is not worth the 30 dollar price tag , but after playing for a while i  understand why slot of people like this .this so much fun to play , but needs for content and needs mulitiplayer"
,Recommended,329130,14657152,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,mmmmk2 (Adam),"I don't write many reviews, but when I do I like to write them for games I like. This is one of those special games that I will take the time out of my day to write a few words about.First: off I love how there are three different control schemes for the game, you don't realize how important this is untill you try all three. It is exceedingly useful because not all ships will work with one control set up.Second: it's an interesting idea to have the universe populated with other players ships. It makes the game fresh. There are some problems with this system, for instance if you make a really weak ship and it is put into someone else's game it's pointless, but for the most part it's good.Third: the building system, now this system has some major problems, mainly because I have not used it enough to completely understand the logic behind it. I will try to explain the good things it does and the problems it has. It functions like the builder in banjo and kazooie nuts and bolts the difference is it's two dimensional and you have a keyboard and mouse so it isn't frustrating to manipulate It for the most part its balanced, I think it would help if the basic blocks had a cost, for instance I made a cube with the faction you start with and though it's slow it is almost unbeatable because it has so much armor. This could be fixed if the basic parts had a low cost, maybe raise the cap to 10k and make the prices on the other parts higher so it evens out. The biggest problem with the building system is the blocks have to be exactly aligned for them to snap together, basically imagine legos but the pegs are the sizes of needles and you are making giant ships. This ends up with blocks that are a few pixels off of being perfect, this bugs me to death, it's probably the biggest problem with this game.Fourth: The plant faction is too op, it is too easy to make a swarm of ships and to overrun any opponent you may have.Fifth: Another amazing thing this game does well is the different factions have different base blocks, for instance there is a faction that is focused on triangles, this forces you to build intelligently.There are many more things in this game that are worth a mention but if you made it to this point I will sum up my opinion on this game with, a resounding recommendation. All though it has it's problems the game as a whole is fun and for 15$ there is almost no reason not to buy it, I have played almost thirty hours of it at the point of writing this reviews, thats fifty cents and hour I have bought triple a games that are less enjoyable than this( looking at you tomb raider, Shadow of mordor, farcry 4, and many others)."
76561197993321894,Recommended,329130,14661057,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Burning Sensation,"I think I actually really get into one out of 5 or 6 games that I buy so I am pretty picky.  This game is my new addiction for sure.1)  The ship building experience is easy.  Think Visio, only you get to go out and blow stuff up with what you draw instead of present to boring people with it.  It is such an intuitive experience building your ship.  I spent an hour or two builing before blowing stuff up.  And the detail in how you have to think of your ship is great to, you have to place your thrusters to ensure you can turn well... totally fun.2) blowing stuff up is great.  The game plays well and you can start playing but you keep getting better.The game that really keep you into them are the ones that are fun right away but have the depth to keep you coming back to learn more, this game has it."
,Recommended,329130,14603963,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,nixx0r,"tl;dr Spore meets SubSpace (aka Continuum), 8/10. Remember SubSpace? Need I say more? I do? Okay.As others have said, this game is extremely addictive. In a good way. The ship editor in itself is hours of lego-style building fun, but add to that a really immersive single-player world with player-made ships and you have a game that is both simple and compelling at the same time.Definitely worth the money, tons of replayability. Summarizing my experience as follows:Pros:- Great physics / destructable levels, and combat is super fun.- Awesome soundtrack.- World is huge but not infinite. That's a good thing for a space game.- Building ships is surprisingly fun. I'm not usually the type to want to buy a game then spend hours in an editor customizing things. The editor is very featureful and forgiving (undo, redo, copy paste), unlike many other in-game editors out there.- Sending your ship into a wormhole uploads your fleet into the ether so they can be run in other player games as the bad guys, Spore-style! In other words, tons of player-made content.- If you get sick of your world, fly into a wormhole and explore a parallel dimension instead.Cons:- Controls are a little quirky, especially on gamepads. Don't use a gamepad. Occasionally you'll find yourself slamming into an asteroid and getting completely stuck because the ""fly backwards"" key gets completely rotated and you and up flying into the asteroid and flailing around until you're killed by a passing enemy.- Ship editor is missing a MANUAL test flight option to get a sense of the maneuverability of the ship you spent an hour making.- Ship editor is missing important info about total mass / total thrust / total energy created which could help to approximate the above stuff. Only total resource capacity is listed-- everything else you have to calculate yourself.- NO MULTIPLAYER! The player-made content is fun in SP, but a game like this just begs for multiplayer.- Once you've maxed out points, Actual gameplay is 1-dimensional. Mostly consists of flying around and shooting everything you see-- or if you're like me and setup auto-fire, it's just flying around and letting the ship shoot everything for you. You can explore to find new bases, but that doesn't really give you anything.On the last two points, I wonder if I'm just misunderstanding some of the game dynamics, but it seems like unlocking bases is just there to occupy your time. I also don't really know if you can ever wipe out another faction. It would be great if:- You could watch bases expand over time, including size and number of ships, so you actually have more allies flying around. Ditto for enemies that go unchecked.- You could actually attack enemy bases and eventually wipe out factions. It would be awesome if each faction actually had a stronghold base you have to kill in order to wipe out an enemy.- There were new factions added over time, including to existing regions. Maybe I haven't played for long enough, but it seems like the same factions just exist in perpetuity.There it is. Lots of cons because the pros seem obvious to me. It's damn fun! It could be even better if the above things were addressed."
,Recommended,329130,14642248,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Cornichonchon,I only play a few hours... But it sounds very good! I love the graphics and the gameplay!
,Recommended,329130,14639939,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Gifmekill,Fite me and my 8000P horribly built ship!
,Recommended,329130,14645580,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,chaotea,"Reassembly is a fantastic game. In practice its very much a twin-stick-shooter, though it retains a surprising amount of depth for a game which is so simple at its heart.There are many things that make this game great, but to simplify things for this small review, and to add information to anyone on the fence on weather to buy it or not, i will put these points into separate short sections.1) Ship Building.The core mechanic of the game, building your ship is both rewarding and a time sink. When building the largest ship in my fleet, i spent 40min before i was satisfied with the end result. But when i was satisfied, i was very satisfied. I glowed with pride as i flew my behemoth through space.The fun doesn't stop there. The ship is made up of lots of different parts, as you can see from the imagery. At first you would be forgiven for assuming that this is simply a method of allowing design flexibility. While this holds true, it opens up an interesting mechanic. You see, every part of the ship is a separate entity. A finished ship is less a single unit, and more a collection of blocks stuck together. In practice this means that slapping hull plating to your ship doesn't simply increase health, but creates an armored point wherever you placed it. Weapons have less health, so placing them in your ship created areas of vulnerability. If you gun is destroyed, you cant fire. If your jets are destroyed you cant move. This means that the layout of your ship is as important as what you put in.Equally, your jet engines work as individual units, rather than just giving your ship '+movement speed'. So, if you don't have any jets placed at an angle, you cant turn. If you have no jets on your sides, you cant strafe. No jets facing forwards means you cant reverse. In this same vein, the more boosters you have, the faster you move.All these points turn ship building into a sort of puzzle game. Though one in which the answer is what your preferred gameplay style is.2) Combat.While general space exploration is a big part of the game, combat is the fly in the soup of game mechanics here. (Not in a bad way, as everyone will want one). Combat is simple as it is deep. At its heart, you pick your target, align guns, and fire till dead. But on a deeper level there's alot which goes into combat. Every ship has a 'core'. This is your command bridge, your heart. When this goes, you die. Until it goes, you will regenerate parts slowly. So when approaching an enemy you look for the quickest way to take out this heart. With the variety of ships on offer, this never gets old.3) Pacing.The game is fantastically paced. Tutorials are done on the fly, so you learn by playing. At the start, you have a small ship. You gain resources by exploring, with small dogfights along the way. You use these resources to improve, and eventually you have a medium ship. Now you start fighting abit more and getting a better income from doing so, whilst supplementing you income with exploration. Then you get a big ship. Now exploration becomes the back seat. Combat is your bread and butter. You fight and fight. After abit, you enter the forth stage of progression. You may have dabbled, but until now you've been focused of improving yourself. Now you build a fleet. Soon your at the heart of a 30 ship strong armada, and fights take on a whole new focus.The fantastic thing about this formula of progression is with the unlocks. There are alot of races (8?). You start with only 1. To unlock others you must locate and destroy a ship worth 1000 points (you start with around 300 and grow to 8000 so i found i was doing this around the second / third stage). Each race has some unique items and generally some sort of separate theme to its shared items. This allows great re-playability.---------------------------So, the review summery. This is a great game. Part Space exploration, part space combat, part lego. I'd advise this to alot of people, as there is something for everybody. In particular i'd point people to it who enjoy games with creation elements, such as Spore. If creation isnt your thing, but you like space combat sims, i would still advise this game. The races come with pre-made ships, and the game has the ability to export ships as code. So you can always trawl forums to locate ships.I highly recommend this game."
76561198065480811,Recommended,329130,14643666,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Merciless Feeder,"I have been waiting for someone to make this game for about 5 years. Exactly what I was expecting. It is a beautiful masterpiece. Worth every penny, second, and test grade that I have lost to it.while(1){x++;} / 10"
,Recommended,329130,14646923,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Norg,"Crashes every 20 min or so for me, not sure whats up, fun though"
76561198056253064,Recommended,329130,14657470,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,TRITIUMNITR0X,"Props to the developer.Reassembly is a well-put together, astonishingly beautiful game in it's simplicity. It's music is calming, the gameplay is smooth (aside from the problems -list to follow), and it's very interesting in the way that the factions each have their own preferred ship pieces. Command Mode is very interesting, and I would love to see an ability to command ships and assign Generals who Command their ships under your order. As well, the ability to force all currently active ships to change to the ship you want, and the ability to force all your Stations to spawn your preferred ships (because flying to each ship/station to edit them individually is impossible), would be great.However, aside from the positive, Reassembly suffers from a few issues that are not just annoying, but are also game-breaking. They aren't too common to come across, but you will find them at some point.These problems are:1) Losing an entire fleet, which you've spent hours building up, in an instant. This needs to be changed. Reassmbly shouldn't just be about grinding for R (Resources), it should be about building fleets and going into enemy territory to conquer them.2) Conquering fleets is great, but what of conquering sectors of space? Hours have been spent flying through a sector and murdering countless fleets only to then have realized that that single sector is still not conquered.3) A.I.'s spawn kill users, especially if there are enough powerful enemy ships around. We are not given a buffer time to escape from numerous enemies lingering all over the Stations (when we're spawned in, they just annihilate us in seconds). This problem is infuriating, especially after just Starting up the game from a save and 10 enemies are literally sitting there, waiting for the user. A way to fix this issue (if not to give the user a buffer time) would be to check for the time in which it took for a player to get murdered after their last death, and if it's a very short period of time between deaths, the player should be spawned at a Station a few clicks away.If you play the game for long enough, you'll experience these issues and side with my opinion that the game needs these fixes as soon as possible.But again, this game is amazing. I would definately recommend it!"
,Recommended,329130,14657768,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,WhiskyRob,Lego Spaceships
,Recommended,329130,33500831,Posted: 13 July,all,AVOCADO PHASE,"For someone the likes of me, the concept of building your own shenanigan and pitting it up against other contraptions has always been fascinating to me. Seeing who comes out on top, your ♥♥♥♥ing box, or the other guy's weaponized♥♥♥♥♥♥♥with missile spam sprouting from the tip. To your surmise, the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥won.Reassembly conforms to a style of a top-down spaceship shooter. Controlling your own manufactured ship, your ""goal"" (though indirectly implied) is to dominate every sector on the map by removing the inhabitants that subside in said sectors. Attempting to dominate every sector can be met with an implication of meeting that inevitable doom ship that you don't have a chance against.//-FactionsThere are 17 total factions in the game, but only 7, by default, are playable. Each faction is unique in their own ways, particularly design, weapon versatility, and how well they fend for themselves. Most notable feature they carry is what they specialize in, a faction might hold the title of being the most balanced faction, while others hold the title of owning the most powerful weapon arsenal, but at the cost of lower defenses. It all comes down to the preference of the player.//-AgentsAgents hold a synonymous definition of player-made ships. They occur when a player travels through a wormhole, in which they have the decision to stay or leave to a newly birthed location. Upon leaving their current world, their fleet (along with their ship designs) are uploaded and randomly placed through other player's worlds. In the form of a large fleet, Agents are forces to be reckoned with as their design holds true to a lethal mind of a human player: ship design ingenuity.Okay, the last part is an exaggeration, but they typically have better designed ships than NPC's//-ProgressionThere's not really much to hold when on the topic of progression for this game. It's made simply through three easy mechanics.1) Killing enemies to gainresources2) Return resources to a ship/station with a factory installed, so you can trade resources forcurrency.3) Purchase ship parts to your liking.It's simple, but obliterating ships for resources is fun anyway.//-Steam Workshop SupportUnfortunately the game doesn't hold a tremendous amount of following to really accommodate for the Steam Workshop. The game can be modded to a certain extent by bringing in new factions, a modified world (either bigger or more content placed), graphical enhancers, etc.Though initially excited for the idea of bringing in new factions built by players, it can only go so far. If you're playing with a custom faction, attempting to enter a wormhole will prompt you with an error message exclaiming that you don't have a fleet, or that your fleet couldn't be uploaded to the server because your custom faction isn't officially in the game. It is where I realized that I've met the limitations of the Steam Workshop Support and with a frown expression, I leave it to that (from the time of this review, the game has been presumably left alone and will no longer receive developer updates [Last update given was November 10, 2016]).But hey, what's not to love about this game. It's like revisiting your old childhood memories when you played with your Legos. It's fun putting your ideas into reality (in the form of a videogame). Stepping on a Lego is just like meeting that gigantic enemy ship, add in a swarm of missiles, a few lasers, and a deathray. It's all fun in the end, right?Go build some♥♥♥♥♥♥ or ship."
76561198196159251,Recommended,329130,26043907,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,DoomChicken,"Amazing game, especially to just chill around. Best indie game I've played in quite a while.Completly underated game sadly."
76561198103188739,Recommended,329130,33758021,Posted: 23 July,all,║²¿»♥TerraRia♥«?³║,Go my minions! We shall take over the whole galaxy!
,Recommended,329130,25951732,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,TheNekoGod,good game
,Recommended,329130,14629224,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Baulmada,"This game has been a pleasent surprise. Noticed only a couple small bugs so far. Half the time I'm just plotting my next ship or a counter to something that tore my last idea in half. Needs more factions and less skating on ice feeling when flying. Otherwise definately worth it.Pros:~ Easy to learn controls and UI~ Game mechanics/speed is more or less controlled by the player~ Different factions with different building materials offer a different feel.~ Custom colors, I hate when you have to look a certain way.~ So many different ways to build your fleet! I felt like a kid again watching my legos come alive haha.Things I wanted to mention that aren't so positive:~ Ive noticed some of the stations don't build themselves after capturing the node. They sit idle until I edit them, after I edit they will grow and start to function.~ I mentioned the feeling of skating on ice. even with well placed thrusters its still hard to control your ship.~ In ine point of the tutorial the game asks you to build a ship with a ship with a factory and then have that ship produce another to complete the cycle to grow your fleet. I love this idea but after you've made the first one spawn they dont really expand they all kinda stay in the same spot :*( I gave them thrusters to move! go kill stuff! Anyways.8/10 Great fun."
76561198257534951,Recommended,329130,29284845,Posted: 15 January,all,liam.j.d.zone,"I would recommend this to anyone who likes space... thogh the physics are not exact.For those who want to test the games limits, you can install mods to mix up your experienceI would really reccomend this."
,Recommended,329130,23850270,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Business Socks,This game is RAD.
76561198037227781,Not Recommended,329130,31128925,Posted: 13 April,all,enthnal,"Took me less than 4 hours to be able to build at max P. My remaining time I did all but one of the other races. Can't say this is a bad game... but there really isn't a lot to do and it's just not worth the $15. The game just doesn't feel like it has a lot of depth to it. Tech trees, research for stat or new weapons... I dunno something to make getting to the max P longer that is fun versus a grind?Overall review = Boring and the cost was little too high for the current content in game."
76561198097006431,Recommended,329130,14555205,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,normanator1717,"super super super cool little game. its simple, you make a ship, you kill ships, you make yours bigger. then you do it all again."
76561198217182092,Recommended,329130,23115621,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,roltenpk,how do i get OpenGL?the game looks awesome!
76561198203330430,Recommended,329130,23140093,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,bananaland02,I bought this game full price at the request of a friend and I have absolutly no regrets. This is an amazing game. A multiplayer mode would be nice.
76561198113607581,Recommended,329130,23147150,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,GEARHEAD24,This is by far the best game i have in my account. Thanks you sooooooooooooo much devs for making this masterpeice
76561198000914086,Recommended,329130,23090458,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,STE4Msucker,Like it!
,Recommended,329130,23109274,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Flywheel,Fantastic build and shoot space game.
,Recommended,329130,24267119,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Sirrockyqo,"This review will be a story, of how I became a Nazi.In the beginning, I choose green and gray as my colors. They were distinct enough from my surroundings. I was eager to begin playing, and set off to learn the controls, build better ships, understand the game, and conquer more land! I was quickly able to beat back weaker factions, and help my faction grow to a decent size.An economic boom occured, as stations sprung in high density around a resource rich field of asteroids, just down of my starting area. My ships were still hardly better than my neighbors, who stood very close and inbetween my land. I had to push them further.Eventually, I would overcome them. Continuing to push the remaining factions further away, I noticed something. A red blip, was headed straight for my territory. They were tough for a single weak ship, but I brought more and waited for them. They came, and I wiped the floor! But, another comes, and was easily defeated as the ships were inferior. I continued to push out rivals, and explore new lands.However, nothing could prepare me for what would arrive next. A fleet, with a captain who I shall refer to as bent. Bent had brought very special ships. It was far more advanced than what I had come up with. His ships were a horrid blue and white. The majority of the fleet spawned drones, however one ship design would utterly bring me to my knees. Master, that's the name of it. With a factory lodged in it's center, and several drone spawners, it would prove to be my ultimate quest to destroy.Bent's fleet had cut across my territories, in a sparsely populated region. They quickly defeated all ships, and stations in the area, but they could not cut through the denser areas. I went in, time and time again, capturing derelict stations in a grind that would eventually help me fund a better ship. Even after I built it, it was still no match for the swarms of drones. I then attempted to develop my own spawner. Capable of launching thirty drones at once, it helped me slowly push back Bent's remaining forces.I had now established myself, as a force to be reckoned with. The old neighbors I had forgotten about, became weak. Then, while designing a ship tto hunt down the remaining Masters, I had an inspiration, to create a style. I quickly switched my colors to Gold, and white. I redesigned my entire fleet with wing-like designs, and I gave my fleet the moniker, Imperial Navy.Since then, I've spent my time eliminating more invaders, and destroying the last of the Masters, An almost futile effort, considering the trail they left. But I have the greatest fleet to ever sail the deep space."
,Recommended,329130,24321245,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,PistolRcks,"If you like Captain Forever, top-down shooters or the flash game series Bubble Tanks, then this is the game for you. With mod support and the ability to create your own ships, this game will last you a long time. Also, if you have a potato for a computer, you can probably run this at a fairly decent framerate. Intel HD Graphics will even get you a solid 60 on high settings.Did I mention the soundtrack is relaxing? Buy it.10/10 would destroy a faction again"
76561198052674173,Recommended,329130,24296600,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,SkyeRise,"I just played the game for about an hour and like it. I will probably keep going back to it and tinker with ship parts and upgrades and all the features, but so far it wasn't a bad buy. 15€ is a bit much for this kind of game though, so you might want to wait for a sale, but there are also plenty of so-called triple A titles that would be far less worth their money. Definitely a cool concept and a very decent game."
,Recommended,329130,16300970,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Kingcop9,"this game is a grind, agents designs take hours to defeat but put that aside the game as a whole is a beautiful concept when you have progressed about half an hour"
,Recommended,329130,16375847,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Fish,"If you like construction and customization, building a fleet of ships, leading your fleet into huge battles with other players' fleets for the sake of expanding your galactic empire, buy this game.Don't let the 2d vector graphics throw you off. Reassembly is a relaxing game with a great soundtrack, infinite creativity, and great battles.Several different factions, all with a different selection of weapons and hull blocks, gives much more replayability and keeps the gameplay from getting repetetive. The real fun is the ship building, though. Test your ships in simulated battles against other players' designs, and then use them in the game.Basically if you ever dreamed of building and commanding a fleet of spaceships, you will love this game."
76561198017246905,Recommended,329130,19691263,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,aK,"Decent Game. I love the idea. The building and the concept.Sadly after you unlock everything the game gets stale very fast. There is nothing really to do at the end of the day. There is no goals or objective. Other than Agents that do not respawn, factions do not attack you and everything that is not in your area is inactive and dormant.I don't think it was worth 15 bucks, but because i love this concept i hope the dev uses my money to make an even better sequal that has more depth and content.Thanks."
76561198175692591,Recommended,329130,34569270,Posted: 28 August,all,GhostDwarfs,"this is a really cool game, and good replayability good game"
,Recommended,329130,14641979,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Stygian Zinogre 🐲,"For anyone having trouble, I have but two words:Moar Dakka."
76561198130500914,Recommended,329130,30133630,Posted: 23 February,all,Infinity,1.Spawn as small peace of sh..t 2.then kill some smaller bi..es .. 3.Rule the galaxy
76561198097242570,Not Recommended,329130,20885802,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Appeeling Banana,"Honestly, this is my first review. I have to say, I really like this game. There are somethings that could be done, like more content.There is just a lot of things in certian faction where as others, they're really empty. I spent my first session on this game, and completed it within 12hours(hit the cap and conqured the map (once) and got allraces). That's one sitting. (on weekend) I really wish some more things were added to it, mods filled the rest but it's just grinding and doing the same things over again. I built a fleet to the size of 700+ ships. NOTHING STANDS IN YOUR WAY. I'm talking cheap small ships though, like 42-45p. The 8000P Cap is dis-tasteful. Although I got a mod to increase the maxium amount of P. It feels dead. There is nothing striving me forward. Usually, when I play games were you reach an extent of 'stability' in a game, I would decide to expand and make things more efficient, bigger, better than they're suppose to be in the first place. (like an ever growing population) This game is diffrent. You have to Build a ship, and get stations, and farm resources. That aside, I really loved this game with building, customizing, there is alot of freedom to it that I enjoy. One things I found a very easy way to exploit was to just put all my weapons on Point Defense. No need for me too actually use my guns myself. Another thing I hated was the weapons, there wasn't any speacialization or limitations with what I could stick on my ship as long as it could fit with the P limitation it was fine. I am happy with the factions we have, I don't think neccesarily we need more. A storyline would be nice, I just go around shooting everything instead of expanding with friendlies, making alliances, trading, capital ships. I wish this game was a lot more than it is now. One more thing I like to add is the AI, the AI doesn't know how to do anything. All my weapons carve straight to their core after they decide to 'rush' me.PROS:*Great Community*Great Mods*Great custimization and build*Great PotentialCONS:*Lacks content and variation*Limitation in P*LACKS*** Challenging Enemies  <-- sorry typo. ^-^*Once you hit endgame, nothing can touch you.*AI Lacks5.745/10"
,Not Recommended,329130,33957388,Posted: 1 August,all,Eclipse,"The game is good. Its a relaxing top down sci-fi exploration/military game. Its a good time consumer, but that isn't why im giving it a negative review.Let me just say this fair and square; the game is dead. The last update hasn't been since Nov 2016, and it needs another one right now. The game plays for about 5 minutes until it crashes. The only thing keeping the game 'alive' is the modding community, but that is dieing too."
76561197970699211,Not Recommended,329130,34061843,Posted: 6 August,all,Battle Bunny,"A fun game which lets you muck about with space ships. Unfortunatly the dev seems to have abondoned the game, and won't be fixing the plethora of remaining bugs (crashes, ship designs becoming corrupt) or adding much needed quality-of-life improvements.If you want a game like this, get Boss Constructor.(Note: I've left the game running for a few hours a few times, played less than Steam says)"
,Not Recommended,329130,18011777,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Diamond Dash,"TL;DR: Buy on a sale.I've had fun with this. I really have. For the first.. 8 hours. The game is great.After that. it has been falling off. A lot.I can't really reccommend this. It isn't ""fun"" for me.But it is relaxing. not much fustration. just go through the motions and explore.No real goals or anything. There is an end point where the faction you're in can't expand any more due to ship size restrictions.It does what the developer set out to do, but that is it.not a bad game.. just not really fun either."
76561197997628365,Recommended,329130,23349102,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,War Sheep,Just buy it allready
76561198180932138,Recommended,329130,15284899,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,the boss tank,this gggggggggggggggggggggggggaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmme eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee is geat
76561198241435830,Recommended,329130,28228577,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Star~Verse,This game is good because you can make fleets of your own dumb weak ships to make infinitly or big strong ships to have to farm for resorces to make or square ships that are tanks or the uneven not semetrical ships that fly weird this game is infinite with steam workshop the onlydownside is there are not as many great mods and the game can only handle a certain amount of mods like fleet mods at a time or they wont load in but it is fun to find a op mod to mess with or a mod for making builds or maby just doing it retro regular and building a army and sending it to the data of fleets to apear as agents this game is a good game i recomend it to the creative minds and the people who have time to make this game more popular make the creators want to do more ideas more cool stuff more updates making your fleet accidently be deleted xD more amazing content is on its way to the people who play and the more who play makes the creator want to do more and the more they have and get to help the more we get the more we get the more they get and so on and so forth help this game grow help grow a fleet of reassembling ships of the developers we can assemble a army they can assemble possibly a bigger team and that helps them make more content and give us more ways to give ideas and help
76561198018304407,Recommended,329130,24447885,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Kick,>play as red faction>build ship>part of a plant glitches into my ship and gets to my core>gets killed10/10 red faction best faction
,Recommended,329130,14651435,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,ASHarwood,"very fun game.  Lots of creativity and ships that you can make.  I love that the ships you make are used on other people's maps and that other people's ships are seen in my maps.  Some of them are awefully hard to face against. It's a whole lot of fun designing and flying ships that you have made.  Buy it, you won't regret it."
76561198086111039,Recommended,329130,33707362,Posted: 21 July,all,Turkey Sandwich,Great game
,Recommended,329130,14685957,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Vinrafel,"I enjoyed this game. It has it's limits, but is definitely fun.Video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5dDObkYTzJE&list=UURPe3hzgc7y8NTczf8AffDgWhat is it?Reassembly is a ship building game. Your goal is to design the most effective warship and conquer the sector. Of course, you're not alone here. There are factions that control territory in the sector. You belong to one faction and most others are hostile, although there are a couple neutral factions.Gamplay consists of designing your vessel using preset parts. In the beginning of the game, you'll most likely spend your time gathering rescources that are generated by the local fauna and bringing it back to your factions stations. You will exchange the rescources for credits that allow you to purchase new ship parts and also alow you to build a bigger ship. Later, you'll likely build a warship capable of using the resources you collect to build your own fleet and wreak havoc on the opposing factions.Your faction will grow and expand out into the sector and become stronger and you design ships to be put into your fleet. Once your done with one sector, you can enter a wormhole and enter a whole new sector.Pros:-The ship building system is simple and easy to use. Putting together a ship is as simple as a drag and drop experience.-The graphics look amazing. Despite being simple polygon graphics, they really are captivating. The light show that a large battle creates is quite a sight to see.-You have choice about what you will do. You can choose to be anything form a simple harvester to a fearsome dreadnaught.-Competition within your own faction. As you bring back rescources, your station builds ships. These ships then go out in search of rescources. This will force you farther and farther from the safety of your station. I find that interesting.Cons:-Despite what the devs may say, there kind of is one way to build a good ship. The armor plating pieces do not count towards the size of your ship. The best way to build a good battleship is to slap on as much armor as you can.-There is no interaction with the factions. There are no quests, no diplomacy, and no alliances. The only path to victory is conquest.-Grinding. In order to build a large ship, you will have to harvest a lot of rescources. If you don't build a big ship, you will always dies. Put two and two together.Really, this game boils down to trying to build the most powerful ship. That's enjoyable, and the exploration (at least before you've seen everything there is to see) can  be quite interesting. I doubt that I'll play this game far into the future, or that (in this current state) it will remain a big thing for long. However, it is still a good game and I've definitely enjoyed playing it."
,Recommended,329130,30215017,Posted: 26 February,all,Not Robert Lawlers,"I finally made the flying space ♥♥♥♥♥♥ to take out TJ Laser, the master of lasers and phasors!"
,Recommended,329130,23314076,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,✪ Hank,Very Fun to play but gets boring quicklybut still. ITS REALLY FUN TO PLAY
76561198046753353,Recommended,329130,23356204,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,MrCharles,"Its like building LEGO spaceships, except this time they blow stuff up for you."
76561198132875525,Recommended,329130,23175251,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,The Dragon Reborn,♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME GAME
,Recommended,329130,14604509,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Neskartu,Just amazing. Get it.Music and Play are exceedingly smoothe and feel good in the hand.
76561197964217450,Recommended,329130,31298601,Posted: 22 April,all,Memnoch,"Good while it lasts. Finish one ""faction"" and the rest just made me uninstall really. Not worth re-playing."
76561197970805332,Recommended,329130,33166072,Posted: 2 July,all,Nacho,Lego Shooter. Fun.
,Recommended,329130,19541307,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,DragonUnited™,Cool GameNeeds more Stuff to do.
,Recommended,329130,29634581,Posted: 1 February,all,UBERS,Recommended for people that like building ships.
,Recommended,329130,26005029,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,✪Sdun,Love the game. Workshop was the best addition so far!
76561198134775439,Recommended,329130,30968131,Posted: 5 April,all,KennyE,I would like a more recent update.
,Recommended,329130,28198779,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Dr. Inconspicuous,You could spend the time you ar using to read reviews to build ships
,Recommended,329130,16824276,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Ahhhhhhhhh,It's the best Neon Cube Laser Plant Ship Builder simulator out there!
76561197994799772,Recommended,329130,24123297,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Crimson King,Please describe what you liked or disliked about this game and whether you recommend it to others.Please remember to be polite and follow the Rules and Guidelines.
76561198057133203,Recommended,329130,17764145,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,tripleG (Hide the pain...),Really fun. Find my self spending heaps of time trying to build the best ship i can :P:D
76561198110881362,Recommended,329130,19189541,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,ash,"Beautiful game.  The mechanical alien ships and structures you encounter have an almost biological evolutionary feel to them.Your faction ships take on characterisitcs of your own ship as you modifiy it, really cleverly done.The music and sound effects enhance the atmosphere perfectly.  The gameplay is original and rewards creativity.  AI tournaments on youtube are fascinating to watch.If you like to have everything spelt out for you in a game, you may struggle, otherwise highly recommended."
,Recommended,329130,15647110,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Skill takes skill,VERY good game. But now it wont load. Thats really the only problem. Any help on how to fix this?
76561198054742221,Recommended,329130,17254948,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Saultnami,"Pros- Wonderful editor, good physics, neat weapons and easy modding.Cons-  Not very deep, no diplomacy, no interaction with NPC's"
76561198093451208,Recommended,329130,17259100,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Super Daken,Fun is all we need
,Recommended,329130,14748856,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,FRM,a fantastic sandbox space rpg anyone who likes minimalistic artstyle a great chiptune/dark techno soundtrack and fantastic sound design would love thisthe multiple factions wich play in compleately different ways to eachother bring already enough variatio to the game and the fact that other than creating your ship you can make a lot more to make your fleet rule the galaxy adds great dephthe only problem is that there is some grinding involved to reach the apex of your abilityes in game but fortunately this grinding is not repetitive.9/10
76561198130659206,Recommended,329130,17372953,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,TheLegend27,a amazing game even for people who might not be amazing at building games (me) but its simplicity is its greatest strength as a amatuer can make some amazing designs and with the implementation of mods the longevity is increased expenicaly i would recomend this game for anyone who likes space themed games or simple building that can get complex.9/10still playing after 40 hours goodbye have a good day
76561197983201980,Recommended,329130,17885246,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,U-Jack,"Fun little game. I liked the idea, the gameplay and the possibilities.If you are looking for something to play this weekend, you might consider buying Reassambly. But don't expect this game to be addictive as hell."
,Recommended,329130,19964673,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,[PrWh] Dragonisser,"The ship creation is like creating a nickname.Big open galaxyConstantly new challenges which are other human players created fleetsControlling the galaxies by activating space stations and upgrading themCreating an own fleet and produce ships that can produce ships tooJust buy it, i played 4 straight hours on it till 6am and couldnt stop playing it.10/10 awesome game"
,Recommended,329130,29515063,Posted: 26 January,all,Loner,I am loving this game. I constantly compete with myself to make the very best 8000p ship...love it!
,Recommended,329130,20717148,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Sergeant_Guest(TeddyBear),tastes like♥♥♥♥♥
76561198192949942,Recommended,329130,21229986,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,PZ II LUCHS,this is a mix between a like and a hate...its a good game and all but the agents really kill the fun of this game... they are way overpowered for even my largest and most powerful ships and their weapons instantly kill shields meaning that it only takes at least 2 shots and im dead
76561198029936480,Recommended,329130,25674558,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Dank Device,this game straight up rules. sort of awkward controls are made up for with the ability to make INSANE ships! ive spent hours just building and testing ships to see what works and what doesnt. for $15 i couldnt reccommend this game highly enough.
76561197969336681,Recommended,329130,25790553,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,brian86mail,"Wow, this is actually one of the best indie games I have played. Seriously addictive and a great soundtrack, a soundtrack that really adds to the game.In doubt if you should buy or not? BUY !"
76561198089235226,Recommended,329130,31605649,Posted: 7 May,all,JesusKnishes,Wonderful.
,Recommended,329130,31267706,Posted: 20 April,all,Calabresi W,10/10And the soundtrack is out of this world.
,Recommended,329130,19382364,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Tigroon,"A game that fell below radars, but was a smash hit with the small cult following that found it. Buy it, play it, love it."
,Recommended,329130,14794857,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Irrelevant2you,"A couple of things that have influenced my life reappear when I play this game. Stratosphere for the PC, Legos and the joys  of a summer backyard.  In this game you design a ship to participate in a large open world ship combat ecosystem.  You'll find joy at upgrading your ship and will look back on early designs and laugh at your lack of ambition.  It's satisfying to create a ship that fits a certain combat style.  Ship designing utilizes a clean workspace that is powerful. Amazing, coloful visuals and an epic electronic/ambient soundtrack also make this a great experience.  Pick up your destroyed pieces and get back into the war. 10/10. Recommended."
76561198155716967,Recommended,329130,33035630,Posted: 30 June,all,cjjcqwe,this game is loads of fun it's worth 15 dollars and its even better for 7
,Recommended,329130,23530689,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,o..o,"Space graph paper battles, very cool."
,Recommended,329130,14694590,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,しおざき,"Let be break this down into a few categories. Graphics, Sound, Story, Controls, Gameplay. I will end this review with my honest opinion after just about 30 hours in game.Graphics:The Graphics for this game are simple. And that is what this game's charm is riding on. 2D. It is simple, but because of this, this game has a very good feel to it. Like games of yesteryear. The game, with it's simple graphics. also has much diversity in the way it presents said graphics. From lightly colored tints, to bright shades. With the geometric shapes, the games has as much variety as you give it. And if you allow yourself to become immersed, the game will provide the rest.Sound:The sound in this game was surprisingly not what I was expecting. I was expecting simple, ""Pyew Pyew ZZST"" sounds for the weapons, and the classic ""Rocket Burn"" sound for the engines. No, Certain weapons all have a different sound. And the further you are from the source of the sound, the softer the sound will be. Zoom out fully, and the sound is just a whisper. Zoom in fully and you get the full range of sound. Do not expect huge Orchestral themes with this game. It keeps it simple, and does a great job at it.Story:Story? Simple. You own part of a Galaxy, and you conquer other sections. How, and when you do this. That is for you to decide. Not much else to it. Simply put. Your story is your ship. It is what you make it to be.Controls:Control are simple. Mouse cursor to aim. Or, if you like, Hit the ""R"" button to change controls. Personally, I go for the Mouse to aim, and W, S forward and back, A and D to turn. Gives it a more of an old school vibe to it. Makes the game feel more fluid on my end.Gameplay:Gameplay. Oh so simple. Anything shoots you, shoot back. You died? Well then. Try out a new build. In my honest experience, going for pure SP from the very start, helps. Once you reach Max (8000) then you can have some fun. I went for a build similar to current day Naval ships. And let me tell you. If you build to win, using your own creative imagination. You will have some deadly ships. And When you get to build huge huge ships, you become a force even to  other players ships. And, like many others have said, there is no multiplayer in this game. Instead, you get to have other players ships, ported to your game. And, depending on how good they are. You get to feel their wrath.Now, for my Impression of this game. I have to put it in a few simple words. A breathe of fresh air. Why? I encourage you to see how many good, space sandbox games are out there, that have a flow to it. Yet do not take endless hours to fully experience what this game has to offer. Yet the deeper you dive into this game, the more layers of strategy it takes to overcome. Though that is not to say the game will endlessly become more challenging. It is, as I have said, as you imagine it to be. And that, folks, is where this game has it's core. Some, like me, will find this game charming. And others, will of course, be left feeling a bit empty inside. That is entirely okay. So in the end, You can give this a try, and find out for yourself."
76561198118046489,Recommended,329130,18919150,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,HoboGod,"Great game, if a wee bit short. Really, the only problem with it is the lack of late game content, this sorely needs an update or a DLC to remedy it."
76561198154840763,Recommended,329130,18868155,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,toasted bread,this game is epic i love it!!!!!!!
,Recommended,329130,19660233,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Trovux,its k
76561198009306277,Recommended,329130,26365717,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Fragsworth,Great game
,Recommended,329130,26083468,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,junkrat,the most addicive ♥♥♥♥ing game. jesus its so fun.
,Recommended,329130,15036735,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,But I'm Just An Old Lady Anon,Excellent.
76561197974713479,Recommended,329130,20202316,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Slamz,"People who should buy this game:You enjoy building custom ships and pitting them in tournaments against other custom ships in AI vs AI matchups, much like Gratuitous Space Battles, but with far more detailed shipbuilding (and less ""gratutious price gouging""). To me, this is where the value of the game is at and where the vast majority of my invested time has gone.So if you get the game, I suggest you play with it for an hour or two, ""Test"" your designs against other ships and then google for ""Reassembly forums"" and find the online community and therefore the tournaments. That will take you down an amusing road that you can indeed spend 100+ hours on, as I have. I really enjoy designing and testing ships.People who should probably not buy this game:Anyone looking for a long lasting, interesting single player experience that does not involve building ships for tournaments. While this game does have a roguelike(?) portion to it, and I suppose some people may get dozens of hours of enjoyment out of it, there's really not much to it. You fly around and ""conquer the galaxy"" but the mechanics of doing this basically involves flying around and shooting everything in your custom ship, which IS entertaining for a few hours, as you grow and tweak the design, but I felt that part got old fast. It's just not very interesting. Maybe if the galaxy had more actual strategy to it or an overarching metagame... I mostly just play as a faction enough to unlock all the parts and then go design ships for possible tournament play because the galactic battles seem so droll.Still, I can't NOT recommend it considering I've put over 100 hours into a game that I think I pay $9 for. This game probably won't knock your socks off but it's neat and interesting and not a bad way to spend a few bucks if your interests are at all like mine.Oh, search YouTube for the tournaments too."
76561198129101111,Recommended,329130,14816406,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,unknown.notregistered,"A surprisingly simple to grasp, yet complext mastery system for such a fun game.Space combat with geometry designs, in a fun atmosphere of grinding. No real story or concept to grasp, just build, expand, explore and repeat. Surprisingly gripping for such a simple dynamic.The system works well with just basic resources to collect by destroyed ships or slowly harvested from a strange organic plant-like space stuff, convert it to credits for the faction you play as to grind and level up to unlock new parts and materials to build and design with.Graphically its surprisingly impressive for such simple mechanics, and I've only had a few sparce occasions of which there was too much to render at once, slowing my rig down.All and all, a worthwhile game if you are into building and designing your own spacecraft in a simple 2D top-down shooter."
,Recommended,329130,16542647,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Valaceous,"Amazing game, good graphics, entertaining and pretty time consuming"
,Recommended,329130,19896162,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Big Boy,SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE!
,Recommended,329130,19915293,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,SnackTimeCat,I played it for 8hrs straight the first night I had it...Didn't even realise I had stayed up all night until my girlfriend asked what the f*ck I was doing.10/10 incredible and addicting
,Recommended,329130,14676774,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Khlorghaal,"This game exceeded my expectations by far.The way it does ship creation makes it similar to StarDrive, except way better, in everything from the possibilities to the quality of the editor.The camera pans with a weird delay, sometimes your ship wont be anywhere near the center of the screen.Friendly AI really likes to ram you head on, sometimes they dont even attempt to avoid.Asteroid fields are too dense.The game generally gets bad due to crowding when theres too many ships, although the efficiency of the engine is very impressive and it takes a lot to make it lag.But despite those things, if it gets an FTL mechanic and multiplayer then I'd give it a 10."
,Recommended,329130,18440214,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Mantis for sure,"Spent an hour building my fleet bigger and bigger with self replicating ships.Facerolling everything in galaxy feeling like the bestDecide to engage an agent (Player built ships that enter your worlds)Half of fleet gets destoryed by massive death laser and then everyone else picked off by support ships.Respawn with a single ship, I am not the best.22/5 Would get rekt again"
76561198048112885,Recommended,329130,17607398,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Higsmoid,"This game is almost perfect.I just bought this game today but I've already had my share of experiences. The tutorial was a bit meh but after I got to the point where I could start exploring, the world opened up to me. While I wish that there was a little bit of written lore (an update would be nice!), the lore is almost self-explanatory simply based on what a faction's ships *do*. The mind wanders just you yourself wander, trying to infer whatever you can about this colorful, geometric universe.The combat is good and the physics behind movement take a bit of getting used to. This game isn't as much about that, though. It's all about building your perfect modular ship. Currently I am rocking a missile dreadnaught, though it has a few weaknesses. There is no *best* kind of ship in the game.I would highly reccomend this game, and would urge anyone to buy it even if it's not on sale.Now, as for things that could directly be improved upon (either through modding, updates, or hell, I'm so pleased with the game I'd pay for DLC) I'd like to see even more modules (sometimes I feel like I want even bigger guns) more factions (I want to see more cool and outlandish ideas that either impressed upon me a sense of wonder or terror), and story-mode/objectives (Some kind of diplomacy or even flavor text would be a nice addition to the game). This would be the first game that I would have liked to have still been in early-access because of the idea of even more content, instead of groaning. And believe me, I know how bad it gets; I bought towns ;-;"
76561198092656816,Recommended,329130,28267196,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Supra53,Deep ship creation nice open world feel
,Recommended,329130,28250325,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Aboth,I've put a lot of hours into this game and all that I can tell you isB U Y   I T
76561198277150057,Recommended,329130,35053500,Posted: 18 September,all,DANNN7087,It's just amazing
76561198271456620,Recommended,329130,35075575,Posted: 19 September,all,Mr Snek,F***ing brilliant.
,Recommended,329130,16835522,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Stryk1r,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome
76561198045117439,Recommended,329130,27024943,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,hand pants,fun little game but can get a bit repetitive
,Recommended,329130,25188580,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Poji,The Ai Behaviors don't really work all too well. But the game is pretty great. I'll be back to edit this with more info.
,Recommended,329130,17148184,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Nezzly,"This is a game where you build 2D space ships, to put it simplyi, for one, love thi game, and the recent addition (at time of this post) of the steam workshop has added so much more content to the gameif you enjoy putting together large massive space ships and fleets, you will love this gameif you do not like to build ships, i would not reccomend it as it is half the gameoverall i rate it8.5/10 for most people9.9/10 for me"
76561198006653787,Recommended,329130,17713915,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Captain Planet,"Like an arcade spaceship action game.... only 1 awesome difference. You build and modify your own ship to literally limitless configurations to build whatever you want. Physics is awesome, battles are awesome and difficult. 10/10"
,Recommended,329130,20173324,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Orange&Black Colored Psychopath,"Okay, first off...I spent hours on the game the minute I bought it. I made a really♥♥♥♥♥♥ship at the start, spent all the money in extra P, and now, it's probably the most destructive force in the universe, plus the extra 83 smaller ships I created. And that's only the first faction! :D"
76561198013132245,Recommended,329130,16486714,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,huminado,"Arcade-style graphics.Design your own ships.  The part shapes are just occasionally odd enough that getting things to line up becomes part of the fun.Test designs by letting them autopilot versus random other designs.  Center of gravity and healing rate are important.  Some ships are practically a huge gun with a seat and thrusters strapped onto it!I spent hours not even playing - just designing a ship and watching it play against other designs in the test phase.Once you are happy with a design (or just want to shoot something yourself) go in and harvest resources where the bad guys are, which also allows building up a fleet to team up against opponents.  Building a fleet is pretty cool - although they are something like a herd of cows...  not too smart and they get stuck in the weeds sometimes.  Playing the fleet dynamics is a whole game by itself!The flight is very space-like where you have to oppose thrust to slow down, which makes it feel very swimmy (I think why they say welcome to the tide-pool).  In that regard it feels a little like Spore's bacterial stage, only flying takes much more concentration.Replay value is sky-high, as optimizing ship designs at all size allowances allows starting over and trying new ideas.Also, the game feels very different than other games because you have complete control how your ship handles (although once it's damaged and your engines have fallen off it will handle very differently until it heals again over several seconds, relatively fast).  Trying to control a damaged ship reminds me of Robocraft, though this game is much more twitchy.TLDR:If I had to pick a favorite game so far in 2015, this might be it.  The gameplay is straightforward.  There are always more things to want to try out, which takes time to get there and try them.  And Space feels alive.  This is more of a tadpole simulator than a space game."
76561198065602785,Recommended,329130,21087182,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Antorius,"Cannot wrap my head around the controls. Do not really understand the mechanics. Constantly dying.The game itself is probably brilliant, but overall it is too difficult for me.30 hour update: OK, I get it now. This gameisa brilliant, highly addictive combination of RTS, shoot-em-up, bullet hell, and sandbox. It's digitial space Lego, with a slick aesthetic and beautiful sound track to boot. The moment when my brand new Starcraft Battlecruiser, the Norad III, materialized for the first time was one of the most simply and deeplysatisfyingin any video game ever."
,Recommended,329130,21428004,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Mister Zero,The Spiky Plant Still haunt my dream.
76561198023515023,Recommended,329130,21899301,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Krug Herder,"Once you have your fill of the vanilla factions, go explore the workshop. Quadruple your play time. Then quadruple that. MODS EVERYWHERE!What says more for this game than anything is the fact there are only (as I post this review) 61 negative reviews."
76561198044105277,Recommended,329130,23825818,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,dyler,"This is the nectar of the mind.Nothing beats kicking back, relaxing, and playing a simple sandbox space shooter with strategy elements.You can build your own ♥♥♥♥ing spaceship.Gold."
76561198017136894,Recommended,329130,23799880,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Shinigami,"Bought this for $7.50 during the Summer Sale, along with literally $100 worth of other games (including MGS: V). I even got a Bottle of Bourbon for the night, to make it a little special (coz you know, $100). 11 Hours in and I've yet to play any other games.It's like SPAZ, but you can COMLEPETELY customize your ship. You'll spend an hour finding a great design only for it to become obsolete 45 minutes later, but it doesn't feel infuriating, it feels like I've moved closer to becoming the king of this little castle. You'll get cooler guns, bigger Shields, bigger engines, and find different ways to make bigger, cooler ships.Some CONS:The Ship Builder often doesn't line up how you'd like and there aren’t enough sizes of different things. Seems like a minor thing, but in a game that’s built around designing ships, when you have to literally entirely redesign your ship just so you don't have big holes in it that can’t be patched, it starts to matter.Not as many Upgrades as one would like. A good few hours and you'll have pretty much unlocked it all. It's still fun exploring all the things you can make but with the tech limit such as it is, you can very much see an expiration date.All that being said, 11 hours in and MGS: V is still waiting.7/10 would get much higher marks for greater longevity, but a GREAT little game nonetheless."
76561198042558145,Recommended,329130,23811176,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,GameNLad,"Awesome game, love the music and art style. I would love to see this game enter the vast space that is multiplayer. But I hate the size limits sometimes, but other wise, I'd say this game is a 9.5/10."
,Not Recommended,329130,32704112,Posted: 23 June,all,Darty,"Great concept. Lots of cool content. But the dev has not updated the game in years. Now that wouldn't be a big issue, IF the game was in a working state. Sadly it is not. It is still possible to create invincible ships, or ships that spin so fast they break the game engine and achieve lighting speeds, making them unhittable. This wouldn't be that game breaking if it wasn't for the fact that any player can upload one of these ships, and then it will show up in other your single player campaigns.Not only that, but the game crashes regularly, for me at an almost hourly rate.The game does not feel like a finished product at all. Yet the chances of it receiving another update seem non-existent.I can't in good conscious recommend this game, as I do not feel like it is a finished product, and it doesn’t seem like it ever will be."
,Not Recommended,329130,33330543,Posted: 6 July,all,Quality Control,"Great game, however every 5 minutes the game crashes in some way, that's all I gotta say."
,Recommended,329130,28815761,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,zmoo,Is it worht $9?
,Recommended,329130,22583197,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,The True Salami Boi,.
,Recommended,329130,23175666,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Pancaked_Src,"""Hello hello hello. is there anyone in there? iv just came, to take your♥♥♥♥♥♥in runnnn."" pink♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,329130,32933622,Posted: 28 June,all,NeonKingdom,Shut up and buy the game.
76561198038518429,Recommended,329130,30935987,Posted: 3 April,all,SnowDragon,Yes
76561197984725181,Recommended,329130,31886619,Posted: 21 May,all,Cm rd Knightmarez,BEST SHELLCORE GAME EVER! healthy and thriving tournament community!https://discord.gg/WAqCdyygreat stuff
,Recommended,329130,20726434,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,.Hyper_panda,"I LOVE IT XD uil;uil;uil;uil;uil;uil;uil;uil;hhtjp5rktuiryemkv,lcj,oc,vavgnyutrddvdvraeaebvnrmou,gp..lp/;pm,l/pl;l.fv,lfcjifsajimdsjugvshngfnhwenfeng89nwergnwrehngnmdjnjsdrmgjsmdf9jim jmejfjemf jemfjm m emf,ijemfijmjigmreg,.rejimkgji.re,mhyjiemg,ejiemjmgrmgrmgerjmg,rem,grm,gkrdm,pg kr,fkr,grmgijrdm,g mg,kog,kro ,koer,gokrm,girjmgoidrmgrsjigmnrsj,gmnhmdjmig9,jridmgijbngwmgjreimgndnmrjiharrisonfoehwnieyvgnyeh8h yehrfweygfmjerhw7ygmhbheruiblrgiolrmjboj <---- I LOVE IT"
,Recommended,329130,25763666,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,FML| 天空龙,Pay so much for a game that always crash.Excatly what I looking for.
76561198241529554,Recommended,329130,34384005,Posted: 20 August,all,western rover,THIS IS SOOOO ADDICTIVEI PLAY THIS FOR 6 HOURS STRAIGHTI HAVENT ATE FOR A DAY NOWITS JUST SOOOO GOOODBUT MY WIFE AND LEFT ME FROM THISI HAVE SEEN SHIPS IN MY DREAMS AND I MADE THEM10/10 IGN
76561198087489183,Recommended,329130,30413795,Posted: 9 March,all,Uganda's finest chef,is gud
,Recommended,329130,26189371,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,FFFRRROOOOTTTTT,buy it
,Recommended,329130,22062273,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Tidgem,"Fantastic game! Great customisability alone, with a blooming workshop its even better! 9.7/10 ^^"
,Not Recommended,329130,23938073,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Bane Train,"Pros:Fun gameFun ship designInteresting economy and the likeUnique worldGreat factions, 2 more over powered than the others (favourite being sentinals)Cons:CONSTANT CRASHESYes I enjoy the entirety of the game.It's very unique and very enjoyable.But still I give it a negative rating.Reason: This game is over a year old. It has mod support and a good healthy community. YET it crashes so often it is frustrating. There is no pattern to the crashes, the game isnt intensive in anyway. Nothing beats the frustration of spending a good 30mins on a ship only to the game crash on you. Or even worse, finally kill that stupid enemy that spawned in and destroyed most of your economy, only to have the game crash and have to do it all over again.If you can stick through the crashes, then yes get it. But if not just avoid the game. Been 2 months since and update too... just saying"
76561198203076823,Recommended,329130,28955792,Posted: 2 January,all,terrabot101,love it. (O3O)
76561198158576783,Recommended,329130,31581172,Posted: 6 May,all,rayscott82,"great game, love everything about it!"
76561198025872420,Recommended,329130,15059472,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Grizzally,"This game is like an Ex-Girlfriend, constantly does you dirty but you wouldn't mind going back just one more time..."
76561198050722871,Recommended,329130,18849077,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Harshmellow,9/10
,Recommended,329130,27897817,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Iron Zulu,"This game is great, what more can i say?"
,Recommended,329130,23425583,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,smoof,really fun try it
,Recommended,329130,19107474,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Ninjalope,.
,Not Recommended,329130,16691102,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Glavius,"I didn't find a lot of content here. Very much a ""more of the same"" game with tons of repeition. I think I had unlocked all of the mechanics within about 2 hours and now I'm done for good with this game."
76561198035506750,Not Recommended,329130,17975953,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Mike,"AVOID THIS GAME!nothing but errors and crashes, what a complete waste of money and time.I spend upto an hour building large ships only to get a game error trying to save my design, have it crash and lose my ship.No manual save, just a dodgy auto-save.Ship movement is terrible, thrusters dont act the way they should.Overpowered enemies that kill you every 10 seconds, with no thanks to the awful spawn system which puts you right near the horde of enemies that just killed you.ship size also makes no difference.the game feels like an early access game, not enough content to hold my interest."
76561197970523499,Not Recommended,329130,29205388,Posted: 12 January,all,Azzazzel,"well its pretty enough and kinda interesting with the ship building though it kinda feels like thats getting stale now im locked at a ship power I dont think I can advance from yet I still get regularly evicted by these fleet things that are not in many instances seeming 'fair', especially when critical equipment like shields seems to randomly stop working with no means of repair. dunno bout those but hmmm. Then theres the pointless nature of the game.... it feels pretty directionless after you take a few places and max ship wise on p.... then my ship now randomly rubber bands randomly and flies away unpredictably.... bit meh...."
,Not Recommended,329130,19662878,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Baron Von Cunt,Fun game.But it came out of early access to early and gets quite boring after first playthrough.If they improve the game some more and add better mechanics/more stuff to do then i will change this review to a positive.
,Not Recommended,329130,20459602,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Meowssolini,Seems cool but it crashes basically every 3 minutes for me. :/
76561198149112046,Not Recommended,329130,22222010,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,epical vapour,it crashes every time i load it up
,Not Recommended,329130,15124448,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Tux Worshipper,"before you contribute to the attempt to downvote this into oblivion, i liked this game. its just so glitchy.If i go remotely fast at an asteroid that is larger than me. i will get sstuck in it for AGES.same goes for MY OWN SHIPS.also, i seam to be randomly making a giant explosion with nothing around me and dying instantly.when im to small and i DONT glitch into a rock, i die intantly. and the sad thing is, theres no hole in the hull.oh ya. and did i mention that you're SUPPOSED to auto-collect resource? well, i've had empty resource storage and waited litterally ON TOP of resource for about a minute. and then it decays. i then shortly pick up a bit of resource."
76561198041565318,Not Recommended,329130,21415015,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Alphamule,"It's another ""almost great"" game. Trying to hit any but the biggest and slowest ships with ballistic weapons is nearly impossible, laser weapons have very short range, and missles are rediculouslly slow and half the ships can out run missles. Better weapons would have made this a good game.Also, there is a way to make your ship pieces build in symmetry, so putting one piece on the right adds the same piece on the left, except I don't see how to make that happen. I had it working for all of 20 seconds, and it was great, but then it quit working and there is nothing in the help expaining how to turn that feature on/off, and guessing by hitting buttons didn't help."
,Not Recommended,329130,18670663,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,jppurkis,This game gets a zero for the abomidable sin of level scaling. You will never be strong enough to wipe out all of the other ships in the solar system because this horrible game automatically scales enemies to your strength. As far as I'm concerned this is the worst sin a game can commit.Otherwise a good game. Level scaling is annoying as hell though.
76561198079323783,Not Recommended,329130,22570456,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,embraceyourthorn,Really liked this game for the first few factions until i played a  faction without a shield. With these faction(without shield) you are able to get one shot by almost every ship. Even floating parts can instantly kill you.  For me this totally ruined the game. i still play the faction with a shield but am not able to tolerate playing those without. If this were changed it would make this game a lot more enjoyable.
,Recommended,329130,28888554,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,COMRADE_OVERLORD,It is fun and I don't know why.
,Not Recommended,329130,22821855,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Alex Elashne,Was a great game until it started to crash at random times. started happening in recent updates and hasn't been fixed.
,Not Recommended,329130,22711913,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Nerd,"Asside from 10-15 crashes per hour this game is fantastic hands down. The constant crashing does not make for a very fun exoerience, but for what ever reason I seem to ignore it and hope the devs do something about it. Until then I will simply not recomend this title.Windows 10 OS"
76561198261808995,Recommended,329130,21596726,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,MIYUKI,"Played this game for many hours outside of steam. This game is quite enjoyable, relaxing experience. Take your time to build ships however you want for whatever roles are needed - go out and expand your territory, or if you are like me and favor the Farmer faction simply populate surfaces with plants and watch as your fleet size grows. Of the very few down sides to this game is a lack of detailed instructions on the part functions ingame (you basically have to memorize them, learn from guides and videos posted by others). Some in-game mechanics are also lacking documentation (such as how to restrict building of ships). All the lack of documentation issues generally don't add up to much problem once you have played a faction for some time however.Overall a very good game and an enjoyable experience. Definitely worth the purchase if you like building stuff and seeing how well it performs."
76561198073530813,Recommended,329130,17237084,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,EverGamer,"An extremely entertaining spaceship construction and combat sandbox where you collect purple orbs and build new ships of your devising which can self-replicate ad infinitum. Game is a work in progress but already fully playable with no annoying bugs. It is single with a sort of asynchronous muliplayer where you upload your fleet to be encountered by other players. Amount of different components is quite big, a couple dozens for each of seven playable factions and there are already thousands of designs made by players. 9/10, would be 10/10 when it is complete."
76561197984013348,Recommended,329130,33106646,Posted: 1 July,all,Killer,Super fun game!
76561198147781201,Recommended,329130,15398562,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Nathan the Legionare,An amazing game!
,Recommended,329130,15285069,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,MisureBetty,This game is absolutely amazing. I started off by ramming my ship into a giant enemy ship and exploaded and died. 10/10 would play allahu akbar again.
76561198133970921,Not Recommended,329130,30227808,Posted: 27 February,all,Verves,Great game. i love playing it but the game crashes nonstop and its impossible to play
76561198046181524,Not Recommended,329130,23058746,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,WyvernZed,"Great soundtrack, great concept, game crashed over a dozen times in less than 2 hours of gameplay. Would not recommend in the current form."
,Not Recommended,329130,20008788,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Twister511,ITS bad
,Not Recommended,329130,32748266,Posted: 24 June,all,Dadversity,"Maybe it has potential, but it's not very user friendly at this point."
76561198007748367,Not Recommended,329130,18179742,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Photosynthesis,Now that I've played through it I can say that I was bored from start to finish. Endless grinding for a solo game? No thank you! Lacking customization for a game that is pretty much sold for its customization? Not appealing to me either. The soundtrack wasn't of any interest to me either. After half an hour I turned it off and played something else.In short: I did not find this game worth the price tag. At all.
,Recommended,329130,34838676,Posted: 9 September,all,Jayt327,its ok
,Not Recommended,329130,17940285,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,ChristmasTree,"Please FIX THIS PROBLEM AS FAST AS YOU CAN!!!1Today, i opened up the game and there was an update. I think it's because of that update. I lost all of my RED ships. I dont know what its type name. I also cannot play its type. WTH is happening?"
76561197972238246,Not Recommended,329130,34972350,Posted: 15 September,all,Mac,"I enjoyed this game a lot but unfortunately ever since they added this weird new plant species which shoots millions of projectiles the game is unplayable for me. The game is slowing down as if you were playing a slide show (I believe this effect is even intended by the devs because apparently those plants are supposed to slow you down) and you drop a lot of FPS on top of it (I think this is unintened).I NEVER understood why they added this stupid plant species, it broke the entire game. It was absolutely unneccesary and it is just not fun at all to play with this species in the game.Cannot recommend this to anyone..."
,Not Recommended,329130,16487658,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,OldSnakey,"Honestly I was intrigued by the video for the game, but I quickly realized this isn't for me. The beginning gameplay wasn't fun, fighting wasn't satisfying and I was dying a lot. I didn't feel compelled or incentivized to attack other ships, it was pretty much just chaos. A more directed experience with goals and sense of progression would help this game a lot."
,Not Recommended,329130,14711463,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Kaye-,"Fun for the ship building, exploration, and further customization. Not so much for the controls, which feel extremely wonky unless your ship is super nimble, and time you'll spend 'farming' to actually put your fleet together so it's not 1v10, where any one of them can melt you very quickly."
76561198034112506,Not Recommended,329130,34848729,Posted: 9 September,all,DOZAH,"Hard to call an event a 'bug' when it happens every, single, time.  spawn a ship?  stuck inside your ship.  get spawned by a ship?  stuck inside their ship.  can't save and reload, puts you back into ship stuck status.  changing your ship only works sometimes.game check, 'is your ship currently stuck inside another ship or is another ship stuck inside of your ship'?if yes, then separate those two ships.  what is coding?"
,Not Recommended,329130,19974475,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DOOOOO,"I... honestly have no idea what's even going on this game. Everything happens so fast and without explanation, tutorial objectives seemingly completed for a reason I can't really determine just because I happened to blink at the wrong time. If it's not that, I'm getting annihilated in 1-2 hits by any opposing ship, unable to defend myself because the default selection provided is so painfully underwhelming.Scrapping and building from scratch isn't viable, either, the starting weapons absolutely worthless and block shapes that aren't particularly conducive or varied enough for sensible building in the long run. Could you theoretically grind for resources to eventually build the ship you want? Sure, but it seems counterintuitive when the core direction is undoubtedly combat.That's not to sayReassemblyis completely flawed, of course; the music and art direction are indeed very good and it is a neat idea overall, just not very well executed."
76561198000917712,Not Recommended,329130,18210968,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,DarknessEyes,The enemy factions get extint to fast...Your fleet attachs random pieces of junk in wrong spots. making them useless.
,Not Recommended,329130,20976551,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Cartof,"The only thing good about this game is the tutorial. Everything else is awful. Very bad movement, nasty controls in space.. Not much good, this game isnt worth more than 2-3 euros.."
,Not Recommended,329130,29964090,Posted: 16 February,all,Gay Fax,"This is a great game but it had not finished. The game needs to be update, need more random encounters, better AI and more unique interesting elements. It is very cheap now with not so many capabilities.You can do this only:- Move where you want (where you can stay alive)- Shoot enemies- Build a ship- Make a group with AI for the dominationYes, it is all. Buy it only on a discount."
,Not Recommended,329130,29240698,Posted: 13 January,all,[A2M] Wizard of tha Hood,"As much fun as this game was in the short time I played it, it crashed literally every few minutes."
,Not Recommended,329130,26018796,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Myridium,"There are serious problems with this game. Serious enough that this game's development cannot be said to be complete. There are game-breaking performance issues, game-breaking UI bugs, and the AI wasn't finished being programmed.Problems1. Laggy. I don't have a power gaming rig, but neither should I need one for a game like this. My computer has a decent processor and subpar graphics card, but the amount of lag is unreasonable. The big problem with this is that the way the physics engine has been programmed, the game physics slow down when the GPU can't keep up. Consequently, I often find myself unable to determine whether I'm flying at slow speed or experiencing physics lag. This often makes me crash into things and makes flight uncontrollable in general because I can't determine my actual in-game speed.This is an unneccessary issue, as it's possible to program a physics engine with a fixed timestep that only draws frames as the graphics card can keep up. So there's no excuse for physics lag, really, even if the user has a subpar graphics card. It's just poorly programmed.I'm quite sure the issue is with the video card not keeping up, since I have a pretty good CPU.2. Bug: You can change the mouse-bindings on your ship to control what is activated by the left, middle and right clicks. However, if I go into the menu to change this binding then exit, it NEVER sticks. It doesn't save the change. I've been able to work around this a couple of times, I think by alterring something in the physical construction of my ship which 'tricks' the game into recognizing that some change needs to be saved.3. Bug: There's no point having a child ship spawn order option if the game doesn't pay attention to it. You can set four ships to spawn from your own, and the order in which it will happen. The first one to spawn for me was number 4, then number 1. So there's no discernible order here.4. Controls: I can't gel with twinstick shooters, so I opted for the keyboard and mouse. The game seems to be designed around this anyhow. You control your ship using the WASD keys, but the W key doesn't make you go up. Nope. It makes you fly forward with respect to the current direction your reticle (mouse) is from your ship. I find this counterintuitive, but perhaps there's a good game design reason for this.Also, it's impossible to shoot in a direction other than the one where you're ship is facing (or currently turning to face). Why? The turrets are capable of pivoting, and if for example set to ""Point Defense"", will automatically shoot at enemies no matter which direction you're facing.5. AI:I find there to be way too many ships around stations owned by the player faction. It wouldn't matter, except that they crash into you. A lot. They don't seem to have any desire to avoid crashing at all.For some reason, laser/beam/idunno weapons set to ""Point Defense"" will not shoot down enemy rockets, even if they have nothing else to do. Why? I can shoot them down manually with these weapons, so the capability is there. It's just unfinished AI.6. Limited Ship Building parts:From what I can tell, there's no 'structural integrity' component to designing ships. Parts don't experience torque or rip off or anything like that; I think the way it works is that each part is rigidly attached to every other part, until it takes sufficient damage to disappear and disconnect anything that was connected to it. That's fine.The problem is that sometimes you want to connect an important part (say the ship's shield) to multiple other parts of the ship so that there isn't just one link in the chain that needs to be broken for it to fall off of your ship. You can sometimes do this, but often there are times when parts are *almost* snapping together but there's a teeny bit of space between them. This comes about from the developer not paying enough attention to the geometry of the parts provided to ensure that this will happen less frequently. An easy way to solve this would be to put in a sort of 'strut' part that can have variable length and just serves to connect two bits of the ship. But nope, that's not in the game either.Good ThingsI appreciate the detailed options available in this game. You can change the number of physics timesteps per second, V-sync, and various gamepad options. I can't think of anything else good to say about this game, as my experience was so seriously hampered by physics lag."
,Not Recommended,329130,17165525,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,danz409,ok. i would rate this nuetral if i could. i mean this game is the most amazing space sandbox iv ever seen. the ONLY reason i rate it down is because how buggy it is. this game is considerd to no longer be in early acess or beta or any of that mess. and its more unstable than some that are. i HIGHLY suggest deves (if you see this) clean up the mess. get it running smooth. this is grade A Minecraft materal! don't make the same mistakes mojang did! even with the mess of constantly crashing AND steam for whatever reason re-downloads every restart at only at 10-20 Kbps on a 50 mbps line... >.> extreamly frustrationg!
,Not Recommended,329130,17562795,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Svartsjö,"what the hell is the point of having such a great building system if you're going to plunk it into an archaic asteroids-esque game? oh, here's all the tools to create any ship you desire - good luck controlling it!what a waste"
76561198027785846,Not Recommended,329130,17606731,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,ChaosRepeated,The game in the video is an exciting bullet hell 2d space sim.The actual game is a boring sloppy controlled resource harvesting grind with a frustrating ship builder interface.
,Recommended,329130,25451933,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,AllyOpps,"UhNot too sure what to write here so heres a recipe for Pancakes insteadIngredients:1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour3 tablespoons sugar1 tablespoon baking powder1/4 teaspoon salt1/8 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg2 large eggs, at room temperature1 1/4 cups milk, at room temperature1/2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract3 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more as neededNow to make it1. In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, and nutmeg.2. In another bowl, beat the eggs and then whisk in the milk and vanilla.3. Melt the butter in a large cast iron skillet or griddle over medium heat.4. Whisk the butter into the milk mixture. Add the wet ingredients to the flour mixture, and whisk until a thick batter is just formed5. Keeping the skillet at medium heat, ladle about 1/4 cup of the batter onto the skillet, to make a pancake. Make 1 or 2 more pancakes, taking care to keep them evenly spaced apart. Cook, until bubbles break the surface of the pancakes, and the undersides are golden brown, about 2 minutes. Flip with a spatula and cook about 1 minute more on the second side. Serve immediately or transfer to a platter and cover loosely with foil to keep warm. Repeat with the remaining batter, adding more butter to the skillet as needed.6. Procedure for adding fruit to pancakes: Once the bubbles break the surface of the pancakes, scatter the surface with sliced or diced fruit, or chocolate chips, nuts, etc. Flip with a spatula and cook for 1 minute more, being careful not to burn toppings."
76561198268981992,Not Recommended,329130,29473347,Posted: 24 January,all,jrjr3000,"It is SO bland. FIRST TEN MINUTES: WOO-HOO! I can make my own ships! TEN MINUTES LATER: I made my own ship. Now, rinse dry repeat."
76561198145450622,Not Recommended,329130,25020452,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚 https://skinhub.com/,this game looks amazing runs amazing BUT is sadly not my type of game because i am stupid and dont know how to play although look at some gameplay before playing i.... i JUST CANT PLAY IT( i am not saying it's a bad game i just cant play it =b )
,Not Recommended,329130,22870191,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,goofball305,$5 Worth of content for $30 huge rip off
76561197974939978,Not Recommended,329130,17322394,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,AutisticScreecher,WASTE OF MONEY!
,Not Recommended,329130,16805270,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,SUPER SCARY Pinicio,"This game is practically the same as Bubble Tanks, a free Flash Game about building your own Bubble Tank and exploring a Universe of Bubbles.My whole experience from Beginning-to-end with this game was extremely negative. So I have to give this a Negative Review since that's my experience with the game.At least the Steam Refund feature works."
76561197982373731,Not Recommended,329130,15012000,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,of poison,"becomes stale quickly, need to be able to unlock and use other factions in the main game modegravity warping could be nice too"
76561198105874003,Not Recommended,329130,29023366,Posted: 4 January,all,scoogeinvader,this game looks like a very good game and it is at its parts but every time I play I get confused with building the combat is good the flying could be better and the price of the game is I bit much I would say its worth 10 bucks the integration of the workshop makes the game very fun and bearable overall this game is worth the money if you like laggy controls even though I had my graphics on the lowest so that why I haven't said any thing about the graphic's so I can improve this game more if you could make the game a bit better I would recommend it.
,Not Recommended,329130,25688259,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,JarAxe,"I liked this game. Became boring really fast though. Why isn't there a multiplayer mode for this game? It would at least make me enjoy it a lot more. I'm refunding, but I'm gonna buy it again if it shows major improvement and a multiplayer mode. Having only single player makes it too simple."
76561198088032954,Not Recommended,329130,30163774,Posted: 25 February,all,Ettain,onestly i whould rate this game up but because of the fact that i cant download the updates i simply don't like this game enough to rate it up.
76561198205025227,Not Recommended,329130,29660300,Posted: 2 February,all,sky_dude,I am not recmmending this game because the developers have not updated i over a year :( .
76561198043221198,Not Recommended,329130,14629196,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Necromaster,"I do like the game but the in game different factions are radically unblanced and the ultimate ship is essentially a cube or rectangle with a bunch of weapons and engines.  There are some creative powerful ships out there but they are few and far between.  In specific i am almost constantly up against an agent called the lasercube, and its ♥♥♥♥ing boring as hell because i essentially have to break out a long range super fast sniping ship and kite it to death or make a clone of it, produce several of them and just out laser cube the laser cube.  This is also annoying.  Of course some faction arent even able to snipe things.  The faction that is orange red yellow has such weak hulls that the laser cube destroys them on sight, and with no long range weapons, and no shields the ROY (red yellow orange) faction is weak as balls against the others.  Its really annoying when my fleet of 7 or more 4000 cost ROY ships just get blown to♥♥♥♥♥♥by an agent looking at them the wrong way.  In short its a cool game, i do enjoy it, it just frustrates the crap out of me because the factions are unblanced as ♥♥♥♥, all the agents i see are basically cubes or rectangles, and I purchased the game right before the price dropped to $15.  As it stands if the price drops again, or if the game is somehow rebalanced to make cubes and rectangles not the most effcient ship design, or to somehow award ships with greater aestetic appeal more functionality, or really just something to balance all the factions and make them all equally capable of fighting with eachother, then I can recomend the game.  As it stands I would say buy it if you enjoy playing with legos a lot, and if legos weren't one of your favorite toys then this isn't for you as of right now.  I also noticed a lot of reviews talking about crashing and deleting save files but i never had those problems.  Not sure why, but those need to be fixed."
,Not Recommended,329130,15050181,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,「Drøpb∆re」,"Poor instruction. Poor UI and poor gameplay.Every ship drags out and drifts so much that thrusters are really only to propel and fling you in one direction while you wait to crash into something constantly. Simply put, the inertia is very poor.Haven't played much, and I'll have to play some more to justify blowing 15$ on this mediocre game.Game feels heavily like an early-access (ie bad) than something that is classified as complete and released.You bascially throw together some ship with thrusters and weapons on it and fly around and shoot stuff. The end. Every ship looks the same (a chunk of material together with random projectiles coming out of it)Certainly a regrettable purchase. Legitimate buyer's remorse. Don't let the trolls saying it's good and downvoting anyone saying otherwise tricking you into buying this poorly made and hollow game."
76561198368699324,Not Recommended,329130,32789389,Posted: 25 June,all,ihatedoughnuts,Trash doesnt even work on both of pc s
76561197966404013,Not Recommended,329130,33685288,Posted: 20 July,all,Brobear,Add multiplayer and i'll like .-.
,Not Recommended,329130,25797154,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,KamikazeCommie,"So much in this game could be so much easier and more fun, but is just pointlessly annoying. Ugly, boring game with no goals and  no reason to keep me playing. 3/10"
,Not Recommended,329130,25191730,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,High,"its just bahdthe building mechanics are sloppy, and there really isnt any guidence in what youre supposed to do past the three seconds of tutorial its just to open world in the begenning.id play it if it if it weren't 14 dolarsit is a good game but not worth mustering 15 bucks, thats why i refunded. also i played half of it on a road trip without internet, so ive god like 4.3 hours on the game"
76561197999750705,Not Recommended,329130,14438279,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Lovepie ๏̯͡๏﴿,"The game is lacking  a multiplayer mode, so this game have no real longevity. After 15 hours of gameplay I felt that I had done everything this game had to offer. It's really fun to build new ships and all,  but if I don't have a purpose it's just meaningless.The game is very badly performance optimized, even with a good computer you are playing in slow motion sometimes.The game still have alot of bugs. For example crashing anddeleting all your save files(!!??)Conclusion: Game is far from done and overpriced. Developer wants to release it in ""a couple of weeks"". But it's not ready."
76561198276045947,Not Recommended,329130,31779475,Posted: 15 May,all,Asian Guy,.
,Not Recommended,329130,14637157,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Catroast,"First, let me say this: marking a review down as ""unhelpful"" because it disagrees with your vapid opinion makes you look like biased, emotional tw@t, a developer employee, or a paid shill. There are far too many 5-star reviews here to be taken seriously.That being said, here is my review:This isn't the slow buildup space opera you're looking for. Now, let me expand on this, because some people can't understand a simple statement that actually has a lot of meaning and shouldn't have to have everything spelled out.1. It's a live-fast, die faster space 2D shooter with no story arc and a ""umm... what am I fighting for?"" feel to it. Space Pirates and Zombies is a 2D space shooter, but has a story, coolness, and more. And it was funny.2. Too busy! There is so much happening on the screen, you sometimes get lost in all the things spraying this way and that. I'm suprised more people aren't complaining of headaches and seizures.2. There is no demo. You buy it, you don't like it, you are SOL. Another Indy rip-off.3. Gamepad play was buggy as hell for me. KB+M worked much better, but then I was playing a space shooter with KB+M. /facepalm.Replies will be deleted. I'm not interested in arguing with rabid fanbois."
,Recommended,329130,19147838,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Invader Zim,"designing your own ships and flying them against ones created by other users is great fun and the game has a nice look and feel with some cool chilled out music, the dev seems to be a nice guy too."
76561197970849298,Recommended,329130,19148298,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Snotvomit,"This game is fun.   If you like games where you build fighting machines and let them loose, or if you like RTS/Tower Defence games then you will most likely enjoy this.The only downside is a lack of overall objectives.  There are objectives during the in-game tutorial, but these should have been extended through the rest of the game.  There is also no ""win condition"", as far as I can tell.  These would be nice additions but the game is fun even without them.A very good effort by the developers."
76561198101186124,Recommended,329130,19098419,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,a slimer from gostbust-a-nut,minecraft + spacebuild a spaceship of blocks and shapesmurder everything
,Recommended,329130,18784993,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,unquietwiki [Reddit],"This game's okay if you want to be really creative, or just have something like ""artifical life"" running on your system, fighting and collecting resources between pushes against other player creations."
,Recommended,329130,18792663,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Bugged,------Great space sandbox-like game------+workshop and easy modding+you can create your own ships and stations+lots of fractions to choose from+great eco-system+lots of weapons-agents can be sometimes annoying
,Recommended,329130,18791541,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Knaroef,"Reassembly is one of those games that just sucks you in. The world feels very much alive, and looks beautifull. The ships may feel a bit odd to control at first, but that is actually quite fun, as it allows for many different manouvers you wouldn't expect. This game has a lot of content, and a lot of mods, since it is very easy to mod."
76561198018735929,Recommended,329130,18827333,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,NYABINGHI,"Very good game...it lives...somehow ;-) Must have! Trust me, go buy it.Personal rating is a 8.5 / 10"
76561198028057636,Recommended,329130,18948647,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Sky,Awesome : D
76561198041378462,Recommended,329130,18946965,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,WovenDirt,"Maybe some parts should only be able to attch to some parts.. And needs a few more Parts.. Also Should be able to set target desires like Engine, Weapons, Hull... Otherwise has provided some logged in amusment time.."
,Recommended,329130,19402061,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,thisnukes4u,"Extremely fun, great steam controller support, tournaments are boss. Wish there was multiplayer or some other sort of ""endgame"" though."
,Recommended,329130,19316543,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Gear,"clocked over 100 houres on this game, still having too much fun"
76561197972380519,Recommended,329130,19192602,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Tao,"This game is super fun.The game has many ""parts"" that can be put together to form a ship.  The ship builder screen is easy enough to use, but there are some weird bugs to it.  Each faction has its own parts with their strengths and weaknesses.The gameplay is extremely fun, but it can be frustrating starting out as a little ship.  With some creative building and patience you can really create some powerhouse designs.  The worlds will also populate ship designs created by other people so you can really test your ship building acumen.Overall a great, fun, arcadey shooter that takes the old school ""Asteroids"" game to the next level."
,Recommended,329130,19297434,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Charmics,"If the game seems appealling to you, you'll probably have a good time with it. If not, don't worry, there are other games. Keep in mind that there are mods, which can extend the life of this game beyond normal limits."
76561198053214091,Recommended,329130,19279273,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,fraser.m.horton,148 hrs and I'm about to play some more.Truly enjoying the possibilities that this game offers.  It is immersive and all kinds of fun!
,Recommended,329130,19327128,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,jimvo,fan gam
,Recommended,329130,19490264,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Bananonymous,The only bad thing about this game is that I don't have enough time to play it.
,Recommended,329130,19487949,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,GФDDДMИ_ДЯЯDI,This is one of the best games to ever be released. I'd reccomend it a thousand times over.
76561198119184217,Recommended,329130,19513155,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,REDSHIFT,"This game is soo much fun to play. The graphics and art style are stunning, and the amount of content is great. It is a perfect mix between spore and ftl, gotta love those massive coloful fleet battles."
,Recommended,329130,19529852,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Perspective1,This game is Suberb. That is all. GET IT NOW!!
76561198113243319,Recommended,329130,19529908,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,jessedodson,"Excellent, lots of fun, hope it continues to evolve!"
,Recommended,329130,19441367,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Agm-114,Pretty good
,Recommended,329130,30461030,Posted: 11 March,all,BlueBurger14,"AMAZING! Such an awesome game. Just got it and I already love it. From building and controlling a space ship to fighting  giant plants, this 2D conqueror is one of the funnest games I've ever played!"
,Recommended,329130,20017159,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Hypnotoad,Kinda like building lego ships and actually getting to fight with them. Super addicting.
,Recommended,329130,19987645,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,TestZombie,"I do enjoy this game, its fun to just sink time into and destroy an entire colony of spikey plants with your 20+ probe fleet.Game Play summary:Modify Ship.Build a ship.Build a ship (but this time you know what your doing).ReBuild Ship with new parts.Rebuild ship with the realization that the trapazoid hull block is a size adapter.Die from crashing into space vines.Watch your ship attack other ships.Attack other ships.Get a fleet.Get your r stolen.Press 'c' tp trade R for C.Enter a worm hole.Die.Respawn.Relize that the day is over.Cry into pillow.-edit-Wake up.Learn that each faction you unlock has different weapons and blocks and play styles."
76561197991527543,Recommended,329130,20040697,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Max Kadmus,"Awesome shipbuilding, battlefleet game."
,Recommended,329130,20063795,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,ShadowBlah,Most people will have grandoise ideas of the ships they can build and they are probably possible. But! you won't be making those ship right out of the gate or even soon after. There is a pacing to the game and it's done rather well. Depending on how content you are with the status-quo you can rush to make bigger ships or not. A very fun game that you'll probably get your money's worth before it possibly out stays it's welcome in unlocking different races.
76561197998556770,Recommended,329130,20264840,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Trova,"I love this game. It has a good amount of polish.Soundtrack fits this game seamlesssly and sets the tone. This game doesnt try to be anything other then itself, sure this game has smiliraties with games like asteroids and the like, but it ISN'T asteroids. It provides a sandbox feel  when you feel like killing time, or the ability to prep for war and attempt to take over other universes. (which I am not very good at) I would recommend this to anyone that enjoys crafting games, space games, or exploration games."
76561198109752549,Recommended,329130,22489775,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,drodig63,"Reassembly is a game that takes place in a genre of space games that allows you to create your own ships and use them to fight other ships. The main difference is, Reassembly does this is a very unique and different way. You have full control of what you ship, or station, will look like, except for the manditory command module. You can use a variety of parts for all of the playable factions and many modded factions. You can build a fleet to your specifications and can use it to conquer the entire universe that was generated for your faction to reside in. Each faction has its own special parts with their own specifications aswell as their own types of weaponry.(Note: These numbers I am using are not based on faction id's in the Sandbox.)WARNING: SOME PEOPLE MAY CONSIDER THIS NEXT PART AS A HUGE SPOILER. DO NOT READ IF KNOWING THIS INFORMATION SPOILS THE GAME FOR YOU.Faction 1 ""The Terrans: The starting faction, it is very well balanced and generally simple to use. Faction 2 ""The Farmers"": Largest variety in parts, this faction tends to behave neutrally, but can be very deadly later on. This faction is known for its seed planter. Faction 3 ""The Reds"": This faction has the weakest hull armor. They do however, have the most parts on their ships, due to their blocks not being able to scale. This faction also tends to have the most weapons on their ships, and very good point defense. Faction 4 ""The Tinkrell"": This faction has customizable weaponry, making them have the ability to obtain the most powerful weapons in the game. Faction 5 ""The Crystalline ships"": This faction has very strong hull armor and some of the most powerful plasma cannons in the game. Faction 6 ""The bees"": This faction has very powerful lasers, and the most powerful thrusters in the game. Faction 7 ""The Sentinels"": This faction is well know for its nukes and obliterator burst lasers, a certain type of part can even used for melee damage.Pros:-Massive level of creativity able to be put into your playthrough.-Many ways to play.-Variety of factions to play as.-Many ships to fight.-Very active workshop.-Great community and fan base.Cons:-Their is a P limit based on the command module, amount of thrusters, and amount of weapons the ship has.-Their is a block limit based on the amount of blocks your ship has.Reassembly tends to the needs of players who like combat, building, or both. Their are many different ways to fight, just like their are many different ways to build."
76561198172751559,Recommended,329130,30761142,Posted: 26 March,all,Poehl60,good
76561198182049209,Recommended,329130,22446741,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,ajent101,before i start this review i just want to say this game is not for everyone  its not a fps and there is no online multiplayerbut there are explosions space ship building and tons of strategyanywho I LOVE THIS GAME it is absolutely amazing i love space ships customization and semi realistic damage this game has all of that is it action packed. you can create fleats of hundreds of tiny ships or you could create one huge titan class death star type thing (without the weakspots) make a drone carrier farming ship a tsation or just about anything you could possibly imagine
76561198067517500,Recommended,329130,21450174,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Patergia,"If you think this game looks fun you will probably love it, I did.ps. If you see a black 8,000p blur that is cutting through asteroids and capital ships like butter, and shooting thousands of missiles, that might have been my ship."
,Recommended,329130,21505760,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,FUXOFT,"This game is very innovative and I like its almost abstract graphics (which run great even on older hardware). The tutorial is not very good but once you get into the game, you get many hours of fun."
76561198275994761,Recommended,329130,21485486,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,ABoringPerson,"This game is amazing for people who love (or just generaly like) space and sandbox games! Although some factions are hard to aquire or to play as, they're worth playing!The Mods are amazing! (As long as you stay within 1-6 pages) And I'Ve played alot of factions and this game is overall, just... fun! Even if the Agents (Enemy fleets that are made by other players) are hard, you'll be able to beat them!"
,Recommended,329130,21815596,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,楽しい,MULTIPLAYER.... The last thing this game needs.
76561198105900139,Recommended,329130,21819639,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Doug Dimmadon't,"From the start this game looked really good, and after watching a few YouTube let's plays on it I decided to get it. This was a mistake. Not because the game was bad, but because I got addicted to it. It has a simple premise, but still manages to be fun, engaging, and alive. This game is definitely worth the price."
,Recommended,329130,21782739,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,⎛⎝TheKoalaGod⎠⎞,Super cool idea and great execution.10/10
,Recommended,329130,22439153,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Saga_Daroxirel,"This game is relaxing yet intense. Overall, you just need to build ships, but at the same time, you don't. It takes some figuring out, but the game becomes more fun as you play. It'll never be fun unless you do play, so what are you waiting for? Get it!"
,Recommended,329130,22210643,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,LettuceBowler,pretty awesome.
,Recommended,329130,22109687,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Zain,"A really fun little game to build ships, unlock the factions and just mess around in general.What to expect:Tonnes of fun, simple yet addictive gameplay in colorful, neat ""geometry-graphics"", a super fast download (the gamefiles are incredibly small. I guess they must have built the engine and all from scratch. + the game has pretty much no textures that need to be saved apart from the background. not much more than 100 mb to download, not mmuch more than 200 mb drive space required).What not to expect(>as of right now<,28th March 2016):Story, real-world orientated content, real multiplayer, Crispy shaderengine-graphics.The soundtrack really does sound nice, but of course it gets old after some time. Thrusters behave mostly newtownian but are aoutomatically used in a blanced way (an asymmetric ship is possible, but if you don't have thrusters to break and turn, your kinda screwed.)The current multiplayer is just that it let's you meet ships designed by other players (they come in strong fleets that have a main ship, they're called agents. The main ship is not the strongest ship but the one he player used at the time of upload.)"
76561197980849081,Recommended,329130,22214484,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Kamlyn,"I whole heartedly recommend this game. You can custom build your own fun fliers, test them against similar point build designs, try to minmax one, or build a hulking behemoth. The videos and screen shots do not to this game proper justice."
,Recommended,329130,22366483,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,zennonymous,pretty fun and addicting XD
,Recommended,329130,22322938,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,just1n l1u,its very fun and it has an amazing modding community.
,Recommended,329130,16947700,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Ion Cascade,"Pros:-Appealing art style-Great soundtrack-Endless possibilities of ship design-Numerous playable factions with their own unique play styles and ship designs-Moddable factions with steam workshop support-Moddable ship parts, potential for completely custom ships-Player made fleets appear in your game-Ability to upload your ship/fleet to the cloud so they can appear in other players' games-Good graphics-Newtonian physics, it's like you're actually flying in zero gravity-Interesting AI differences in factions, some npc ships will actually salvage parts from downed enemies and use them to upgrade their own ship.-A sandbox mode where you can simulate battles, take control of ships you spawn, and write scripts. Great for testing your custom factions and ships.Cons/Suggestions to devs:-The ship editor lacks a symmetry mode, which would make ship building a bit more streamlined-When you run into stuff, you take damage. I feel like there should be an option to disable this for new players, however this feature grants the ability to create ships that ram when in combat, which is always fun as hell.-There needs to be a better way to quickly check how damaged your ship is. Perhaps a bar on the hud that shows what percentage of your ship is damaged. Sometimes the screen gets so busy you can't see how much of your ship is left and when it would be a good idea to turn tail and flee if things get too hairy.-Sometimes it's hard to travel quickly from one place to another because you can't see far enough in front of your ship to see obstacles like asteroids and stations. Space high ways or warp gates would be an excellent addition to the game.-There is currently no way to tell how much of your shields are left. A way to monitor that would be very convenient.-The sandbox mode lacks a tutorial on how to use the command line.-An interesting addition would be factions that have more than just 2 colors in their color scheme. I sometimes feel limited when attempting to create more flashy and appealing ships. Maybe the ability to paint your ship or add decals would work.-There are no planets. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥it would be awesome to blow up a planet.tl;drI bought this game after reading the reviews. They do not lie, this game is extremely fun and addicting. You will not regret spending your money on it. Amazing game and amazing community. If you're on the fence about it, I'm telling you to buy it. It's great and you'll really enjoy it. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,329130,16949784,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Skyblade,It's a great game with so much potential to be so much more! Dev seems to be either working on something else or very slow. No indication that he's still working on the game. \Hope dev continues his work.
,Recommended,329130,16952934,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Fish,"So far my 2nd most played game and soon to be my first, and still lots more to do!This game is the most fun I've had for awhile, and because of all the creative thinking you do in this game, I just love it!Thx for reading!-Guppy"
76561197970963511,Recommended,329130,16836766,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Count von Count,"Building, blowing up, tweaking, getting blown up, fun fun fun!"
76561198152323873,Recommended,329130,17134419,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,H.A.L.T.,"Bought it. Played it for like 4 hours. Loved every moment of it.Great game, infinite creativity and replayability, and awesome graphics and framerate. Seriously, only lagged a little bit when I had like 250 little fighters at once.9.5/10. Definately worth the 15 bucks you spend on it."
76561198018104278,Recommended,329130,17117928,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Resolute,One of my top 5 favorite games of all time! This game is absolutely brilliant. The mechanics are innovative and the gameplay is slick and highly polished. I absolutely recommend playing this game!
,Recommended,329130,17125744,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Roundy,"One of the best games I have played this year, that I never heard of until I found it and bought it."
,Recommended,329130,17402152,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,chris45724,bcause this game is very fun... if you like space shooting builders?
,Recommended,329130,17684578,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Grrr,"If you were into to building space ships with legos or drawing them as a kid(or do as an adult) you will get to bring them to life with this game.I have sit down to play this for a little while only to realize once I am finished a few hours have passed.There are 7 unique factions to choose from and some others made by the community. I haven’t tested any of those community ones yet so I cannot judge those.There is a bit of a grind to unlock all the different parts for your ship but the reward of using those parts to design the craziest, strongest or just silliest ship you can is worth it. Fighting fleets designed by other players(AI controlled) known in the game as agents is the most fun way to test those ships. The test option on the design screen is probably the truest test of them though. Basically your ship fights someone else's design around the same point value both are ai controlled.How much time you will spend playing this is really based around how fun you find designing. So if you are the type of person who will spend hours creating characters just to see if something will work the way you think it's probably a good game for you."
76561198043777294,Recommended,329130,17690147,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,ahkent,asteroids 2015 edition
,Recommended,329130,17690800,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Morty Bot,"Pretty fun until you try to collect all the other races.It should be possible to disable tutorials, when you try out a new race though.Despite these minor drawbacks, really fun time playing!"
,Recommended,329130,17710309,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Manbreakfast,"I came expecting Spore microbiology phase.I left with a space opera.I made a line of cannons with a cockpit that I couldnt fly worth a crap and the AI used it to make semi stationary defensive barges. This game is fresher than a piece of lettuce. Finer than fine china, bring out the good plates.10/10 would adapt again"
76561198029903627,Recommended,329130,17719081,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,DaMuffler,I bought this game 5 times. Buy it and make me more mods please.
,Recommended,329130,17723537,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,indjev99,This game is awesome! When I bought it I played it for 6 hours straight. Now I have played it for 10 hours and there is still a lot to explore. Totally worth it!
,Recommended,329130,17733544,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Rhendox from Comcast,"This game... Much like Space Engineers, but on a mostly 2D plane. And requires more guns. Otherwise, there is no game anywhere near Reassembly. As said in the review, this game is mostly praticle based, and not texture based like most other games. This means that for the people who don't like complex, fancy textures that cause huge FPS drops, this game is the best."
76561198105231659,Recommended,329130,17735134,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Wrapitupden,Made A Giant♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Spaceship 11/10
76561197978737651,Recommended,329130,17639004,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,okoM,"Since I bought this game I haven't shut it down, its all I play atm and why? because its damn addictive.You begin with a rather small spacecraft and start your journey mining resources.As you collect resources and trade them for money wich will be used to upgade you ship's power or add new pieces for your ship, you will explore a beautiful enviorement and face other factions throughout space.At a certain point you will be able to build your own ships and spawn them yourself*THIS IS WHERE IT GETS ADDICTIVE FOR ME*As you soon will discover, the ships you built and spawned will follow you and defend you, even collect resources for you.You will have your own armada of ships and they are all fully costumizable! Like in, you build them from scratch till you and only you are satisfied with its looks.So basicly whats good about the game:-customize your own fleet.-Nice environment-Have your own armada-game controls ( I play with keyboard and mouse)-Grafix ( if you're into this kind of old school 2-d spacebattle-thingies)Some things did bother me:-No multiplayer (-You do have a sort of multiplayer as in sending your fleet to a friend (separate file) wich he can import in game and have an AI fight with. And there is a thing called agents wich are playermade ships who spawn in your map to haunt you.)-No control over spawned ships. In command mode you can sell or buy allied ships but you cannot control them as in sending them in a direction, generally the spawned ships will follow you and defend you at their best ( wich is up to you on how you build them ;) )Sorry for any mistakes and poor englishHope you will buy this game and have as much fun as I do playing itTo the Dev: If you ever read this=> I will Buy Reassembly 2 early acces or even kickstart if you add a multiplayer/co-op!!"
,Recommended,329130,17650425,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Pimpin Fish,"Love the game, but one small issue, when synching the game with the cloud after playing, Steam will not allow you to play other games until this is done, but other than that it is a great and addictive game."
,Recommended,329130,17783837,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Arvock,"So, the first thing I have to say is... Wow! The entire map look wonderful, and the colors a vibrant and fantastic! I've seen a space age paradise, and I dont think I'll stop playing for a long long time. Second thing I have to say, Some of you fellow players have some tough builds, looking forward to fighting more!All shock and awe aside... THis game is great! You make custom ships, which then form into a custom fleet, which you use to dominate your quandrant of unlimited space. Succeed in that? Well, good things theres wormholes to new guardrants! Unlockable factions (by fighting them), which grant new games with different difficulties, builds, and weapons!I was and am a fan of Robocraft because of its custom capabillity and design. However, robocraft in 2D space? YES.I would like to thank the Devs, the players (even the ones whose Agents gave me a tough time), and everything that lead to this game's exsistance. 10/10 will dominate the galaxy again!"
,Recommended,329130,17787737,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,C.R.,Awesome game!
,Recommended,329130,16742335,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,RetroHaamu,"It's creative, it's relaxing and it's fun! Thats all you need to know."
,Recommended,329130,16747712,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,R4Z0RW1R3,"I must say, I don't come back to games that often.But this is one of those gems that I can't leave alone for longer than a week or so, it's a masterpiece.The idea? Make a ship, blow up other ships, farm resources, make an army, use the aforementioned army to destroy other ships and make your faction inevitably powerful and build super destroyers, for the sake of entertainment.But it's so much more than that, it has beautiful graphics (even on lower settings), doesn't destroy your framerate, allows free building of pretty much whatever you want, in terms of ships / stations, the only part of this game that I feel is lacking is in both the modding and sandbox areas.They could use a little work, not for me, but for those inexperienced in the usage of command lines.Aside from that, if you like action/exploration, then take up this game, i've had 90+ hours on it and I'm still not bored.^^"
,Recommended,329130,16488035,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,A Trikicat,"If you're a sucker for design-it-and-fail kind of games (like I am), then this game will be the crack to your addiction. The simplistic parts that you get to design your ship with is all you need to create the coolest looking space-ships this side of the galaxy. It's not as simple as ""plug the device on and go"", you need to build your ship CORRECTLY or it won't maneuver through space! Don't have enough retro-thrusters? You better hope you can back off the enemy fast enough by turning (and not dying from losing your back end). Didn't think you needed thrusters to turn? Guess you're going in one direction infinitely. It's a constant failure zone, and I just LOVE IT!It's a very grindy game, so if you don't like grinding, I would certainly stay away. And the sandbox mode isn't very intuitive either. I tried to build something in the constructor (in the sandbox mode), and I didn't even get things to build with. Don't get fooled with sandbox mode, it isn't a free build-any-ship-for-free mode @.@ If you don't mind grinding as you play different factions (have to unlock them), then you'll find HOURS upon HOURS trying new designs and seeing if they stack up with the best.24 hours of Gameplay later:This game is even better!  Again the game is grindy, but the different factions (without mods) force you to build your ships in different patterns. Have a good design for faction 1 (Terrans)? You're not using it on Faction 4 because there are no long-triangle blocks! The only downside with ship-building, is when you test your ship against others' you need to fight these really cheap min-maxed ships that do nothing but fly backwards when your ship catches up with every default ship in the game; actually it's the CPU attacking the other ships, but it's still cheap tactics that win.Also, the sandbox mode isn't as convoluted as I first thought. I can create any ship I want with the right commands, and even see the default ship palettes for each faction. Unfortunately this isn't explained very well and you need a tutorial outside of the game to understand which commands do what (and that Faction 1 is actually Faction 8 for example). You can still build any ship you want in your save game, but the sandbox is very misleading (not much of a sandbox :/ More of a programmer's blank sheet of paper). I'm still getting my money's worth out of the game; Time to conquer the galaxy!"
,Recommended,329130,16652556,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Narnach,"I started playing and before I knew it, 5 hours had passed. This game is fun & addictive. It's a strange mix between bullet hell shooters, real-time strategy and Spore (the species evolution game).Build & customize your ship, research new building blocks, add on a factory, start producing ships for your fleet, build space stations, conquer the map. This last bit... tough!The ship builder/designer is a game unto itself. Construct a ship by taking your command module and attaching blocks to it. Armor blocks, engines, power generators, harvesters, automated turrets, manual fire weapons, missile launchers, drone launchers, etc. Then press the test button and watch the AI duke it out in an arena against 5 different ships with similar construction cost in 1 vs 1 battles. It will highlight strengths & weaknesses... and it'll give you more information on how to further tweak the perfect ship.I think I spent over half of my time with this game in the ship builder and battle simulator. It's just so much fun!"
76561198052277700,Recommended,329130,16659282,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,nv,"Wow.This game is phenomenal. A true gem. It's like a rabbit hole that goes far deeper than you would assume at face value.There is a lot of hidden depth in this game, from the simplistic yet very rewarding ship construction to the different ways varying races specialize, such as farmers who can cultivate plants into resources as opposed to annihilating all who oppose them with gigantic rail guns.The game also boasts aesthetically beautiful fully destructable ships and environments, and a gorgeous soundtrack to boot.In a lot of ways this game has me thinking this is what Spore should have been. Only with living spaceships.Buy this game. Support awesome developers."
,Recommended,329130,16662556,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Apendite,"I just purchased this game, and I am already blown away by everything. It is one of those games that will take some time to build up to the point where you can take on everything that comes your way, but it's worth it in the end. The amount of effort makes it worth it. This games' controls remind me of ROCKETSROCKETSROCKETS, in sort of a spinny, out of control type of way. Thats what makes it fun tho. Would definitely recommend. 20/10"
,Recommended,329130,16664016,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Baron von Espy,"Extremely enjoyable and addictive. I really like crafting ships in a way that truely changes how it behaves with sort of old school Master of Orion garphic style reinvented. Not a hugely indepth game compared to a 4X but what it does, Reassamble does very well."
,Recommended,329130,16569528,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,andrew.c9k,You have a better chance at quitting a meth addition...Great F@$%^$@ Game :P
76561197999482687,Recommended,329130,16570589,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Stovax_X,"You really do get lost in building spaceships, and the only feeling i remember of doing that in this game is that of my childhood when playing lego...spaceships is all i liked makeing :P. Great game."
76561198167489046,Recommended,329130,16558985,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,xXGRIM_REAPERXx,plz multiplayer
,Recommended,329130,16561737,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Braedon,"Reassembly is a 2D vector graphics based space shooter where the only objective is to conquer and destroy everything else. You start in a small ship in your own faction with only one station to your name. You gain resources by destroying enemy faction ships, collecting resources from nearby asteroids, and expanding your territory by activating unused stations. Once you have enough resources, you can design your very own ships to the fullest degree as they are no mandatory templates or spaceship hulls to work off of. You can build ships that can build other ships on the fly and command a fleet of your custom made ships. All the blocks that make up a ship must be researched first, and the only way to gain blocks to your ""datastore"" is to destroy enemy ships with said block.*** Pros ***Vector graphics and particle effects mean zero load times and small game size (~100 MB)Custom build all ships from movement to weapon systemsExtensive tutorial to teach the games mechanicsHigh replayability as you can unlock other factions shipsGood soundtrack and sound effects*** Cons ***Large battles can get confusing because of particle effects"
,Recommended,329130,16513919,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Demon Cleaner,"The game I've been looking for. Reassembly is easy to understand, rough to master, with multiple different ship construction strategies that may or may not work, whether alone or together.Your objective is to collect resources to upgrade and build your ship(s), eventually providing your ship with a factory block that can spawn a fleet for you. Enemies are generated off of other players' designs, copied through the use of wormholes, keeping you however from ever encountering real players, just AI versions of their fleets.Pros:-No frame drops, I've rarely been lowered in video quality throughout my time playing-Expansive maps, plenty of sectors generated swiftly with new stations to capture and factions to fight-Comfortable building interface, with useful tools like mirror and copy and paste to make everything much faster to build, putting you in the fight sooner, plus a lot of weapons and tools to make specialized ships like drone swarm spawners, rocket carronades, snipers, etc.-Nice artstyle. Very minimalistic, but it is still nonetheless fun to watch your ships ""reassemble"" as the new parts are traced and come to life in the middle of a battle-No loading screens. Literally none.-Test feature, which pits your newly made ship against another of the same value to test its strength in a real battle, before you try and fly a space dumpster into a battle and waste timeCons:-Slightly repetitive soundtrack. Good music, but it seems to loop a lot. Maybe I'm just playing too much :P-Instructions and controls must be looked up a couple times to learn how to do everything (ie Toggle hud, commision fleet ships, set child cycles for your fleet's ships, etc)-My biggest problem: Ship control. Most games like this have the WASD keys stay in a locked position of North, West, South, East. This game, however, orients control around your crosshair, meaning you have to constantly check which way your shape is facing and reorient yourself to fly properly. Very hard to get used to.All in all, I'm giving it a 8/10. Fantastic game, and I highly recommend it, I would just like to see some new features implemented and that movement control thing given a second option.Things I want to See Implemented:-Co-op multiplayer. Allow a friend to join you in your faction and grow alongside you. Perhaps a combining force of an intelligent gunship and bot spawning mother-ship, I thought this would make a fantastic duo.-New music-New weapons and hull parts/utillity pieces, some ideas are:> Repair drone. Accelerates rebuild speed.> Cloaking system> Repulsion/Attraction blocks, for pulling in enemies into short range weapons or pushing them away from a long range ship> Kamikazee drones. Name says it all> Barrier construction. Some kind of attachment that uses resources to build walls for defense, or maybe even dispense some kind of acid or magma to ward off pursuers.> Parasite drone. A drone that embeds into the core of a ship and changes its faction, rebuilding it and putting it in your fleet, maybe even copying the schematic into your inventorySo those are my ideas and reviews of the game, hope it helped and you agree!"
,Recommended,329130,16520246,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Taka,Nice game ! some day i would like to see a coop multiplayer added :)
,Recommended,329130,16605646,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Jew Guy,So addicting and fun it made fallout boring to me!!
,Recommended,329130,16610039,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Callak Skytower,"One word....  addicting.  Two words, challenging.  I love the sound track as well which is quite relaxing, and helps with the frustration of the challenge of the game.  As a kid, me and my brother used to draw depictions of various space ships with their special weapons in mid battle.  This game is like being able to participate in that battle real time.  Brings back memories and makes it very difficult to stop playing!  XD"
76561197970364622,Recommended,329130,16611050,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,InControl,Great game. Each of the factions feels unique and the replayability is amazing.
76561198069896504,Recommended,329130,16612551,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,TheShocker,"If you are hesitant on if you should buy this game or not. Buy it! I've owned the game for a week and have already play 16 hours. As many other reviewers have said this game is very addicting. Starting as a small ship the size of a VW Bug, and then destroying other faction's ships and harvesting resources to become a ship the size of an aircraft carrier or 5. On top of that, your main ship can♥♥♥♥♥♥out other ships that you've designed, which will attack what you've locked on to.And once you've had enough with one faction, you've unlocked others you can now start a new campaign with. Other factions have different strengths and weaknesses. Buy it."
76561198009126073,Recommended,329130,16614374,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Geier,"It's great.  Less than a week by this point and over 55 hours clocked.  If you like desiging ships, be them silly or serious, this game will reward you.  It's fun to design and test each vessel and all while your faction adapts your designs and tweaking designs is easy and intuitive.  The AI is okay, but it's major strength is your own customization.  It has high replay value and if you want 100% completion on any one game it's tough as nails.  It's exactly what I look for in a video game.  You get out of it what you put into it."
,Recommended,329130,16495068,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,min473,"*AMAZING*This is a beautifull game that makes you rage when the other factions kill you brutally and joy when you destroy their cities to death.Ok now to the true review.CONTENT:This game is full of content:from giga weapons to strange asteroids that explode on contact,every faction has its own weapons and parts that makes you feel you are playing a different game when you switch faction.The map is HUGE and every time different with tons of biomes.GRAPHICS:The game graphics are extremely simple but beautifull at the same time,they are very clean and outlined with lit colors.CHALLENGE:You'll start with a small weak ship and you are going to build your way up to a powerfull mother ship with hundreds of drones...at least if the other factions don't destroy you first:every faction is hostile,no one will help you except some ships and some stations that are from the same faction as you.So the game is very hard at the start but in the end it's easy as eating a piece of cake.ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE:While in combat the ai is formidable,3 ships can kill you in no time dodging all of your hits,into  the travel factor they often crash in to asteroids.Multiplayer:WARNING MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS.I'VE WARNED YOU.Ok now i can talk.The multiplayer factor  is divided into two parts:wormholes and tournament mode.Wormholes:While exploring your world you could find worholes ,with them you can do two things:send your fleet in the world of another player(it's random),the sent fleet will spawn as an ""agent"" that whill destroy the players stations,or you can travel physically in to another world that is different from the one that you were in.Tournament:In tournament mode you can challenge other players in a fight between fleets(you can select the ones that you have built in single player).Final vote: 10/10"
,Recommended,329130,16500090,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Jopsy,"Taps straight into my need to tinker/experiment and refine, without dissolving into the usual option-paralysis that build&fly games usually have with endless numbers of components or useless decoration.   Love the simple artistic style, the ambient music and mostly intuitive building interface.   I still need more practice with flying.The only negative I can think of is the over-zealous 'auto-zoom' feature, which is easily disabled."
76561198093230740,Recommended,329130,15666700,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Wolf,Great game!The only thing I'm missing is the other factions to play as.If that could be added the game would be perfect!
,Recommended,329130,15671217,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,majikthise,One of the few games in my library with 100+ hours on it :)
,Recommended,329130,16109396,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,ryry117,>Conquered half a galaxy and went through wormhole to see what other galaxies were like.>Can't even keep a sector under control in new galaxy>build giant♥♥♥♥♥♥♥death machine>galaxy is mine10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥♥machine again
,Recommended,329130,15587957,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Original Ben,"For the 8 hours i have played, the one and only thing i really would like in this game is a co-op mode type thing, where you and your friend/friends can go and make a new faction from the ground up. This is what i really want."
76561198025582931,Recommended,329130,15589066,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,palidine40,"It has the most beautiful, sweet, calm, serene, scenic, twirling death scenes and the best feature a top down space shooter can have, build your ship out of parts available using a gradual point buy. Early game learning curve is a little ugly but they give enough info that you can Seuss it out. I can see this game going somewhere."
76561198075993539,Recommended,329130,16131210,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Ycarire,"Step 1: Build Giant Battleship with TONS of ArmorStep 2: Crash Giant Battleship on a Giant space RockStep 3: Watch puny little fighters attack your STRONK Battleship and laughStep 4: Watch a Bigger, Better, Giant-er Battleship destroy your crashed Battleship and cryStep 5: Build Bigger Battleship and crash on a Bigger Space RockStep 6: RepeatSeriously though this is a VERY Good and addicting game10/10"
,Recommended,329130,16079005,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Horus Lupercal,"Prepare to spend most of your gameplay on constructing your spaceship, and rage quitting in the process.otherwise, great, repetitive gameplay."
76561198118995407,Recommended,329130,16068479,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Man Morter,It is an awsome build your own battle ship 2D game you fight other crafts unlock weapons in my opinnion its my favorite game.
,Recommended,329130,16528537,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Spencer_white,"I absolutly love this game in every way!!! people say graphics mean alot, but i honestly think better graphics would have ruined the experience!"
76561198025955996,Recommended,329130,16531012,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,EnzeeeJ,"hey, i bought this game on sale... LOVE IT!!!! but one glitch/error, when i try to enter a wormhole and either choose follow or stay, it says: error, something about a bad connection.please fis this because i am stuck in 1 galaxy now."
,Recommended,329130,23944285,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,MrFlipside,"This is a really fun game that bears a resemblence, visually, to the old vector-graphics games such as Battlezone or Asteroids, but bought forward into a much more modern environment.Like many space games of this type, you start out with almost nothing, a tiny ship with very little firepower that is going to die against most other ships it encounters, but that's ok, because you aren't alone. Scattered around near you are bases and ships of your own faction that you can, with a bit of strategic thinking, use to your advantage to defeat even large enemies. Just be careful not to drag anything TOO powerful over to one of your bases.You can earn money by gathering resources and selling them. These can be obtained from harvesting space 'plants' that can produce resources in various ways, or from destroyed vessels. This money can then be spent on parts that can be added to your ship, and that's where the real fun begins.The ship editor is, simply put, brilliant. You can drag and drop parts onto your ship to create a vast array of different craft, and once a craft is designed, your own faction stations will ALSO build those ships (alongside the standard designs), so you will see your own vessels and stations being used as part of the overall design of the map.Physics apply, it might seem like a good idea to build a small ship with an enormous cannon on it (or a large ship with several), until you find yourself being thrown backwards every time you shoot, the positioning of things like thrusters will affect the manouverability of your ship etc, which means you actually have to think about the design of your vessel, and yet somehow the whole thing feels simple to use and doesn't over-complicate itself. Each faction is unique and requires a different approach to vessel design and gameplay, so you can either choose a faction that suits your style, or attempt the challenge of one that requires you to leave your gaming comfort-zone.The music works incredibly well with the game, and takes me instantly back to the late '90's with groups such as 'Future Sound of London', and that works incredibly well with the visual themes.Even the issues I CAN think of are largely based around things like Mods that use vast quantities of things like drones or missiles, causing the game to AI-lag or possibly even crash, or the fact that, in factions that have resource-generation modules such as Solar Panels, you can build an enormous ship filled with these modules and your factions A.I will become obsessed with them, pumping them out seemingly in preference to fighting-vessels.In summary, this is a 4x game stripped down to its core, and it works brilliantly. Very much worth the investment."
,Recommended,329130,23908003,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,themonkeyman,"not the longest game, but really good none the less"
76561198015794228,Recommended,329130,23912782,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,BBQ Sauce,"This game is amazing, and a bargain. This reminds me of an open world 2D side scrolling Minecraft/Kerbal Space Program crossover built of merciless combat."
,Recommended,329130,23507188,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Devastator,"Game of the dreams, though custom weaponry only accessible through modding, still i had a lot of fun with it.Ship building possibilities are nearly limitless.Be aware of uncontrolled time consumption!i'd rate it 8/10. There could be more scenario-like stuff to add more to the game."
76561198017828995,Recommended,329130,23505837,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Billydash,"Good fun but aggrovating.This is no empire building game,ut more about building, being destroyed and starting again.Build fleet, be destroyed and start againbuild fleet, be destroyed and start againbuild fleet, be destroyed and start again.Not even gameplay but game setupSave, return, be destoyed immediately without even seeing why."
,Recommended,329130,19929878,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Dexious,"Great game, pretty much that one spaceship constructing game i've wanted see and play as a child.Workshop content makes it better, you can also create your own faction and upload it to the workshop, even if it's just a vanilla save with your ships in it.Community tournaments allows players to pit their creations against other people's ships, it's fun to watch, even if your own ships get destroyed in the tournaments.I just wish there was more things to do other than campaign, tournament and sandbox though, maybe missions or something..."
76561198116822462,Recommended,329130,16011826,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,shepardfikson,"well you have free variant of reassembly now and its multiplayer its called istrolid, no need to instal reassembly or buy it anymore. this has better pve gameplay, but istrolid is free..."
76561198003181194,Recommended,329130,23455335,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,[LG]Jimmy,Fun little space shooter game. Your success or failure is heavily dependent on your skill at building successful starships. It has a high degree of replayabilty. The AI quality makes this a decent sandbox due to the fact that the factions and the world is not static; unlike other sandbox games where the game is effectively frozen in time unless you do something.
,Recommended,329130,23545191,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,[BoTM] [GS]Ourous,"Feels like a blend of Geometry Wars & FTL, very nice."
76561197970533652,Recommended,329130,15936958,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Dejim,"This one is pretty original and addictive.Its a 2D space shooter with RPG / progression elements.The original part is that the RPG elements are all in the design of your ship.  You'll progress by designing better shaped and more capable craft as you go, and the designing mode itself is a lot of fun."
76561198193483626,Recommended,329130,16003809,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Spork,"Honestly one of the flat out coolest games I've ever played. The whole feel of the game, how it's organic yet futuristic and simple yet extremely complex is just awesome to me. It's a game that invites you to show off your creativity and ingenuity, and really makes you proud of your progress and what you've achieved no matter how far into the game you are, even if you're already been there in a previous save. Easy to learn, hard (but extremely fun) to master. Well worth the 15 bucks, would highly recommend."
,Recommended,329130,25274729,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,magic.crafter,A very fun and interesting game. I like building up my ship so much that i can just shoot through asteroids instead of slowing down and evading them. Simple yet complex. Lots of fun for such a small game.
76561198121204408,Recommended,329130,17386297,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,that guy you may Know,"this game of all games has to be my favorate the music the look the everything just keeps me coming back i bought it when it was 30$ now its 15$ and im not even mad. Get this game you will be satisfied-1,000,000/10 would stare at screen in amasment for hours again"
76561198072217217,Recommended,329130,25405431,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,jbec1901,Wow this game is sooooo good Im thinking of making lp on it.(also you look like my friends Noah and Van had a kid)
,Recommended,329130,24062109,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Kropolis,">backtrack kills enemy in a clutch battle>core gets shot out from rest of ship from stray enemy laser>wait for core to regenerate rest of ship>own ship's debris destroys core10/10, would make homicidal debris again"
,Recommended,329130,25338118,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Stat Trak™ Bread,"One of the best games that I have ever played. If I could, I would play this game every single hour of every single day. :)"
,Recommended,329130,22144366,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Dr. Png,WeeWeeWooWoo
76561198154477414,Recommended,329130,25988111,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,HarveyDent15,10/10 would make giant starships and conquer the galaxy again.P.S. MODS
,Recommended,329130,27143068,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MHJ,"Reassembly is the type of game every kid dreams up in math class.  The difference is this guy made it, and it's great!"
,Recommended,329130,26446464,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Kragthor [IBFH],"For $15, this game is great.  For less, it's a steal.Build your own ship out of geometrically interllocking modules.  Guns, shields, power plants, armor, missiles, mines, and a dizzying array of other parts are combined however you see fit.  Make the most efficient design, and compete in the arena mode.  Make a troll face, or some other silly phallic themed space vessel.  Make a hopelessly flawed design, and enjoy the challenge of trying to overcome vastly superior foes.  Whatever, I don't care - it's a free country, do whatever your dark heart desires.  That's the point.  This is a game about dogfighting, exploring a universe full of player designs, and evolving your own designs to meet new threats.That being said, it does get stale after a bit.  I sort of wish there was a story mode.I still played for more hours in this game than I did in No Man's Sky.16 quintillion/18 quintillion."
76561198014028724,Recommended,329130,26080426,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Dbl_Jay_C,"First time I write a review for a game on Steam,I felt this game was deserving it.Imagine creating an ant colony in space, but having the ability to customize 100% of everything about your swarm,  this game feels like that.It is the first game I play where I feel like i'm actually not the God of my army or colony, but part of something that is bigger, growing stronger.The physics is beautifully crafted, and even though the graphics are simple, the gazzilions of things on your screen at the same time makes an art of itself, no need for texture, the world is texturing itself with polygons and quads, no intervention required...The World is just big, like f..ing huge, and if that wasn't enough, there are wormholes getting you to yet another universe to conquer...Plenty of races to conquer and find, only your imagination can stop you from advancing further...The crafting for building ship, station, is very simple, yet extremely detailed, working with mass vs speed vs physix is realy cool, and gives your brain an opportunity to try things,It is the best game I have found myself grounded to my chair for 6 hours in a row ( 9h pm till 3h am ), in a realy big while, this game just did it.Gratz to the dev, a very original and addictive game,Hope to see a Multiplayer friendly version sometime soon, maybe with some persistent server ( like a game of 30 days etc )"
76561198330511898,Recommended,329130,26189021,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,joshuacoffman32,I bought this game at about 9pm local last night. I didn't sleep. I stayed up for well over twelve hours straight playing this game after a long day at work.Well done!
76561198070721323,Recommended,329130,26866297,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Chirpy,What isn't fun about making a flying shuriken that tears through asteroids and massive fleets within seconds and then rebuilds itself into a massive mothership that spawns even bigger ships???
,Recommended,329130,26822642,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Superdude4567,Buy. This. Game. Now.
,Recommended,329130,26850844,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Phoon,"No matter how much I play this game I will alawys come back for more! The music is AMAZING, the graphics are good, the machanics are great and the whole consept it perfect. Being able to make my own ship how I want it and fly it around destroying other factions is so much fun. There are so many parts to build with and use so there is no lack of things to make. I give the game a 10/10. Would recommend to anyone."
,Recommended,329130,26543069,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,A Large Sack Of Meat,"I first saw this game on kickstarter. I loved the way it looked. I watched the tournments leading up to the games release, looked even better. I bought it on one of the first days it was on steam, it was also the first game I bought on steam. 10/10"
76561198082845456,Recommended,329130,26703596,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Billy O,Fun space game.  8 (I think) factions with different styles of ship blocks that you can use to construct your own personalized space ships.  Create customized fleets and lead them into battle to conquer and battle other ships.  The best part of this game is that user created ships get saved to the developers' website and are uploaded to battle against as AI enemies after you warp out of the 1st sector you begin in.  Fun and Inexpensive.
,Recommended,329130,25833151,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,warturtle99,This is a great game if you like to build and then fight with it. This is a lot easer to understand than From the Depths.9.5/10
76561198074625094,Recommended,329130,25511967,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,A Stoned Peasant,"To give you an idea of how good this game is, just know that i pirated it and fell in love with it. You see guys, this game is so good that i came 'round and bought it when i didn't even need to. 15 bucks for a 150mb game (at most) and it's totally worth it.It is a huge sandbox made of ""voxels"" (hate that word) that lets you do what you want from the very start. You can build ships anyway you want, create the perfect fleet, conquer the map (it ain't easy), or just explore. Not to mention the mods that can do so much... Some make the game bigger, some remove certain limits so you can build humongous ships, some add factions, some transform the world into Star Wars, etc...I spent at least a hundred hours on the version I (shamefully) pirated and i ain't done playing. This game is worth every penny."
76561198057241222,Recommended,329130,25473326,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Soup Can,"I never write reviews on Steam, but I believe Reassembly has earned one. This game is easily worth the pricetag. The gameplay is fun, with nice yet easy-to-run graphics and good control scheme (rebindable too). The factions each have their own strength and weaknesses. My favorite is the Tinkerell faction; their modular guns can plow through any obstacle. My best experience is with the games many mods. Many add new factions, adding more enjoyment. My favorite mod removes the P limit and allows you to build ships easily 30 times over the normal limit. Combine that with the Tinkerell and you get weapons akin to the Deathstar with engines. With a simple FWOOM it pierces through asteroids and obliterates a station sectors over.Pros:-Fun and modifiable controls-Plays on almost any PC-Many factions and weapons-Ungodly mod support that brings your enemies to their knees-DeathstarCons:-The Command mode could be more fleshed out, allowing for bigger and better battles-AI could use improvement, I've had my own fleet push me into many bad situations (asteroids)-I think Anisoptera is stealing my soul"
76561198210795041,Recommended,329130,25427658,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,tamedphoenix,it wont let me play anymore for some reason
76561198075485600,Recommended,329130,25430792,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,ScollopSky,Absolutely love it!
76561198035820538,Recommended,329130,27449710,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Milionchihuahaz,This is a great game. tons of replay value and an endless amount of way to build ships. still have trouble walking away from this game.
76561198032424803,Recommended,329130,24792422,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Wehrsportyoga,"Very pretty, simple core but quite long-lasting (if sometimes a bit meditative) fun. Definitely something you can return to over and over again."
76561198092046744,Recommended,329130,24794470,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Taco Over1ord,"It's a very simple game, but it's one of the best space games I've played in a very long time."
,Recommended,329130,24752644,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,DimaKrepost,"-Controls were wonky at first, but after about 4 hours I found how to change them.-The space feels big at first, then you're trying to cram a 50+ ship armada through an asteroid field.-I wish the more ""powerful"" races had some more variety. The first 3 are very multi-functional.Farmers are the most powerful faction. Get an environment and you will dominate."
,Recommended,329130,24908320,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Ozcaty,"Can I just express my love for this game real quickIf you've played Boss constructor, this game trumps is in every wayI absolutely love the graphics, the strategy and this game, its amazing.One thing, there are like 18 races, only 7 are availiable to the player...MAKE THE REST AVAILIABLE!! Thanks <3 (Highly Reccomended)"
,Recommended,329130,25025130,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,e-lectro,"If you like building games and space games with neat, ambient soundtracks, rave-space battles, and massive spaceships, this is the game for you. On an unrelated note, it's also extraordinarily easy to mod, which allows for really interesting stuff to be made."
76561198124672678,Recommended,329130,25029848,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Sol,"I love the game, however the only problem, it can get incredibly repetitve, activating stations, travelling to another dimension and doing the same. The real fun in the game is the diversity between the existing races, each race has to be played in its own way, as well as that, you have to design new ships as they will be used by your faction. This gives many differing ways to accomplish your goal, a surgical strike with the help of fellow ships, a massive invasion as a factory ship, or idly stand by as your fleet advances with your designs. To conclude, the game gives you a single goal with many ways of achieving you goal."
,Recommended,329130,24654692,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,CRIMSN,"A game that makes you build a ship that can rule an empire, without a fast strong ship anytime you explore you take a chance of getting annihilated by any random factions gunships. Never start a fight when you don't have backup, because the probably do. The game can have you playing for days if you let it, the need to build a strong empire and the calming music will make you lose track of time.10/10 for the cool ships."
76561197972566562,Recommended,329130,24717366,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Sourlout,Very fun game.Enjoyed unlocking the different races and playing around with their unique build blocks.
76561198190000798,Recommended,329130,30835577,Posted: 30 March,all,Space Stalin,I can say this about this game its absolutly brilliant i personnaly have no problems with it and the modding communtiy is brilliant all round amoung one of the best games on steamPS Just my opinion
,Recommended,329130,24646575,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Dxpress,"The game is pretty good. The gameplay is solid, the soundtrack is nice, and creating your own fleet of ships is probably the most fun part of the game in my opinion.But to be honest, I got bored of the game after only 100 hours, even after downloading some workshop stuff.You have a nice foundation here, but the one thing the game's lacking is just content in general. There's not much to do except shoot other ships.I hope more content will be coming eventually to this game."
,Recommended,329130,24513260,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Rymn [GE][BFG(Guardian)],Very fun game
76561198049695512,Recommended,329130,24663180,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Praytock,10/10 Love this game.Keeps me coming back to play more after small breaks.
76561198146792806,Recommended,329130,24063686,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,SOme OnE SaVe mE,An awesome multi-player needing game to enjoy.
,Recommended,329130,24039236,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Darknuke,"Surprisingly fun. Once you get the hang of how to make a good ship, this game becomes really enjoyable. Though it doesn't have much lasting value imo. Got about 5 or 6 hours out of it. I didn't see anyone playing multiplayer either."
76561198293908080,Recommended,329130,24149021,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,dbasile,"Great ship building game. Its very fun to tweak your ship design until it handles just the way you want and has the perfect balance of agility, armor, and firepower. Amazing soundtrack.Tinkrel 2 gud. MLG snipz 4 dayz. Plz nerf."
,Recommended,329130,24126813,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Natetron,"If you have ever played a flash game called ""ShellCore Command"" and you enjoyed the ship construction aspect of it then you will love this game, Vibrant Colors, Soothing gameplay and the steam workshop make this game fun to play. Fun for daaaaaaaaayyys. Some workshop items clash with each other causing instability but if you remove the offenders than it will work perfectly. Music pairs amazing with gameplay. 10.3/10.7 (V) (,;,;,) (V) Worth the money."
76561198062146665,Recommended,329130,24031257,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,david,"A very good game.  I'm not sure why it hasn't had the hype it deserves, hugely underrated.And the soundtrack is fantastic.There's a steep learning curve, and a tutorial/guide to take you through the key steps would be really useful to newbies who may otherwise find it intimidating/confusing."
,Recommended,329130,27736209,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Chaos6505*Qc,a most play! very fun.
,Recommended,329130,31341876,Posted: 24 April,all,Norric,"A really fun and creative space exploration game.Sure, you don't get to go around discovering planets amd whatnot, but it sure is fun building a fleet with the factory on your ship and taking over the other factions' nodes in the galaxy. Another thing that is great is the ability to build and customize your own ships.This game is great if you enjoy topdown shooters and its a nice little gem that can keep you entertained for a few hours.4/5"
76561198318678573,Recommended,329130,31258099,Posted: 20 April,all,pillowa8,First of all I would totally recommend this game if your that type of person who likes 2D games. I really enjoyed the 19.2 hrs I have played on this game and I will play more. EXTREMELY FUN ESPECIALLY WITH MODS!
76561198156707555,Recommended,329130,32698491,Posted: 23 June,all,BetaNumeric,"I have spent a few hours in Reassembly, and wow, I love it. I enjoy building new ships, exploring, and just listening to the soundtrack. I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys getting deeply immersed, as that's what happens to me when I play it."
76561198038868694,Recommended,329130,32787603,Posted: 25 June,all,Oobarsten,"Absolutely great game.  I waited several months for this one to go on sale and I don't regret a single moment of that wait.  It's better than I thought it would be and it will provide me with hours of entertainment.You create ship for yourself and your faction, expand your factions territory, gather fleets, fight player made factions, upgrade parts, and overall thrash and get thrashed in an epic open world Astroid like space shooter.10/10"
,Recommended,329130,32893142,Posted: 27 June,all,nixx,a game that once you play it becomes very hard to put down either from trying to make the srongest ship to trying to conquer the entire galaxy or just destroy any ship thats not from your faction plus a variety of workshop mods to change things up highly recommend
76561198007500966,Recommended,329130,29740315,Posted: 6 February,all,Seaninaf,"Game is unplayable, it constantly crashes."
,Recommended,329130,32951407,Posted: 28 June,all,Reimurs | Autist Buddha,Great 2D Spacebuilder. 9/10
76561198043822724,Recommended,329130,33114479,Posted: 1 July,all,HotshotBlackburn,"This game doesn't get enough love for what it has to offer - I could find relatively little information about it online aside from this page and the wikia for it. A highly stylized space game that's half ship design building and half arcade-style gunning, with no messy plot or other details to get in your way other than 'grow, kill, expand'.The best part, for me at least, is the ability to see your ship grow from a piddly fighter that needs to run and gun against all but the smallest of enemies to a capital ship bristling with weapons. You can also be the commander of a fleet which is...well, uh, not that good TBH. The AI is fair, but depending on your skill with ships the others will lag behind your inevitable beast of a main ship and have a tendency to get themselves caught in you or pieces of terrain. Still, it's not too damning and there's nothing like a full on war between your ships and two-three other factions to show why the game is amazing!Other cons to note: the Spiky Plants and Bees with MESS YOUR FPS UP if you♥♥♥♥♥♥them off, so don't. You'll also find sectors controlled by other factions and it's because there's literally one tiny ship flying around that dodges all your weapon fire. Minor elements, but still worth noting."
,Recommended,329130,15237545,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Mas,An amazing game! I really love this game because its a new experience every time I play with so many factions to choose from!! :)
,Recommended,329130,15229265,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Headless,"This is a fun game that can be played casually while still offering some intense moments. The choice of different factions offers some degree of gameplay balancing: for a difficult play choose race 2, or for easier gameplay, race 4. Tons of fun building and testing my creations against community builds and those of my friends, and when you unleash an armada of ships through a wormhole you will chuckle right up to the point that you run into someone elses death fleet and get hammered. 10/10"
76561197982567490,Recommended,329130,15230023,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Nathaniel Prime,"A touch rough around the edges, but a really fun ship-building system! Definitely get this if you want to custom-build your ships, from intercepters all the way to gigantic capital ships!"
76561198022305651,Recommended,329130,15192856,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,{Dark}Technica,Probably one of the best games ive played in years. If you like spaceships buy this.
76561198025439266,Recommended,329130,15322184,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,yeza,"after over 100 hours of playing reassembly i can say i really like it. it could use some extra building blocks, more interesting weapons and stuff, but it is a solid and fun game. if you dont care much about gfx and just enjoy a good gaming experience in an old school design, this is something you will like."
,Recommended,329130,15268302,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Scáth,"This game is amazing! If you like designing spaceships, creating fleets, and taking over the universe I would recommend you give this game a fair shake!"
,Recommended,329130,15017656,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,~☭~ The Eternal Alchemy ~☭~,My Little Spaceship Lego sets. Go wild.
76561198086554974,Recommended,329130,15087126,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Op_Gheist01,"The game is fun, and I love the customization. You have to build your ships to match your environment, and play style/skill. The battles are intense, and very frantic at times.But then there are agents.An agent in this game is another player's fleet, uploaded and ugly. The problem with agents is two fold:a) They are usually better equipped than you are.b) They actively destroy your stations/territory.Agents suck. Make it a priority to destroy them. Leave, harvest, min max, eradicate."
76561198040753583,Recommended,329130,15021009,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Orr,Aliens forgot to water some space plants and now they're♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10 would prune again.
,Recommended,329130,15022471,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Arachin,"A great 2D space game leveraging a simple but versatile geometric ship-building system. You and your fleet blast and farm your way across the expanses, which are densely populated with both dev and player-made hostiles. It's not multiplayer, but the opportunity to share your creations with others, and pit yourself against theirs gives great replayability.With a bunch of playable 'races', each with their unique build palette, and a spot-on musical accompaniment, this is a game you'll enjoy sinking time into... A lot of time.[7.0]"
76561198076576861,Recommended,329130,15215276,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Alex2838,Lots of fun!
,Recommended,329130,15218454,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Alptraum,"Great game, I'd even go as far as to call it superb. Basically you start as a small ship being part of a faction. You go around collecting resources and fighting enemy ships, bringing the resources back to your base or to motherships to be rewarded C (the ""money"" currency in the game). C is used to upgrade the max points you can spend on your ship, meaning you can create bigger ships with better guns and upgrades. C is also used to buy new weapons and things like shields you can put on your ships. You can recruit other ships also with C but it's a stupid thing to do since you won't really earn any C if you spend it on getting allies.So you go around the galaxy, restoring your faction's stations and earning C and resources by doing so, destroying ships and their stations to enlarge your territory, but the enemy factions do the same thing to you. They destroy your stations and your hive ships and as you are expanding your territory in one direction, it's easy to lose your grip in another part of the galaxy meaning you have to upgrade all the ships in your faction as you unlock more total points to spend on ships, otherwise they will be too fragile when the enemies attack your base. You personally customize all the ships in your faction any way you want to, mixing functionality with design or just going flat out functionality with ugly ships.After a while when you've earned a ton of C, upgrading the total points you can spend on ships, you start to build hive ships which can create new ships. You get to choose 4 ships that you can create but you can replace those ships whenever you want to without replacing the already built ships, meaning you can build 4 ships of a certain type then switch them out and build the next 4 while keeping the ones you already built so you can basically have a whole fleet of all the ships in your faction. This is when the game becomes fun for me because now, you're basically free to do whatever you want to. You started as a drone for your faction and now you have become a moving station, building ships from the resources you and the ships you produced gather for you, growing your fleet larger and larger all the time being able to take on more difficult enemy factions. Or you could just stay as a fighter ship if you're into that, collecting resources for your faction and letting it expand on its own."
,Recommended,329130,15286921,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,sprayedon,"I love this game. Spent hours, no days building and optimizing spaceship designs. This is a designer's game.Pros:-The controls are flexable so you can fly however you want, a very welcome feature in these top down 2D games.-The attention to detail in physics is incredible, e.g. if your ship has no off-axis thrusters, it turns really slowly.-Open ended - no one strategy to dominate. You can go for speed, armor, shields, range, or build cost. Or you can just be a farmer or a gatherer.-Multiple races - just when you think you've optimized a ship series for a particular race, you can play a different race with different abilities and different parts!-Really pretty-Self-building ships: the trouble with other building games (e.g. StarMade) is that you always have to rebuild your ship after a battle. In this game you don't worry about that, although there are design strategies for having your ship regenerate faster.-Good combat AI, so you're not frustrated with the AI pilots being idiotic which breaks many other games.-Ability to customize the build sequence of allied ships and stationsWould like to see:Fleet vs fleet battles with the asynchronous mulitplayer! There are ways to do this with the sandbox but it's not very accessible.Better (maybe customizable) combat AI: e.g. turning the ship to hide damaged armor or shields from enemy fire while it regenerates, or maybe being able to specify a preferred range of engagement.Better non-combat AI: Having AI ships being more exploratory would be nice, otherwise they exhaust their local resources and just end up sitting around.My dream is to build an agent fleet that can go into someone else's universe, replicate like crazy and be hugely successful, and completely take it over. Muhahahaha."
76561198125254167,Recommended,329130,15291879,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,lummisam,"It's a top down space shooter sandbox, and what an impressive sandbox it is.  The construction element of the game is really impressive.  My hat is off to the developers, they have accomplished something really impressive with reassembly.  I hope that it inspires developers everywhere in the future."
76561198000866080,Recommended,329130,15554040,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Sandstorm,For all enthusiasts of lego or/and subspace this will bring back memories. Create your own perfect space fleet and send them to  other people. It was much fun when i had to defeat player agents. The music is also great if your a bit into electronic music and the graphics are refreshing.Controls are difficult to learn/master and had to tweak spaceships a lot to be usable (adding engines).
76561197994997049,Recommended,329130,15556966,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,rudders,"Nice to build ships, then blow up other peoples creations."
,Recommended,329130,15335606,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,TellJoolz,The most addictive game I've ever played.
76561198093651616,Recommended,329130,15466994,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,cace261,"I have to say that before I purchases this game, I was kind of nervous about how it would be, though it had some really good reviews. I soon found out that those reviews lived up to the positive nature.Starting out as a single faction to pick, and a basic little ship, you start out a bit causious, trying to gather resources to build your ship up and try to take control of the map with a fleet of your own design along side you.I have to say that one thing that really impressed me is how optimized this game really is. It might seem like the simple nature of just polygons and other shapes would run smooth, but the effects and lighting that can take place during a large battle between many ships can cause your system to lag. Surprisingly though, it takes several hundred ships in that battle before it really starts to take any effect."
76561198161744481,Recommended,329130,15438470,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Fisch dh,Best game in the history of games!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D
,Recommended,329130,15108968,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,FaultCheck,"This game is 1000% authentically fun, no gimmicks, no bull. The concept starts out very simple, but you find yourself in something simplistic becoming rich, detailed and thought provoking. This is a return to better days of gaming, modernized."
76561198002733960,Recommended,329130,14846060,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Peace and Love,I'm thinking of deleting this game just because it's so good that it's distracting me from everything else. 10/10 probably one of the best designed games ever
,Recommended,329130,14846897,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,AVIYL,"I haven't been into gaming much in the last few years.  If I touch my laptop it is usually for coding, writing or producing music.  That all stopped when I got this game.  It seems like they thought of everything.  Every aspect of the game is polished and to the point.  This will be your universe."
76561198051152038,Recommended,329130,14768878,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Tranny Phantom,"This game is incredible... You can easily lose yourself in the gameplay; Modifying, upgrading, multiplying, and conquering, you can grow your modest little crafy into a deadly battleship bristling with lasers, missiles, drone launchers, and cannons, and go on a crusade to destroy all those who stand in your way (Especially the plants). This game is well worth the price, if you like building armies from scratch to obliterate your enemies."
,Recommended,329130,14769120,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Greyboosh,"This game totally sucked me in.  The last 5 hours are a blur.I would like to see more depth in the upgrades, but maybe I just haven't played enough to get that far."
,Recommended,329130,14769676,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,willdabeast410,"BUY THIS NOW!I jumped in to this game blind and was so pleasantly suprised.  This game will suck your time away.I bought it when it popped up on th epopular new releases. I happened to have two days off... i put in 32 hours with no regret.  Its not a new idea but it is perfectly executed.  The atmosphere is amazing! Gameplay is rewarding and the soundtrack is spot on! Tons of replayability, multiple factions to create with and take over the galaxy in so many ways!.11/10 Tell your friends!"
76561198065912228,Recommended,329130,14870562,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Sleepytwo,"Stuff I don't likeWhen you die, lose your fleet but respawn close without themwhen your fleet gets stuck on rockswhen your fleet gets stuck on youwhen you move too fast and lose your fleetwhen you get glitched inside another shipthe nukes the spikey race haswhen you recruit a ship and it doesn't worklots of grinding at timesgame slowly loses fun, and can be frustrating at timesother than that, pretty fun. I see lots of potential for pvpnoticed a few glitchesaddicting at firstwonderful musicneeds some work but overall 8/10"
76561198141468959,Recommended,329130,14907708,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,geraldwdross,Take it a step further?
,Recommended,329130,14894236,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,[LUSTY SNAFU],The hardest boner youll ever get
,Recommended,329130,15026340,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,kuibird,Super fun! Haven't even had it for 3 days and it already ate two of them!
76561198010429902,Recommended,329130,14874623,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,ancientelder,It's fun and I want more. 10/10 would buy Reassembly 2 if and when it comes out.
76561197989499070,Recommended,329130,15079588,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Loken,"This game rocks. It sucked me in completely for a couple of weeks. I'd look up at the clock and think omg it's been 6 hours! I'd go to work the next day on 5 hours sleep. It stirred my gamer blood! The ship building freedom is top notch. You build any kind of ship you want particle by particle and there are lots of smart, handy features in the ship building editor to save time. You can hold down the mouse and drag it across an area to select multiple components or you can just double click one piece and everything attached to it will be selected.A quick ship building tip is to just build one side of the ship, say a wing, select all the pieces then hit c to copy. Move the cursor to a blank part of the screen and hit v to paste, then hit m to mirror (to invert the selection). Now you can just attach that perfectly mirrored section onto the opposite side of the ship if you need symmetry like for wings.Symmetry is also important in placing your thrusters. You are in space so your ship isn't going to stop moving unless it crashes into something...or you put thrusters pointed in the opposite direction to the direction you're traveling in so you can break!Also each different playable faction has some unique pieces to build with. Sometimes the minor differences aren't obvious, like where pieces don't have as much mass as other factions or they have slightly higher armor, but when you stack all those pieces together into a ship then the net values really make a difference in speed, toughness, or resource carrying capacity. You'll want to look at the stats on the ship pieces closely if you're into ship building.If you're not into ship building there are premade ships available with each faction that you can use and just modify to your taste.The game is beautiful to look at and very organic. To me it looks more like the world under a microscope filled with living, evolving organisms than it does a space frontier. Much like organisms, the ships actually create children. You can set a creation queue for yourself once you have a factory as part of your design. But you can also go into command mode by hitting tab and click on an allied vessel that has a factory and drag child designs into their queue so you begin to shape the future of your factions expansion without actually managing the execution. Just hit tab again to go back into pilot mode and go on your way. The allied ship you just programmed will now create what you set for it via the AI.Once you've got your perfect fleet together you can find then fly into a wormhole. You will be given an option to follow it or stay. If you stay a parallel version of your fleet will upload to infect another player's galaxy through one of their wormholes while you remain where you're at with your original fleet. I just really wish there was some way of knowing how successful these invasions were, like a scoring system players could access to get some sense of how good your designs were.The tournament mode doesn't pit you against other players. It just lets you test your own ships against your own designs and a small selection of premade designs. I would love to see a true tournament mode where you download player agents and test your ship against theirs with scoring. The game lacks true player interaction in real time but atleast we can see other player's creations as they come into our own galaxy as enemy agents controlled by the AI.Unfortunately I do think there is a balance issue that needs to be addressed with faction 4. You will eventually find certain enemy agents that are typically oblong, travel at high speed, and shoot enormously long particle rays at you at range even from off of the screen! That's faction 4. They almost made me rage quit because they really get too many advantages, but I perservered and went back to the design editor. Their weakness is maneuverability. Their big bad weapon of choice is not turreted so the whole ship has to turn to target you with the death ray. This is not a huge disadvantage because their ships are inordinately fast but if you build a ship that can quickly side step their line of fire and either swarm them or ram them so that they can't turn into you then you can take them down...if you can catch them. Trapping them against asteroids is a typical ploy. Really though, no other faction gives nearly so much trouble...The only other criticism I have is lag. No it's not really just a hardware issue. I play many other games where it's not an issue. The devs themselves have stated that they've worked really hard on the optimization but the fact is there comes a point where there are so many collisions going on in the galaxy that it can be taxing. I have an i5-4670, 8G ram, nvidia GTX 780 so my hardware is good. But I like faction 2 whose strength is cultivating resources and building up a fleet really quickly. Once I push out a bunch of ships that then create their own AI controlled child ships, the game has alot to track. The devs said to go into options and lower the physics updates per second value so I'll try tweaking that more. But it kind of makes me want to put the game aside now and come back later, maybe playing a different faction and not use a swarming strategy. If you get lag you can also follow a wormhole to a fresh universe, but that too can start to get repetitive.The fresh content is really about fighting other player designs as enemy agents enter your galaxy. I hope the devs continue to work on the lag issue (maybe instancing parts of the playing field to lower the amount of AI activity needed as the game progresses). I'd also like to see them expand on player interaction by scoring invasions, and maybe add some simple tiered goals with rewards for flipping sections of your galaxy to your faction. I think those things would add alot to the game's longevity for me. Regardless, this is a really creative game. I love looking at it and playing it. It was worth every cent."
76561198056670139,Recommended,329130,14999875,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,benlooy,"The most addicting game on steam. I can't stop playing it. There is a learning curve, but you won't mind. Command giant fleets of ships you created yourself. Amazing game.10/10"
,Recommended,329130,15003141,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,MANDINGO,Really good game but sandbox is not working for me.
,Recommended,329130,17691924,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,SpookyDiaboliC,"One of my favorite games, if you like customization and spaceships, or pseudo roguelike-likes. This is the game for you.Psuedo due to, however many resources you collect when alive, when killed you lose ALL of it. But it isn't anything to cry over. The game features infinite ship customizational freedom with each part to the ship being in sections of small blocks, so you can create whatever you wish."
76561198156112695,Recommended,329130,19166704,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Killstreak,cool
76561198034882656,Recommended,329130,22550218,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Hannibal Angus,Lego in Space :D
76561198144790093,Recommended,329130,22810644,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Lord CheeseAndRice,freaking awesome!
,Recommended,329130,22541247,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,TaNgent,Fantastic diversity and freedom to build what you want. Want a killer death fleed? Build it. Want to go out in your flagship and take on the galaxy? Build a badass ship and buy this game.
76561198023840494,Recommended,329130,22636299,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Alucard,"April 25, 2016this is the most fun ive had in a long long timevery original, creative, great graphics, much  replayability1 thing lacking... no multiplayer... great fun though"
,Recommended,329130,22590922,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Darkness Cow,After Buying This game i realized that for the experience i get i would have payed $80.00.here are some of my favorite thingsIts modular so its easy to buildits endless so you can play for 1000 + hoursthe physics engine is Absolutly amazingits bright and colorfuldo i recommend this game. HELL YES 50/10Buy the game and support this awe inspiring game
,Recommended,329130,22574469,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Pook,This game was absolutely amazing. I'm not even going to describe how much fun I had in just THE VANILLA game let alone the mods. And this was my 3rd day of having the game.
76561198067920723,Recommended,329130,22817856,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Akallas Dines on Corpses,"Quirky, odd, but methodical. If you have enough firepower, you can blaze through everything like a flamethrower in front of grass, but at the same time, it takes time and effort to get there. Not much, but enough.Kind of like territory conquest campaign mixed with advancements with no set directives. I would imagine this to be the ... special ops of the games, if CK2 was the field marshall of the games.Like a single player Star Sonata."
,Recommended,329130,22976003,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,[DK]NBRminator,"Amazing game. 10/10, would play forever"
76561198128506170,Recommended,329130,22878846,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,a sideways mob,unique
,Recommended,329130,22329821,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Aronius,Will change your world...
76561198067319830,Recommended,329130,22746238,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,QTSiv,Excellent with or without mods. Some work some dont.  The Community is good.  Game play is simple or as complex as you like it.  Great for a couple hundred hour cure for boredom. ha
76561198073034594,Recommended,329130,22851749,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Corey,love this gameMost of my time has been just seting up 2 sideds and seeing who makes it though
,Recommended,329130,22845747,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,RikDangerous,"Asteroids on Acid, brilliant!"
76561198135758964,Recommended,329130,20931754,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Monoman54,"This game is a very creative and fun game. There are many mods out there to add in new factions, such as star wars galaxies."
76561198073347121,Recommended,329130,20906585,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,CatreyDeMēris,"Its one of those Games i can play peacefully on my poor pc, i can spend 100s hours building one ship and still be entertained, great art style, great gameplay, great system and mechanics, and the modding community is amazin'! No complaints at all!"
,Recommended,329130,20855170,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,pusman,Neon lasers. Neon lasers everywhere.
76561198004624794,Recommended,329130,23742658,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Nightstalker,Simply Awesome!!
,Recommended,329130,17359485,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,eye of funkthulu,"great modding community, great game, infinite replayability, easy to make your own mod, 10/10.mod making helper:http://atg.lychnobi.com/ttftcuts/rwdk/"
,Recommended,329130,23852619,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Eranderil Nix Grey,"When I started into the universe of Reassembly, I wasn't really certain what to expect. What I got for a 15 dollar game was something amazing. You start with only one faction which you then are to use to take out at least one capital ship of another faction to unlock it. You start out tiny. As you explore and grow, learning lessons and tricks, dropping starbases and capital ships across the universe- and other universes for that matter, you will find yourself just looking to find something new. The thing is, every new discovery just sets the stage for the next new find. Different factions play radically differently, some with powerful custom built cannons, to another with few weapons, but a severe penchant for ramming- and the equipment to make it hurt when they do.Perhaps the most striking thing of this game, to me, is the amount of thought that has gone into it. Want to build a starbase? Build a design including a factory but no thrusters. A monster capital ship which can build more of itself? No problem, include plenty of storage. Almost everything can be resized. Changing sizes increases mass, storage(if applicable) and armor, which means you’ll need more thrust to maneuver. You can not only build other ships, but build ships which can build other ships. Then tell them what you want them to build.All and all great fun."
,Recommended,329130,30807318,Posted: 28 March,all,Imperial,If only the developer would add more gameplay features and support their title.
76561198071202920,Recommended,329130,20854275,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,dj blu,i love this game it can be confusing at first but it gits eserer the explorshon of this game kept me up for hours the down side is it can crash last time i checked fut only 1 or 2 times that happend to me the cobonations are endless in this wonderful game
76561197976760047,Recommended,329130,14769737,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,atomicdragon,"It's a good game that has a classic styly of gameplay. It has the added bonus of allowing you to build your own ships and perfect them.The worlds you play in are procedurally created, but I wish there were more of a  variaty of obstacles and hazards in the game.I like the various factions you can fight and play, but I long for more varied ship designs.No story mode, but it really doesn't need one.No multipleyer, but the single player game work just fine.The keyboard layout ssems a bit spread out, but I use and older Nostromo N52 speed pad and it makes this game play nearly perfect.The AI for both your own faction and the enemy factions could use improvements.There are mods that fix things, and sometime ruin them.In conclusion:  The game is not perfect, but it's still a fun time."
76561198192581314,Recommended,329130,21087469,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,SkoomaPuma,"Great game for my brick to play on, with not even minimized settings gets me 60fps and also with Steam workshop mod support once you have had enough, you get get more to have enough of, and with the in-game mod screen allows easy changes to what mods you are using at a certain time."
76561197961342429,Recommended,329130,20795932,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Nightstar,"The first 30 minutes were quite confusing with stuff flying everywhere. Then I realized the potential and depth of this game. Even with simple graphics, it is possible to create awesome ships and fleets. There is also room for a lot of interesting strategies. Want a sentry outpost, just create one. Want a frontline factory, build one.Already many great mods out there, that also add to the depth and complexity.The only thing I'm missing is multiplayer. I know it is impossible to implement without rewriting the whole code, but if they ever make a sequel with MP, that game could easily be among the top games on steam."
76561198017250004,Recommended,329130,20814019,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Flinch,"Really awesome and addictive game, big thumbs up!"
76561198151845647,Recommended,329130,20777144,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Dwarf1050,"This game reminds me of Elite: Dangerous only its 2D, you build your own ships, and its more fun!"
76561198014628174,Recommended,329130,20994676,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,kkllaauussss,Very good game!
76561198011878444,Recommended,329130,20743698,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Grak789,"A brilliant blend of crafting, space pew pew and difficulty. 10/10 would build a block with engins and giant lasers again."
76561197970627230,Recommended,329130,20960012,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,duloth,"After some ridiculous number of hours assembling fleets of warships from fighter to super-death-machine 2X, I decided that this is probably the best top-down shooter I've ever played. Whether your death-machine is incredibly manueverable and flies circles while spraying white-hot death, or a slow-moving tank that absorbs hundreds of shots on its mile-thick armor plating before its quintuple banks of burst lasers burn through the enemy to the core, you'll have fun dismantling it, making it better, over and over again, unlocking new parts, more points to use on them, as your drone-launching, resource-harvesting, station/fleet-building monstrosity burns its way through the universe.After I maxed out the first race, of course I did the same with every one, having fun the whole time, testing my ships against the normal ones as well as the user-designed ones until I had achieved the proper mix of lethality and style.You build an incredibly customizable ship, an equally customizable fleet, in fact you can get a good list of ships and stations done and switch universes so that only your stuff is out there; or go back and order all the existing stations to change to your designs, telling stations to become warships and vice versa.In summary; they could make it better. Could add more races? Maybe some more meaningful level of large-scale control? Yeah, this one's only good for a 9/10. 4.5/5. 97/100."
76561198080664798,Recommended,329130,20860141,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,FlyingDebris,Bubble Tanks.....In space......
,Recommended,329130,17953795,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Drilldo Man,"I got this during a sale sometime in early 2015 and im still playing it now in mid 2016, its a great game to just come back to for a few hours or even as a time sink."
,Recommended,329130,22045767,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Titler,This is a fun space game with alot of replayability.Pros:-Very replayable-All species feel unique-Ship buildingCon:-No multiplayer
76561198119135336,Recommended,329130,22061542,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Pandyy,The game is fun. For the hours you will play it. You will get a lil bit addicted to it actually. I only stoped simply because I had my files corrupted.  Another thing I would love is MULTYPLAYER. At least on self made servers. Like some modes. Building faction wars. And so on. It would be very fun to play together with friends.
76561198114652346,Recommended,329130,30737622,Posted: 25 March,all,d284bf24,"If this game would have received a little bit more work from the dev it would be perfect.What is there is pretty good but also gets dull rather rapidly. I particulary like the graphical style with the intense colors and the kind of 80s computer games like presentation. The designs of the enemy ships are also very cool. From space-bees to space-plants, the factions both playable and unplayable have unique and cool designs. The game shines when you stumble into big conflicts between multiple factions. Its all pretty blood-dragon-hotline-miami-esque if that makes sense :D Or if you are as ancient as me it might remind you of standing in an actual arcade. Only presentationwise though. The scale of the universe and amount of stuff going on on screen is pretty huge.The ship building is very enjoyable and a lot deeper than I initialy thought. From gunships to carriers to ""ramming-devices"", there are a lot of feasable designs you can go with. Different factions will also have different equipment.My two problems with the game are that, for one, while you can test your ship against other ships directly from the build menue, the battle is automated for some reason. This just seems odd. Also the game picks random ships that have a comparable cost to yours. Since I'm not into multiplayer I would preferre it if you could just fight one on one battles agains the AI with a ship of your choosing (Like fight your old ship with your new ship)While the former is more a nice to have, the end game is where the real problem is. You ""can"" conquer the universe in this which at first glance seems to be the endgoal of the game. The idea being that you can create stations that in turn can create more ships. In practice this means that you just dump out at least one station in every sector and then move on. There is not really any strategy involved in it. Nor is it interesting. Personally I just discovered the universe and then got bored. It would have been cool if the ""empire building"" was a lot more fleshed out than it actually is. It seems to be just tagged on and is ultimately boring. Maybe if you're a 100% completion guy that still appeals to you, for me personally the game ended after I discovered everything once. It has been a while since I played but I believe the game is already complete. While it has mod support, I don't imagin core game mechanics are something that is exposed and changeable by mods. It is therefor likely that the basebuilding aspect of the game can be considered final. This is a real shame. In my opinion the game could be interessting for manytimes as long if that would have been done a little better.At any rate for the price you can expect 20-30 Hours of cool exploration and unlocking higher and higher ship classes. Then it ends anticlimacticly when you discover that you could conquer the universe now but it would also be pretty dull.Still if the game seems at all interessting to you from the trailers you should get it. Its uniquely pretty and pretty unique."
,Recommended,329130,21984209,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,DekuMemer,killed my parents 10/10
76561198064558690,Recommended,329130,22306935,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Odahviing,"How to conquer the galexey in 5 simple steps.Step 1: create an armed ship with a factory module.Step 2: using that module, create a copy of that shipStep 3: set the copied ship to produce more of itself (it will automatically produce other ships and even stations as well)Step 4: congratulations, you now have your own self replicating fleet.Step 5: Enjoy watching your fleet overwhelm anything in its way."
76561198121048670,Recommended,329130,22333242,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,steve4602,This game blew me away.  The combintion of building and open world amazed me I thought that nothing could be this good but it contined to give me 100 and counting hours of entertaiment and with the modding community going strong making the game almost endless.
76561198285465166,Recommended,329130,22330702,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,mattthewhowell,This is by far one of the best games that I've ever played. Reassembly is amazing; you have to get it!
76561197983323833,Recommended,329130,22179237,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,*COG* Salamander,"This is a solid and fun game that combines space shooter elements with a sand box and ship design. The fact that you can both upload your designs to appear in other players' universes and encounter theirs as roaming and often deadly 'agents' along with the game's 7 inherent playable factions (there are some non-playable ones as well) plus workshop support make this game a lot of fun.You start with a simple small ship but you can unlock both more systems to build with and larger ships via combat and resource gathering and can unlock the other factions via battle so you can try their unique playstyles in future games. The best part of the game's factions is that while they all have some similiarities, they are quite diverse and not simply reskins of each other.  Playing the starting Terran faction is quite different from the Reds which are different from the Sentinels and so on.You eventually get to build ships from your ship and can keep them with you or release them and they'll defend areas as your control expands. Your AI allies will even build copies of your ship and you can use the interface to affect their production queues.You also have a lot of control options and can even set how your weapons are keyed so you can fire every weapon via the LMB or put even big cumbersome weapons on point defense duty if you like. There's a lot to love here.Heartfelt recommendation from me."
,Recommended,329130,21410065,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,MrWundrful,It's a good game.
76561198079465333,Recommended,329130,21439839,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,rider at dusk,Only game I've ever written a review for. 27 hours played in 3 days. Thanks for the awesome game.
76561198182079851,Recommended,329130,21950047,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Royal Milk Tea,I played this game for a very long time and then I kind of got tierd of it :(
76561198119391411,Recommended,329130,21025941,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,fred101j,i have somehow made it so i dont need thrusters just lazers thanks physics (good job on the physics my flagship which is really heavy constantly crashes into asteroids)
,Recommended,329130,20953100,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Gusty,"This game is just like spore but without the civilisation part. and alot harder....ALOT HARDER!Accidentally stayed up for 2 days straight trying to perfect and optimise my tiny lego bugship things for most efficient reproduction and combat. then stopped after trying to figure out what i'm suppose to be accomplishing...then continued playing some more with my tiny lego bugship things.This game is mostly grind and becomes frustrating after a while of playing it for too long, especially with no clear endgoal. it's still fun to have though if you like spore"
,Recommended,329130,16843690,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,[TPG] Cerbiac,"810The game has some insane gameplay and music... but the game is, for me atleast, hard.Although, if your into sandbox games like this, then go for it!"
76561198244381728,Recommended,329130,21344785,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,jawconstruction5,ok love it but i dont know how  to mod i looked and looked but i can no find a vid i dont completly understand the furom files thing so plz send a vid on menu for noobs lik me
76561198032367346,Recommended,329130,21298552,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Lord Thanatos,"Love this game!! Super cool to watch your ship rebuild itself from scratch when you change it or destroy bits. This game is pretty much a modern, super amped up version of comet busters but with waaaaay more stuff!"
76561198111856582,Recommended,329130,14721589,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Hayden,[positive review]
,Recommended,329130,20274082,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Wutnold124,"Reassembly, at first glance and without watching the trailer/gameplay, seems like a Captain Forever (i think that's what it's called) rip-off. It's not. You aren't limited to trying to destroy the enemy core ASAP to save it's pieces so you can upgrade your ship, although you pretty much have to kill in order to upgrade your ship in the first place in Reassembly. It's pretty much just Asteroids but with badass looking ships instead of a dinky triangle. It's kinda hard to explain, but basically there are multiple factions, around 15 at the time of me writing this review, and you only get to be in one at the start. To get in others, you have to kill giant murder machines from other factions to unlock them. There's also a weird credits and resource system, you gain resource (called R in-game) by either farming or murdering other factions, and you get credits (called C in-game) by dropping off your resource at stations or ships with a factory on it, and then those stations/ships can use your resource you dropped off to make more ships, possibly a ship with a factory on it, making a weird cycle.Also, pro-tip for newbies, GET THE FARMER FACE (faction 2) AS FAST AS POSSIBLE.It's pretty much better than all of the other factions, because they can farm with ease because they can attach plants to themselves so you can essentially farm on the go, which, as previously stated, gives you resource.All in all, if you like ship building and somewhat intense space battles, Reassembly is for you. A solid 10/10."
,Recommended,329130,20648174,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Tjalmann,very lovely and fun game. But when it is upload at its slow 5-20kb a sec it freezes steam so yo ucannot launch any other games.
76561198166294427,Recommended,329130,20611516,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Chunky Cake,"The game is almost perfect. It needs a few more things, mostly multiplayer, and more p."
76561198183692711,Recommended,329130,20613647,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,rosilynne13,it good
76561198167200837,Recommended,329130,20636065,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,WCGUltimateGamer,"Great game, works well on any PC since the shapes are filled in, and just has plenty of creativity and endless fun"
76561197998601915,Recommended,329130,20657414,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Quietwar,amasing game has stolen hundreds of hours of my life would recomend it to anyone but would be better if there was some sort of multiplayer if you are looking at this devs pls implement multiplayer or another game just for multiplayer if you need
,Recommended,329130,20598872,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Deveyer,Syncing for days.
,Recommended,329130,20668047,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,schnippi,"i dont even know if i should recommend the game since there is really no long-term-motivation to play it.the 10 hrs i played however, have been much fun and the game was exactly what i've been searching for.Once maxed out there is no sense in playing this anymore besides trying another faction and do it all over again.well hard to recommend but since i had fun playing it it gets the thumbs up!"
76561198014852545,Recommended,329130,20708412,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,John,"Okay so i got this game last week and has already put in 50 hours, so in other words i really like the game, i think it's one of a kind i have never quite played something like it, i can spent hours in the ship making page, super cool, but i have found 2 problems which has had a huge negative impact on my experienceFirst off, factions seems to be kind pointless, because with over 50 hours, i didn't not once experienced that another faction acted as whole, in other words, a faction and all it ships just stand around completely idle doing nothing, never trying to take down station or conquer another faction unless they're within their detection range. making the game such a pushover as the enemy faction ai never challenge you, Also your own faction seems to have no AI of its own, when you're busy conquering the universe not once did a have a allied fleet come and help me unless i paid them or was in same area, unless you fly straight into the enemy fleets, which also as far as i know are completely idle if the player is not within its detection range or sector areaSecond off why doesn't enemy ships evolve as time goes on? Once you have a max P ship at 8k or even 6-7k, you might as well just start another game because at that point the enemy is powerless against you, hell i even installed the mod that does so there is at all times like 40 agents on the map, and i download all the highest rate/sub modded boss fleets, even so once i hit that 6-8k P nobody can touch me...Overall i think this game is the best sandbox space sim out there, giving it a 7,5/10 :theinterceptor:"
,Recommended,329130,14890069,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,nomad ninga,One of the best games out there it's simple fun and adictive but it won't last you forever once you get to a cerntint point you have conered any chalenges and the against are not that good but well worth 15 bucks
,Recommended,329130,20006570,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,F7,Real time Gratuitous Space Battles!
76561198031260818,Recommended,329130,19983206,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,greatorder,"I'll give this game a tentative thumbs up. It's fun, the UI isn't too bad, it's nice creating ships where you have to worry about thruster position, centre of mass (both easily done with a symmetrical ship), if the ship has enough thrusters to maintain a decent speed (space friction is in effect here) or rotate rapidly enough (my main issue when designing). But then once all is said and done there's an issue: Once you get good enoguh at ship design and you've tried it with all the factions (or all the ones you like) there's nothing to really do. The starting grind is boring, running around demolishing every AI ship, agent or not, is boring. One well designed ship helmed by a player can and will crap on everything.I feel one thing this game needs is a true multiplayer to keep it fresh for longer. As it stands, once you have a death ship (my antimatter dreadnought comes to mind) there's no way in hell anything is ever gonna kill you. Tournament mode, this game's ""multiplayer"", is pretty boring. It's two player made ships fighting, but nobody has control of them, you have to hand it over to the♥♥♥♥♥♥poor AI that seem to have two modes: 'I have drones so run away and launch them', or 'CHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARGE!', which managed to lead to the aforementioned dreadnought getting demolished because it refused to stay at maximum range where it wouldn't get chewed up by lasers and the like.Anyway, getting back to my point, multiplayer would really benefit it. A proper multiplayer in the proper game, not some multiplayer tournament-style thing. Teams or against would be personal preference because that would give an actual challenge once you get past that critical point of 'every AI ship is killed in moments'Yes, I know that multiplayer would require a lot of work, but it feels like a game that *really* needs it. It seems almost designed for it, but it just doesn't have it."
76561198085789361,Recommended,329130,20154335,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,samsin99,Amazing AmAZING AMAZING AMazing. Can't put it any other way.
,Recommended,329130,21862900,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,ZeddyZed,was building my ship without noticing 20hrs' passed...
76561198262833698,Recommended,329130,21806733,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Logan,well ITS AWSOME best game ever it would BE EVEN MORE AWSOME if you added a multiplayer mode and a allie sytem
76561197986506662,Recommended,329130,19866096,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Bitwise,"Frequently freezes on my setup (i7920k/gtx970)   having to frequently wait upto 20 sec for game to unfreeze ruined first play. Turning off steam cloud helped but is not really a solution fix the game and I will recomend, it looks great!UpdateReassembled Steam Reinstalled Reassembly Rechecked Result!  Restored Faith Revisited Reveiw to Recommended with Relish!My system was at fault reinstalling Steam fixed freezes for me."
,Recommended,329130,24656004,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,TheVan,"Very good, great modding community, I usually dont't do reviews but I would definetley reccomend"
,Recommended,329130,28148533,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,SolSurvivor,"This game is probably the most addicting game I've played in a long time.I keep telling myself, ""Ok I'll just take this base then I'll get off.""*A while later*""Maybe just one more...""The music beautiful and the style is simple yet pleasing to the eye.I really enjoy this game and highly recommend it.From experience, it is also a great time killer."
76561198196791234,Recommended,329130,28409459,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Eggplant,"This game is amazing. After 51 hours, I still feel the need to come back and carry on playing. The modding community seem to be extremely talented, and when you run out of Factions there are always more. I would recommend the Cryogons...It is amazing, clearly loved by the Devs and still impresses me when I load it up every time. I would advise downloading the Graphics Overhaul mod, though.10/10 would play again."
,Recommended,329130,28359826,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,PhAe Xander,Fun and simple
,Recommended,329130,28396847,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,ImperatorOsiryx,An excellent sandbox and exploration game that I absolutely recommend.
76561198108913371,Recommended,329130,28355886,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Negative Zero,"A wonderful combination of sandbox exploration, epic battles and careful planning.9.5/10"
76561198090093237,Recommended,329130,28275214,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,zIXM,"This game, while not being having a story or exciting gameplay, is very open and invites the player to be creative with their ship designs. In fact, I have spent countless hours just goofing off in the ship builder and tinkering with designs. The gameplay itself is reminiscent of Asteroids on the Atari and, in my opinion, improves upon it visually. One of the things that I most enjoy about the game, however, is the soundtrack. The soundtrack for Reassembly is very nice and makes the game feel much more lively.Overall, I would definetely recommend this game. 10/10"
,Recommended,329130,28784045,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,mranonymous902,you can drift into enemies10/10 - would reccomend
,Recommended,329130,28894512,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,RedSlashStone,A easy to play extremely addictive game with a great soundtrack. The true customability of the ships is amazing and is well done and planed out. A fun game with lots of play value. With the workshop it is extremely easy to mod. My only regret is that there is no multiplayer mode if so it would be a masterpiece. Do buy it is worth the money
,Recommended,329130,31146710,Posted: 14 April,all,GlitterTribber,"A pretty fantastic game, that is just a bit to heavy on the sandbox side for me. I should clarify, that I just figured I would try this game out last night, since it's been sitting in my library for ahwile. It was almost everything that I hoped it would be:The Pro'sAwesome space battles, intuitive, fun, chaotic and beatifully designedEasy ship editor, that is only mildly frustrating to use at timesInteresting factions, and well thought out gameplayMassive universe: really captures the space adventure feelCool faction systemCon'sNo goals or mission objectives. For some this is not a con, and I can appreciate this style of pure sandbox gameplay where the goal is to get a bigger ship to destroy bigger enemies, so you can get a bigger ship. However, I usually like my games to have some sort of goal to work towards, otherwise after awhile I lose interest.There are Bosses, but I haven't had a ""fight for my life"" or a ""holy Sh** that ship is huge! retreat"" momentShip builder could use some refinement, nothing major, but it can be frustratingWhile the world is vast, the terrain isn't very varried.I started playing around 8:00PM yesterday and binged straight through the night. I went to bed for a few hours around 6am, then woke up and went straight back to it. It felt really great to have that ""addicted"" feeling in a game, I haven't experienced that in ahwile. That being said, In that 9-13 hours, I feel like I have experienced most of what the game has to offer. There are other factions to explore and unlock (I think I unlocked 4 or 5 during time played so far) but after ahwile without a purpose and when you've built your big bad mothership, you start to wonder what to do next.Some people were complaining about the grindy nature of the game, and actually I felt that was done quite well. I felt the grind relaxing, and I was always eager to find new enemies, get more resources, and upgrade my ship. I would love to see some DLC that add's proper bosses, Missions, new terrains, new factions, some sort of primitive economy, trading, selling, bounty hunting, different way's to mine, some sort of story line, or anything that adds more of a reason for me to actually *want* a bigger ship. As it stands it is fun to create a bigger fleet just for the fun of it, but the pressure of a more well defined enemy, or additional base mechanics could add a whole new level to gameplay. I really think this game had the potential to be the next terraria, in that the gameplay is a blast, and it's also a unique experience. It's old so I am not hoping for updates, but would gladly pay for some DLC or a sequel.I think 15 dollars is a bit pricey, considering that after this binge I will likely not pick the game up again, but I just paid 13.75 to go to the movies the other day for 1.5 hours of so/sso entertainment. 15.00 for 9-13 hours of solid entertainment is a good value in my book.If the dev's are out there, for the love of god make a sequel. Consider adding some sort of endgame, and you'd have a real winner."
76561198147394430,Recommended,329130,31165591,Posted: 15 April,all,alex18alex18,"For the simplicity of this game, i gotta say its super adictive and it makes your creative builder come out10/10"
,Recommended,329130,27289208,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ailerath,Love making rediculous ships and then putting them in tourniment and then after they are done fighting i make hundreds fight.GG would spam death again...
76561197970550574,Recommended,329130,30356817,Posted: 6 March,all,Jonofwrath,"I love this game.I find myself designing better ships - or at least things to try sometimes even when I'm not playing. There's something very fulfilling about designing a ship then immediately testing it out, tweaking its performance a little and trying again.Making a whole fleet that produces ships you've designed to fulfil different roles is great.Highly recommended if you like building ships and a bit of combat (ok quite a lot of combat, in all likelihood)."
,Recommended,329130,31589361,Posted: 6 May,all,anobis,"Very fun and addictive,  just very little content compared to other sandbox games of the same price."
,Recommended,329130,31666613,Posted: 10 May,all,goblynn,"love this game, always come back to it when i want to be creative and build a cool space ship."
76561198125987050,Recommended,329130,17783592,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Ghostpanther,"A fun highly addicting game that its gamplay for its price. i have told my friends about this game and that hate me for it XD 11/10Update: This game is still fairly Fun but it gets repetitive and the game devs kind of gave up on this amazing game and concept, frankly adding something like multiplayer or something could possibly revive this game and brign it back to its foremr state instead of being run by the steam workshop.6/10"
76561198262435049,Recommended,329130,31873342,Posted: 20 May,all,A Bagel,"*oh boy, another long immersive review on reassembly, how original*This absolute masterpiece is everything i could have wanted. Sneeve? fnark of war? it's allB U L L C R * P.reassembly puts the idea of a sandbox (for those who love sandboxes, which includes me) and shifts it into 548 levels of endless creation and enjoyment. The ship designer is the cherry on top, allowing you to make anything you could ever imagine, limited only by your RAM or Graphics card, or the power limit of course. Star destroyer? Yes. Borg cube? yes. Death Star? no, (but with mods, YOU CAN DO IT). As well as this, I forgot to mention the grand gift that was bestowed upon this game...STEAM WORKSHOP SUPPORTYOU HEARD ME RIGHTSTEAM WORKSHOP SUPPORTDO I NEED TO SPELL IT?S T E A M  W O R K S H O P  S U P P O R T.NOW YOU CAN BUILD THE DEATH STAR (not to scale)NOW YOU CAN BUILD THE EXECUTORNOW YOU CAN BUILD ANYTHING YOU COULD EVER IMAGINE.EVERINTHEUNIVERSE.now onto seriousness, this game has endless ship combinations. Listing them could end up with a few thousand zeros, and including with mods, a few digits under infinity.Now, i would continue this review, but i really am getting bored and it's really late. Thank you for reading this poorly scripted review."
76561198292859427,Recommended,329130,31861947,Posted: 20 May,all,CummyOrange,"Great game, very reminiscent of captain forever. Excellent mod support too."
,Recommended,329130,31858945,Posted: 20 May,all,Jammy,"Great sandbox ship builder, nice use of other peoples ships as opposition, just needs multiplayer to make it better :)"
76561198071998739,Recommended,329130,14726955,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,abbieam28,"1st hour : Damn, what the ♥♥♥♥ am i playing..2nd hour : Alright, let's try each the factions first..3rd hour : hell yeah, my own made ship! (move to slow) okay add another thruster.. (can only move forward) okay let's add thruster on every available place on this ship...4th - 6th hour : death star won't stand a chance againts this beast, oyeaah! (destroyed by plants)If you like to pew pew and create your own ship, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,329130,14732451,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,its me spooky napkin,some factions are silmilar and some allow you get to the max content quite fast but enjoyable nonetheless
76561198013377787,Recommended,329130,14733251,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Tiberious Of Elona,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X_zGxzPdJvk&feature=youtu.beMy first ship created for my fleet.11/10 -- the best spinning doritos simulator 2015But seriously, this game is amazing. It makes me want to be creative and build every single ship in my fleet from the ground up."
76561198060982023,Recommended,329130,14834356,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Aware,"Very deep, deep game. Usually takes me about 30 minutes to ""figure out"" a game. This one took me close to 20 hours, and I would still say I've only scratched the surface.Only serious problem I've run into:Incredibly frustrating manuvering in tight spaces, especially with larger ships (but this is 80% my own fault, better placed thrusters would help this dramatically).Game crashes every few hours of gameplay, which doesn't do much but force me to start my fleet from scratch (still very annoying).Lacking a bit of personality due to the game having no characters. More of a personal problem for myself, I suppose. Some people might enjoy this aspect.8/10"
76561198032231384,Recommended,329130,16033431,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Scissors,"If you loved playing with or building lego space ships as a kid, then this is probably your dream game. It's a little hard to get into at first, but once you understand the mechanics of what is good/bad on ships, and how to maintain growth within your faction, then the game becomes a joy. Also if you're a perfectionist you can spend hours upon hours just building and testing ships. I know I have."
,Recommended,329130,16035116,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,[Apply_meme],"Very nice game, love the idea, love how it was all works, and the amount of players on it. It's also addicting, because you can just make a hole bunch of unique ships and get a big difference in each ship. Add a bunch of factions to it, and you get a huge variety of ships that you can make. The games environment is also beautiful.The only problem that i have with this game, is the price. Its not bad, but it could be lessened to 10$ tops.All in all, the game is worth the bucks. 9/10(would recommend getting it on sale tho :P )"
,Recommended,329130,18588080,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,dukem,"great game if you like to build your own ship without the complexity of ""space engeneers tm""also i <3 sentinals, keep them OP plz"
76561198210821975,Recommended,329130,29394354,Posted: 21 January,all,Endgunner,this the first game i spent $$$ on. AND IT WAS AND IS WARTH IT!!! trust me...10/10 lvl 5 badge
76561198111285279,Recommended,329130,29470180,Posted: 24 January,all,lHarperb,Very fun. Addecting ship design phase and a fun use phase. Took a little to get the hang of it but as soon as I did I was hooked.
76561198147004642,Recommended,329130,29403697,Posted: 21 January,all,Marc Whitehouse,"yup, its ok"
,Recommended,329130,29197760,Posted: 11 January,all,Chaos,I have never hated spiky sentient space-faring plants more in my life.
,Recommended,329130,28741438,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,qυαηтα,"Simple and fun, quite relaxing compared to the normal bunch of games i play"
76561198007263275,Recommended,329130,28818026,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Kalh,"This game is awesome, you start to play then 5 minutes later you look at your watch, except it's 4h later.To resume the game : epic battles & design your fleet."
76561198280686371,Recommended,329130,22748340,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,KINIK,"Well, the game is very creativity, and sometime you look many beautiful ships by the player.（except some guy make the ships just like the box of shoes.)The game is perfect if the author can repair the bug and updata other mode（such as the online mode~)and the, let us go to play the Molson mod!"
76561198011789808,Recommended,329130,29981246,Posted: 17 February,all,Dade,One of the best game I have ever played.
,Recommended,329130,29120721,Posted: 8 January,all,Robo7988143,"Reassembly is a sandbox game about building your own ships in SPACE and fighting enemies and controlling there sectors. Now to my serious review.I played over 31.2 hours and I have discovered lots of cool things about it, like uploading your fleet so it will become a agent and attack other Player's worlds when they either start a new world or go to another. Another cool thing I witnessed is that the Ship Costumization is so simple and you can costumize it 100%, Block Limits is the part I don't like about ship costumization, you cannot create extremely huge ships because of this. Another one is that your enemies will continue to grow, everytime you remove parts or add in new parts to your ship, your enemies will know this and evolve there ships to something stronger, even that one Red Faction you thought was extremely weak but later they evolved and can pack a punch to any other faction. The one thing I really hate about Reassembly is your allies. You're allies won't do anything. They just waste there time, sitting around in there bases, patrolling it and not attacking or exploring other sectors of the map, which I strongely hate. Not only that, the enemy AI also seems to suffer this as well, with this, you feel like you're the only one in the whole map exploring while others are just sitting and spending there rest of there time in there bases, flying aimlessly and then wait until getting recruited. Now that I finished gathering up all the things I know and loved and possbily strongely hate about, I made a list.ProsShip Costumization: Extremely good, giving you 99% freedom creating your own ships, but where brick limits come in, stopping you from creating a massive ship or even a gigantic station.The AI: The AI can be smart but extremely stupid at times. The only thing the AI actually knows about is attacking there enemies, gathering resources and heading back to there bases for ressupply in order to create more ships, and the new ships go on and on with gathering resources, bringing it back and create new ships, this is a endless cycle. I was hoping for them to attack your sectors or attack other sectors and spawn stations there, at most of the time in my opinion, I think there very dumb.Graphics: The Graphics are nice, when you shoot, the laser particles, missiles and drone particles show very well, even the particales thrusters make, are extremely nice, though there are a few mods on the Workshop to make it better, but at vanilla-balanced they look a little nice, looks epic when a couple of ships fight each other but that's rarely the case because the AI.The Map: The map is extremely huge, big enough for you to explore, may take up to five months to explore the whole map. The map has a bunch of living inhabitants, including your allies. The Map also haves asteriods, plants, spikey plants and other special factions that might find and destroy you. I'd say the map is epic and suitable for a exploration game.Updates: This game rarely gets updated, and may never get updated again by the developers. Updates are extremely rare for this game, and you may or may not have seen ""Reassembly updating"" or anything like that. Don't buy this game if you don't like very inactive Developers or like this game in it's current state.From what I know for the ending of this review, I'd say I recommend this. To those who like the game in it's current state with extremely inactive developers."
,Recommended,329130,28922309,Posted: 1 January,all,-𝓕𝓸𝓻𝓶-,"This is a great game with lots to do in the first place it is a little slow sometimes but then you can remember that there are other factions to try out and if that isnt enough your imagination will take you through some very interesting and goofy things sometimes. On top of all that it is supported by the steam workshop with hundreds of things people have made. I recommend this game to the creative, imaginative, and those willing to grind out for a big fight."
,Recommended,329130,29056882,Posted: 6 January,all,Prince Kassad,"The age of humanity has long passed.Scattered across the universe, agents of destruction lay dormant for millenia.Until the awakening.Sentient war machines, relics of a universe in turmoil. Forged by their ancestor to complete one mission.Annihilate everything.The endless conflict continues to march into the vast darkness of space. Battles rage across the cold void, annihilating planets, moons and asteroids. Cosmic obliteration for a purpose long forgotten.Technology has been captured, assimilated, refined and transformed into brutally efficient self-replicating mechanisms of war.That's basically what this game is all about. You get a ship that you can customize and make it stronger and eventually you will get some kind of a factory block that allows you to construct other ships that may or may not have a factory block to continue the cycle and conquer the galaxy, then by entering a wormhole you can choose between doing it again or share your creations with other players in the form of agents that will relentlessly kill anyone they see.The game is really light-weighted and have high modability as well.10/10 Good game to play while idling in TF2"
,Recommended,329130,29073157,Posted: 6 January,all,Pawl,Everything youd ever want from a game about building space ships and taking over the universe.
76561198148631659,Recommended,329130,29076855,Posted: 6 January,all,theplayerx4734,a solid game if you like building spaceships and battling npc's
,Recommended,329130,28951396,Posted: 2 January,all,Zigg,"This is a very fun and addictive game. You command a vessel in interstellar space, and your immediate and long-lasting goal is to increase your P (which is the limit on how much you can have) and R (resources). By upgrading your ship and unlocking new parts, you can go from a dinky nobody to the admiral of an entire fleet.My review score is: Press F On Occasion/10."
,Recommended,329130,29497082,Posted: 25 January,all,AsshatFührer,Damn good indie game that I've probably spent way too much time playing.....oops
76561198259516353,Recommended,329130,30131423,Posted: 23 February,all,starwars4,"This is a alsome games, if u like LEGO, try out this game, there is so many mod that you cam try out, it is very fun to play! Wish the game can add mutiplayer and single player mission(like a story line or something), mutiplayer can just make it like a EVE or somethings else, that will be so cool!!!!"
,Recommended,329130,30100437,Posted: 22 February,all,Ether,"If there was a game, where you could put in all your free time and creativity, it would be this one. Reassembly is such a fun and interesting game in which we play as a faction and essentially destroy everyone else and take over the galaxy!PRO's-So many ways to build a ship and make it look unique and beautiful-Lego but in space-Can installl mods and make the galaxy much more interesting-Every fight can have different outcomes-UniqueCON's-Takes a while to get into genocide mode and destroy everything-Vanilla gets old, VERY quickly-Plants manage to abruptly stop a ship flying at high velocities, very annoying to say the leastIn all, money well spent 10/10"
,Recommended,329130,28617043,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Reality Spasm,"legos meets asteroids in one of the most fun games i've played since modding minecraft. the concept is simple, but ship design becomes increasingly important as bigger and bigger ships show up. co-ordinate redundant structure, thrust vectors, energy generation,  weapon recoil, movement, and resource alocation. create gimicky ships that shouldnt work but do!"
76561198037792793,Recommended,329130,28613120,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,LATuxedo,"This game deserves a lot more publicity and love than it has. It has a ton of replayability as you try different factions and figure out what sort of ships work best in each. If you look it up on youtube, there are some really awesome AI-controlled tournaments between different people's ships and, as much as I adore this game, those tournaments have been the source of even more enjoyment."
76561197982240415,Recommended,329130,28453740,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Tribe-Griphus,Fantastic game.  Reminds me of playing lego's when i was a kid. :-)
,Recommended,329130,28627946,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Phobetor,"If you have played Void Hunters from FunOrb quite a few years back, you will LOVE this game.We get it, it's your typical fighting-in-space kind of game. Why is this game so unique? It's fully customizable to building your own spaceships, your own fleet, hell, even your own STATION.--PROS:-AMAZING Soundtrack-Spectatular Ship Designs-BIG World-Outstanding Graphics (VR Grid Style)-Bloom is stunning-Can build WHATEVER you want. Stations, Ships, your own Fleet.-Fight difficult enemies-ENEMIES COLONISE TOO SO WATCH THEM.-Territory Warfare-Wide Range of Blocks / Weapons-Workshop included with custom factions to spawn ON the map--CONS:-No Multiplayer Campaign (You can still fight others in the Tournament and their Agent Fleets but not co-op)-Underrated a bit10/10 with this game. Looking forward to more amazing work with it."
76561198075121533,Recommended,329130,27614090,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Puff,it is a really addicting and fun game
,Recommended,329130,27927286,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,NOSQ | Jackalanton,"""It's been a whole day already?!"", Kind of game."
,Recommended,329130,27526093,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,bullno1,Highly recommended if you love to tinker and build stuff then see them in action. The possibilities are limitless.
,Recommended,329130,28016123,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,DoctorTee,"Very fun to mess around in, and there is plenty of cool workshop content if you get bored with the base game."
76561197994466713,Recommended,329130,28004731,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,athan_dashiva,Surprisingly fun ship design game.  Nothing like laying armor around a big engine and flying through your opponents.
76561198001357544,Recommended,329130,28716802,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,jester,"Just bought this game and played 4.5 hours straight. The ship building is really addicting. It's awesome how you have to balance your thrusters, weapons, modules and how it looks. It seems incredibly balanced. Except for the fact that the guns are ridicolously strong. But since this game supports workshop, and I see other players having around the 100-1000 hours played area, I'm sure you can probably fix most stuff you don't like with a mod. I would probably pay the full price it's asking for this game (I paid 50%).20 Hours played: Well, the ship building is still as addicting as when I first started playing this game. It's so cool to kinda understand ship design stuff when designing your own ships. For instance, you realise your front is very vulnerable and you add more armor to the front of the ship. But since you want to keep the total mass down, and you realise you don't need all that armor in the back of the ship, you get an old school design where the back is your weakness. And all the games where you have to take something down and the game tells you to shoot it's back for more damage suddenly makes sense.Another example is maneuverability vs armor vs damage. You want your ship to have massive amounts of armor, and you want a ton of guns on your ship. But you dont have any space for thrusters. So your ship can't move. You take away some guns and make room for thrusters, but you have too few and too small thrusters to move your big ship. You take away even more guns to an ""acceptable"" point, and you put in more thrusters, but your ship still moves super  sluggish. You redesign the whole ship and make sure you worry about how it moves at all times. But the bigger your ship becomes, the harder it is to find enough spots to fit your thrusters. Makes you understand why big ships are always portrayed as super slow moving. Amazingly fun tinkering in any case!"
76561197976244641,Recommended,329130,29972698,Posted: 16 February,all,swell,"One of the best space/rts games of all time.  Plays like an organic environment, with ships easily adapting to their assigned roles.  While the game was never made to be grander than a sandbox beat-em-up, Reassembly and games like it would be amazing in a larger and more strategic style game."
76561197970013110,Recommended,329130,29880462,Posted: 12 February,all,Nasty Bags,"Shields and weapons that aim for you are OP.Pretty much auto win.So is ""farming"""
,Recommended,329130,17023946,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Potato,Made a d*ck of deathGot painfully destroyed by a purple d*ck of death11/10 would make space d*cks again
,Recommended,329130,29769003,Posted: 7 February,all,Raanch,"The look, feel, and music of the game compliment each other very well. Some of the unlockable factions work wildly different than the starting faction. It could use more content but I would still recommend it."
76561198123457882,Recommended,329130,29858907,Posted: 11 February,all,Plazmageco,"Great game, fun, addicting, and good luck playing people"
,Recommended,329130,32923103,Posted: 28 June,all,WonderBra,"Like many in this review, I am hooked. Great game to play in a train journey as it makes the time fly by. Bad game to play in a train journey as you will miss your stop playing this ☺ucking game.classic asteroids feel on steroids in my view. Brilliant!"
76561198042481172,Recommended,329130,33004076,Posted: 29 June,all,Yevonai,"It has been quite a while since a game has held my interest for so long.  This has become my new addiction in gaming.The concept of this game is simple:1. Build your spaceship using guns, armor, and various other parts depending on your play preference.2. Pilot your spaceship in real time on a 2d plane against A.I. faction ships.3. Kill other ships and collect what is essentially their XP orbs.4. Turn in XP for money.5. Increase your build capacity and unlock guns and blocks with your money.6. Improve on your ship or make an entirely new one to add to your growing roster of ships for your current faction and watch the A.I. build your new creations to use against your enemies!It is so satisfying to see your own ship builds being made and used by your own faction in just the ways you intended.Make a farming ship to cultivate plants for resource orbs.Create a ship designed with massive cargo holds solely to collect resource orbs to turn in for massive profits.Create a ship with the ability to heal other ships using beams and drones.Focus on shields and beams to burst your opponent down from close up.Make high armored missle-clad monsters to take out your enemies from a distance.Cover your ship in drone launchers and swarm your enemies with mosquitos!You can do all of this and so much more, your imagination is really the limit.The modding scene with this game is surprizingly great and the community is very welcoming and also surprizingly large.Hopefully, this game gets much more attention.  It certainly flew under the radar for me but once I picked it up I was easily hooked without intending to be.  I've already put in 25 hours in just a few days and I guarantee that will rise steadily over the next few days as well."
,Recommended,329130,33532216,Posted: 14 July,all,Pigmonster,"A great game I have played quite a bit, a great game to just sit and relax while playing."
,Recommended,329130,33585045,Posted: 16 July,all,tak,"Amazing, engrossing game."
,Recommended,329130,33543993,Posted: 14 July,all,The M.S,This game is one of the if not the best space type game i have evere played.If you want a nice space ship building game this is where you go.
76561198031536289,Recommended,329130,33426786,Posted: 10 July,all,ruzter91,"A good game, but is a little short, but it have mod support so you have more ships more enemies and more fun"
76561198291930151,Recommended,329130,33616024,Posted: 17 July,all,Coccain News Network,Dank.
,Recommended,329130,33918498,Posted: 30 July,all,You-fools,Surprisingly good game. Really worth the money. If you get bored with the game do not heistate getting mods. It enhances the experience tenfold. Along with mods the tournament mode is super fun. Putting your best ships against each-other is a sight to behold. Long live the missle men.
76561198063268266,Recommended,329130,34443843,Posted: 23 August,all,DrN1nja,"Very satisfying. You don't have to be an incredible voxel artist to play. Just tape a bunch of guns together and go on grand adventures, slaughtering anything that isn't yourself. Good game to space out while playing. Highly recommend"
,Recommended,329130,15093467,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Cirrial,I played this game so much that I dream in Penrose tilings and made a font for a console command that has no practical application in the game itself.Please send help.
76561198105215840,Recommended,329130,34320585,Posted: 17 August,all,Dionysos4four,I was interested in playing this game and enjoyed this game but after playing a good 25 hours of it there was nothing left to do. I had played all the factions and built a fleet in each with every class of ship. There are a few limitations or problems that I wish were options in settings. Overall its worth buying if its on sale.
,Recommended,329130,34335011,Posted: 18 August,all,Sock,This is the best top-down 2d build space ships and then shoot each other game that there is.
76561198302335596,Not Recommended,329130,29037984,Posted: 5 January,all,Radium_Bullet,"Unfortunately, I cannot recommend this game anymore. It has been abandoned and is slowly dying, with several unfixed glitches."
,Not Recommended,329130,18015616,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Element,"Reassembly has an impressive modular ship system but other than that, it's your basic pixel space exploration game. It's looks aren't too bad either but this game desperatley needs more features like online or co-op mode and just more to do in general.It can be complex when it comes to making new ships with factories, maybe a little bit too much. They never make it clear what you're supposed to do either: I spent hours building a gigantic ship but apparantley you're supposed to build a regular sized ship with factories and make more ships but there's no solid way of getting enough currency to make those ships so the games busted. Get it while it's on sale; this game isn't worth your 15 dollars, not until its able to grow into an online community and not just singleplayer.You'll get some entertainment out of it but until they add more features, it doesn't have a lot of content that it's representing."
76561198155194765,Recommended,329130,33936577,Posted: 31 July,all,Galeforce_Wrath,"Great game, lots of content and alot to do! Add multiplayer and I'd never stop playing."
,Not Recommended,329130,22652528,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,SynthFinderGeneral,constant crashing on trying to load. good game concept ruined by poor devs
76561198107608898,Recommended,329130,34148636,Posted: 10 August,all,Harambe,Dang only if the modded community was more active this game would be amazing!
,Recommended,329130,34173803,Posted: 11 August,all,Braverock,"I love to spend hours upon hours playing this game, because I really like building and destroying spaceships. Also there's an there's almost endless Steam Workshop content for me to play with. I like the simple graphics style. Finally building spaceships is really easy, and I really love that about this game!"
,Recommended,329130,34251563,Posted: 15 August,all,Igneus Tempus,A shooter/explorer game. Its fun remind me of astro shooter or what it was named. My scoreGameplay 6/10Graphics 5/10Sounds 6/10Summary 17/30
,Recommended,329130,35366013,Posted: 30 September,all,1161650854,"This is a amazing game. Plenty of mods, Easy-to-use RWDK (Devkit to make mods). Worth the money, even when not on sale."
,Recommended,329130,35280382,Posted: 28 September,all,Erorr,"I love this game, very original and the music - I love that music, the best game music ever (my opinion)I wish there will be a Reassembly 2, I will be the first to buy it then!Although I get the feeling it is not fully finished, late game is kinda boring, but at start and mid game is super fun!"
76561198069470129,Recommended,329130,34981059,Posted: 15 September,all,adelicjimmy,"I am enjoying it, the music adds a great deal to the experience and is likely the cause of my time slipping away from me in this game :DI have tried two of the factions so far and they were both fun but also similar, I am looking forward to trying one of the wonky ones next. Terran and Farmers... :P"
76561198213613924,Recommended,329130,35200425,Posted: 25 September,all,AwesomeDude333,I love ramming everything to death.
76561198131410340,Recommended,329130,35400555,Posted: 1 October,all,Schmupai,"What a wonderful game. The modding community made it all the better especially with ""Extra Reassabmly"" which pretty much adds in a new games worth of content.Controls- 3/10- Kinda hard to menuever around for some reason but it just may be me...Graphics- 8/10- Its a top down shooter, wasnt expecting something insane.Gameplay- 9/10- VERY ADDICTING. A nice gradual and calming way of progressing to the top.Quality- 4/10- Now there is ALOT of bugs that needs to be fixed but currently all of the community says the Devs gaveup so im taking their word for it.Overall- 7/10- Worth the money and easy to play. Bugs are indeed a little cumbersome but the gameplay and replayability makes up for it.Should you buy it?Yes"
76561198297959599,Recommended,329130,35413104,Posted: 2 October,all,Dazz Aephiex,"Consider this as a workshop sandbox game, not a SF 4X strategy game, or you will be disappointed."
76561198035248147,Recommended,329130,35436710,Posted: 2 October,all,curtyuiop,"28 hrs in already? game is huge, make your ship how you like, game is very well made and smooth.lots of upgrading to do, weapons/defencesspawn your own army of ships to fight with you that you customized - for a price though of course.looks like it will be a while before I unlock the conquer the galaxy achievement.watch the hrs accumulate on this one!"
