user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198089646748,Recommended,329440,18850513,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Breadbug,"The Pros:- Graphics- Wisps make a return- variety of stages- MUSIC ON POINT- mach speed sections that actually work- Spindash- Parkour abilities work after a little practice- The game is average length for a Sonic game (took me 7 hours to complete the game)The Meh:- The stages are great up until whenever you get to the ice stages (there's a few of them) and the ice stages are awful- Sonic isn't fast as compard to Generations, but he also isn't slow...until you get to the 2D segments- Your inventory only holds up to 5 items and most of the time you don't even really need them.The Cons:- Ice stages are simply awful- The 2D segments are painfully PAINFULLY slow- The grinding stages (not many grind stages honestly) are also pretty slow- No rail jumping mechanic like in Sonic Heroes or Sonic Adventure 2- The game runs in slow-motion if you're below 40-some frames- Very very limited video settings- The Rhythm Wisp is BROKEN- No tutorial on when you're supposed to know which enemies to ""kick"" or use your homing attack onThe NiGHTMARE DLC:It's basically a boss rush of all the bosses in Sonic Lost World that are riding ontop of bosses from ""NiGHTS into Dreams"" followed by Sonic chasing after Reala then Sonic running with NiGHTS to save the Nightopians (the DLC is about no more than 5-10 minutes long if you take your time)My opinion on the game:I like it. I definitely felt like I got my money's worth. It's not the best Sonic game, but it's an enjoyable one."
,Recommended,329440,18844450,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Zytten13 #BRONCO2018,"SEGA, bring us good Sonic games like this one more often.You know better than anyone of us that you can't mess up for Sonic's 25th anniversary. We're all eagerly waiting for the great return of Sonic.Without further delay, a short review, based on a few gameplay hours:**Review**Gameplay-wise it's a bit rough, but a lot more refined than past Sonic Team games. Musical arrangements are superb and really freshen the series' kind of score. Controls feel quite nice, but the lock-on system makes them a bit... uncomfortable. Overall a great game from what i've played. The port is well executed and has no dumb 30fps or resolution locks.I'll personally be supporting every port you guys bring to Steam.Also, as a bit of a sidenote: REVIVE SPACE CHANNEL PLS"
76561198149819778,Recommended,329440,20182204,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Wull,"I was extremely hyped when Sega announced this game was getting ported to PC - this was the only major Sonic game besides Sonic 06 that I had not played at least one version of, and since I didn't have enough money to spare for a Wii U, I thought I'd never be able to play it. This, of course, changed when Sega announced this port. I waited for the Steam sales when this game was 50% off and purchased it. How was it in the end?Well, it's pretty good.The level design is generally interesting and open, the boss fights are fun (if quite easy), the soundtrack is SUBLIME, and the graphical quality is pretty sweet. While I'm not crazy about the wisps, I approve of the improvements made to Lazer, Drill and Rocket over their original controls in Sonic Colours. Getting extra lives also becomes increasingly easier with this game, as clusters of them can be found at reglar intervals like at Honeycomb Highway.I can't really say if there are improvements over the Wii U version (as stated above, I've never played it), however I approve of the ability to use the mouse in-game to open hints and the item briefcase. Also, if you're like me and you're not a fan of Lost World's storyline, you can skip the cutscenes, which I'm grateful for.I do have a couple of problems with the game itself though:- While using the run button isn't too much of an issue, I'd much prefer Sonic to just have a naturally fast momentum as he usually does. Also turning while using the run button cuts down his momentum noticably.- While i praised Lazer, Drill and Rocket earlier, some of the wisp controls are odd - for example, you have to hold down the run button in order for Hover to float wheras in Sonic Colours it was the jump button, wheras Eagle appears to decend if you press either of those.- There are times when I'm running along a wall and try jumping to the one opposite, only to fall off and (usually) die. Perhaps I'm doing something wrong, but it confusingly works well with some walls and terribly with others.- The red star rings. Whilst most are easy to get, others will really test your patience (case and point, the third one in Frozen Factory Act 3)- Finally, Frozen Factory Act 2... The entire level. You play as a snowball. Enough said.Overall though, this is still a very good game. I'd recommend Sonic Generations more, but this game certainly wouldn't be far behind it.So, as a final request... Colours and Unleashed on PC?"
76561198022738725,Recommended,329440,23812603,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Mister 74,"Dont believe the critics, this game is platforming bliss. Unlike the the Adventure games where the only charcters you want to play as are sonic or shadows, or the unleashed, colors, or generations where its pretty much boost to win, this game actually has true platforming just like the genesis games. Its not about speed, its about skill. If you have skills you will be rewarded with short bursts of speeds just like the genesis games. Also this game isnt fundamentally broken like Sonic 06 or downright crap like Boom, this is Sonic at his best in 3D. Give it a shot, you wont be dissappointed."
,Recommended,329440,18878473,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Stevu,"Sonic Lost World for PC is a straight-forward port from the Wii U version, except there's no multiplayer and no gimmicks with the Wii U Gamepad.Things to know before you buy:FPS is locked at 60.Video Settings are sparse (but thats to be expected).No Anti-aliasing from the engine itself (You might be able to enable this through your graphics card options).Some UI textures appear low quality / blurry."
,Recommended,329440,19365498,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Ronyplay,"When this game was announced, I was taking a break from Sonic games.I didn't care that much about this one (mainly because it was exclusive to the WiiU).But when the scores hit, I was actually surprised!It was almost getting as bad scores as Sonic 06!I thought ""what a shame, maybe next time"".I also remember the Mario Galaxy comparisons, something about that just didn't feel right.Boom bombed it's way onto Wii U, people lost it.People were saying stupid things, and this forced me to go back to Sonic The Hedgehog.So after a 2 year break, I returned to the City (just to escape from it once more).Long story short, I'm addicted to this franchise again.By the way, Boom was made by Big Red Button Games and not Sonic Team.IGN and Gamespot were wrong about the Mario Galaxy comparisons.Just check out the level ""Mad Space"".Lost World is fast, just use the spindash.Other than that, they just moaned about dying.Stick to your Mario games guys.I was gonna cash out for a WiiU just to get this game, but right before I did the Sonic PR guy on Facebook praised Gaben for allowing him to announce ""Sonic Lost Word is coming to Steam"".Never liked his games, but I personally owe him a thank you.Thanks Gabe.On the other hand, watch your back (because Nintendo's got it in for you).SEGA, quit these annoying deals with Nintendo.I get the Olympic Games and such, but not the main series' games.Story is written more like a TV show, like Colours and Generations.But it's less cringeworthy, and actually entertaining.Roger is better, not the best still.Though some voices (like Amy's sounding like Mickey Mouse's girlfriend), could be better.Dr.Eggman's voice actor has always been delivering though.The Deadly Six are entertaining, they're there for laughs and bosses.The gameplay has a focus on Platforming like the old games, it feels like Sonic Team is stepping in the right direction.But in this one, the Platforming is really there.It's almost there all the time.That's probably why there's a run button.In my opinion, the run button's not as bad as I thought it would be, but it shouldn't be in this game.It should only be used for the Parkour, that's all the button should have been implemented for.Mirror's Edge is able to do this while keeping Momentum gameplay, maybe Sonic Team can actually learn from the Battlefield developer DICE (never thought I'd say that).Also the lack of momentum based gameplay is what bothers me, they got it right in a 3D environment the first time with Sonic Adventure, and the second time with Sonic Adventure 2.What's their reason for this one?But in all honesty, this game controls like a breeze.Haven't thought about a Sonic game's controls like this since Sonic Adventure 2.And that's saying more than a lot (believe me).The parkour is weird at first, and not really explained.It's not even explained on how to access explainations, you'll see a question mark.You'll learn Sonic's new moves through trial and error.You'll die in this game, and that's okay.The parkour is fun, but not perfect.It's so awesome to run on walls and use the spindash.But some things are clunky.Some times there's trails of rings that go up a wall, then go to the side, then go forward (by this point you should be running along the wall).Half of the time you'll fall.He'll just slide off to the side, which is annoying.Other than that, it's a pretty cool feature which I hope Sonic Team works upon with their 25th Anniversary game.The spindash is back!And it's better than Shadow The Hedgehog's and 06's!Still not as good as SA1/2's, but it's still powerful.This will send you blasting off to your speed needs.Still wish it used momentum based gameplay like the SA games.How you could roll down a hill, and get faster and faster.BTW, where's the slopes?I mean there's tiny ones, but those barely count.I miss the massive ones that sent adrenaline through my eyes, to my heart.When you're not going from floating planet, to floating planet, or in 2D sections (which are actually good, but not fast though).You're just going along this flat path avoiding or hitting enemies.This is where the massive slopes should have been!This would have been the perfect set up.There's multiple paths in this game, which I love.This adds so much variety and choice to the game, as well as replay value.I can never get bored of a level so soon (as you can already tell by my play time).The multiple paths can make a journey different in many ways.I've only run into one glitch, that's about it.And it was a glitch I did on purpose, so...The mach speed sections are back from 06, except done up.They're really fun, they may have you sweating at times.And man, just give Desert Ruins act 2 a go.People dislike the snow levels, I like them.Except for Act 2, that snowball level sucks!I thought it would be fun, I thought critics were just being moany (like usual).But boy, you will lose it when you play that level (the atmosphere is still nice).Super Sonic is unlocked when all Red Rings are collected.He's okay, not bad.Kind of wish you could play as him in Mach Speed sections.This is one of Sonic's toughest Adventures, which I like.I think this has been missing from Sonic games for a while, a good challenge.The grinding is a bit of a downgrade, he only goes forward as well.You can't really go fast on rails, you can't control the speed like in SA2 and Sonic Heroes.Another annoying thing is you can't look back.That right thumb stick on your controller is only used for useless power ups.The wisps return, and they're way better than colours!Mainly because they're optional.Which is the way it should have been.The classic power ups aren't in the levels though, they're unlocked after doing challenges.And they don't even work well.The running one just let's you run as Sonic without holding the run button, it doesn't make you go faster than normal.The boss fights are mixed (just like this game's metacritic score).Some are actually challenging, but some are just lame.All of that build up for nothing.The double jump is useful, and fun to use.Although I honestly just wish they would let me use the homing attack (even when I'm not targeting an enemy) just to get extra distance.The kick is an alternative to the homing attack, which is pointless.It looks nice, and sounds nice.But it shouldn't be a mandatory to the homing attack at times.And the targeting system isn't needed.I want to take them out, thanks!You don't need to do it all for me.Other than that, this is what innovation looks like.That's right TitanFall, you heard me.Sonic Team doesn't innovate because people are demanding, they do it because they feel like it.This game looks sweet!The graphics are really great for something from the Wii U.Imagine what Sonic Team will do on the PS4/ONE/PC.The cartoon art style really makes the world pop out of your screen.60FPS really benefits this game, since Sonic is a fast character.Apparently it was essential during the game's development, like SA2's.But be warned, if your PC can't handle this game at 60FPS.You'll be playing this game in slow motion.You can't play normally at 30FPS.Luckily it looks great at all resolutions.But just make sure your PC can handle this game.The music is well done.Better than Colours', that's for sure.But it's nothing amazing like SA1/2/Heroes/any Sonic game before Colours.The sounds of your enemies popping open just feels so right.The PC version is missing the Multiplayer mode, which is a shame.I was looking forward to that, because it looked almost as good as SA2's.Hopefully they patch it in.This game deserves an 8.5/10I'm still playing it after 30 hours of gameplay.Just remember, it's different."
,Recommended,329440,20291327,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Lord King,Nice Sonic port I wish they port Sonic colors too
,Recommended,329440,20454024,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,dsantor9,"After the success and critical acclaim of Sonic Generations, the community was shocked when SEGA announced Sonic Lost World for the Wii U and 3DS, as it seemed to play completely differently than the ""boost to win"" formula they had perfected in Colours and Generations. After it launched in North America in October of 2013, it was met with mixed reviews, with critics saying that it was a slow and bizzare departure from their most recent formula with clunky controls and crappy gimmicks. In November of 2015, SEGA Europe ported the game to Steam on PC, removing all of the Wii U Gamepad touch and gyro gimmicks. Is this port better than the original? After completing both versions, I can say: YES. YES IT IS.The story of this game, like Generations, is very by the books and as simple as it can be. My only real complaint about Generations was its lack of story, and even though Lost World follows suit, the writing is overall better and funnier than Generations, even though there are some lines where Roger Craig Smith seriously sounds like he's constipated or something (no offense; he's still my favourite Sonic to date). I won't go into the story much in this review, as there isn't very much story anyway. Just know that the game is about Sonic and Tails crash landing on a planet known as the Lost Hex, to defeat the Deadly Six (Zazz, Zomom, Zik, Zeena, Zor, and Zavok) and Dr. Eggman.The main critique people have with this game (besides the story) is the slower gameplay. Dubbed the ""Parkour"" formula, Sonic Lost World forgoes the boost gameplay to bring us something a little more like the Adventure series, being able to spin dash and such. You can also double jump, like Colours, and new to the series, use the parkour system to climb and run on walls and ceilings. Also new to the series is the gravity-based platforming. Even though we've seen this in Sonic games before (Sonic & Knuckles, Sonic Adventure 2, etc.), this is the first game that focuses on it the whole way through, and even though it's not used to the extent of Super Mario Galaxy, (which by the way, people criticized this game for trying to BE Mario Galaxy, which again, I don't agree with) I still think it's an interesting feature to the game. Being more like the adventure games, many people criticize Lost World for being very slow compared to recent games. Although they are right to some extent, I disagree, in that the spin dash is very useful (and yes, fast) if you know how to use it. It is a unique approach to the boost mechanic with a bit more skill needed to pull it off right, as it can be pretty much infinite if you know how to use it. Overall, by using the spin dash and new parkour correctly, this game can be very fast, and is no where near the levels of Rise of Lyric.Being completely absent from the Wii U version, the PC port now has an achievement system. In both versions, Omochao will give you missions to complete, and will reward you with items for doing so. But, in the PC version, these missions double as the achievement system, unlocking one per mission completed (THE ACHIEVEMENT IS UNLOCKED FOR COMPLETING THE MISSION, NOT JUST FOR DOING WHAT IT SAYS. That drove me crazy until I figured it out). Also different in the PC version is the lack of the Wii U Gamepad. Even though I'm generally a fan of Nintendo's PSP/iPad hybrid, they used the thing ATROCIOUSLY in Lost World. But in this version, I'm happy to report that all the gyroscope and touch screen BS in the Wii U version is completely absent. Well, kinda, as all the gimmicks still technically exist, they are now just controlled by the analog stick. Speaking of, let's talk about the control between versions. Since you were only allowed to use the Gamepad, finally being able to use an XBox (or in my case, Steam) controller feels great, and definitely more natural for a game like this.Like Generations is the extremely talented and creative modding community, which has pulled through once again to produce fantastic mods for this game. Even though the game only has character mods right now, as the game has only been out for a couple of months at the time of this review, I can be certain that the level mods will be a blast and a very unique experience compared to Generations's mods, thanks to its more platforming based gameplay, slower pace and gravity mechanic (Super Mario Galaxy level ports???)Oh, and in case you were wondering, the music is fantastic as well, per the norm in this franchise.You might have noticed that I've used the word ""unique"" a lot in this review, reason being; that's exact what this game is - a unique experience. Even though it was made to be more like the Adventure games, it's skill-based spin dash and new parkour ability make this game stand out from the rest. It's still, in my opinion, not as good as Generations or Sonic 2, but it's still a damn good game, and is definitely worth your time.8/10"
,Recommended,329440,18848410,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Zobot,"An interesting take on the Sonic formula, with a bunch of misteps along the way. But overall a decently competent entry into the modern series, even if it doesn't hold a candle to Colours or Generations. If you're looking for something to build off Generations you won't find it here, but if you want something more experimental; this is for you.Pros- The parkour mechanics are interesting and used well from time to time, albeit they are hard to master; they're very satisfying once you do so.- The aesthetic is gorgeous and simple- An amazing soundtrack by Tomoyo Ohtani- Decent replay value by online leaderboards and ingame challenges, as well as bonus levels and a return to a harder ranking system based purely on time- The port is decent in terms of how it runs, whilst lacking in options overall - the game runs perfectly and controls perfectly as wellCons- The controls can often feel loose or hard to grasp. Leaving you doing wrong things and falling to your death on occasion.- The port is barebones, whilst the game features options and button prompts for both keyboard and gamepad - all the menus and prompts are rendered in 720p and look blurry- The game suffers a sharp difficulty spike towards the end, and a downward spike immediately afterwards - as well as a few odd experimental levels which miss the mark most of the time"
,Recommended,329440,23256915,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Foxysen,"Sonic Lost World is yet another 3D and 2D Sonic platformer from Sega, which changes from Boost gameplay basic into new Parkour one. It was made to be Nintendo platforms exclusive in 2013 only to come out onto Steam in 2015. Made by Sonic Team. Get ready to face the sissy six!It also came out for WiiU, as said, as well as 3DS. 3DS version is quite different, you know, same title, tried to do same theme but made from scratch, by Dimps.Let's talk about differences between this release and original WiiU version that it's based on. First, each copy of game on Steam has Nightmare DLC, which was available only to bonus prepurchase edition of WiiU games, from what I read. Sadly,  Steam version it doesn't have two different DLCs, that are Zelda and Yoshi themed ones. No wonders, they are Nintendo licensed ones, so not blaming Sega.WiiU also supported 2-player play, mostly races. One player has TV screen, another player has gamepad one. There is no multiplayer on PC.That, and PC version doesn't use any other WiiU feature. Like, you can control Wisp powers normally, no fancy. Or there is no Wiiverse implention, so you can't exchange powerups with other players. Also, bomb powerup that you could get only through exchange is now part of mission rewards or Nightmare zone one.So, WiiU might be the version that you want to get, but PC isn't bad either.As for technical problems, yea, there are some with this release. Most importanly, this game is locked in 60 fps. I don't mind 30+ fps limits, but in this case it also means that if your computer can't handle 60 fps then gameplay itself will slow down, not daring to skip the frames. Thus, slooooooooooooooooooowwwwww Soooooooniiiiiiiiiiic!Another bad glitch is that if the game detects while running that you have a controller that isn't xinput, then it's going to glitch up when you enter any cannon. Gameplay will just stop, nothing will happen. Pinball section in game also becomes unfinishable. So make sure that you play it with xinput gamepad. Keyboard is also possible, but please no, it's a platformer game.And yea, Deadly Six. They are main antagonist of this game, and they are supposed to be Deadly. Maybe. The plot is actually not good. Wasted. All the silly soap opera happens in cutscenes and seems to have no meaning in the end, Tails sub-plot just going past without any special gameplay related to it, ending just comes. Yea, could be good. I recommend to just watch ""Sonic Lost World in minutes"" from Roger parody after beating this one.And since it's Sonic game, it requires a separate mention of music. As usual, it's awesomesauce. No dissapointment. It actually has a different, less Sonic-like style to it. But by now, variety is a good thing. And look, it still has final boss music that is awesome, so there. Graphics are also simple, yet colorful and awesome.And when you start the game the most obvious thing about this one you will notice is that it's actually a shameless ripoff of infamous Knuckler's Chaotix special stages and the cancelled Sonic Xtreme. Which means that actually developers try out something new, to use various geometry shapes and gravity to give players more interesting choices of movement and environment, with tubes, mini-planets and such. It's still a linear game though.And most importantly, they changed Boost gameplay core into what they call Parkour. What it means is that while Sonic is much slower, you do much more of actual platforming, carefully positioning and having fun. As a gamer who's childhood was spent on the first Sonic The Hedgehog, I really enjoy this aspect. I sure missed. The feature of this gameplay is that Sonic now learned how to parkour, which in this case means that he learned to run over the side of wall or right onto it, which is a very excellent idea. Closer to what I wanted 3D Sonic to be like.Oh yea, and it has missions system. You can have three at the same time, but sadly they get to the point where instead of helping you to motivate to do something during main walkthrough, you have to go out of your way, possible into previous stages, and grind them out.Sadly, one of game's fault is that it explains how it works really badly. Or, rather, not at all. Thus I highly recommend to read the Steam community guide that does exactly that, which is better than having pain due to, say, not knowing that you can kick enemies. Or how wall-running works. Or to learn that you can go fast because the spin dash is actually limitless and you can keep speeding and spinning.Another thing is that game is quite hard. It's one of the harder Sonic games around, ignoring the 8-bit ones. You lose a lot of lives during stages. But you also gain more of lives. And I like it, an actual hard platforming. It does sadly have some gimmick stages that people don't enjoy, mostly snowball one, where you keep trial and erroring through, being hard to control. But oh well.Sadly, this game has a huge flaw. The bosses suck. Badly. It actually is more like the usual sad rule of 3D platformers ""hard stages, easy bosses"", main innovation of Mario 64. The thing is, though, is that Sonic is a game with linear stage progression and the difference in difficulty between stages and bosses is way too huge. As a result every boss is anticlimatic and even final boss makes the game feel empty. Which is worsened by the fact that the plot itself holds on Deadly Six being Deadly. But while the boss battles are varied, they die in pretty much one or two hits, being empty air, making plot empty air as well.But in the end, it's a good 3D platformer. I would recommend it, for gameplay and that stages are fun, while having awesome graphics and music. Just a shame that plot and bosses are almost not exist. I wish Sonic Team will keep moving in this direction, as I surely prefer this over the Boost mechanic."
,Recommended,329440,18934050,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,XD001,"The level themes are good, it looks good, music is great.Not too fond of the controls, though.I'd still recommend it for any Sonic fan, though."
76561198254304423,Recommended,329440,19318848,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Lenn,"As a Sonic fan that started off a fan when Sonic went third party on GameCube with the Adventure games and onward, i think this game is a amazing game, not really the best of Sonic but this game kinda throws back to the adventure days and that alone put a smile on my face, I'll admit that a few stages never felt like Sonic at times and the Parkour gameplay got in the way at times, the music sounded like a Sonic soundtrack which sega always get right which is great, the controls were a bit off as i held the run button down only to see Sonic pick up speed slower than he normally does in his games and in fact he doesn't feel fast at all imo unless you use the spin dash or wait for sonic to pick up some speed but i'm part of the people that thinks a run button is out of place, espiecally in a Sonic The Hedgehog game. But mostly it is a fun expierence that i can recommend to the Sonic fans that had a similar history with the blue blur of mine"
,Not Recommended,329440,20738360,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,MrGameandJosh,"I played this game on the Wii U when it launched, I remembered it being unimpressive and traded it for hyrule warriors, when it came to steam and went on sale, I gave it a second chance.. WellPros-Looks very nice, transitioned very well from the Wii U-The music is generally pretty good, not as good as the other games, and the voice acting is as good as ever.Cons-The story is forgettable, the deadly 6 are some of the most bland characters I've ever seen and most of the other cast are completely butchered.-Terrible level design, from random ""cinematic"" sections that add nothing or random gimmicks that change the controls for the worse, it's a complete mess to say the least.-Sonic has no speed whatsoever, and jumping loses all momentum, this causes the game to turn into a sluggish mess.-Overall poor game design, the parkour is really poorly implemented, losing momentum and obstructing you in 2D, Awful Wisp powers that add nothing to the experience, along with all the gameplay mechanics, controls and other poor aspects, turns this into one of Sonics weakest games to dateOverallDon't bother, it's a mundane forgettable mess that does nothing at all. I recommend getting any other Sonic game on steam over this pile of mediocrity."
,Recommended,329440,22972216,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Cpt. Moist Panties,"I'm confused by the Sonic franchise; everytime a game comes out it's apparently the worst game ever. I remember this title coming out for the WiiU and getting destroyed, and I also remember Sonic Colors coming out for the Wii and receiving the same treatment.I played Sonic Colors; it was actually a fantastic game with a great soundtrack. And I've played this title, and it's NOT a bad game. So it's either one of two things: either the Sonic franchise is legendarily good and the games never live up to the Half-Life esque levels of expectations, or a segment of people blindly hate the series.Whatever the case, Sonic Lost World is the previously WiiU exclusive Sonic title which was created with some collaboration by Nintendo. It shows; Unlike Colors or Generations (the last two 'mainline' Sonic games), Lost World is a slower, more platform oriented game in the vein of Mario titles. Not all levels are speed affairs whereby you have to make quick jumps and precise moves to get onto the faster path down the course. Granted, Colors had less of this than Generations, but Lost World is even slower than that.This isn't to say the game isn't fast. It's still a Sonic title and there are plenty of levels and segments that are speed affairs requiring quick reflexes, but for a Sonic game there's an unusually higher amount of 'slower' segments than these games typically contain. The experience isn't a constant, though. By which I mean: some levels are pure speed, others are entirely on-rails with you needing to jump from rail to rail, whilst a few are entirely 2D platforming levels. Overall it's a thoroughly mixed experience that feels 'experimental', with the developers trying out a bunch of different ideas. In many ways this feels more like Mario Galaxy 2 in how the levels can vary wildly in both length and design.In general, that variety maintains the game fresh and adds to the title. But some levels, like the slower, mario galaxy-esque 3D platforming levels I could do without. It's not that they were bad, it's that I don't wanna play Mario; I wanna play Sonic. Thankfully they're kept to a minimum and there are, like, less than 5 of those levels. But there's also some of the 2D levels which are also a little slow, and the on-rails levels which are pretty meh and linear to a fault. Granted, these aren't really critiques as the levels aren't bad, they're just not to my particular liking and wants in a Sonic title; you may disagree.Overall it's nothing amazing or groundbreaking like the levels in Sonic Unleashed and Generations; like I've said, the game feels somewhat experimental in how much variety it has. One of the downsides to that is that you may not always hit the mark, but this game generally stays close to it (or close enough to it) for me to have enjoyed my purchase. I'd say it's a forgettable Sonic title that doesn't do anything wrong, tries variety in its levels to varying results, and as a whole is a game to play and spend your free time with. In other words, not one of those ''must-play'' games that you MAKE time for, but more of a game that you SPEND time you have.Don't get the wrong impression; it's a good game. Just nothing astounding or worth noting; I'd give it a mild recommendation. If you have better games to play go for it, but since I'm somewhat of a fan of the series I'd say it was alright. It's certainly not a bad entry into the franchise, but it's also not noteworthy. It's just....another entry...into the franchise. If you like Sonic games you'll like this one, but you won't love it like Generations.It's worth noting that 3D platformers are somewhat rare nowadays, so it helps the title stand out. Unlike Colors or Generations, which I'd tell you to play, I'd say you can skip over this one. Not because its bad, but because it's whatever.5/10-an alright game (for reference a 6 would be above average and a 7 would be a GOTY contender; a 4 would be a  game with some notable flaws that bring down the experience). The only flaw this game really has in terms of control is how Sonic BARELY moves horizontally when jumping; you need a bit of momentum to really jump far. It made me fall into bottomless pits a few times and left me♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that this fuc*er BARELY moved to the right."
,Recommended,329440,19078899,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Lv.99 Lightning,"Game looks good (1920x1080 hd) and plays great, solid HD improved WiiU Port to PC. Well done SEGA! 10/10This isn't the best Sonic title - some levels may seem very lazy created, others are great and creatively build. Sonic seems a bit slower at times compared to his other games, and wallrunning may be a bit hard to pull off, but he's still easy to control.Controls were a bit iffy at launch with the Xbox One gamepad (and Xbox360 gamepad probably too), but with the publictest BETA these problems are solved (Whenever you ran you could accidentally open mission tab every time, but they changed it to the up button on the pad.) - Patch incoming December 11th.I do recommend playing with a gamepad (preferably an Xbox360 or Xbox One controller), this game isn't made to be played with keyboard/mouse!All in all, it's loads of fun and will give you a great time playing. 9/10"
76561198119217982,Recommended,329440,30694476,Posted: 23 March,all,Ryngak,"I feel this game has gotten a lot of undeserved hate, it's an ok platformer (one of the few on steam), and tries some new stuff, the down side is that it doesn't do all things as well as you'd hope. I liked it, but this is definitly one of the weaker sonic games available on Steam. If you've played all the other sonic games and want more, then try it out, otherwise I would recomend Sonic Generations, and/or Sonic adventure 1&2. Alternativly, the SonicCD remake is also very good. This game is recomended for sonic super fans only."
,Not Recommended,329440,33103964,Posted: 1 July,all,Sonic_RocketPotatoL62,"This game certainly doesn't deserve all the hate it gets, but it certainly doesn't deserve any praise either.A lot of people make a fuss out of the run button, but it's really not that big of a deal. although the button seems pointless because I'm just holding it down 98% of the time.Pros:-Great music-there are some good design choices-The game play is fluid once you master the controls-Honeycomb highway vaguely plays like generations-The wisps are not pace breakers-The level design is good sometimes.Cons:-The game isn't as hard as people claim. For the most part it's smooth sailing, but it can get really cheap sometimes, it's likely that you will quickly rack up lives and lose a large number of them in very specific places.-The game doesn't make a lot of effort to tell you how the game works.-The controls are quite complicated-The bosses are a complete joke-The plot is nearly non-existent, and is full of flat jokes.-The deadly six are generic both in personality and appearance, most of them are barely even villains.-The one level where you play as a snow ball is horrid-This is the game's biggest flaw, the giant pineapple's hitbox is inaccurate.-No effort is put into world building with the lost hex.-The 3-D portions of the game are composed only of basic shapes like tubes, spheres and rectangles.-The worlds have 0 originality and seemed ripped right out of mario, which isn't even that original to begin with.-This game doesn't feel like a sonic game at all, and this is coming from someone who has played and loved almost all of them.even as someone who bothered to get all the achievements in this game, I cannot reccomend this game to anybody because there is a large number of platformers on steam that are more worth your time than this. You aren't missing anything if you give this game a pass."
76561198062253282,Recommended,329440,19180589,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,sonicandnikhil,"SEGA has made a different type of Sonic. Although speed is lacking compared to the recent games i.e. Sonic Unleashed, Sonic Colours and Sonic Generations, to name a few;  the overall quality of the game is amazing, the music is always spectacular and there are many cheesy, but fun, gimmicky levels which makes old and new players of the series stick around for more. The only negatives, as far as I'm concerned, is the issue of controlling Sonic, because it  seems a bit odd at first. I also have no vibration feedback which is not so important but should still be a setting in options.Overall, it's a game to pickup and enjoy but don't compare this game to others. Try and think of it as a new approach."
76561198046500621,Recommended,329440,19024417,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,breadarms,"Excellent port, improved handling and runs like a dream"
,Recommended,329440,18862183,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,๋,better than fnaf
,Recommended,329440,34190916,Posted: 12 August,all,SkeleMan 21 Days.,"It alright. It not innovative or original, it average and long. but it alright. it reminds me of Mario Galaxy which i like better."
76561198274411466,Recommended,329440,26167137,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Shadow 789,at least its better thean no man's lies
,Recommended,329440,18843007,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,shdwpatrick,"From what I can see so far its a pretty decent port. Runs smooth, and looks great. I like how the map mechanic was retained by moving it to the pause screen. However, the graphics options are slim to none. Basic resolution options and a checkbox for shadows, grass, etc are all you get to work with."
76561198266933159,Recommended,329440,32811161,Posted: 26 June,all,Animator2faith,"The games graphics are nice and colourful, although the gameplay  gets very frustrating later on. Recomend if cheap."
,Recommended,329440,26108167,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Yandere-chan,"I must say, this game is a very well done port to PC from the Nintendo Wii U. A lot of the glitches are patched but trust me, many remain. Also, mods! :D"
,Recommended,329440,18983209,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,angry gay cat noises,I've gone too deep
,Recommended,329440,20742711,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,KillingArts,"It's a really good Platformer. A shame it sold so few copies. If we want more console ports, we have to buy the games, right? ^^ This game is worthy of your money, if you ask me. It's a very solid platformer with new mechanics (Sonic can do way more than in Generations) and a slower pace overall, which to me is a plus. Very good level design, nice music - 8/10.Well, if you enjoy platformers and find this Wii U port interesting, consider buying it. -66% less than 3 months after release - doesn't get better than that. ;)"
76561198063986740,Recommended,329440,18843167,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Spoonister,"It doesn't really feel like a Sonic game... Doesn't mean it's bad, it's quite fun. Portwise it's good enough, the res doesn't go higher than 1920 x 1080, but that's not really a problem for most normal people.Also it's really colourful and has a pretty damn good soundtrack, which is all that really matters.Oh, the controls are meh"
76561198180569046,Recommended,329440,34979830,Posted: 15 September,all,notgabenewell2,"It isn't as bad as everyone's making it out to be. It is a fun little game, it's challenging, it's nice to look at, it plays nice. It basically is Super Mario Galaxy but with sonic the hedgehog, and it's got my favorite voice cast of any of the games.But please for the love of GOD. Wait for it to go on sale. It really isn't worth $30. Pay $25 for it when the Sonic Bundle goes on sale. At least you get a ton of other games like Generations and the Adventure Saga (and it also bugs me how Heroes had a windows release but Sega never brought it to Steam...come on). But don't kid yourself. This isn't worth $30. At the very least it's worth $15."
76561198278861176,Recommended,329440,28987550,Posted: 3 January,all,amaechiawu,"I can tell you the main reason this game has so many negative reviews is because Sonic Lost World isn't like most sonic games, it's more platformy and jumping than running and boosting and has quite a lot of gimmicks. The game is slow compared to most but doesn't stop me from enjoying it.Pro's:-Runs well on low end PC's with 60FPS and great graphics-Mods-Super Sonic-Soundtrack-Parkour is greatCons:-Length-Plot(ish)-Not very well introduced charactersThis game is great in my opinion and if you have doubts I recommend you watch some YouTube videos"
,Recommended,329440,23884397,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,BruceSerrano,"""I've been dreaming of pounding your blue butt, Sonic."" Best one liner in a Sonic game, ever.The game starts off really slow with a distinct Mario feel. It progressively gets harder and more and more Sonic-like. The premise of the game is essentially: What would it be like if we made a Sonic game like Mario Galaxy? What they came up with was pretty good. It's worth noting the level designs took a lot of inspiration from Sonic 2 and Knuckles Chaotix special zones."
,Recommended,329440,18847858,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Tails' Cash Explosion,"""I'VE BEEN DREAMING ABOUT POUNDING THAT BLUE BUTT"" - ZazzMe too Zazz.Me too."
,Recommended,329440,18892734,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Wheatly099,"Sonic Lost World is the next main stream Sonic Game after Sonic Generations. For some it is a step backwards but for other's it is an underrated classic.For me, it is an underrated classic with a lot of Flaws. Although I say this. the first Playthrough I did on Sonic Lost World for Wii U made me despise it. After hearing it was coming to PC for some reason I was very excited and couldn't wait to give it another go.So before going into detail about the game itself, I will answer the question what is on everyone's mind for people who played it on Wii U.Is the PC port good?At first I didn't like the port because it was very lacking in the Settings department. I had to force Anti-Aliasing to make the graphics look amazing. Other than that it is locked to 60fps and sometimes there is slow down. So not the best port but playable.Is the Game good?StoryThe Sonic Franchise isn't really known for having a great story and Sonic Lost World is no acception. The new bad guys 'The Deadly Six' are nothing more than archetype's. They are very one dimensional and have no real purpose than being the bad guys. Although The Deadly Six are a let down, That doesn't mean the other character's like Sonic, Tails and Eggman are a let down as the character interaction's in this game are very good and may have you laugh sometimes.GameplayTaking away the Boost Formula was a very risky move by SEGA as Sonic Generations was a huge success due to the Boost formula. Instead we have Sonic at a walking pace, a run button, A Parkour system and the Spin Dash becoming useful again. This Port of Sonic Lost World improves the control and makes it a lot more tighter.Sonic Lost World does not tell you how to use a lot of it's features including the Parkour System.Because of the success of Sonic Colours wisp's make a come back. Now they are basically just power-ups which control ok-ish.Overall Sonic Lost World can be a very frustrating game at time's and especially on your first playthrough. If your a Sonic Fan or a Fan of Platformers maybe take a look at this misunderstood gem."
,Recommended,329440,18881415,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Runny Yolk,"Occasionally you'll be met with a tricky level  or two, but generally, this game is really good fun. And although I haven't got there yet, I know that this game brings back the ability to use Super Sonic during normal levels. I play with an Xbox One Controller, and I've had no controller issues. My PC has an AMD FX-6300, 8GB RAM, and a GTX 970. It can play the game at solid 1080p60fps, at max settings, and it has not crashed once.The Good:Gameplay: It has a flow that's pretty good, but not without its flaws, and the parkour (wallrunning/climbing, edgegrabbing) is a welcome and also logical extension of Sonic's abilities. The speed of the gameplay is just right; it's fast enough to keep me on my toes, but not so fast that I can't react to what it throws at me.Graphics: This game is actually quite pretty, and it uses the usual Sonic the Hedgehog aesthetics in a new, vibrant, and interesting manner. The animations, particularly Sonic's, are also quite excellent.Sound: A lot of the sound effects are fitting, modern recreations of the usual ones, and the soundtrack is a little different to previous games, but definitely not unwelcome. The game is generally a lot more vibrant than its slightly darker 3D predecessors, and the sound reflects that, ditching the electric guitars and power chords, in favour of traditional wind and string instruments, playing joyful sonatas.Level Design: The level design is the centrepiece of the aesthetic. It's truly insane, and at times, beautiful. For example, in one level huge sentient apples will roll around the place chasing you, and you have to lure the apple into a juicer, which will then produce a giant juice stream that you can use to travel to the next part of the level. Insane. The beauty comes in contrast, as in another level, you're travelling through an underwater tube, from which you can view the underwater wildlife.Script: Although it doesn't have much of a story (it is a kids game, after all), it's not an awful story, and some of the verbal burns the characters give eachother are pretty funny and unexpected (savage, bro). And sometimes just oddly dark, which gives it some amusement value.The Bad:Some gameplay elements, such as the auto-lock on (used for homing attacks) can interrupt the flow of the game a little, although the levels are very well designed, so it doesn't actually interrupt gameplay, but it doesn't quite have the same flow as the rest of the game. It's also sometimes unclear when Sonic or some enemy types are vulnerable to attack.It's also worth noting this game lacks cloud saving. Not that bad, especially as the save file is really easy to find. In the game's directory, the save file has a "".sdat"" extension. I copy+pasted it to another PC and it works perfectly, but having cloud save would be nice.The Ugly:The menus are largely unresponsive with a controller, at least. Thankfully you don't have to use the menus very often, but they are pretty terrible."
76561198304570321,Recommended,329440,26394561,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,devansengar,"This is probably one of the most underated sonic games out there but at the end of the day it like the game. Yea its not perfect by any means but its so much fun escpecially when mods are installed. People critisize this game becuase its not as fast as some of the other sonic games, but people need to remember that sonic has always been a platformer even in the genisis days. So I'm glad they went back to where sonic is a platformer. I love the gamplay but bewer of its level design. I recomend you proceed this with caution."
,Recommended,329440,19507290,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,JewBrownie,"I have mixed feelings for Sonic Lost World, but more on the postivie side. This game is a step in the right direction for fans who enjoy the classic games. The style is more cartoonish and colorful than what we are used to seeing. It leans even further from the edgy, ""real world"" sonic that was present in the early-mid 2000's 3D titles. I grew up playing the classic games, but spent far more time the Adventure games. As most of my friends know, I am a highkey die-hard Sonic fan. I'm a senior in high school and my passion for the series is just as strong as it ever was, and it probably wont ever go away. The day this game came out on steam I ran home early and downloaded this jank. I finally get to play Lost World 2 years after its WII U release.  Since Sonic Generations (a huge success), this game had alot to live up to, but does it do the fastest thing alive justice? It does! Kinda.This game is fun as hell! At times. Ugh, just when im having a blast at any point in the game, there is some gimmick or roadblock that changes the pace or dosn't give you enough control. I feel like SEGA wanted to please every single fan when making this, which is litterly impossible. When developing a game for a popular IP, there will ALWAYS be fans wanting diffrent things. Stick to a focus in gameplay style and perfect it! Sonic Advenutre 2 may have had 3 gameplay styles, but at least when I was playing as Sonic, the pace was constant and I was always running/grinding fast. This game tries so hard to be the entire ice cream parlor, but ends up awkwardly sampling all of the flavors. With that being said, running as Sonic feels very natural, the speed is perfect, and the 3D levels without gimics are the best parts.The story is really half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I don't usually care about story but I miss those epic moments from previous sonic games that made beating bosses/levels that much more satisfying. The conflicts are a bit forced, the ""Deadly Six"", which are the main bosses of this game, have 1-dimentional bland personalities. They are legit copy and paste villians from a 1st graders coloring book. The ending is an abolute dissapointment, please dont play this game for the plot! The plot really does suck, but there is some funny diologue, along with some intresting character interaction (Eggman is hysterical in this game). Most people skip the cutscenes, but I recommend watching em to get your full 30 bucks worth.As i stated earlier, I love how Sonic plays in this game! He is given alot of old abilities that he used to have, such as a spin dash, bounce ball, double jump, spin dash and DID I SAY SPIN DASH? Wanna gotta go fast through all the levels? VROOM VROOM ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Alot of fans are udnerwhelmed by the lack of physics in this game compared to previous titles, and I have to agree with that, but a new gimmic was added that I actually enjoy was added, called the ""Parkour System"". This is also super fun, you can climp/run accorss walls based on your speed. While its buggy at times, I'm glad it was added and hope to see it in future games.Warning: this game gets HARD AS♥♥♥♥♥♥ The difficulty curve comes out of nowhere and will truely test your patience and blood pressure. There will come a point where the VROOM VROOM just wont cut it, and you will only succeed with careful jumping and puzzle solving. Lava Reef Zone act 2 dosn't ♥♥♥♥ around. I don't think the game becoming hard is necessarly a bad thing, but I do feel that many of the moments I was stuck on wasn't as enjoyable as it could have been.I want to say I love this game, but there are too many little hiccups and gimmicks that make it hard to determine what kind of game this even is. Yea, its a Sonic game, but there are so many unnecessary gameplay features, such as the wisps, and controlling a giant snowball, that take away from the action and dosn't capture my intrest at all. Also, the 2D sections slow sonic down and are kind of pointless. But for what the game sturggules in, it makes up for in certain levels that you will find yourself going back to over and over.I only reccomend this game to Sonic fans, I hate to say it. I'm the kind of person who love to share my hobbies and intrests with other people who don't know much about it. However with this game I foudn that the more i played it, the more i got used to how it worked, and therefore enjoy it even more.Sonic Lost world is like fine wine. Most people will find it bitter at first, but with steady sipping and regular use, you will soon find it enjoyable on occassion.JewBrownie Final Vertict: 7.8/10    Not enough Knuckles"
,Recommended,329440,32707821,Posted: 23 June,all,Plush,"This game is... okay. I recommend a buy on sale, £4.99 is a steal for it.Don't play it for the story, however, because there's not really much to look forward to."
,Recommended,329440,21915169,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Rotnac,"This is one of the better modern Sonic games. That said, it's far from perfect. If I had to sum it up in one word, the game is competent.If you're looking for a fun Sonic game with a good sense of speed then you should probably stick with Generations which is probably still the best modern Sonic game. The pace of most of the levels run a bit of a slower pace than I would like and the levels that are intended to be fast and ""twitchy"" can be a tad frustrating in the later half of the game.The most frustrating moments from playing Lost World were rare but when they happened they were really frustrating. You'll likely encounter situations where Sonic does something - like wallrun when you don't want to - in a level that requires you to be quick or you'll die. Fortunately, the game is pretty forgiving and if you're dying a lot and are low on extra lives, you'll get a powerup pop-up at the start of a checkpoint that'll jump you ahead a whole section. Speaking of powerups, If you've played Sonic Colors (or Generations) then you'll find yourself in familiar territory as some Color powerups (and a couple new ones) have returned in LW.Overall, the levels are pretty forgetable. The music is tolerable but nothing special. Bosses are pretty easy. There are time trial modes if you're into that but for a game this slow it feels somewhat out of place in my opinion. This is a game I paid only 25% of it's full price and took me 8.5 hours to complete all the main and secret levels. It's not something I can see myself replaying like I would with a game like Generations where trying to finish a level as fast as possible feels super rewarding. I would still recommend it as a game to consider purchasing during a Steam sale.If you're looking for faster Sonic (or classic Sonic-inspired games) you're probably better off with Generations or Freedom Planet. I would still rank LW as a far better game than any of the Sonic Adventure games."
76561198093220408,Recommended,329440,23124195,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Sub Zero The Ice Ninga,Sonic Lost World is such an underrated game in my opinion and deserves more love althoughAIN'T A NINTENDO EXCLUSIVE ANYMORE HUH!
,Recommended,329440,30283149,Posted: 2 March,all,Oddly,"It is not a typical Sonic game it is actually very simular to mario galaxy and not as fast as you'd expect.Great game if this is what you are after but a slight disapointment to people who are after a faced paced sonic like Sonic Unleashed or Sonic Generations,The controls are clunky and do not feel like they respond like they should, that alone makes the game a little painful to play but that is me personally.In mind that this is aimular to mario galaxy the graphics are clean and imaginative although it feels kinda childish in gameplay I'd recommend this as a non sonic game FEATURING Sonic that way nobody expects him as his speedy self and more of a character like the all stars racing franchise.7.8 - RECOMMENDED"
,Recommended,329440,31053034,Posted: 9 April,all,Bonk,"This game is part of the better Sonic game's collection. I'm glad they tried different ideas for Modern Sonic, bringing the spindash back and adding a run button. It feels like I was playing a Sonic Adventure game before I refunded it. Honestly the Sonic fanbase is corrupted and isn't thankful that SEGA keeps making games, this game doesn't deserve all the hate and is actually a pretty fun game."
,Recommended,329440,19258273,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,diginerdster,"Soundtrack: 9/10Graphics: 8/10Artstyle: Very Cartoony though some might find that charming 8/10Gameplay: By the time you reach Zone 4, the difficulty decides you should know all there is to know about the game by now... 7/10"
76561198173747583,Recommended,329440,25278360,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Big Kahuna,"The game is fun until Frozen Factory, to say the least. It's very fun to play up until Frozen Factory, and the game is still fun after that.B u t   o h ,   d o e s   i t   g e t   h a r d ."
,Recommended,329440,18850560,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Dio Brando,Suprisingly the first PC port to not have an external launcher for the settings. Honestly it's really well doneGameplay is what you would expect from Lost world. I find it much easier to control.Overall the game is fun and a crap lot better than the 3DS version.Shame it doesn't have any form of multi.Overall 8/10
,Recommended,329440,19681419,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Spooky Meowt,I can play this game at 60 FPS with minor lag in the intensive areasthats a plus in my book
,Recommended,329440,33484932,Posted: 12 July,all,Axanery,"Sonic Lost World:Pros:- Well-crafted Acts/Zones- Lots of content with 4 acts per zone, free DLC level (for PC, that is), and two bosses per zone- Above-average storyline (not the best from Sonic, but still a good one)- Fun to play- Good controller and keyboard support- Music is awesome- Plethora of achievements- Overall just had a good time with it.Cons:- Locked to 60 FPS unless you go through a weird loophole that SEGA provided which makes the game all glitchy. Before I had my current PC, my laptop met the minimum specs and it was almost unplayable. SEGA should have been more attentive to porting this game from the Wii U.- A few things are just plain broken like the Music Wisp- Quite a few things are tedious and the difficulty scale is pretty high as you go along near the end- Very few graphics options.That's all I have, overall I give it a thumbsup and will recommend anyone to play if they have a good PC to handle it. Can't wait for Forces and Mania!"
,Recommended,329440,28164551,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,ruleof3rds,"Besides Sonic Colors, this is the only 3D Sonic game made of all original material that I have thorougly enjoyed (and Colors isn't on Steam at the time of this review.) It runs on perfectly on my 2011 laptop with dedicated video. It is a little less Sonic and a little more Mario Galaxy, but this was the mixture that made Colors so great, and to me it's worth the very shallow loss of some speed of gameplay. The controls work great for me on an Xbox 360 controller, and I didn't have to ""get used"" to the controls at all. Besdies Generations, it's the only 3D Sonic game I would recommend on Steam at this time. It's just fun to play in a way most 3D sonic games are not."
,Recommended,329440,20789475,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,🐧 crow,go and read any review for mario galaxy but replace mario with sonic and coins with rings. now think about all the things you could have gotten done in that time. you are wasting your life. go outside and look at the stars. think about what you have done.
,Not Recommended,329440,18871821,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,dimbosama,"Really enjoy this game, it's cool to finally get to play a Sonic game that was locked off on a system I didn't own for a couple of years, it has a lot ot enjoy as well. Like Colours and Generations it keeps the gameplay as a mix of 3D and side scrolling, which works better than it has any right to do. It's very much a case of Sonic does Mario Galaxy on many of the 3D sections, however the inside tube levels remind me of Knuckles Chaotix more than anything else. It's got classic Badniks, the story still keeps the Saturday Morning Cartoon approach that I enjoyed in the last two games. and the new controls work better than they sound on paper.But I can't recommend it. So much of this game is cheap rather than difficult. Moving upwards in a virtical scrolling level shouldn't create an instant death pit beneath you, and a lot of deaths feel forced or ineffectively telegraphed.If you're a fan of Sonic, you'll probably dig it, but I totally understand the lukewarm reception it received on the Wii U. If it felt tighter maybe a lot of that would go away, but it feeling cheap as opposed to challenging kinda breaks some of it for me."
76561198040879241,Recommended,329440,25582026,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,S.T.A.R.M.,"This game has hiccups. It will not be a silky smooth experience. BUt I still found it to be a enjoyable game.The game feels fine and I had no lag or technical issues. Runs 60 FPS on my decent computer. There arn't many options to turn down the graphics, so be aware if you're struggling to run it. Using a controler is the best way to play and I wouldn't advice using a keyboard.The game mechanics overall worked fine for me and I only experienced a  few times where the new mechanics fought me. Jumping and dashing feel great and works beautifully. I rarely missed jumps becuase of over extending or underextending. As long as I stayed on the overall path, I didn't have many issues. It was fun and enjoyable. Most of the games problems come into play when you go off the path.Red Rings, Ranking, and Time Trials were not fun for me at all. Because not only do they make some levels difficult, but they all demand the use of the parcore system. The only one that never felt right to me was the parcore. It feels twitchy and not well implemented into the tube level desighn where you need to quickly make moves to navigate. It either can feel unresponsive or too responsive depening on the situation. This will either make you fall off the edge or over shoot your aim. I rarely experienced trouble with this system when just rushing though the level because it rarely made me use it, but when it'srequired to get the red rings and to go though levels faster makes Sonic Lost world go from a fun game to something I had to put down for periods of time so I didn't break the controler.There are also special level gimmics that will ruin your experience if you try to be a completionist about them. The differen't and akward controls make them a nightmare to master to get all the side stuff. It's just something you grudge off if you're rushing though them, but again, if you go for those extras, you will have a miserable time.The only issues these bring up is replayability. I and my friends are glad we played Sonic Lost world, but it's somwthing you don't go back to to master the controls and speedrun. It's not a game That's very fun to go back to besides a casual run though. If that's not a issue for you, then I say give Lost world at least a try. Maybe get it on sale if you're hesitent about it."
76561198158886752,Recommended,329440,29119159,Posted: 8 January,all,Zapera.ted,9.5/10! I would love a video qulaity option for better frame rates for slow computers.
76561197997692128,Recommended,329440,22723379,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Enlight,"Absolutely amazing game, perfect in everyway.Its a new Sonic Game as you would expect: fresh, original and with an unbeatable soundtrack.10/10"
,Recommended,329440,19160932,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Brian C. (The Schmaltzy Cynic),"I mean no hyperbole when I say Sonic Lost World is the best 3D Sonic game despite its flaws.Why? Because SLW has none of the filler no one asked for found in other 3D Sonic games--the Adventure games' emerald shard hunting or the walker sections, the illusion of choice from Heroes, Adventure games or Shadow the Hedgehog, and the forced mini-games of Sonic Generations.Another reason is that SLW focuses on what makes Sonic special. This is the game that finally puts the 2D style gameplay of the classic games into the 3D games, and it's because this game is about three things: Sonic, skill and speed.Is it worth the $30 price tag? I don't think the game offers enough, although you will get 10 to 12 hours of gameplay (especially if you go for the Red Rings, which I would recommend). But if you can get this game at half-price, you should definitely give this game a chance.(Also, don't play this game without a controller. You won't have a good time.)Isn't That the Mario Galaxy Ripoff?The funny thing is the more I played SLW, the more this game reminded me of Mario 3D World. Except with Sonic.Think about it: The premise of 3D World is encorporating the 2D gameplay for a 3D game. And this is probably the best, succinct description I can give for SLW. (It's very obvious when you put the Classic Sonic model on this game; he perfectly fits into the gameplay.)You have the spin-dash, which can be a serious tool for speedrunning as you can chain together spin-dashes, the Classic games' power-ups found within your inventory space, the Eggman capsules, the transitions between 2D and 3D gameplay, and the branching pathways should you screw up. I would include Super Sonic in every stage but that's been a standard since Colors.Included in old mechanics we also have the Bounce Bracelet, a second jump, ledge-climbing, the upgraded homing attack and the parkour system from the start.The last inclusion can be the bane of many players as the game doesn't properly teach you how to use it. You'll have to experiment on your own with how the system works. (And whenever you go into 2D sections, let go of the run-button.) But the parkour system is only necessary should you choose to go for the Red Rings.But many fans of Generations might not like the lack of the boost button, and scoff at the run button. Sonic still moves fast enough to make speed a challenge, and I'm of the opinion that boost mechanic in Unleashed and Generations makes Sonic too fast to control properly. I prefer the spin-dash and run-button option for a sense of speed.You also have the Wisps from Colors, but, again, this content mainly serves as an alternative to the parkour challenges if you haven't gotten used to them. (But there are a few Red Rings that require them. Very few.)As the parkour and wisps play into alternative paths, the level design offers a subtle difficulty option as most levels have broad paths with varying levels fo difficulty. But it never becomes a laybrinthe--except for the first ice level which has a confusing route--and if you press the pause button, you'll see that the levels are still linear.So if you grow tired of the harder challenges (collecting the Red Rings), then you will probably be fine sticking to the normal route as the platforming still offers a good challenge.Is This a Perfect Sonic Game?Absolutely not, and it has to do with the lack of polish to some of SLW's gameplay.The main cultprit is the parkour system. the second is the ice-mechanics, and the last are the bosses. All of them.For the 2D sections, you will want to let go of the run-button whenever you approach a wall; he'll climb right up into the wall's cooch and get stuck there. The nuances of running along walls can also be an obstacle too if you aren't sure how it works.For example, one Red Ring requires you to run up a wall, then hop along it to a section where you can run and jump from one wall to another at a certain height (all with the run button, the thumbstick and the jump button.)Like the spin-dash changes, the parkour system is something simple to understand, but challenging to perform, and I think for the most part it relies on the player's skill than a shoddy implementation.I don't find the ice-mechanics themselves intolerable, especially once you realize you have better control while letting go of the run button. My main problem is when you are running and jump, Sonic performs a pirouette with no control. Worse, you can't use the second jump to save yourself.The Deadly Six are chumps, and only towards the final area of the game do they pose a real problem. But one of unfairness because the level-changes can kill you without knowing. However, like the Classic games, the lead-up to the bosses are still platform levels and so the fights do not take up a level themselves.And as much as I praise the game's level-design, some levels don't have branching pathways. I'm okay with this because if every level was of Sonic running around cylinders I would probably get ill. I like to think these are breathers for players, but the game could use more of its branching pathways than we have now.The Wisps aren't given an explanation for why they're here, but I don't really care to think about it. The story is a simple ""Stop Eggman!"" plot with obvious twists, and even when the game gets more serious, it still is light-hearted to not get broody.There are some lines and scenes that do genuinely surprise me. For good and bad reasons.""I've been dreaming of pounding that sorry blue butt."" --Not a fanfiction, but actual canon.Mods: They've Only Just BegunAt the current time of this review, the mods for SLW are different models for this game. (And I would recommend the Classic Sonic mod for a Sega CD vibe.) But I can see modders using the parkour system in SLW over Generations to make some really interesting level designs or remakes of fan-favorites.It's still amazing how many mods are already out there, and I imagine soon that will be a selling point.Some Changes from Wii U VersionNo two-player cooperative mode. (No Wii U pad.)No carnival games. (No Wii U gimmicks for the pad.) Game has less animals to collect.Analog stick controls for Wisps.No LoZ and Yoshi levels. They were 5 min gimmicks anyway. (The Nights' level is great for farming for 15+ lives every 100k points. Yeah, a score-system with no purpose.)100 rings gives you lives now, but I think this was patched on the Wii U too.No tutorial prompts.Rebindable keys, not rebindable controllers.A Few Misteps With Every Great StrideEven if you don't find SLW a good game--as many fans feel towards it--the game is a great test for Sonic's gameplay design to see what works and what doesn't work. Hopefully, Sonic Team will not disregard the SLW gameplay entirely for something new just because of many fans' legitimate gripes with its execution."
76561197989413633,Recommended,329440,23133174,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Zaandin,"For me Sonic Lost World is probably the best 3D Sonic game that Team Sonic have created, second only to Sonic Generations. Everything about it is solid. The controls are responsive (despite the controversial run button), the levels are pretty well designed with many alternate paths and secrets. It's bright and colourful, despite it clearly being a Wii U port. It runs at a nice 60 FPS. Sure it has jaggy edges but the art design carries the visuals. It might be a slower Sonic and takes perhaps too many cues from the Super Mario Galaxy games, and may not have many new ideas. But for what this game is, I say check it out, especially if it's on sale. ^_^Put it this way, it's waaaay better than Sonic Boom."
,Recommended,329440,22969618,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Adam XYZ,"Lost World is alright, but for me it's a one and done type of game.If you want my advise, wait for the game to go on sale, then give it a shot, I don't think it's worth it's $30 price tag, I bought it for $15 which is more a reasonable price.Positives- Good Visuals- Great music, but there are better Sonic soundtracks.- I do appreciate the good a** kicking this game can give you, although some deaths did feel rather cheap.Negatives- Why does Sonic need a run button idk- Sonic felt rather stiffIt's still worth a shot if your a dedicated Sonic fan, but for me, it's a tolerable game.I give Sonic Lost World a 7.5/10"
76561198045794663,Not Recommended,329440,20727668,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Azman2004,"This game is just...ugh. I couldn't even stand to play through the first zone. The parkour is more broken than a modded Mirror's Edge. The bosses are too easy. Don't play it, even if it's on sale."
,Recommended,329440,18860557,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Gotta Play Fast,"Sonic Lost World for the pc is a great port, before I start let me just tell you something quickly, this is the first steam sonic game, TO HAVE GRAPHICS CUSTOMIZATION IN GAME! But that's not really a selling point now, is it? first off the resolution only goes up to 1080p, which is fine for me, secondly, DON'T PLAY THIS GAME WITH A KEYBOARD! your fingers will probably fall off (not really) play with a controller. thirdly the game plays great, well it did for me some people found it hard to get used to the run button, but when the game came out for the wii u I found it easy to get used to, also the parkour is pretty nifty once you get it down resulting in some cool shortcuts lastly, SEGA you did good, this shows that you can make good ports, but just one more thing......PORT UNLEASHED TO PC!! XD"
,Recommended,329440,20948531,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Coil_Whine,"A much slower-paced platforming affair, Sonic strikes another hit with Lost World! Fun bosses, rewarding achievements and tricky red star rings await!"
76561198184874435,Recommended,329440,25621132,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Doge,It's a good game. Worth buying it if you are a Sonic fan. I personaly enjoyed it because of the new parkour mechanic!
76561198022552742,Recommended,329440,30666509,Posted: 22 March,all,Handsome Catz,"This game is amazing.While the fact that it has a ""Mixed"" Rating might turn you down but don't let it.This game is an amazing game with great level design.First off the main reason people give this game trash is because of the controls.They added a run button. Is this a bad thing, To me no. But to some who liked the old sonic building up speed you'll most likely be turned down by this feature.The level design is amazing!, 3D and 2D levels are both amazing, Most of the boss fights are fun for me, Only some of them being dull and boring.So do I recommend this game?. Yes if you are a sonic fan who doesn't mind a bit of slow paced gameplay every now and then, (It can go really fast at times) Then you'll enjoy it, sure the controls are tricky, But when you get used to them there like a charm.But if you prefer the old build up of speed and don't like Climbing and  parkour and sometimes tricky controls.Then I'd turn your back on this game and get ""Sonic generations"" Instead."
,Recommended,329440,18942891,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Alor' Alq,"It's a nice break from the boosting gameplay like in Unleashed, Colors, and Generations. I like the parkour style, but it could have been refined a little better, the controls with the parkour are a little iffy, and wall running are probably the worst the controls get. It's a lot more comfortable playing with an Xbox One controller than a Wii U Gamepad. Main game is easy, challenges (red star coins and special zones) can actually be challenging (for me, a Sonic fan who isn't very good at Sonic games.) Level design is interesting at the very least, very fun some times, very bland other times, and flat out annoying or stupid very rarely.Music is great, no surprise.Visually, the menus look crap, but in-game it looks perfectly fine and runs great.Overall... 7/10Replayability...? without mods, not much after achieving 100% completion; with mods, plenty.SEGA, try this parkour style again, good on you for focusing more on platforming than speed, just bring in momentum again, (the ""heyday"" you were talking about) but in a more realistic world (such as Sonic Adventure 1 & 2, '06 or Unleashed)."
,Recommended,329440,21874119,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,docvalentine,"it's a sonic game, where you play as sonic. you run around and can almost always see what's going on.decent musicnone of the 200X sonic friendsjust sonic, and running, and being able to see where you're goinghaters who think it's too slow don't realise there's a run button"
,Recommended,329440,30908775,Posted: 2 April,all,Moth Andromed,Played first on wii u. This is my favorite 3d platformer of all time. You should be walking just as much as running (like sonic 1) the levels are so replayable the secrets are better hidden than banjo kazooie and the game feel is awesome once you realize this isnt a rollercoaster sonic game. One of the best platformers of all time! if you like platformers there is nothing better on pc. ok tech issues if your computer cant run 60 fps then you must set your launch options to --F305 stars
76561197970595714,Recommended,329440,22358069,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Creedofmark,"I've played pretty much all of the Sonic games over the years, with the exception of some of the Game Gear ones, and this one is probably the 3d game that has the most 'feel' of the 2d games.  I know it got a lot of stick for being a Mario Sunshine ripoff, but there is anything quite like it on PC, and it's certainly a slick port, 60fps though I recommend enabling antialiasing externally to get rid of the jaggies.It's been fashionable to rip on Sonic games for years now and while they aren't always the best on the market, (and I still can't believe how poor Sonic 2006 was!) they still have a style of their own and this one feels like on of the best.  Gret to have a game I can play with my 2-year old sat on my lap telling me when to jump."
,Recommended,329440,21698676,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Joski,"First off: I can see why people don't like this game. If you like it, congratulations. I like it too. The story is simple, and so is the gameplay. Controls are good, etc. Level design is also good, and balanced between speed and platforming.While there's no breaking any sound or light barrier in this game, gameplay is still relatively fast.Parkour is a new mechanic, and is the only thing I both love and hate in this game. It's difficult to learn, but when you do, it feels so satisfying to parkour across the level.Story is surprisingly simple this time around. Won't be Adventure 2 or Unleashed level of story, more like Generations.Dialouge is... okay. Some jokes were just stupid, some made me chuckle, and some made me laugh.The main enemies were.... okay, I can see why we haven't seen them since.If you're worrying about glitches, because of the franchise's reputation with glitches, you won't find many here. Some minor, some normal, few game-breaking. You won't be dying every four seconds by clipping through the floor. This ain't '06 or Rise of Lyric.Overall, I recommend this game to both Sonic fans and Newcomers, but if you're expecting speed like Unleashed and Generations, look somewhere else."
,Recommended,329440,18857152,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Sea,"It's not actually a bad sonic game for once. I'm not a die hard sonic fan, but I did dislike a lot of the newer sonic games like Black Knight and 06.Buuuut this, Lost World, was the one of the two sonic games (Other being Generations) that really just made me go ""whoa ok sonic is good again""It has what a lot of the newer SANIC games do have, like switching between 2d and 3d play styles. It's fun though.dont forget to go fast."
,Recommended,329440,18884785,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Haalyle,"Very nice port.I've played an hour of it so far and I'm having fun!One thing that bothers me, not being able to turn V-sync off... seriously! It should be an options, otherwise this games is awesome! :D"
,Recommended,329440,20859749,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Cherry,"Ported from the Wii U, Sonic: Lost World lands on Steam! Let's take a look and see how well this port holds up!.Let's start by taking a look at the game itself.StoryEggman's up to something again and he has some backup on this one! A group known as the Deadly Six, formed by lifeforms known as the Zeti, a race of creatures native to the Lost Hex, a mysterious and unexplored continent floating in the sky and the main setting for our adventure. It's up to Sonic to foil Eggman's  plan once again!.GameplayCounting with 32 levels, Sonic: Lost World features a more traditional platformer style with some of the speed Sonic is known for.It mixes 2D and 3D sections. The former being more reminiscent of something out from a 2D Mario game, with a slower pace with lots of jumping and less running around. The later containing mostly cylindrical levels, places that allow Sonic to run on a cylinder shaped level that lets you move forward while running around the walls/floor and sections that are pretty similar to levels from Mario Galaxy, a spherical chunk of land with it's own gravity field. For the most part the level design is pretty good, most of the 3D levels allowing you to keep some momentum and speed around in classic Sonic fashion, however the 2D sections, while good, interesting and well designed for the most part, go against the sense of speed that one expects from a game of this franchise.The game tries to keep it fresh by adding a few levels with different sections such as grinding, flying, ice skating, rolling around as a snowball and sliding down in sand, while the grinding and flying sections are okay, the rest feel a little bit gimmicky, adding some weird momentum and restricting movement, making the levels annoying and harder than they should. Fortunately enough, the game spawns a power up capsule with a wing inside that will allow you to skip a section of the level once you failed several times in a row. sometimes it can be annoying as you might not want to grab it, but it will spawn on a pretty awkward spot that will make it hard to miss it.The Wisps from Sonic Colors also make a comeback on this game allowing you to take alternate routes on the levels but ultimately  adding nothing to the game. The game adds the ability to parkour. Sonic can run, climb and jump along walls with this new mechanic, Even though these individual movements have been previously showcased, the parkour mechanic allows you to use any wall in the environment rather than just specific parts. It's really neat and has its moments but could be better implemented.The bosses, they're uninteresting, the battles are nothing special and Instead of having a dedicated stage for the boss battle, you have to fight them on the final part of the second and fourth stage of each zone, meaning you'll be stuck in a boss battle when you only wanted to play a level as fast as you can.Music and art styleRather than aiming for realism in the visual style, Lost world presents a cartoony look with really vibrant colors, round edges and lots of basic shapes making most of the scenery. However, accompanied by the level design, it really makes up for an interesting experience and some really nice and beautiful visuals.The music, it has to be the best part of this game, I've fallen asleep listening to some of the music on this game, it's justso relaxing and beautiful.It has a slower pace when compared to most Sonic games but it's very fitting when paired with the levels, it's because of both that each zone has a really distinct feel to it. Forming a great atmosphere and making the levels really enjoyable to play.PC Port stuffBut what about the porting itself? Well, here things start to get a little worse.For starters, the game is locked at 60FPS, which might be bad news for all those power-PC users and a horrible thing for people with low-end specs, since the game suffers from a terrible slowdown that makes everything run REALLY bad. SEGA released a PBT version for the game, which can change the frame lock on the game, but it can break the physics making the game unplayable.The port is also missing the multiplayer component of the game, so no multiplayer races for the PC users.The controls with keyboard are simple and really good. They can be remapped in any way you like, I only had a small problem where the game would change the Sprint key from Left Shift to Right Control every time I start up the game, I have no idea what's causing it, but it's just a minor issue.So, in short+Nice visuals and style+Beautiful music+Good sense of speed+Nice level design+Interesting movements for Sonic-Game suffers from terrible slowdowns if you run it below the 60FPS limit.-Mediocre, forgettable and really easy boss battles.-Some gimmicky sections and power-ups that don't add a lot and can be frustratingShould I get it?Sure! I recommend this title to players that love platformers. Even better if you can snatch it with a discount. Just make sure you can run it at a steady 60FPS or your experience will be really hindered by the slowdown.A pretty good game that has some minor flaws and some technical problems but is a nice addition to your library."
,Recommended,329440,24749053,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Donut Boy,"When I first played this game I didn't like it at all. The controls were just too confusing, and the level design was a little weird. Back then I was also really bad at games, so that's probably why I thought that. Just recently I've been looking online and I saw people actually giving this game good reviews. I was confused because I thought no one liked this game, but I was wrong. I decided to give this game another chance since the PC version released. This game is a lot better if you take the time to learn how to control Sonic. It changes the game from having unfair level design to a fair challenge. The game's also much faster if you learn how to use the infinite spindash. If you're very unforgiving when it comes to video games, don't buy Sonic Lost World, because this game has some flaws. There are some bad levels, but there's more good than bad in my opinion. If you're like me and don't mind stuff like that after a while, then give this game a try."
,Recommended,329440,25257363,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,EnragedNeedlemouse,"Not the best Sonic game, but there is enjoyment to be had. Shame they didn't go back to the boost formula of Generations/Colors/Unleashed."
,Recommended,329440,21740841,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Zenta,"Wow, I refunded this game the other day, got back my $32.99, the game didn't work right on 30FPS, so I bought it on the Wii U, because it had more features plus HD 60 FPS 1080p.Now I'm getting it again, but it'll only be for the mods, the Wii U version is superior, but this is an okay port, minus the PC constraints.Onto the review...TL:DR version; Do you like Sonic Adventure DX and 2? Sonic Lost world gave me the same feeling as playing my beloved Adventure series, it's got a free playstyle, no linear paths or forced running, you can walk if you want to!Also the infinite spindash, bounce bracelet effect and parkour makes the game 99.5% more fun.Long version;Sonic Lost world brings the ""Out of this world"" feel of Mario Galaxy, mixed with the freedom of Sonic Adventure, and clashes them together with Sonic's new parkour skills, it gets rid of the overused dashing ability from Sonic Colors and so on, and lets you spindash again.Remember the spindash long jump from Sonic Adventure? We can do that again.And if you believe in Madeon and SEGA, we seem to be getting the THIRD installment of Sonic Adventure! I really hope it's real, and that SEGA finally woke up.In short, buy this game if you want to feel nostalgia."
,Recommended,329440,21976268,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Seph,"Starts off slow but... it's kinda good. Took a while to grown on me.It's a slower paced platformer compared to other 3D Sonic games. It focuses more on controllability over a purely wack sense of speed, which I liked.The levels are colorful and well designed, and there's great variety in both gameplay and graphics.I'd say that the game's pretty tight once you master its mechanics, but you can play for a while without knowing about some of them (it actually took me a while to notice that there was a run button and that I could kick enemies or charge Sonic's homing attack). It was one of the very few cases in recent memory where I'd have enjoyed a simple, quick tutorial.Sometimes the physics feel sluggish and annoying on 2D mode, so be warned.Kind of a 7/10 game overall that I highly recommend if you're a sucker for Sonic."
,Recommended,329440,20750294,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Twirl,"Great game!Not like the other Sonic games, but it has its own moments!Its not as fast as usual but i like the focus on platforming more.Love that they ported it to PC!"
,Recommended,329440,25826694,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,FleetZen,"Is This a Good Game?Honestly, I think it's alright. This game definitley feels like a pc version of Mario Galaxy with a Sonic Aesthetic along with new additions.The Good StuffCasual GameplayInteresting Stage Designs and PlatformsEnemies both new and oldGimmicky but not dull bossesThe Bad StuffOverall Zone Desgins are offPersonal NickpickControl Design with lack of proper tutorialMomentumKILLSdouble jumping will halt all built up momentumGrinding Levels that rely on MomentumshudderOverallI could only recommend people who are Sonic Fans and are willing to try something different for a change.If so, I suggest getting it on sale when the moment arises. I hope that if the developers ever do make another one of these games in a series, that they tweak everything that was done before. Thanks for Reading!"
76561198172373075,Recommended,329440,18998748,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,TeamKennyAlways,"Sonic Lost World is a really good Wii U to PC port. The graphics are great, the level designs are fantastic, the characters are lovable, the story is interesting. The best part is Sonic's controls, he handles like never before.I did have some issues at the start of the game, it was quite laggy and running rather slowly but it seemed to sort itself out later on in the game. Despite this, it was a very enjoyable experience, and there is a lot of replay potential. Would definetly recommend."
,Recommended,329440,20667258,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,TSx* Naxer,"I bought this game about a week or so after it was released on PC.My wooden deskopt had a really bad time running it. Thankfuly, SEGA made me able to play it on beta build... quite buggy build... and it was annoying... but I managed to finish the game anyway.Now when I have cheap laptop that is actualy a beast, I played this game just once. I didn't need beta build, I had smooth 60 FPS (the game is locked to this FPS in standard build). Yet still, I just didn't have much fun.The problem with SLW is not FPS lock, copy-paste of Mario Galaxy or Sonic being slow. The REAL issue with this game are controls. It just feels weird and difficult. Even after finishing the game I still can't get a hang of this all parkour and run button.Don't misunderstand my ""Yes"" recommendation.  To me, SLW doesn't deserve to be recommended, but neither to discourage anyone from buying it. I can, however, give you a tip. If you want to buy Sonic Lost World, buy it when it's on sale. That 30 Euro I've spent wasn't worth it. If it was for maybe 15 Euro or less, I'd call it a good purchase."
,Recommended,329440,21894577,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,King Vegeta,"SEGA just has to keep reinventing the wheel, don't they?  Don't get me wrong, this isn't a bad game but it just falls flat on almost everything it's trying to emulate from the Galaxy series. Also, holding the R-Trigger to run makes for a very odd way to play a Sonic game & it makes my hand cramp.PROS-Solid PC Port-Includes Nights DLC-Unique style gameplay compared to other Sonic games-Well Done Animated CutscenesCONS-It's boring-Clunky & Painful Controls-It does very little with the Galaxy-like design-Absolutely must have a controllerStoryThe story is pretty basic, even for a Sonic game.  It starts off with Sonic riding with Tails on his biplane chasing after Eggman who's capturing critters to use for his experiments.  Your plane gets shot down into this new place called the Hex.  Sonic then chases down Eggman only to blunder & release some new minions from his control.  It then turns into Sonic stopping these Deadly Six from destroying the world.  That's pretty much it.GameplaySo this is where things get iffy.  First of all, you know how in most sonic games you hold forward to run & then there's a boost, spin dash & a jump?  Well whoever directed this game thought it would be a good idea to give Sonic a run button.  My guess is because of how the new world is designed to go slow, or at least slower than other Sonic games.  Now, a run button doesn't sound like a bad idea when so many other games use one but good god, they couldn't have picked a worse button to map it toward.  You have to hold down the Right Trigger constantly in order to move fast and oh my god is this terrible.  After a few minutes of holding it down my hand starts to cramp and you need to hold it down a lot.  Not only because you use it to run but you also use it to cling to walls for wall jumps & parcore maneuvers.  This game is basically an endurance test for me to see how long I can handle my hand straining from holding down a trigger that wasn't meant to be held down this long.Then there's the level design.  It's trying to be like the Super Mario Galaxy games but it does absolutely nothing with it.  If you've played the Galaxy series you know how much fun it is jumping around worlds & platforming around in low gravity.  This game has very little going for it in that area.  They basically decided to make levels in the style of the Galaxy games but you still just run straight to the very end.  No little extra areas to unlock, & aside from the red rings there's nothing to collect.  The game does give you Omachao challenges but these offer very little reward.  You basically get a random item to use in stages.Another thing this game does poorly is the tutorial.  In which, there isn't one.  So you basically gotta figure out how to play the game on your own with some Question marks giving you vague explanations in the first level.  I didn't even know I had an item box until halfway through the game when it said I had too many items & had to delete one.  Also, the game's UI looks like it was designed for the Wii U gamepad since you have no way of knowing what button opens what menu.  Would you guess that R3 opens the item box?  Cause I didn't know that & the game doesn't do much in the way of telling me & no situation where I had to use it to know it even existed.OVERALLThis is, for the most part, a very generic 3D platform experience especially for a Sonic game.  It's not a bad game, but it does absolutely nothing to expand the franchise.  If you decided to skip this one you wouldn't be missing a whole lot.  I'd say only get this if you are a big SEGA or Sonic fanboy like I am (even then you should wait for a sale) or if you have some kids that need something to keep them busy.  And make sure you have a comfortable controller because holding down the R-Trigger is the absolute worst part about this game."
,Recommended,329440,19468212,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,bushidoviking,"I preordered it because I, like everyone else, was hungry for more decent sonic games I don't have to kill my phone for, so I also got all-stars racing which I will review on its own page.It's polished* and beautiful**.*Once you get it running right on your system, which is a fairly simple research/learning experience.**Although it's not the ""realistic"" artform we've come to expect.This game, introduces a new element to sonic's movement profile.  I really enjoy learning and perfecting the parkour, jumping from wall to wall and using momentum to run straight up walls like some blue 3' tall jackie chan on speed, just feels right for sonic and incredibly fun.  We've seen him do these things in game cut scenes!  As fun as this is, it deminishes knuckles' ability to climb or tails' ability to fly, since all but the highest platforms are now accessable to sonic.This game also gives us back the wisps, which I rarely find myself using, and thats the way it should be.  Perhaps in future games, they should be present but not pushed into your face (maybe placed in hidden difficult to reach areas), and more like a cheat to get past a difficult agility or combat obstacle rather than a necessity.Speed? Ugh...For some reason the only time Sonic runs is after hitting a dash pad.  I get it, the focus of this game is platforming, and there are plenty of areas where running fast would be a bad idea anyway, but you're not really given enough time to explore per mission.  Is this a ploy to force replayability? Because you ""gotta go fast?"" I hate to think that, but unless you know where the special areas are by stumbling upon them or watching youtubes, you won't have time to look for them.Unfortunately, once again, you are on sonic lock.  There is no option to play any other character.I've heard tell that this is just a blue copy of some mario game, but I don't know, I'm not a mario fan.  I've always been a sonic nerd, since the origional release of sonic 1, and I will continue to play until the seriese is buried (and probably after that too).All of the above don't paint the game in the greatest light, so I will say it explicitly: The game is fun, challenging at times, with some replayability, I would say it's worth it if you're ok with the price for a sonic game without the speed we expect."
,Recommended,329440,19278025,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Pyrolex_,"Sonic is back and better than ever (in the fans' opinion, that is).Sonic Lost World is a fluid mix of parkour, platforming, and speed-running.Two moves are returning from older Sonic games -- holding down the right trigger whilst standing still allows use of the Super Peel-Out, a move not seen since CD. And the Spin Dash returns as well, adding to the mix.Omochao sadly returns, but all he does is give you missions. He never states what to do, all he does is give you missions which turn out profit when completed.Your Steam icon is very low-res, appearing blurry and lingers there. If this could be fixed, that'd be great.One of the many good things is that the Color Powers, or Wisps, from Sonic Colors return, and new friends join the mix -- Asteroid, Bomb, Eagle, and so on.For me, the framerate seems a bit slow. Not laggy, but it seems more like slow-mo than a 60-FPS HD Sonic game.The music is spot-on, catchy, and possibly one of the best soundtracks in all of Sonic.I highly reccommend you buy this game. It is very worth the thirty dollars."
,Recommended,329440,32676865,Posted: 23 June,all,Shiverburn Pigeon,Van't manage to use an Xbox controller because it causes game to crash (so i bounded it to my wii u classic controller pro) but other than that Its the wii version but with updated graphics and i love it
,Recommended,329440,18846450,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Rukumouru,"The closest 3D Sonic has ever come to being like 2D Sonic (specifically the Genesis/MegaDrive games), and it's GOOOOOOD. Have this game on Wii U - The port is flawless. 1080p, locked 60fps throughout. Supports FXAA through drivers, vsync is forced in-game by default. Supports XInput controllers, including my own Xbox One controller, without any issues whatsoever.Now, onto the game itself: It's the best 3D Sonic game, quite simply. Only Sonic Generations comes close to being as good as this. Close, but not quite. Unlike Sonic Generations, Sonic Lost World is more controllable. Sonic's movement has pinpoint precision, which means this game is significantly more focused on exploration and precision platforming.In a nutshell, this is finally Sonic's break into 3D the way it should have been 20 years ago. Sonic Lost World is to 2D Sonic what Super Mario Galaxy and, to a lesser extent, Super Mario 3D World, is to 2D Mario."
,Recommended,329440,31783182,Posted: 16 May,all,MrBootyCream,"Sonic Lost world is the latest port of Sonic games to the PC, a lot of us get worried about ports ever since games like Akrham Knight. This isnt a game like Generations or Unleashed, it has more of an adventure style feel. With that said ill list the pros and cons to make this easier for everyone.Pros:Great gameplay, something newVoice acting was goodAchievements were fun to grind forI didnt drop frames or have compatability issuesBosses werent too difficult but make you thinkMechanics were amazingCons:Some cutscenes werent all that impressive graphics wisecheesy dialogPretty shortStory was decentOverall 7/10They did a great job bringing Sonic back and hopefully they bring more games to the PC, I recommend getting this game on sale if possible."
,Recommended,329440,31022232,Posted: 8 April,all,TheRealGDRME | GDRawMeatEater,1 word: awesome
,Recommended,329440,29928178,Posted: 14 February,all,Zonk30,"The storyline is boring, the soundtrack has some good songsThe gameplay is a bit clonky for a Sonic game.But overall it's a good title. Still better than Sonic 06.For a Sonic fan it's always welcome to have a title like this.6.5/10"
,Recommended,329440,18950018,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,22CNT,Had a litte trouble first trying to get the game working but after a reinstall it has been working. The new gameplay was frustrating at first but once i mastered the controls I fell in love with it.Pros+Stunning Graphics+Spherical Concept+Level Designs & Variety+New MovesCons-The Snow Zone-Feels Slow
76561198354595849,Recommended,329440,32894291,Posted: 27 June,all,MAX_POWA_,"I think this game is really fun so far, except that it is very laggy, ussually going 30 fps instead of the fixed 60. I think I have met all the requirements for the game as well, but still lag. And their is a couple parts where all sound would randomly cut out, but that could be fixed with a computer restart. other than those things its a really good game."
,Recommended,329440,24233208,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Phillikun,"Its a Port of a Wii U version, but its still kinda good of a Sonic Game. (Atleast kinda better than Sonic Boom)Above all the critics, The game is allright and it has a much better feel of a Sonic game. Instead of the ""GOTTA GO FAST"" feeling of running through rings and having a Gay ol' time, Its basically the opposite of that feeling. The difference of all the other Sonic games is that this game has a Running button (wow! amazing!). This does not ruin the machanic of a Sonic game as it allows a new feature called Parkour. Its kinda hard to Parkour at first but I find it easy to go around stages. The cutscenes and music are very good because its a port of the Wii U version of the game (duh). NiGHTMARE zone DLC is included if you brought this game so thats cool I guess...The down side of this Sonic game is that the game feels so SLOW... only if you tweak some adjustments to the settings which it wasn't that much but it runs smoothly when tweaked. The Bosses in this game is too EASY, but exceptional because its rated E (Pegi 7 heheh kidz). The Color powerups are wonky for the controls and mostly recommended to play a controller instead of the keyboard. Powerups aren't too great as the Missions rewards you with Rings... and Shield... Lives?Final Score is6/10Not Fast Enough.#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorOh no.I brought the Sonic Collection so its no surprise that this game is here on my list. (I didn't got this for free)I don't recommend to get this game as it doesn't improve anything like the port of the Wii U.Get this game if you wanted the ""Its so bad, but its still good"" feeling.If you really wanted to get this game, Get it on sale."
76561198077102658,Recommended,329440,19004887,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,NobleAbe,"This game shows what happens when you give Mario Galaxy actual controls, (a little) better character, beyond gamecube era graphics..... and a sprinkle of poor design choices here and there."
,Recommended,329440,18846519,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Makin Bacon,"So, getting into this game with playing just the first few levels I will say that it is a decent port. Great framerate, very pretty to look at, ect. Two downsides however, no Anti-Aliasing or customization for controllers. I can't stand the spin dash being on the Left Trigger and coming from Generations, the stomp should be the B button, not X. That's really all I've got, it's a good game, give it a try if you enjoy Sonic. 7.5/10"
,Recommended,329440,28471813,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,T H E  M O O S E,"There's certainly nothing wrong with this game. If it seems to be running slow,  then that means your computer can't  handle the requirements. It's 60 fps locked so it will run slow, but look smooth."
76561198067234162,Recommended,329440,20597959,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Jumbomax792,"This game is a great Action Adventure Platformer with a nice story, amazing music and a fair amount of collectables.The story feautures Sonic, Tails and Eggman as they face difficult trials on their journey, teaching them many life lessons.I recommend that you buy this game, it's a fun experience and worth your time."
,Recommended,329440,30029260,Posted: 19 February,all,Jet Tech,"This is one of the best sonic games avalable on steam, and is alot easier to pick up than Unleashed, Colours or Generations, i can tell, my friends actually have tried it, now all i need on steam is Rush and Unleashed and ill be set.Playing this with an Xbox controller feels more natural to me than using the Gamepad, that might just be me but the confusion between the two homing attack buttons has killed me more than i like to admit, i know spamming B isnt a good idea.One downside is there isnt too many alternate paths aside from ""secret rooms"" for red star rings, dosnt really help replay value, and branching level paths is an important part of sonic games (to me).I think the inspiration of Mario Galaxy helps this game feel unique, it may a downsie to most people but its like Sega wanted to put their own spin on the idea, and they did a pretty good job.It may be a bit of an outlyer but is well worth the money, its just a wonderful romp through a little planet rip-off.Thank you for reading my reveiw, and have a great day."
,Not Recommended,329440,21897521,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,jeremiah_kun,"The game is nice, but Sega don't ported it like it was meant to be. Initially, there were performance issues, something that don't affected me, but affected pretty much people (and it seems to be fixed by now). The original Wii U version have language selection, so you can decide which language you'll have the voice/text. Here, you can only use the voice of your steam language (ok, you can change it on properties, but you can't have different voice/text, so if I only speak Spanish, but like the English dub, I can't get full experience). Refunded the game by this reason alone."
51235254624624622,Recommended,329440,27070120,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,lakewash223/sonicradio,"This is an underrated gem modern sonic game because the only two reasons why people hate the series is that it's ""cool"", ""Hip"", and ""Trendy"" to hate the series as well as the fact that people just take one look at this and claim that it's a super mario galaxy rip off *UNPOPULAR OPINION ALERT* this game is way better than super mario galaxy *THAT WAS AN UNPOPULAR OPIONION*.The game was first releaesed on the Wii U and 3DS back in 2013 to where it recived mixed to negative reviews because people said that it was a mario galaxy rip off hell in that game do you see mario running really fast across loop de loops and bouncing on springs.....noThe reason why I'm nominating this for ""Villain most in need of a hug"" is because Dr.Eggman's plans always keep failing and personally i feel like he just needs a hug to make him feel better and to get motivated again to make more evil plans one day he'll eventually stop sonic just not today (maybe the next big sonic game)"
76561198151218097,Recommended,329440,25152681,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Kaulon,"The game is great, people only hate because is a trend to hate Sonic nowadays it seems..."
,Not Recommended,329440,32523098,Posted: 17 June,all,No Name,"Pros:-Parkour-Everything that isnt some HUD elements look really niceCons:-Some HUD elements are stretched out from what I assume was low res assests for the Wii U gamepad-Plays nothing like a Sonic game, almost like a Mario game except clunky and not fun-Enemy placement is some of the wors Ive seen in the series at times-Forces 2D levels on you when the controls, clunky as they are, are designed for and work only in a 3D playing field-NO FLOWJust play Generations and wait for Forces to come out. Lost World isn't worth the money."
76561198060071382,Not Recommended,329440,21810455,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,[ZeroForce] Out,"The game itself is very good, even if Sonic moves slower than in Colors or Generations (P.S: hold RT and he runs a little faster, if you haven't already done so), the levels have plenty of optional routes to be taken and there are a significant variety of challenges and achievements to unlock.The one and most significant problem is the porting itself of the game. I know my PC isn't *that* much in today's game standards, but an i5 5000 series, 8GB RAM and 2GB VRAM should be more than enough even for the recommended settings. Alas, playing this in 720p and no other effects enabled becomes a mess after a couple of minutes (literally). As far as I'm concerned, Lost World runs in the same engine as Generations, which in turn runs fine on my rig... So, where's the catch?The only clue I have is the constant 60FPS lock the game has and cannot be turned off, where everything (you name it: particles, enemies, shadows, and even the timer) must match that requirement or else the game says ""get a better machine to play"". I read somewhere that setting the game to lauch on --f via Steam solves the issue as it forces the game to accept a lower frame rate. But... why should I do that? Why do I have to go through the hassle of doing this instead of releasing a patch of the game so it does that already? I've paid for the game, so at least some extra useful options would have to be included. The game is over an year old on Wii U!That must be why it's 75% off mere 4 months after its original Steam release..."
,Not Recommended,329440,32143759,Posted: 2 June,all,MCRAEXX98,"Poor level design, titius level gimmicks, nerfed homing attack, why would I want to play a sonic game that restricts me from going fast? Is this some type of mario platformer? Unless you have a tradition(Like me) which is to play all the main Sonic games and get it over with, after I beat this, I'm done. No replayability, go play the classics or the other good 3D games, it'll be worth your money and time."
,Recommended,329440,18843325,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Okami Divine,"I'm not sure if it's my computer being quite a old one or it being a port that's newly released - or even both - but at the moment the game runs incredibly slow and a lot of the models aren't properly loading for me, and I'm running on a lot of invisible textures, some are even transparent. It's weird because the cutscenes run super smoothly for me with no technical hiccups.I'm hoping that in time this version of the game gets inproved and gets options to tone down graphics to help users who don't have especially powerful computers. I've played the Wii U version prior to this and that was a great experience.Interesting level design to accommodate a new gameplay style for Sonic. The visuals (assuming your computer has the specs) are amazing and the soundtrack, like with virtually every Sonic game, is pretty sweet too. I like the story and characters/voice acting, and whilst it's a diversion away from the formula established in Sonic Unleashed, Colours and Generations, it's still a nice change of gameplay that isn't completely intrusive.If you think your PC can handle it, get Sonic Lost World. If not, try the Wii U version. I just hope that Sega fixes the issues of this initial port."
,Not Recommended,329440,21888647,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Diamond Dogs,"Sadly another failure in the house of sonic, honestly not fun. I wish sonic colors was released in its place on steam.The Music is hard to listen to, sounds like the bad scores they replaced the original music to sonic X with when they did that poor dub, during cut scenes. the in game music is fine however the slow sloppy mechanics of sonics movements arent helping at all.the homming attack is no longer fun nor is it anygood. some weird targeting ring has to lock on to the enemies before it works otherwise sonic just does a flip in air and slowly falls.this game got nothing right as far as i could tell. granted i only played about 15 minutes before it just hurt to play."
,Not Recommended,329440,21864850,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,gamerjet,"Sonic Lost World is a disappointing Sonic game. The targeting system is poor, the controls are overly complex, the story is pretty weak, there's a lot wrong here. The voice stuff gets annoying pretty fast too.Overall, the graphics are definitely the star of the show. The levels are bright and colorful and it's definitely a nice eyecandy. Some of the music is toe tapping good, but nothing that beats that classic Green Hill tune.Sonic Lost World has a mix of 2D/3D sections. I definitely prefer the 2D stuff more as there are no werid camera issues like in alot of the 3D sections. Sometimes the camera struggles to keep up with the action and does a werid zoomed out overhead reaction which is very disorienting.The bosses are varied and you do fight quite a few in this Sonic game. Difficulty is very inconsistent. Some levels are short and easy, others are hard and just drag on. I'm not really sure who the target audience is for Sonic Lost World, it's definitely too hard for younger gamers, and older gamers will likely quit from the constant cheap deaths.I don't recommend this game. It's simply a disappointment much like many of the recent modern Sonic the Hedgehog games."
76561198014230044,Recommended,329440,19923383,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,dokcud,"Very solid and fun game on it's own: amazing graphics, nice gameplay, cute story...It's only real flaw is that it's considered a Sonic game, which it really isn't because you don't really feel like you're encouraged to go fast, but rather to explore for hidden goodies like those b*stard red rings. Even though you can sort of get a sence of speed with the spindash, you will get the feeling that the game doesn't want you to do that.It's a good game, it really is. It's just not a Sonic game. Many consider this a Mario Galaxy clone, and sadly, that is true.But atleast it's very, very good one."
,Recommended,329440,18846890,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,That Cooper Guy,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EpHa8WSpLYQBoth the wait and the Sonic Marathon is finally over as Cooper looks at the current main series (Sonic Team developed) Sonic game, the ex-Nintendo exclusive ""Sonic Lost World"". Are you expecting him to rip apart this mixed-reception game PAST the bad storyline? Yeah, you may want to sit down for this... again..."
,Recommended,329440,18846071,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Dr.Evil,"For me, its a perfect port! love the game so far! thx sega for porting this over :) <3"
,Recommended,329440,18847364,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Spudgun,"Really fun Sonic game (not played the Wii U version) - runs at a solid 60fps, butter smooth.Don't be put off by the difficulty factor, it takes some getting used to but once you've mastered it you can fly through stages and pull off some neat tricks & combos. Hold RT a lot to ensure you're running the majority of the time and chain together attacks (double tap A or A then X on a 360 pad); etc.Not finished it yet; although I already know this will be yet another Sonic game I won't be able to put down until I have obtained every single achievement :)Recommended to any Sonic fan or platformer fan; for sure."
76561198139685662,Recommended,329440,23953022,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,A NOICE GAME,meh... still better than BOOM and 06'and at least we can get MODS for it...
,Recommended,329440,18868353,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,zmiize,"Simply enjoying the game and no problems so far. The game is great, it is very reminicent of the old Sonic games and super mario galaxy, don't let the latter dissapoint you, the levels are fun, there are some creative Sonic team levels that are really enjoyable."
76561198057063556,Recommended,329440,20671691,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,~xXMaster SashimiXx~,"It's certainly good to get a good port of this game, as I didn't quite enjoy the 3DS version and Didn't wanna put up with the gamepad controls in the Wii U Version.Over all it's a pretty colorful and fun game!...But it can be pretty tricky sometimes, Controls can be a litttttle better, But other than that, I reccomend this game, But...Only when it's on sale, $29.99 is a bit too much for a game that has been out for a long time if you ask me...And THANK GOD THERE IS NO RANKING SYSTYEM IN THIS GAME. Nothing worse than getting past a hard level only to be slapped in the face with a D or C Rank in the past games."
76561198090130754,Recommended,329440,19002789,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Cap'n Crunch,"I really love this game,ive played this on my Wii U and loved it,but on my sucky♥♥♥♥♥laptop, it plays really slow,(Sonic Lost FPS)Note to selfie & everyone who views this,buy a better laptop(a gaming one)2016 Update:Ok, now that I have an Alienware laptop, this game runs and plays fine, but like I said before, you need a gaming pc/laptop"
,Recommended,329440,22363528,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,kiri,"Took me four hours to beat; in other words, this is a very short game. Some zones have some serious difficulty spikes such as Sky Road 4 and Lava Mountain 2; some zones don't make me feel like I'm playing a Sonic game, such as Frozen Factory 2 and Sky Road 3. However, I cannot deny that I had fun playing this game; it's a great adventure in both scope and fun."
,Recommended,329440,22386196,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Antrox,"This is a very well optimized port preformance wise, even though there isn't that many graphical options the artsyle and easy to hit 60fps makes it a good port.The gamplay is a mixed bag mostly because the game does not explain it's new controls very well just. Other than that, and a few frustraiting levels this is a solid 8/10 game for me."
76561198022262201,Recommended,329440,22487793,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Bubble Buddy,"It isnt a great game, but it is entertaining. I usually try and get all the secrets in games, but i cant bring myself to in this game. The controls are good, but jumping is janky since it usually cancels all momentum. The boss battles were super easy, they have maybe 1 mechanic or 2 towards the end of the game. Once you find out that mechanic you can beat them almost instantly. Major complaint is that the Sky World was just the World 1 but with a cloudy skybox. The End of the game felt really  rushed and unpolished. Even with all these negative notes, it still had me coming back and playing so that has to count for something. Overall I would give it a 6/10P.S. As always with a Sonic game, the OST is pretty good, i listen to it regularly."
76561198055960775,Recommended,329440,18848031,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Infinite,"This is a review of the port NOT the game------------------------------------------------Sonic Lost World for PC looks and runs very well. Having it run at 60+ FPS deffinatly is a improvement over the Wii U version and looks even better at 1080p. Almost everything else though is the same. All the same levels, bosses, songs, etc are there. Buying Sonic lost world on PC allows access to the Nights Nightmare level which is also on Wii U if you pre-ordered it. What the Sonic Lost World PC port doesn't have is the Yoshi's Wooly World and Zelda DLC maps for obvious reasons. The ability to listen to sonic lost worlds great soundtrack and not having to have headphones pluged into the gamepad makes it more enjoyable. Overall it's slightly better than the Wii U version. It doesn't change much but it runs better than the Wii U version. Just a tip for people playing it for your first time, don't play the Nights map first because it has variations of all the boss fights besides the final bosses. Also don't go for red rings unless there in your way because some are very hard to get. Use a controller, Keyboard is not good for high speed percision platforming is very hard and not worth the pain. I used the steam controller which works very well with this game. A xbox 360 controller will work as well.EDIT: There is no canival minigame to get animals because there isn't a gamepad but the number of animals needed to enter a new zone is lowered."
,Recommended,329440,18858281,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Crash bandicoot man,"Complete game once, don't do it again. I already beat this on the wii u but because im a idiot i got it on PC. Its still basicly the same but the controlls are absolute garbage sometimes. You can only hold down 3 keys at a time wich does not help and at all i recomend you play with a controller but because i dont have a controller that works with PC i just played with keyboard and beat the game in one try... it was hell. Atleast i cant wait for the mods to come in :DStill a good game."
76561198123794813,Recommended,329440,33496152,Posted: 12 July,all,Made Of Metal,"Mario the hedgehog Galaxy.Q: Is the game good?A: so far yes. But i dont think it belongs as a sonic game. I do like it but Sonic doesnt fit in this games playstyle, sonic is not mario, and it should be kept that way."
,Recommended,329440,33352975,Posted: 7 July,all,spincube,"I quite like this game. It's a PC port of a console game that doesn't feature a separate launcher!Things I like, in no particular order:Sonic Team 'borrowed' the idea of mini-islands from Mario Galaxy, so levels are mostly self-contained areas that you'll zip around in, finding alternate routes and hidden secrets, before bouncing along to the next area.The camera works really, really well with this set-up - in this case it reminds me of Crash Bandicoot where, instead of wrestling with a camera that's trying to follow you at Sonic speed, while also trying to point you in the direction you're supposed to go, it follows close behind you in 3D sections - because you're not going to go backwards along the level, only forwards - and keeps a respectful distance in 2D sections. This sounds wooly, but it Just Works. Really, it does.The game's funny - in a silly, irreverent way. Sonic is cheeky, Eggman gets an Evil Villain moment that's responded to appropriately, but it never came off to me as cringey or try-hard. Speaking of, you get a cutscene when starting a level, and a cutscene when finishing a level - so the plot happens at its own pace; you're free to replay earlier levels to find secrets, or just for fun, then pick up where you left off.Things I didn't like, again in no real order:The game doesn't fully explain some of its mechanics in-game. For example, Sonic can target multiple enemies with a homing attack, and launch himself at all of them at once - useful for scoring combo points. However, to finish a certain boss fight, you need to know that if you're close enough you can target thesameenemy multiple times for a more powerful attack. Otherwise, if (like me) you wouldn't think to hold off on attacking an enemy when you see the lock-on target thing, you'll be there forever wondering what you're doing wrong.Likewise, things like the 'missions' (find 3x 1-Ups, etc.), the 'item bag' (rewards for completing missions, collectable and usable in-level), and even game mechanics like 'colour powers' and how to run along walls, aren't fully explained by the game. Maybe there's an assumption that the player is using a WiiU and can read a manual? - a quick 'here's how to do this, now go do it' tutorial would be nice.Gamepad support is a little odd - you can't use the D-pad to move Sonic, or move around menus - it's all done using the analogue stick. Minor, but it bugged me.Audio also bugged me - you can control the in-level music, SFX and speech volumes separately, but as cutscenes are pre-rendered I was reaching for the volume control every time. Cutscenes had subtitles, but sometimes speech happens in levels and they're not subbed.Overall, it's a silly game that knows it's a silly game and has fun with it; if you tend to get confused and upset about 'Eggman' or Japanese voices (not in the game) or those weirdly intense Youtubes about how the physics just don'tfeelright!!, then avoid. Otherwise: run fast, jump on the robots, defeat the bad guys, and enjoy the game."
,Recommended,329440,32611392,Posted: 20 June,all,Pingas Man,Super Sonic Galaxy for the Nintendo PC
,Recommended,329440,28331584,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Landy,"A good game, but one that feels more Mario-like, rather than a Sonic game.The parkour mechanics are neat, although a little tricky to get used to. Certain tasks are only possible while holding the right trigger on controller, which is also the ""run"" button. This run button isn't a bad concept, but it's definitely one that needs work in Lost World. The game has a sluggish feel to it and, well, even while holding down the run button, you'll be asking yourself, ""is this it?""This easygoing gameplay style calls back to early Mario titles, but even compared to games like that, Lost World feels horribly slow-paced. Some folks have made mods that place Mario levels inside the game, and unsurprisingly, they feel right at home!The graphics are pretty nice, which is great, because the game runs really well too! However, the art style is a little...weird. Sonic and co. almost feel out of place here, but at the same time the art style doesn't really feel fitting for...anything I've played.The writing isn't a main focus of the game, but BOY OH BOY is it unbearable. Characters have inconsistent personalities that conflict with how they acted in past games, and the plot feels basic, not very well thought out... I wasn't a huge fan of Sonic Colors' writing, but looking back, it's somehow nicer in comparison to Lost World's.Sadly, I noticed SEGA took out one of the big features of the Wii U release, and that feature was the multiplayer. A two-player race mode which, from looking at gameplay videos, actually seems pretty fun! But it's completely absent in the PC release. I guess it's understandable why it wouldn't be available from launch, but after over a year, I'd expect them to have made it work by now. Oh well. All I can hope is that modders bring it somewhat back.Sonic Lost World is a decent game, but feels awfully slow for a Sonic title. If you're not too worried about that, I recommend this game. But to most long-time Sonic fans wanting a true speed boost, you might need to skip past this one."
,Recommended,329440,20127891,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,I shiver your spines,"This game was dubbed a dissapointment from Sonic fans. (The smart ones anyway.)Mostly because the gameplay is a lot slower. Are they right??..eh..yeah. But that doesn't make it a horrible game..ConsThe gameplay feels slow. That is a serious problem in a Sonic game.They mixed it up by adding spherical platforming. I really don't think they did much with it. Some may be tempted to call it a rip off of Mario Galaxy. I don't agree. I'm pretty sure other games besides Mario Galaxy have done spherical platforming.The final boss is Eggman. Right the fudge out of nowhere. It's kinda dumb how you have to fight Dr. Eggman at the last minute. What's worse is that you're not even Super Sonic during the whole thing.ProsThe Music is great. Although it's a shame that they don't stick with the rock and roll music of the older Sonic games, but the music is still fast and great. Although I wish the gameplay was the same.The gameplay is still fun. Despite what everyone might say. But I'd prefer the faster gameplay from Sonic Generations or Colors.The Deadly Six. They're hilarious. Especially Zazz.OverallIt may not stick to the normal Sonic formula, but it's still a good game.SCORE: 7/10"
,Recommended,329440,32686987,Posted: 23 June,all,JustThatOneGuy,"The game may be hard to find a right Keys to play, but it isn't half bad.However, be aware that 45-60 Frames is required or the game will break, and it's slower than other sonic games.At most, get it when it's $15."
,Recommended,329440,32453711,Posted: 15 June,all,Squishy,"It's basically a ♥♥♥♥♥ier version of Super Mario Galaxy, okay for a Sonic Game though, it's worth messing around with."
,Not Recommended,329440,18849932,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,CEAON,"One of the worst Sonic games I've played, and I've pretty much played them all.My biggest problem with the game is generally how it's structured, both in terms of level design and gameplay.Gone are the traditional slopes, hills and valleys of Sonic games prior, but instead we get a bunch of cubes wrapped around cylinders and spheres. Such design does not compliment Sonic's abilities, especially with the new Parkour mechanic. The Parkour is equally as weird, as how the mechanic works is never made clear and it just ends up being frustrating to use.The story in Lost World is somehow worse than the typical garbage that comes from Sonic plots and somehow more empty and more stupid. Plot threads are brought up and go nowhere, the dialogue is cringeworthy and the delivery from the voice actors is even worse.The music is bland and uninspired.Game sucks. 3/10."
76561198181011174,Recommended,329440,20274149,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Trentinator (Bullet Floof Grass),"What happens if you take the following elements – spherical worlds from Sonic X-treme™, platforming sequences from Super Mario Galaxy™, and the wisp abilities from Sonic Colors™? Answer: Something quite dazzling, and it happens to be called Sonic Lost World™. This game is yet another one of SEGA®’s exquisite masterpieces since Sonic Unleashed™. The story also has an excellent plot, however, some of the controls are pretty terrible; not all of them, but some of them, for a few people are showing explicit negativity toward the game – the controller for Xbox 360 never works for me, so I always use my keyboard and mouse. And the Wisps return from Sonic Colors along with new wisps, as well. There are kinds of new ones depending on if it’s either the Wii U/PC or 3DS version of the game, though I prefer the Wii U/PC version. Which version do you prefer?So then there are a somewhat “underrated” bosses, a group of sinister individuals known as the Deadly Six. It is said in the Facebook and YouTube franchise that they have a reference to the koopaling bosses in the New Super Mario Bros.™ series, especially Zavok’s 2nd phase in the lava Mountain Zone. Last but not least, there are also a few DLC patch for each different system versions of the game, and there is yet another new wisp known as the Black Bomb Wisp, and it be obtained either by beating the Nightmare Zone DLC stage on the PC version or obtaining it from the Miiverse on the Wii U.Other than the game’s downsides, I give it a 7.5 out of 10.At first when I played this game, I thought: ""What is this, a copy of Super Mario Galaxy™?"" XD"
76561198131684788,Recommended,329440,28650637,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Sonic,"I'll give it this, It's fun but most of the time i felt like was watching sonic go on boncepads then another and another but its fun, The wisps are useless lets be honest they have no purpose in it they're just here cause Sonic Colors and the developers just really love there wisp creation. The Story is just Awful it really is and the voice acting ""There gonna turn tails into a robot this is HORRIBLE"" I mean i love roger he's my favorite Sonic but damn dude but mike and Kate did amazing but at the end the gameplay is enjoyable for 99.9% unless you hate the parkour but I just think it could have been used better and eww a run button in a sonic game. Id give Mario Galax- I mean Sonic lost world a 7/0"
76561198020667743,Not Recommended,329440,29384639,Posted: 20 January,all,tunners,"Dammit, Sonic Team, I really tried to like this.So, in an attempt to ""streamline"" and ""simplify"" Sonic's controls, Sonic Team have created the most convoluted Sonic control scheme to date. You are going to be holding down the Dash button for the majority of your playtime in this game - and yes that's a ""dash"" button, not a ""boost"" button. Sonic has 2 speeds - slow and not as slow.Right, let's break this review down...Gameplay:So apart from the aforementioned dashing twoddle, Sonic feels both floaty, twitchy, sluggish and sticky all at the same time. You cannot rely on ANY action in this game. Sonic can barely run in a straight line, his jumps have the strength of a puppy fart and his sense of direction is like that of a drunk worm.Sonic's homing attack returns and it too has been ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ised. Sonic can now lock onto multiple enemies to do a chain attack - but only if he feels like it! Most of the time he'll lock onto multiple enemies without a hitch apart from when you actually need him to do so. Like when you're trying to traverse one of the games many bottomless pits. Enjoy dying multiple times because of some BS jump requiring the homing attack to work perfectly.Nearly every enemy I saw in the game is recycled from a past Sonic game. It was a nice bit of nostalgia but I wanted to see something new to compliment the old. Oh wait, we have the Furious Five... or was it the Electric Six? I can't remember. These cookie cutter enemies serve as the games ""bosses""; and by ""bosses"" I mean ""enemies that do one thing until you hit them three times."" You've got The Mean One, The Crazy One, The Fat One, The Rule 34 One and The Old One. That's all you need to know. They smack talk you throughout the stages but the audio balance is off so you can't even hear what they're saying.Level design is awful. Bottomless pits, gimmicks that don't really work, lots of goofy insta-deaths and extremely cheap enemy placement.Graphics and Sound:Yeah they're great!"
,Recommended,329440,23246949,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,ZackXevious,"This game is.... okay. Not fantastic, not amazing, just okay. The platforming is a bit rough around the edges, and you WILL have to set some custom properties in the launcher (I used -f, which enables frame skip). If you want to really know if the base game is for you, watch this:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Vcik0fmNio(NickonAquaMagna's review. It really does explain a lot)If nothing else, wait another year until the modding community does to this game what they did to Generations: Modify literally everything this game is. Seriously, they are already working on porting every stage from Adventure, Adventure 2, Heroes, 06, and more. There already is some great mod support for this game, so theres that.10/10 would play as Jimmy Neutron in a stage modeled after Sonic 3d Blast again."
,Recommended,329440,20730677,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,xX-Mikuru Beam-Xx,"Really great, I am pleased with my purchase. The visual's are bright and appealing, the gameplay for me is a lot of fun, and the music is awesome! Well worth what I paid for it.**Game Completed Update**OK so I just finished this game, and wow I had so much fun with this! Once I figured out all the controls I had a blast and I am really impressed with the production values in this title.The music in this game is in my humble opinion incredible, and so are the colourful graphics. Some of the later levels are challenging, often enchanting, and certainly very beautiful! I just wish other's would play the game long enough to see just how great the game really gets as it progresses.I have noticed some people are leaving reviews after having played less than an hour, but this game really picks up big time as your progress and I think a lot of those ""negative nancy's"" havent played it long enough to see just how much fun it really is.This game is easily the best single player game I have purchased in a long time, and I would not hesitate to recommened it."
,Recommended,329440,19243341,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Meme_Man,"Sanic L0st Wurld is a good game, not as great as Sunic 06 or Super Sanic R, but a well rounded game overall. When it was released 2000 years ago, Sunic Lost Wuld got MLG rekted by the peoples and da gamers. I also was on bandwagon of haters.  But now, thx to GABEN and Stum, I think Sunic LOOOOOST Wurld is a Sunic game worth playing. If you loved the orginals, you might love this one. :} 9/10 Better than SANIC BUM"
,Recommended,329440,18861433,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Ratc00n,"I've not played on wii UGameplay: 6.8/10 Doesn't stick too the same gamplay as a lot of sonic games. There's a run buttion, and a spindash button. I don't mind the spindash, because it works like the spindash. On the other hand, the run button allows you to do a lot of stuff with walls and other what not's. As well you can combind running on the wall with spindash. Another thing that was put into the game was Double jumping. I thought it was cool somewhat, but certain points it get's annoying; Or I feel as it does. Then there's the Jumpball, I beleive that's what it's called. It plays the same like from the other games it's in. There's 2D, and 3D parts of worlds. The game switches between these two better than Sonic generations, but generations feels like it plays like a Sonic game. The overworld map feels kinda unnecessary; If they added more stuff to the tiles like surprises. It would make the Overworld map much better. How they do the achievements: First you must find the chao, then play to earn the achievements. It kinda reminds me of Galaxy which I haven't played either.Music: 8.7/10 Im enjoying the music. There's not much I could say from this section. If I could buy it I wouldWhen I beat the game, and there is something I need too change, I will. For now this is my review on it."
,Not Recommended,329440,21611428,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,sonic1317,THE PC VERSION OF THE GAME IS TERRIBLE!!!! SEGA DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT! I DIDNT SPEND 30 DOLLARS JUST FOR THIS PEICE OF GARBAGE!!!!!
,Not Recommended,329440,21782814,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Silver Aura,"I really wanted to like this game. Especially since visually it looks very good for a Sonic game. It's bright, colorful, and the music is really catchy. It also runs really well, so it's definitely good in many of the aspects people would expect. But it's just not fun. The levels feel like they were designed with an entirely different control scheme in mind and the control scheme is very uncomfortable to use. It feels sluggish when it seems like it should be fast, but is hardly point-point accurate where you would think it needed to be. Two qualities that never go well together in a Sonic game.I've enjoyed Sonic Adventure 2 and even Sonic Heroes. Sonic Generations was a very strong foot forward and gave a lot of hope for the series. So this was very unfortunate to finally look forward to playing only for it to just be at best, not fun, and at worse, just an absolute mess.If you're wondering if it's worth it, I picked it up at 75% off and I'm still refunding it. It might be worth it to you at that, but I can't imagine I'll ever be playing this again. Don't just take my word for it though. Watch videos. Where you think it looks awkward to play, it is. Very much so."
,Not Recommended,329440,24484537,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Pixelbuster,"Good port, mediorce game"
76561198143658029,Not Recommended,329440,25451922,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Benthejamin56,"I decided to buy this game after hearing mixed opinions about it. plus i also recently re-played through sonic colors so it gave me something to gage the game on.Anyway, I beat the story to this game and the only thing i can really say about it is 'meh'. The game will constantly be changing it's playstyle with you running in 3D for one level, and then the next going to a pure rail grinding level. This can really put you off of replaying levels as you may only like one or two types of levels and you will never play the others.Some people may have been put off by the run button but i found that it worked for when i needed it and only had a few problems with it. But sometimes while doing parkor sonic will just fall off of the wall for no reason.I also had major framerate issues while playing this (even on it's lowest settings) which at times would make the game almost unplayable. It is also the only game out of my libary to do this so far, so if your going to play this make sure that your pc can handle it.All in all, i would personally just reccomend buying a different sonic game like generations or one of the adventure games as those are alot more enjoyable.P.S. This port does not have the link and yoshi levels and is also lacking the circus tents which are all seen in the wii u version."
76561198099019266,Not Recommended,329440,29854583,Posted: 11 February,all,Ollie99,"I bought this in the winter sale £10 off, not too bad right??Well, I couldn't get the damn game to work for about two months, to be fair, I am a college student; So messing around, attempting to fix a stupid slow down bug was the least of my problems.I know they wanted to go a new gameplay style but I can't get into it, Sonic feels like he weighs a ton of bricks, even when you hold down the Run Button whilst mid-air he still falls like a rock.I'm going to give Lost World another go, but honestly, I'm not impressed. Buy Generations, don't waste your time with this unless you're stupid like me, £10 down the drain."
,Not Recommended,329440,30024764,Posted: 18 February,all,way past cool,"The only reason I have 26 hours in this garbage ""game"" is because it has 100 achievements, controlling sonic is like controlling the mechs in sa2, hes good at going in a straight line at a moderate pace and nothing else. This game literally ripped my soul out of my body, do not play sonic lost world unless you want to suffer the same fate."
76561198063343230,Recommended,329440,33059341,Posted: 30 June,all,NESRuinedMyLife,"I don't know what people are thinking saying this is bad, this game is great!It's basically Sega/Sonic's answer to Super Mario Galaxy.  It's plenty fast, you gotta hold the run button, dummies!"
,Recommended,329440,33416629,Posted: 9 July,all,DenexDude,"Very weird controls on keyboard, on steam controller, its good"
,Not Recommended,329440,34280944,Posted: 16 August,all,Hitly,"+ Good level design+ Colorful world design- Pretty meh graphics- Laughably bad story and characters- Short Game (Wait for sale)- Controls are iffy at times- Cheap rushed Mario 3D World with Mario Galaxy level design- Bad port with a horrible menu, little to no graphics options, jaggy textures, 720p cutscenes.- Boss fights are a joke (except for the red guy where it's just not obvious what to do or how to do it.)- Nothing about this new place is explained- There is no main tutorial to explain♥♥♥♥♥♥Overall it doesn't seem worth it, but I enjoyed the levels enough to get through it all."
,Recommended,329440,33005040,Posted: 29 June,all,Wesleyyy,"I do not care if this is not like a Sonic game, i love this game."
,Not Recommended,329440,29080559,Posted: 6 January,all,Hynotama,"I don't usually post reviews like this but... WHAT IS THIS GLITCHY MESS? It's worse than it was at launch. There are entire levels that can't be passed because of persistent glitches. I appreciate this port, as I am driven crazy when Sonic games are made on Nintendo consoles. We all know that Nintendo has an obsession with exclusivity when it comes to games. But for God's sake! Fix the darn game. I actually preordered this when it came out. That's extremely rare for me. I actually wanted to do all I could to support the developers on this. And what do I get? A game that refuses to work on my dedicated GPU, a game that demands too much from my integrated GPU, a game that is absolutely full of glitches. This is a nightmare. It's been well over a year since this game has released. These issues shouldn't exist at this point in time. I hate to admit this but I don't think SEGA has any kind of respect for its customers. I haven't been this dissapointed since Sonic Boom."
76561198069637911,Recommended,329440,22230592,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,NiGHTSfan,i love this game but not as much as i love sonic colors the music is great as most sonic games go but the only thing i dont like is the ice levels they annoyed the hell out of me but i still like the game it has a decent story i reccomend this game to any sonic fan
,Recommended,329440,29040764,Posted: 5 January,all,Kodyd194,"As a Sonic fan I was excited to pick Sonic Lost World up during the winter sale. I enjoyed Lost World enough to recommend it to Sonic fans. That being said it was far from my favorite Sonic game, and had its fair share of issues. In Sonic Lost World the mechanics are different than most of the other sonic games. I feel like it takes a strong inspiration from the Mario games. This design choice leaves me feeling like it never really makes the best use of ""Sonic"" gameplay, in traditional sidescrolling, or 3D points in the game.After completing it, I did have mixed feelings. Overall though I am very glad they brought the game to PC, and I do hope to see more Sonic on PC in the future, hopefully in a more refined shape."
,Recommended,329440,18843764,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,MastaToken,"I already played this game (and beat it on Wack U) so I brought again on steam since I no longer have Wack U. Game runs perfectly so far (will edit if issues are found) and game feels better with a controller so yeah, I'll reccomend it as a working port.As for the game itself:- Game is short (3hrs if you take your time and about 5 - 6 if you 100%, can't speak for achievements since Wii U version didn't have those)- Bosses are ridiculously easy to the point of sad (most bosses can be killed under 30sec - 1 min)- Anything after Windy Hill gets a little akward level design wise- Most of the levels are pretty short but you have multiple ways of tackling them (with the exception of the rails only levels)- Saturday morning cartoon comedy so take this as you will"
76561198172316994,Recommended,329440,18845465,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,I Like Trains,"It's a fun game, never had it on Wii U. Big problem with this game is it's advertised to run at 60fps but it runs at slow motion unless I lower the graphics and even then there are times where it lags and my specs are superior to what is recommended.Other than that it's a pretty fun game, they just need to sort that issue and it'll be great, do recommend if you have a super PC or can deal with the issues."
76561198025978837,Recommended,329440,18843979,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Frenzies,"Its fun, and runs at a smooth 60fps. Its faster and better then the wii u version. If your a Sonic fan, pick this up. It may not be as great as Generations, but its still a lot of fun!"
,Recommended,329440,27442317,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,9,FUN game
,Recommended,329440,18865972,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,The Legion of Happiness,"A great Sonic game with a decent port to the PC from the Wii U, that runs butter smooth on the PC.The gameplay is a mix of classic Sonic games, both going 3D and 2D, mixed in with a new parkour feature. You can chose to take it slow and explore, or speeding through the stages to set your own record time - Or a mix of both. There is plenty of challenge in the many different Zones and stages, that are all colourful and intriguing. A must have for anyone who is fond of the Sonic franchise."
,Not Recommended,329440,23991113,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Milošević,"This is game is borderline unreccomendable. While there are a few good bits here and there, it does not add up to weigh against all the crap. Spend your 15 dollars on something else, because this game does win any awards."
,Not Recommended,329440,32489546,Posted: 16 June,all,Spooky Mr Duck,"This does not feel like a sonic game, each level takes you way too long to complete and everything just seems way too slow. It seems as if they looked at classic sonic and then looked at modern sonic and said ""We can do that"" then threw away the formula for a good sonic game and tried to make a 3d classic sonic game, its obvious that they base particualr things off of past games, there's a zone based from mushroom hill zone from Sonic and Knuckles, if you use an invinsiblility it plays the theme from sonic heroes and when you use the speed boost it plays the sonic colors theme.Sonic Forces better be good."
,Recommended,329440,20363520,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Sayuri,"Always loved Lost World, got my copy day 1 on the original Wii U release. Besides a few levels that are really, really infuriating, it's a Sonic game, that does have clear Mario-based influences, but by no means is it a Super Mario Galaxy clone/ripoff, like most people here are claiming for some arbitrary reason.It's a good game, and you should play it."
,Not Recommended,329440,20693566,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Bendi The Ripper,"I originally bought the Lost World title that came out on the Nintendo 3DS because I was itching for a handheld, 3D Sonic title. Although it wasn't what I anticipated and the level design was pretty bad (mostly due to Lost World's building-block aesthetic translating horribly into the game itself), it was still somewhat enjoyable.I can't say the same for the ""full"" version of Lost World. Never having an opportunity to play it originally on the Wii U, I was excited to have an opportunity to try it on my PC. I regret everything. The only positive thing I can honestly say about this game is that the game ran well on my PC, the team did a seemingly great port of the game.Sonic games, specifically the 3D titles, have always had issues and complaints, but I've always enjoyed them. Until now. If you want a 3D Sonic title on Steam, please, get Sonic Generations or Adventure 1 & 2 instead. Even if you've already played them and you're jonesing for more 3D Sonic, avoid this one. Don't even consider it an option.It doesn't even have rememberable boss fights or music, which are usually Sonic staples regardless of the overall quality of the game. I am very, very glad that Steam gave me a refund for Lost World as quickly as they did."
,Recommended,329440,22714232,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Nevgev,Sonic Lost world previously a WII U and nintendo 3DS exclusive now ported on the computer i most say there is alot of good and bad things about this game 1 the level design is abosultly stunning 2 the voice acting is ok 3 its a good game (sorry for the terriable review)
76561198165687545,Not Recommended,329440,24335344,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,☆Dan☆,"This game really didn't feel like a Sonic game. The ultra fast action isn't there. The spindash felt like a infinite slow boost. Then the fact of having a run button. The game felt like a Mario game I mean Deadly six/Koopalings along with the artstyle.The Wisps were tacked on and felt useless. While I like parkour as an idea it's execution was poor.Then the story. Sega returned with the cringeworthy Pontac and Graff humor which isn't funny at all. Sonic wasn't Cool,Adventurous or positive. All he did in the story was whine and complain. Tails acted like a spoilef brat and had so many drama problems and issues. The fact that both worked with Robotnik/Eggman was just stupid in my opinion. The Deadly Six were just had almost no personality other than stereotypes.Game was bad in general7/10 for me."
,Not Recommended,329440,24292550,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Suprise it was a meme!,"Fun Fact: when you mix bad controls with instant kills and bad level design you end up with both a bad experience and this game.Play Generations, it's better in every aspect tight controls, fun level design, great music, good bosses and all around much higher quality than this mess"
,Recommended,329440,24577961,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,[DFS] WaffleMaster | trade.tf,"Soooo,Sonic Lost World may not be the best sonic game,but it's not the worst"
,Recommended,329440,18859750,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Provoltion,"*Be advised! This review is made with me only played the very first zone/stage of the game*As a Sonic fans that have no consoles, any Sonic games released on PC is always a nice thing.I find the control and stage environment is rather confusing at first, but after sometime playing it, the fun feeling started to emerge. Well, there is no tutorial whatsoever, you start a new game, got to see a beautiful cutscene and then straight to first zone without anything telling you what you can do in this game, not even an Omochao tells you what to do in the loading screen. Probably will be told later as I just played the very first zone/stage of the game.Multilock homing attack is also kind of confusing as I still don't know how to properly multi lock on enemies, sometimes I lock one, sometimes two, sometimes almost every enemies nearby.I don't know if this a con or a pro, but there is no rank system when finishing a stage, meaning there is no rank E,D,C,B,A, or S after you complete it. The bright side is that with this you can actually enjoy exploring the stage without worrying the time, instead of blasting through the stage and restart on even just one simple mistake like usual Sonic games before this game.This review is made with me just playing the first zone and repeatedly playing it until I get all 5 red star rings in that stage, and my conclusion is : Sonic Lost World is fun, might not be the best Sonic game ever made, but I find it really fun to play. And FYI, I didn't get bored a single bit even I played the same stage like almost 5 times straight as there are many paths to choose from to finish the stage.Definitely going to recommend it to someone, even if they are not a big fan of the blue blur."
,Recommended,329440,18845096,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,YEET,"If you are a either a Sonic Fan or a Genesis Sonic player and don't have a Wii-U be sure to check this version!:PROS:- Solid Keyboard & Control Support- Vivid Colors- Feels Smooth- Runs at 60FPS Without Problem- SoundtrackCONS:- Not as Good as Unleashed/Colors/Generations- Tubular Level Design (Yuck!)- Boss Fights are more easy than the level itself...Overall, it is a good port and a platform game, although it left alot to be desired.But If you are a real Sonic Fan like me, you will enjoy it no matter what. :)"
76561198056514578,Recommended,329440,18879315,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Mattie_Hedgehog,"Love this game, had it on Wii U glad its now made it onto PC with Xbox controller support. Looks great and runs smooth not had any lag or crashes. Not the normal Modern Sonic game, this game is allot slower but if you get to know the levels well enough speed can be a reward. Would love for other recent Sonic Titles to come to PC."
,Recommended,329440,19142249,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Jason Voorhees,I would call it an amazing game but the framerate is so low. I can't get any higher than 25FPS unless it's a cutscene. Wait until the games framerate issues are fixed than buy it.
,Recommended,329440,31758055,Posted: 14 May,all,N0sSyndrome,"Once again, I look into my childhood and review Sonic Lost world, a game released on the wii u and 3DS back in 2013 and more recently on PC. It is a fun yet frustrating experience. There's definite potential but it's all wasted in odd choices and bad design.For a full review, you can check my Youtube channel here:https://youtu.be/eFUtpxmtnk0"
,Recommended,329440,25497742,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Mat.W,10/10its ok
,Recommended,329440,20665438,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,ShadowRFox,"Sonic Lost World is a fun entry into the Sonic franchise, and let face it the Sonic franchise have been on hard time.Sonic Lost World start off with Eggman being chased by Sonic. The chase end up on the lost world of Hex and it up to Sonic to stop Eggman evil plan along with the plans of the new enemies knowns as the Deadly Six. Story have never really been a strong point to the Sonic franchise, but it set the game up and carry itself to through the game nicely enough. The game handle just like Sonic Generation. You have side scrolling sections and more 3D open section and the game move through both for each level. If you never played a Sonic game before then expect platforming and running through the level at full speed. The only new thing added to this in term of gameplay is the parkour system. Make it so Sonic can run along walls and climb up wall. Honestly it felt somewhat clunky and not as fluid as it could have been, but the game don't force the player to use it that much so it not too bad.Honestly this game was fun for me. I'm fan of Sonic, but I know how crappy some of modern games have been. Sonic Colors and Generations were 2 modern game that detoured from the path of crap games (granted Sonic Boom started the crap cycle again but I digress). Sonic Lost World keep to the pattern of releasing fun games like Colors and Generation. Is it a great game? No it got it flaws. But will you have fun with it? Hell yeah!"
,Not Recommended,329440,24038681,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,MetalOverlord,"If I would've seen this earlier I would,ve probably enjoyed the game more.http://steamcommunity.com/app/329440/guides/#scrollTop=0If I could I would rate an in between, but that is something steam doesn't havebesides not telling you any controls this game has a lot of down sides to it-bad camera angles when in 3D-game mechanics that don't want to work all the time-no easy way to set your own controlssome good things about this game would be-half decent soundtrack-OK story line-cool ideas for game mechanics that could be cool in future games"
,Recommended,329440,18879756,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Arashi アラシ,"The positives~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Honestly, while this game is pretty different from other Sonic games, that's not necessarily a bad thing. The level design and music are nice, oh, and, the developers have a sense of humor. For the most part, the levels generally aren't broken(read the third paragraph for more info.)As colorful as it looks, perhaps it's not all just sunshine and rainbows. Not sure, haven't made it that far, but even if I did, I'd rather you find out for yourself by playing the game.Unlike Sonic Generations, it seems that ALL the cutscenes are either pre-rendered at a higher quality and resolution, or they're in real time. But my guess is, based on the game being originally on Wii U, they're pre-rendered. Either way, they actually look really nice.Some potential issues at this time~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~In my experience playing the game, it didn't seem to have any issues, except one. In the first level of the second zone, getting hit by the worm and landing on the platform that rises when you land on it, seems to graphically freeze the game, and the level. But, for some reason, when I press the pause button, I can hear that it's paused, and things of that sort. If you experience this problem, take the other path. Unless this bug is patched.(Oh, but, the game might not work on your computer, that seems to be a problem with this game; not working on several people's computers for no apparent reason. If you really wanna play it, you may want to alert Sonic Team of the problem, and refund it if it doesn't work. Or you can wait if you're that worried, and see if the discussions by the community reveal the game to work as it should. Or wait for some fix to this mysterious problem come along.)Conclusion~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Anyways, if after reading this, you feel like getting the game, cool. If not, I kinda don't blame you. Whatever you decide to do, just make sure you've read my warning.(Also, if these issues are solved, I will adjust this review accordingly.)"
,Recommended,329440,18852625,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,G4H | Genoisawesome,"This is a VERY fun title.It may not be Generations quality, but its a MILLION times better than Boom or Sonic 06.And again, at least its FUN."
,Not Recommended,329440,29852422,Posted: 11 February,all,astatinium,"This game is just so buggy it reminds me of Sonic Adventures DX !Even though its beautiful, its too buggy at the point you may get ""GAME OVER"" 3 times before you can end an Act. Seriously."
,Not Recommended,329440,29770068,Posted: 7 February,all,Classic Speeder,I wish the nintendo dlc would come to hereAlso the only replay is for mods you get only add mods for this game on workshop please
,Recommended,329440,19448247,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,SEΛL,Good enough
,Not Recommended,329440,22557010,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Blatzk,"I thought that I buy it on sale to have some cheap fun with some Sonic... I couldn't have been more wrong! I really like myself some Sonic games but was disappointed in this one.Getting into the game at first is very difficult for the movement is way different from previous games. God, I even went on to farm some lives for the beginning part and for some potentially future ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥... and good thing I did so.This game was really aggravating me with the gameplay and then they came along and f'd up the whole character development. I already thought beforehand that the story wouldn't be that good but wow...This game is way too forced on this stupid Mario Galaxy gravitation thingy and some levels are so dumb, like a whole stage just grinding or being a f'ing snowball...I only continued to play that game because I like to complete games and was hoping for some massive changes while going on... but fun goes different!Good things about it being good looking and running smoothly but so does the old Windows Pinball game which doesn't make it great."
,Recommended,329440,33440786,Posted: 10 July,all,stubbsy2712,"underrated, controller required however"
76561198152663534,Recommended,329440,19050912,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Nadevan,a nice game!
,Recommended,329440,21826016,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,derank,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Not Recommended,329440,21760031,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Maydayz,"horrible, game is littered with bugs, even after being out for so long."
,Not Recommended,329440,22684869,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,A.G.¥10,"Minimum spec for this game is a joke?I'm running this on an i7 6700K and GTX 960. The game suffers from constant slowdowns even at minimum spec and resolutions. Apparently I need a Xeon to properly run Sonic Lost World, or perhaps a 980 TI. It's quite sad because it's easy to see that underneath its unplayable performance, this is a totally awesome Sonic game. Funnily enough the game runs the worst in 2D gameplay portions, maintaining a syrupy slow ~45fps, and yes, the game slows down anytime the framerate drops below 60fps. This makes the game the antithesis of a Sonic game, a slow and torturous exercise in frustration made all the more difficult to endure by the occasional brilliance that shines through in the level design and visuals which apparently mainstream computing components are unable to do justice for even at the most unselfish graphics settings. Speaking of graphics settings, they are almost nonexistent, which may be one reason playable performance is impossible to wrestle from this stubborn piece of software."
,Recommended,329440,18868433,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,blue,Fun game.If only the game didn't go slo-mo whenever an enemy was on screen.
,Recommended,329440,18862755,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Yiannis128,"This is a good game, dont listen to the hate... I recommend you buy it."
,Not Recommended,329440,20223427,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,mjc0961,"This game could have been good if it didn't fall into the same trap as the old Dreamcast/GameCube/PS3/360 trap of adding all kinds of gimmicks that stop you from enjoying playing normally as Sonic and instead make you do annoying stages with no explanation about the new mechanics.  It results in a lot of frustrating trial and error as you die from rule changes you had no idea were in effect until you encounter them.It ranges from boring but otherwise inoffensive gimmicks like sticking you into a snowball which limits your movement ability, to auto-scrolling stages where Sonic drifts to the top of the screen and you have to press and hold the jump button to move towards the bottom of the screen (which isn't explained at all and you only figure out after smashing into a wall and dying a few times as you try all the buttons to figure out how to move up and down), to incredibly dull stages that are nothing but grinding on a rail the entire time,  to stages that change the rules and mechanics from screen to screen.There's an incredibly frustrating stage near the end of the game where you start off on a section that totally changes the rules.  Instead of traditional left to right 2D gameplay that Sonic is known for, you're in a section where you can walk off the right side of the screen and appear on the left (and vice versa). The screen also scrolls up as you go up, and should you fall, instead of the screen scrolling back down with Sonic until you land on lower ground like it normally does, you die.  And this is yet again not explained at all, you only find out the first time you fall and unexpectedly die.  After this you transition into a sliding ""half-pipe"" section that is actually fairly typical of the game, aside from the fact that you can't jump this time.  Then you transition into another 2D section where this time you are allowed to fall and the screen scrolls down with you instead of killing you.  Then you go to another half-pipe section, but this time Sonic is moving towards the screen instead of away from it. This creates more frustration as you come to a section where it looks like you can stay on your current path or follow a pipe Sonic catches over to a second path, and it's only if you choose to stay on your current path that you find out you actually have no choice at all and staying where you are leads to instant death. After you get past this section, you go to another 2D section where once again, you can walk off one side of the screen and end up on the other, and falling kills you instead of scrolling the screen back down.  Then you come to a boss fight in 2D where you'll think at this point that you can still go from the left side of the screen and appear on the right, only to find out when you try it that you can't anymore.   And then to top it off, to deal the final blow to this boss and win the fight, you have to get the homing attack to ""lock on"" 5 times before you hit him, which you wouldn't possibly know because up until this very point, the most the homing attack would lock on is 3 times.All this constant changing of rules and mechanics and play styles within single stages and without any warning or explanation just serves to frustrate rather than entertain.  The game is actually pretty great when it remembers what it was trying to be and lets you just play the Super Mario Galaxy inspired stages.  You run, you jump, you bounce off springs, you smash some robots, you have a good time.  But there's just too many stages in here where instead of having fun playing the game you wanted to play, you instead have to deal with frustrating trial and error to figure out how to proceed.  Variety can sometimes be a good thing in games to stop it from feeling repetitive, but this much variety is too much.  It feels like it's trying to be too many games at once, and that just isn't fun."
,Recommended,329440,20941960,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Bubble Blowing Baby,This game will rob your lives in less than a second.10/10 IGNwould get robbed again
76561198239623230,Not Recommended,329440,21952988,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,ultgamerCW,ok who made it so sonic was the slowest game in my library . Even dashing he felt slow was this due to a port or did the wii u game have this speed ? unless there is a run option in the game i will not treat this as a sonic game if you want a game that is simmler to this but moves faster play mario galaxy 1 for the old wii. It might sound cliche but thats what i would play over this.
76561198105127246,Recommended,329440,21781854,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,dshaynie,Awesome game but please PLEASE I BEG OF YOU ask nintnedo for the yoshi and zelda dlc
,Recommended,329440,21606588,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Sixcorby,aka super sonic galaxy
,Recommended,329440,18846979,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,meme diddly moot,11/10 game has fruit very healthy
,Recommended,329440,18848827,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,My Rody is Bedgie,"EDIT: This review was a joke (except for the T-pose thing). The game runs fine and I love playing the mods on it! Fixed some settings and made the T-pose go away.REALLY?!?!? This port is terrible. the xbox controls and steam icon are terribly low in quality and when I start the game, It runs like it's an xbox one game on an NES and sonic is stuck in the T pose!10/10 would stand like a robot again -IGNBy Ben Spen who is 10 and likes men ;)"
,Recommended,329440,20924874,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,amy rose,what do i have to say about this game it is sonic it is sega and it is a ok but one of them pains in my♥♥♥♥♥games where you have there's ice stages that it takes you 10 years to work out where to go and the game play on this game is very bad it is slow and the boss fights are to easy i would not pay 30$ but if you do want a better copy of this game go out and buy a 3ds problem fixed
,Recommended,329440,20722340,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,DuivenMans,"It's an awesome game. The point is, I'm stuck in the cannon in Dessert Ruins 3 so I can't get to act 4 or the next zone.. Can anyone help me?"
,Not Recommended,329440,21138046,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Muscle Moose,"It's honestly just boring. The only saving grace for this game is its beautiful soundtrack. Beautiful graphics, but man it's like SEGA didn't want you to go fast at all. I got it for a reeeeeally low price which I believe is how the game should be priced on Steam.The UI has terrible scaling, there are a total of 4 useless graphical options (use your driver software to override), but the keyboard controls are spot on.Game is slow, bosses are absolutely awful.... Just wasn't a good game, I don't know what else to say."
76561198064278237,Recommended,329440,33813176,Posted: 26 July,all,MisterFister,"I have to say... this is not an amazing game, BUT it's definetly not a bad game. This game is kind of a special snowflake that totally depends on if you can get a hang on the controls.. if you do, well... you get a colorful and interesting experiment from sega that can be quite fun. If you don't however, then you get a game that will totally annoy you and bore you with it's not so great parkour sections and the frustrating 2D sections.TL;DRI'ts decent"
,Recommended,329440,18863140,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Notus,An okay port of an okay game.
,Not Recommended,329440,34453241,Posted: 23 August,all,NoBop2000,I returned this game about 20 mins after buying it (i already had the 3DS version which is basically the same as both this and the Wii U version BTW) the game isnt bad per say but has a few baffiling design choices (like a run button for example) and overall is just sinfully boring. That's really the main problem though the game is boring. The deadly whatevers or whatever they are called are interesting ideas for villians and have some decent designs but that doesnt save the game from being boring.
,Recommended,329440,28696969,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,TimeToBeRekt,"Beautiful game, has some of the most stunning gameplay in a sonc game, I reccomend it."
,Recommended,329440,34354445,Posted: 19 August,all,WakerLink,super mario galaxy сосатт
76561198034822646,Not Recommended,329440,21795137,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Barrick,"Unintuitive physics, sluggish controls, questionable level design, and poor dialog make this game a bad choice."
,Not Recommended,329440,20752146,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Shadow the Edgehog,Too slow
,Recommended,329440,18863913,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,googie,It A Great GameOnly Sonic Feels Like He Is Running In Slow-Motion
76561197993589812,Not Recommended,329440,22487711,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Boat Fast and Fish Ass,"I was personally turned on to see the exciting new action of a Sonic game once again until I found this pile of crap. I played and enjoyed for the first few hours but it was most definitely not worth the money I paid for it. I found massive issues trying to get any info on how to progress past the first few levels, there are very few if any explanations on how to play it. Also missing keyboard and mouse support but what do you expect from a Sonic game these days."
,Not Recommended,329440,33365901,Posted: 8 July,all,Spicyflower,"I rarely write reviews but I feel like I should for this one.This is easily the worst platformer I have ever played. The controls are so bad that it barely qualifies as a game. How anyone could have greenlighted this is beyond me.The music is pretty good however, but this game should be forgotten ASAP.  The next Sonic game better kickass or Im never playing this series again."
,Recommended,329440,29731473,Posted: 5 February,all,flabbyfinn,"Sonic Lost World is a game I feel is misunderstood by many. While the game does borrow elements from Super Mario Galaxy, the cylindrical stages give it its own identity. The spindash is finally worth using again, and coupled with this and sonic's bounce and kicks, you can speed through the tricky sections with satisfaction. The parkour mechanic is very useful when there are floor hazards, such as the ice in world 4. The Red Star Rings are fun to search for and collect, and Super Sonic gets a boost, replacing the spindash. The biggest criticism from me is the bosses. They are too common, and all too easy. There are also a few gimmicks that may turn fans away, but i reccomend giving this game a chance. It is not a bad game at all. Just make sure your PC can run it."
,Recommended,329440,18977520,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Jamie the Sheep,"Video Review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgPiI2EeNDUTLDW:This is an okay Sonic game that provides a decent new gameplay formula that is a little rough around the edges!The Pros:- Interesting Premise- Explorative Level Design- Fantastic soundtrack- Nice looking art styleThe Cons:- Poorly written plot, with a lot of missing exposition- The Wisp powers could use improvement (especially the rhythm wisp)- The game doesn't convey tutorial information very well- Some of the more gimmicky levels are lacking and need some more polish (Frozen factory act 2 i'm looking at you)"
,Recommended,329440,18843334,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,CATCH PHRASE,"It's EASILY the worst Sonic game. There's no question there. They put the least effort into this of all games they've ever made.We all know Sonic 06 was pretty bad, but I'm gonna blame microsoft for that one, since they rushed its production almost a year.Sonic Lost World is more of an effort to dip their toes in the water on a new approach to Sonic's marketing. There are 3 kinds of gamers.1. There are the older folks who played video games when the entire concept was new.2. My generation, the people who grew up while graphics were improving quickly and variously.3. The kids these days whining about how they don't have the games their friends have.There are two kinds of gamers in that third group. There are the kids who like all the toony games, like Mario and Skylanders, and there are the CoD kids. They were aiming for the kids who are into the toony games with Sonic Lost World (which, mind you, is the severe minority of the two).Anyway, enough about marketing. I'mma get more personal.I liked mario when I was very little and had no game console where I lived. With the market rivalry between Sonic and mario going on when I was younger (around 10 or so), and Sonic being the one I favored while watching those fanimations of the two fighting, I grew to be very biased against mario and more fond of how original and often thrilling Sonic games were. I'm sorry to admit I became a creator of fan characters, but I was in the crowd that liked Sonic's darker, more dramatic plots. I'm not sorry for that. Sonic 06 is honestly one of my favorite Sonic games (but I give it credit that most people refuse to because they don't know microsoft is the troublemaker). The environments were too FF, though, for sure. But aside that game, what Sonic game (just Sonic, not collaborative with other games and characters) wasn't original? Sonic Drift 1 and 2. Anything else?And the music was always AMAZING. It got better and better and better! Sonic Unleashed is my favorite Sonic game in absolutely every way (other than the night stages, of course, for obvious reasons that need no explaining). The music, the thrills, all of it was just epic.Sonic Colors was much less thrilling, but still alright. Generations was between the two, but it was fun to see this reference and that detail from way back when.Sonic Lost World is almost a copy and paste of super mario galaxy. The biggest difference is the pace you can move at. I've actually never played or watched any mario games newer than SM64, so I could be wrong. I honestly don't care. The environments and gameplay had nintendo written all over them, regardless, and being not only biased against nintendo, but favoring the originality and thrills and relative realism in Sonic games' environments and music, I was as disappointed with Lost World as everyone else. Almost offended.I do still recommend this game, though. Why? It sucks among Sonic games, but I'm also biased with Sonic games being my favorite series. And even though it IS slower and less thrilling than other (fairly) recent Sonic games, it's still faster than anything you're gonna get from boring ol' nintendo. The art sucks, the music sucks, the story is ""meh"", but I can't say I didn't have a moderate amount of fun playing it.Honestly, when Eggman ""died"" near the end, I cried. Even though the game was very light, that weighed SO HARD on me.The thrill and fun of the game, like most Sonic games, is in the long segments where you can dodge this, break that, and keep going without losing much speed (and not in the 2d platforming areas, which was almost the only shortcoming for Sonic Colors). They become more and more rare as the game progressed, and you're usually forced to slow down. No, I'm not one of the people who takes stages slow. I hate standing still, which is another reason I've found to hate nintendo.The new wisps are garbage. Without playing the game, you forget over a very short period of time that they're even in there. The red ""eagle"" floats like twice as fast as the green ""hover"" wisp, but that seriously isn't much. The indigo ""asteroid"" wisp is a time-consuming gimmick. It does you no favors in the game other than getting you either past a wall or toward a poorly-placed red ring.Speaking of red rings, Super Sonic is once again achievable by collecting them, and this time, it's even LESS worth it. You're invulnerable, but your top speed is no faster than the spindash. The spindash is simply replaced by boosting, which moves just as quickly and turns just as effectively, but it doesn't require the 60 milliseconds to initiate. And considering how long the transformation sequence takes, you're pretty much losing time doing it.AS FAR AS THE PORT GOESThere is no instruction manual. You gotta go to your input screen to figure out how to play. That wasn't much of an issue for me.You might have a hard time believing that the gameplay went to 1080p when you set it that way in the menu, but just get to the gameplay part, okay?And the cutscenes are compressed this time, sadly.Further, my IR emitter (that's a device for playing games in 3d, for those who don't know) won't even acknowledge it as a game.____________________________Overall, among all video games, I would give this 6.5/10 or so (which is still technically positive).Among Sonic games, definitely 2/10. I enjoy it much more than those sorry phone games (of which I've played about an hour)."
76561198163920154,Recommended,329440,29589342,Posted: 30 January,all,TrustingFlame23,Better than Sonic Boom.
,Not Recommended,329440,35306454,Posted: 29 September,all,Ebichu,creators should be ashamed!!!#notmysonic
76561198082523135,Recommended,329440,18870401,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,scottiscittles,I don't know. I enjoyed it.
,Not Recommended,329440,20722092,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,elnexon,"If you want to play your first Sonic game, and want to start with modern Sonic, buy Sonic Generations is the best modern Sonic game!But if you're a Sonic fan (like me), I recommend you play this game just for fun!Sonic Lost World 6/10(I don't speak english very well, sorry if I wrote something wrong)"
,Recommended,329440,18843103,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Snacker,"Nice graphics, awesome music as always.Sorry, Wii U.Wait, is it me, or the control settings can't be changed?Needs to be fixed, I think. Other than that, it's totally fine."
,Not Recommended,329440,20733890,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Zantagor,"I'm running this on a i5-4670 3.40Ghz8GB RamGTX960 4GBWay above recommended specs, yet somehow when running on my old monitor at 1680x1050 full screen, the game will struggle to even reach 45fpsWindowed, it runs mostly at 60fpsRunning on my HDTV at 1080p, I get near 60 while in menus, but in game it'll fluctuate between 40-55 constantly.   This is not normal.  We're talking a system that can run games like Dragon's Dogma maxed at 60 without much trouble.  I'm suspecting it's a v-sync issue, but this is still not normal at all."
,Not Recommended,329440,24503142,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,CLE,I'm disapointed with what Sonic franchise is becoming.
,Not Recommended,329440,20425168,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Reakor,"The most average game i've ever played. Terrible level design in the end game worlds, Terrible sunday morning cartoon story.  Beyond abysmal cast of antagonists. Average music along the way.Sonic team does it again."
,Not Recommended,329440,23510603,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,satsun,"I finished Lost World in around 7 hours and I didn't find it terribly enjoyable. First you'll notice that Sonic feels slower, you'll have to hold the run button in most scenarios when you want to run, which just seems silly for a Sonic game. Eventually, you'll find that you'll need to use the kick/bash/stomp button, I started the game and then dropped it and came back later, I don't remember going through a tutorial telling me how to utilize the kick button, I incidentally found out through frustration of mashing various buttons when trying to figure out how to knock down an enemy that I was required to destroy. Finally, you'll figure out that there's charge attack that is required to time just right, you'll wait for three, four, or five circles to click onto the enemy and you'll then have to quickly do a homing attack for the attack immediately after to be effective. It would really have been nice if a brief manual was attached to this game. Perhaps I should have looked in the community guides. Aside from those mechanics, homing sometimes seems flaky if you're on a sphere and the camera angle isn't quite right.As for the level design, some of them are fun and others are boring or frustrating. I think I maybe would enjoy the levels more on a second playthrough, but I shouldn't have to play through a game once to get used to the mechanics so I can properly enjoy it a second time through. It really kinda felt more like a current Mario-style game, much more platforming and avoiding obstacles than running and speeding around. By the final zone, I was just wanting it to be over with.As far as the audio goes, I enjoyed the music in the 16bit games and especially the Sega CD version (both US and international), but the music just keeps going downhill as far as originality goes; the music in Lost World is basically elevator music compared to past soundtracks and it's too loud (too much dynamic range compression). I just wish they would get back to the more edgy sound instead of this soft orchestral crap.The last Sonic platformer game I played was Generations and it was much better than Lost World. If you read this review then you should now be somewhat familiar with the mechanics and could probably go in less frustrated than myself so at least you'd have that going for you.In short, I feel like this was a Mario game repurposed as a Sonic game."
,Not Recommended,329440,20672216,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Freebird,"Wonderful! Steam's refund system still works.You know how Sonic Team has a tendancy of releasing really good Sonic games, then randomly releasing really bad Sonic games directly after it?Yeah this is one of those bad games.Pros:*Neat SMB3-like setup to the world navigation*Quests"" (Basically achievements with rewards)*Characters from other games are featured*Cutscenes help to break the monotonyCons:*Once again going back to the stupid stop-and-move Sonic, moving is not fluent, and not fast*The game will try to kill you, you cannot just go through a level without dying your first time through, even if you are an experienced player.*The bugs will kill you, over and over again, I played 39 minutes and got killed by bugs (aka flying off the screen due to a mechanic failure) 8 times.*It's set up in a ""perfect this for maximum rewards"" way, you will not want to perfect this, if you have OCD, STEER CLEAR.*Bizarre running 360 around a tube thing is the primary focus for this game, it's not fun in a Sonic game, it's not original, there's a reason it stays in Mario.*The music is bland and un-original, I'm pretty sure I've heard the Windy Hill tracks before.*The ""bad 6"" or whatever are annoying, and play terribly on stereotypes.*The bosses are boring, short, unchallenging, and buggy. I played 39 minutes to get to a boss that took me less than 10 seconds to beat, all the while listening to him taunting me through every stage up until then, extremely anti-climactic.Overall, this game is a crapshoot, go play Generations."
76561198081145223,Not Recommended,329440,29766536,Posted: 7 February,all,Liquid-Divinium,"You know your game probably needed a bit more work when it's the normally inferior handheld version that's the best.Sonic Lost World was already an off-putting game when it was on the Wii U, with a number of gameplay faults (conveluted controls, annoying level design, copying the LOOK of Mario Galaxy without copying the FUNCTION) and the absoloute dumbest story they could have written and when it comes to Sonic that's saying something. But that was on the Wii U, a console that just fails to live up to its supposed equals. It should be fine on the PC, right?'Course not! This is SEGA, and they just can't do a single Sonic-related thing right. In this case, it's the Optimisation that kills it. If you don't have the right sort of hardware, you can say hello to a refund 'cause it's borderline unplayable framerate and slowdown will kill any momentum you have. AND...no graphics options for a PC game. What.SEGA, please sort yourselves out. I don't want to see Sonic be the gaming punchline of the 21st Century, and this is just pitiful. Already one of the ""reviews"" for this game has this as it's first line: ""Update : Down vote to make Sonic the Hedgehog die faster.""Yeah, ♥♥♥♥ you too, mate."
76561198178202021,Not Recommended,329440,20717561,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Emma Isabella C,"bought the game, was super excited,The character designs are awesome, and it feels like they went to waste being used in this game. took me an hour just to figure out the controls, the gameplay was terrible, first boss battle was so boring, I had no information on how/when to attack. I spend an hour of waiting for him to run towards me, then jumping and hitting him when the target showed up. and I still died. If you can figure it out, be my guest. I am very disapointed. Decent cut scenes."
76561198275520268,Not Recommended,329440,24001768,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,TCperry1,"I would have kept this game if it wasn't for the the frames dropping constantly,it got to the point where I couldn't play because it was so slow. Before anyone tells tells me I have a junk computer,I have one thats specifically built for the purpose of playing and creating games. If they fix the frame issue I would recommend this but I can't with the game in it's current condition."
76561198066579227,Recommended,329440,18849204,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Grand Rizer,"pros- classic look mixed with modern look- no touchpad controls-hd gameplay-amazing graphics- amazing soundtrack-MODScons- lackluster story- no backstory to deadly six or the lost hex- originality of levels-boss fights to easyoverall it's a decent sonic game just not as good as generations or colors, just wished the story wasn't rushed like pontac said"
,Not Recommended,329440,20967051,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,F³,Good things:- Soundtrack-World 1-GraphicsBad things:-LEVEL DESIGN! Especially World 6-8.-Difficulty Spike! I had to grind so many lifes!-Final Boss was really bad.Summary:-3/10
,Recommended,329440,23572905,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Abrar,- mods- wallrun- aaand... meh
76561198310715704,Recommended,329440,28737470,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Sasuke__,REALLLY FUN
76561198125869013,Recommended,329440,18876351,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Blu Kingdom,"Great game but next time separate the sonic franchise to different series with their own gimmicks sonic team like Megamen (Classic,X,Legends,BattleNetwork...character is same but gameplays&fans are different)Make a another Classic Sonic with 2D gameplay&Spindash like old timesMake more Modern Sonic with Boost like Unleashed&Colors&Generationsİf you want to make more games like this with improved gameplay&parkour throw the unnecessary elements in the game"
76561198136933767,Not Recommended,329440,21801766,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Ludic Cheetah,"God this game is awful on so many levelsI don't know if anyone will actually read this all the way through or even skim it but I've gotta have my say in this no matter whatI already knew it was bad and stuff, but I didn't want to criticise it without giving it a shot and I thought maybe I could get some fun out of itOh how I was wrongI'm not joking when I say it feels like a flash game that's been 3D renderedI'm finding it hard to believe it's even Sonic because nothing about the game says ""Sonic"" to meFor some weird reason, Sonic moves really slowly and you have to press a button to speed him up. When you press it, it's how his speed should actually feel. The homing attack doesn't feel right either, it's kinda clunky and it isn't really a homing attack at all, it's this weird kick and it pauses a bit before it. When enemies are near each other and you homing attack one, it automatically does the others for you... Okay? I thought it was supposed to be ME playing the game but whatever. Again like any of them since Secret Rings, that weird target crosshair thing is there and I seem to be the only one but I really hate it. It makes the homing attack completely uncontrollable and doesn't feel like I'm really putting anything into it, it's just telling me to press a button and I press it. It's just there and makes some annoying noise and gets in the way. The way it worked in the past felt more instinctive and I don't know what makes people think this change is so good.The core of the story is actually fine, but it's ruined by the bad scripting, awful taste jokes and pointless Deadly Six who are just there to be in the way. Really... Wanna know one of the jokes?""I've been itching for a fight all day""""Maybe you're itching because you need a bath""...wtf?What does that even mean?The gameplay altogether just doesn't feel smooth, it's all over the place. It's cool how the spindash actually came back and stuff but it's impossible to use or control properly so it's just there.The music is boring, it has no oomph to it like the energy the Sonic Adventure games had, or Heroes, or the Classics either. Even Sonic Colours had more to it. It feels more like background noise that's just... There.Eggman is portrayed as a dumb idiot again and isn't intimidating at all... Yay...For some reason the game tries copying the aesthetic of Mario which just... Doesn't work. Sonic was literally invented to be something Mario could never beThings like random inanimate objects having faces and everything looking so cartoony. Okay, I know Sonic is supposed to be cartoony and stuff but it's not supposed to be like this. In fact, it looked just fine when they tried making it more real looking in the Mega Drive to Dreamcast eras.There's no sense of danger, no sense of adventure, no sense of energy. No fun. It's just been slapped together with a cheap production team.And altogether the game is just... Boring. You go on a level and at first the assets are decent, but they just get painfully recycled throughout the level and it gets repetitive and tiresome. I fought Zazz and... Sigh... Let me just walk aside a bit so that that star doesn't fall on me... Oh that wasn't hard... Oh... He's running into me and I have to jump over... Okay... Let's just do that about five more times then. What kind of sleep therapist designed this REALLY GOOD REALLY ORIGINAL game???I tried to like this, I really did. I just can't. And I've managed to like the infamous Sonic 06 after trying to like that.Speaking of Sonic 06, that game actually intended to have something good about it from the start and has enough reasonable positives... Unlike this.I didn't play very much of this, I just couldn't, I played about 3 or 4 levels and I can safely tell you it was a complete and utter waste of £5. I wouldn't play this if I was paid to.Just use my wasted damn money to make a good game with some blood, sweat and tears for once, okay, SEGA??"
,Recommended,329440,18850621,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,KanjiBeastMode,"Played about two hours so far, will update if needed.I've played through the entirety of the wii u version of this game and now i'm on the 4th ""area"" of the PC version.So far i have to say i like the Pc version a lot more. It's probably just because it's my second playthrough, but the controls seem more natural to me now, which was my only real complaint about the wii u version.If you enjoy platformers or Sonic games in general i highly recommend you get this game :)The controls do take a little getting used to, and the tutorials are pretty much non existent so it's kind of a figure it out yourself thing, but once you learn the controls, this game is very very fun.  To top it off, the levels are beautiful and well designed and as always in sonic games the soundtrack is very very catchy. Worth a buy in my opinion ;)"
,Recommended,329440,18848382,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,StChubster,"Runs at a smooth 60fps constantly, great controls though the parkour can be a bit finiky, but it'a a colourful and cute looking Sonic game and so much better than Sonic Boom. The level design is inspired by Mario Galaxy and has an exceptional soundtrack, that has a Sonic vibe to it the story and writing might put you off though.For my full thoughts on the game click the link below.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rMUYekH9plQ"
,Recommended,329440,18850008,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,The Arcade Viking,Best Sonic game in a long time!
76561198050590838,Recommended,329440,19923083,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,MLG Giffany,"The PC Version TOTALLY Makes The Wisp Abilities A Lot Easier To Function (Definetly Makes The Rocket Wisp Section A WHOLE Lot Better.) And The PC Version Makes The Game Easier To Play (And The Free Nightmare Zone DLC In This Game Is Great.) And It Is A Really Fun Game Where You Gotta Go Fast Before The Time Runs Out While Running On Spherical Terrain, Ice, Clouds, And The Cutscenes Are Amazing With Some Sillyness And Whatnot, And The Bosses Are So Fun To Fight, This Is The Best Game To Be On The PC."
,Recommended,329440,18849753,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,KITATUS,"It's a fantastic game.The FPS boost from the Wii U version makes all the difference. Every level feels fresh and new, I even had to dig up my Wii U copy to confirm that the levels were the same; They feel so different and even more awesome here!Deffo worth the price of admission for the amount of fun you'll have!Immediately one of my favourite games on Steam! Good job SEGA and the development team! Whoever ported this over is a genius; It runs so well!Edit: As Skitt64 correctly pointed out, The FPS is the same as the Wii U version. I must have mistaken the fluid feel along with the increased resolution with frames per second. My bad!"
,Not Recommended,329440,24012651,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Eight675Three09,"The game looks great, as all Sonic games do, but the controls are lacking. They're certainly better than Sonic 4, but aren't as good as Generations. It's fun to play but not as much as it could be."
,Recommended,329440,18868791,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Nadeem Wali,"DA SANIK GAM ON PEE-SEE HAES DA SCOR OF ""8.5 DORITOS OUT OF 10 DORITOS"" BUY IT DOE!"
,Recommended,329440,18869040,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Xazher,Gotta go fast(er).
76561198130649996,Recommended,329440,18874807,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Maxtenken14,My only complaint? Would it have killed them to add a frame skip setting?!
,Not Recommended,329440,21846955,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Taikunoaku,"Don't buy this game. Just dont. Not even worth your money on sale. Only get it if you need footage for a review.Story:♥♥♥♥♥♥ Who the ♥♥♥♥ wrote this, a three year old?Gameplay: Boring as♥♥♥♥♥♥ Nothing new here and even what is here is terrible.Level design: Beyond autistic. Lightyears past full retard. Sega basically took Mario Galaxy and threw Sonic in it.Characters: Words fail me at how schizophrenic they are. One cutscene they'e contemplating genocide and murder, the complete pointlessness of life, and the next everyone's happy and buddy buddy again. How was this rated E for everyone?I just can't even begin to imagine what the ♥♥♥♥ was going through the higherups of Sega when they greenlit this attrocity."
76561198073471639,Not Recommended,329440,21714375,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Ripkotsu,If i could seee what im doing id have a better review but as of now this game is terrible
,Recommended,329440,21897142,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,TeenJackBauer,6.5/10 TJBs
,Not Recommended,329440,31232457,Posted: 19 April,all,Kinzo きんぞ,"If you're a die-hard Sonic fan, go for it. I got this game when it came out on the Wii U, I was kind of out of the known when I saw it and had no information about it what so ever. Diving into it, I was disappointed. The only good thing I can really say about this one is bringing back the color powers. If only SEGA will make good use of them in the future. The levels all seem bland and exactly the same. The run button is mixed for me, there are times I hate it and times I don't. I personally bought this game again on Steam for modding purposes only, because modding Sonic games are fun.I guess I'll list some positives.• The Wisps powers are back, 8 Wisps, that includes the 5 new ones.• There are 7 Worlds, each with 4 zones.• 1 DLC Level.That's pretty much it, a lot of content was removed for the PC version. The Wii U version has 2 other DLC's based on Yoshi and Zelda. Has Multiplayer. A Hidden World. A minigame that allows you to play as different characters. A new Wisp.4.5/10. If you're planning to buy this game: I'd wait for a sale, not worth the full price."
76561198350276443,Not Recommended,329440,33203531,Posted: 3 July,all,TrainerRush,"GAME IS TRASH IM ALWAYS HOLDING DOWN GO AND PRESSING SPACE THATS IT, ITS ANNOYING OH YEAH AND WHAT IS ALSO ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ IS THAT YOU CANT AIM THE DRILL, SO I CANT ADVANCE INTO THE GAME. WHAT IS THIS TRASH? PEGI 7 SUCKS, I CAN TELL THIS IS PEGI 7 WHO MADE THIS SONIC GAME BULL. SEGA NEVER HAD WORKED WITH PEGI 7 AND THEIR GAMES HAVE BEEN GOOD. WELL GUESS WHAT NOW YOU WASTED MY MONEY"
,Not Recommended,329440,29683690,Posted: 3 February,all,☾» Virtual Scallop «☽,"I haven't even finished the game to be honest.  The part of me that wants to see this thing through to the end is dying.  So many things about this frustrate me.  For how much this game gets compared to Galaxy, it's accurate.  It's like Super Mario Galaxy.. but with worse controls, and level design.  The controls are really... awkward.  I cannot for the life of me get use to them, and I'm on the last level of the second to last world (I think).  I've never felt really in control of this game.  Just awkwardly stumbling through it.  This game does feature one thing faster than Sonic btw: how fast the game moves on from mechanic to mechanic.  You come across an asset/mechanic/whatnot.  You got used to it?  For better or for worse, your tiem is up.  It's time for a new level gimmick.  Some levels are also a mess of segments?  In the level I'm stuck on, there's a 2D platform segment for some time, then switches to a god awful 3D slide segment... then a weirdly easy 2D slide segment... then back to 2D platforming... and probably a boss after that.  One level.  Speaking of the 3D slide, it just reminds of Super Mario Galaxy again.  However, in theme with this game, it controls terribly.  There's also a parkour system I think?  However, this brings up another point about this game:  it seems to do a poor job of explaining its mechanics?  I jsut keep fumbling through the new assets it just keeps throwing out.  Maybe I'm just terrible at games, and maybe it's partially that... but I don't feel the game has made any proper effort to teach the player how to play.  Parkour was a thing I kept hearing being brought up... but here I am late game, and I have no idea how to properly execute it.  I wanted to like this game.... I wanted to give it a chance... but it just keeps failing on so many fronts.  It's a frustrating ordeal."
76561198205164433,Not Recommended,329440,21785378,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,HaminKing,"dear sega.this game sounds great, but....i just bought it and it crushes after 20 seconds, what can i do?"
,Not Recommended,329440,21822139,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Scoobford,"After the great Day sections of sonic unleashed, sonic colors, and sonic generations as the best 3d sonic games to date, SEGA changed the formula. And it doesn't work at all. Appears at first glance to be a ripoff of Super Mario Galaxy, but the movement is bad, parkour system never seems to work as you would like, and frankly why the hell does sonic have a run button? Also the movement is somehow slippery and sluggish at the same time, feels terrible."
,Not Recommended,329440,21786846,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,hacker kush,my wireless xbox controller doesn't work.it should have.gonna refund.
,Not Recommended,329440,21793150,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,[DFS] iceh,Your 2 slow!!!!!
,Recommended,329440,20041621,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Dr.Lag-switch dog,why is this game so slow its like 1-10 fps like wth i like the game but why is it so slow
,Not Recommended,329440,21162859,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Hawthm the Coward,"I was excited to see this game out on Steam, since I'd enjoyed Colors so much on the Wii. I was looking forward to playing the game now that it was no longer exclusive...However, it ended up being very disappointing.The stage designs aren't bad. The villains are poorly acted but no worse than some others I've seen. The graphics are nice (though the colors are a bit gray at times). The music is the high point of the game, aside from the boss theme it's quite good.The main problem with this game is how Sonic moves. The new double jump/target jump combo handles poorly, often causing accidental damage and even death. The colors handle far worse than they did in Colors, and pop up an immersion-killing message every time they wear off. The brake is poor and never useful. But the biggest issue is...Sonic moves SO SLOWLY.I wouldn't mind if it tried to handle itself more like a slower game. Mario games are slower and play well. But this game tries to combine Sonic mechanics with the low speed, resulting in something that always feels painfully slow. Your maximum speed is reached very quickly, since Sonic accelerates like he always did; making it feel like he's TRYING to hold back. And the occasional speed machines (don't know their official name, the things you've always run into to go faster in Sonic) propel you forward at a more classical speed (though that is slower as well), they lose their boost rapidly, killing off any rush you might've gotten from it.Overall? Sonic Generations is on this store, as well as 2, CD and Adventures 1 and 2. Any of them would make a better choice. This was a nice attempt with one fatal flaw...But that flaw kills it."
76561198136449147,Not Recommended,329440,21137374,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,"The ""Magical"" Dispenser","The game is great, but there's a main problem with this port: the bugs. They make the game unplayable most of the times, and some are game breaking, I highly recommend buying the Wii U version than this port. About the gameplay, it's simply Super Mario Galaxy, but instead of Mario is Sonic, instead of small planets is some fragments from the lost hex and some extra features, also horrible boss battles that are easier than the actual stage. I reccomend to you buy the generations instead of this. Only Sonic Boom is worse than this (excluding Sonic 06)."
,Recommended,329440,18848018,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Spooky Schnitzel,can u umm like fix this game?? doesnt even launch
,Not Recommended,329440,35474704,Posted: 4 October,all,Monotaro,"Awful and buggy port, go buy Sonic Generations instead."
,Recommended,329440,20046628,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Sega77,not fast enough11/10
,Not Recommended,329440,18965896,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Miden,"Should you play this game? No...It is frustrating as hell, the game does a poor job to teach you how to play it and the level design has to many infuriating, choop layouts.If you have a 3Ds, buy this version.PS. I finished the game with all the Emeralds."
,Not Recommended,329440,33877535,Posted: 29 July,all,DoubleCrescent,"To me, this does not feel like a Sonic game. I've played and beaten all of the Sonic games on Steam, and this is one of my least favourites. Many people compare Lost World to Super Mario Galaxy, and I feel like that is a fair comparison.Throughout my playthrough, I found very few stages which felt like a true Sonic stage, while some would force an uninteresting gimmick on you or stop you on a sphere to defeat enemies or complete a puzzle/objective. The game would take away your speed and force you to slow down. While this isn't a bad thing, it wasn't done well here and many improvements could have been made.Windy Hill Act 1 was a good opening stage, but the game kept going downhill from that point on. Some stages were a complete bore for me, including Frozen Factory Act 2, Silent Forest Act 2 and 3, and Sky Road Act 4. Some of my favourite stages were short and fast, and rewarded quick thinking, good timing and the ability to keep your speed going. Desert Ruins Act 2 and Sky Road Act 2 were a blast to play through, the former because of the exhilirating speed, and the latter because of the amount of skill it takes to keep your speed going.The bosses were kinda meh, honestly. A few were ok, including the final boss, but most were boring and either too quick or frustrating. The refights in Lava Mountain were frustrating as well, particularly due to the lack of checkpoints and the seemingly random nature of the Red Star Rings.Oh, and Red Star Rings are back from Colors and Generations. I didn't bother too much when it came to going back for them, as I didn't feel like replaying a large majority of the stages, but excluding some stages, they are placed in reasonable locations that either make you take a riskier path or go out of your way completely.Wisps are another game mechanic from Colors to make a return, with some familiar faces such as Cyan Laser and Yellow Drill, and some new wisps like Indigo Asteroid and Crimson Eagle. I didn't mind the inclusion, as I can't recall any situations where the use of a Wisp is required to proceed.Overall, Sonic Lost World feels more like a faster Mario Galaxy. If you enjoyed those games, this might be worth a shot, but I can't recommend this at full price to someone who dislikes the amount of silly gimmicks and forced stops the game puts you through.Probably best to buy on sale, but even then I feel the 3DS version is superior."
,Recommended,329440,18930608,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,3D Dot Game Heroes,"Even if you can get past the terrible graphics, lame story, horrible gameplay, bad level designs, outdated mechanics, cringe-worthy one-liners, bare bones multiplayer and abysmal mini-games, Sonic Lost World would still be a terrible game.I read about it onine and apparently this was only on the 360 version of the game. Without sounding like a fanboy (im really not), I traded in for the PS3 version. Despite the extra cost it was well worth it and now works fine, and works on its reputation in making it the perfect game. I hope they will patch the 360 version within the coming months as it is horrid."
,Recommended,329440,18871274,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,o-|==>-CheezWarrior-<==|-o,"This game is pretty fun, it has the classic elements of a sonic platformer including the old badniks and some new mechanics too.Very well optimised, when the game is working, it does so effortlessly, very resource friendly.Graphics 5/5 :Very colorful and the entire game has a pretty cartoonish feel to it, which looks fabulous on HD.Sound 4/5 : Nothing particularly new here unfortunately, it's unclear if any audio enhancements are available, though voices are spoken clearly and the sound effects didn't make my ears bleed, which is a useful factor, good stuff all and all.Gameplay 3/5 :If a multiplayer was put into this one, it would have been much better since the game within itself is pretty solid to play, plenty of challenges to overcome and plenty of obstactles to run past, destroy or leap over, The storyline is pretty funny and the bosses have pre-fight banter through out some stages, which adds a little humour to the mix, very decent game.Overall 3.5/5 :It depends on what you're looking for in a platformer, if its bonefide cognitive gauntlets, this is a solid choice, though if its multiplayer mayhem, i would look elsewhere, i'd recommend playing it if you have no problems with single player gaming."
,Recommended,329440,23262255,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,tftrevor813,I honestly did not expect this game to be an actual pc game but I enjoyed this game all the way to the end but hopefully in the future Sonic Adventure 3 would hopefully be a thing one day ... whenever that is.Great Controller controls and that's about it I never really encountered any problems in my playthrough and there should be an anti time rating cheat system to punish the people who hack it  with 0:00 ...
,Not Recommended,329440,23762370,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Fisk,"The game is okay, but it has horible quality and does not live up to my hopes. I liked Sonic Generations even more than this game. I think you should not buy this game when it's in full price. :)"
76561198163455997,Recommended,329440,18849129,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,RATTLE ME BONES!!,AIGHT time to make review on this title again because my old review sucked..♥♥♥♥♥anyway here are my thoughts on Sonic Lost World._Pros_:-good 60 fps.-nice controls (i guess).-amazing enviroment.-cool graphics.-i like how at the ending it gets really challenging (i guess).-animation on fleek._Cons_:-level design (THOSE FRICKING ICE STAGES!!).-easiest boss fights.-short story.-gets pretty boring once you play for a whileso yeah... SLW is a pretty enjoyable (for a while) so im giving it a honest 6.9/10.(also check out my sonic fan group if you like:https://steamcommunity.com/groups/SonicSteamGroup)
,Not Recommended,329440,22118375,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,P_Bubbles,"This game is the biggest piece of fart poop since testicular cancer, but at least those blue balls don't make you want to kill yourself. I would rather eat a cadbury creme egg than play this game. I would rather nail the stingray that killed Steve Irwin than play this game. It's controls are clunky and slow, just like my ex girlfriend. The level design actively punishes exploration because why would you want to find secrets, there are none you greedy fat loser. Do yourself a favor and use your money to go eat a chilli dog and remember the days when Sonic was good. Just kidding you idiot all the Sonics suck except for Generations so go play that hockweed.I rate this game:OJ Simpson Is Guilty / 10"
,Not Recommended,329440,21142290,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,N312,"I can't do it, I just can't do it. I wanted to like this game, it had a few okay levels at first, I even got myself to laugh at some of the dialogue for a while. But it just can't last. The story just makes less and less sense as it goes along, and the characters feel alienating, when there is a clear, external antagonist and instead they just focus on bickering between each other, and having Tails turn into a sarcastic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ (more so than Sonic, I mean) part-way through the story just feels weird for me, especially when it just comes out of nowhere. But honestly the story and writing is the least of my problems with this one.The score is lighthearted but utterly feels uninspired, as do the world designs. The zones can get pretty inconsistent, especially the second 'desert' zone that contains two desert levels, one level set in a beehive, and another level set in an alternate universe that is literally made of sweets and cake and that kind of thing. I really don't know where they came from, honestly. Lots and lots of cheap deaths because of the cumbersome movement controls, that's what killed it for me. It all feels kind of weird: they try to use the old 2D sonic physics (with Sonic having a lot of weight and taking time to get up to speed) without providing anything in the 3D space to increase momentum in most levels. It's considerably slower than the Sonic Adventure games, or at least it feels that way because of how sprawling a lot of levels tend to be, though at least eschews the darker pallet and more 'realistic' textures for a bright and smooth look. Except the gloves. The gloves are unusually textured, and I can't not notice it. Fighting enemies will kill your momentum in an instant though, and speaking of which, they slowly introduce enemies that require extra steps to beat without any clear rules of how to accomplish those steps. I hope I'm not the only one who didn't know there was a kick mechanic because it only activates when you're in the air and locked onto an enemy, and on the ground it just makes you do slow rolls, which I believe are literally useless, I have not determined a single use of them thus far.There are some cartoony demons that comprise the boss fights of the game and their basically just some character tropes. Spastic redneck, fat idiot, old mustached karate master, materialistic beauty queen, and of course the red one who is the leader because he is red. Oh, and one more--the depressed one. Honestly it was just strange, interracting with this enemy. His design is kind of still bright, just using muted shades of blue and grey, and looks very much in-line with the game's aesthetic, but his dialogue is just very ... unique. He just, talks about having depression and waiting for death without a hint of irony or hesitation. Not caring about anything, not wanting to do anything, even get out of bed, telling sonic that ""nothing matters"" and ""in the end we all die anyway"", or ""In the end, the Reaper is the only one who wins."" Honestly just look him up because it feels so out of place. I don't think a game clearly intended for young audiences SHOULDN'T be allowed to have characters who are clearly and openly depressed, even suicidal, and they definitely don't make it over dramatic here, but it's hard to tell if all of this is just a joke like literally every other boss character, or if they are genuinely trying to be serious about it, in which case, it feels kind of pointless, for at least as much of the game as I played, nothing really happens with those character traits at all. It feels silly to go on about that character as much as I did but I legitemately suffered through the most wretched and painful to play zone, the Silent Forest, just because he was talking in it the whole time. Saying that now I have to wonder if that was meant to be like the suicide forest, though I may be stretching it there. But hey, the frustrating levels made me want to kill myself, so there's that.The game has a couple talking points in it, if only to see how Sonic games have changed over the years, but at the end of the day, this felt empty, poorly designed, with cumbersome and awkward controls and characters that felt disconnected honestly. I wanted it to be good, but I don't think I can easily recommend the game to anyone when it's just not really that fun."
76561198056260632,Not Recommended,329440,21068029,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Chaossniper,"Sonic's catch phrase nowadays is ""Gotta go fast!"". This is funny because in this sonic game YOU HAVE TO HOLD DOWN THE TRIGGER TO RUN!? The controls are wack, horrible collison detection, and weird momentum issues. Just play Sonic Generations.4/10"
,Not Recommended,329440,24622935,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Jrob224,How can you put a game up this broken?
,Not Recommended,329440,20672051,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Techbane,"I like the aesthetic, even when it's not being subtle about aping Mario Galaxy. The music is fine. The port is pretty good, save for trying to figure out the controls for the first time. I like the idea of setting sections of level around a cylinder to let you choose a path, and a lock-on combo system is... interesting.But the controls. The pacing. The gameplay. The characters. They hurt me. They hurt me to my core. There are some good parts and level gimmicks, but it's not rough around the edges -- it's candy coating on a poop nugget. It's Sonic 4 levels of ""why did this have to be made"". I always thought Sonic games might've been improved by addition of a run button to let you control your velocity better, BUT I WAS WRONG. I WAS SO WROOOONG."
76561198093675986,Not Recommended,329440,31064944,Posted: 10 April,all,Cashew Nut,"This game starts off so well, fun, relaxing and just a good sonic game. But then you get to the Zavok boss fight and you uninstall the game becuase its so hard and unfair, it does not let you complete the finishing move causing you to take damage."
,Not Recommended,329440,21191002,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Frank,♥♥♥♥ this game
76561198095634040,Not Recommended,329440,23545925,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Gordikk,Meh.  First Sonic game I've ever been disappointed with.  And this is coming from someone who LOVES Shadow The Hedgehog and Sonic '06.
,Recommended,329440,18842793,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,ツネシデース,Still waiting for Shadow the Edgehog HDhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=547034960
76561198132754470,Not Recommended,329440,30902919,Posted: 2 April,all,nicola36631,"I'm a huge sonic fan, or I should say I'm a big fan on classic sonic and boost sonic ( I didn't enjoy the adventure style that much)  since sonic has so many styles nowdays. I loved the hell out of generations and I'm super hyped about forces and mania, I'll probably buy both on launch. This game however is just terrible. Sonic is really slow, but that's not the main issue since for example in the classics sonic wasn't that fast either. The main problem here are the controls. Sonic is really, really sluggish and the run button just doesn't belong in a sonic game since you ALWAYS want to go fast ( you know, the motto of sonic? GOTTA GO FAST?!). It just should've been a parkour button at best, since they combined both in one and most of the time in the 2d parts you'll not hold the button cause that'll cause sonic to climb and most of the time that do more harm than good. Another thing that got on my nerves really really quickly is how the jump and sonic in general doesn't carry ANY sort of momentum. Also you can see that this game was aimed to children cause when that's the case nowdays they have to make the protagonists unbearable. Really, i started to like the deadly sins and eggman  way more than sonic and tails for just how annoying they are. Overall this game is just a Mario Galaxy wanna be, to the point where it becomes the main problem. It just is too similar to Mario. Heck, it even has the same zones! Overall 5/10. The game isn't terrible, but this is not a good sonic game for me."
,Not Recommended,329440,23463620,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,「FISHY」,"Gotta Go Fast. Gotta Go Fast. Gotta go faster, faster, faster."
76561198039679458,Not Recommended,329440,20730718,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Kharnivore2099,"-Alright looking game, generally quite clean and colourful. No real complaints as it is a Sonic game.-Clunky gameplay; wall runs, ledge grabbing and Sonic's speed and jumps all feel rather awkward and sluggish. The lock-on attacks seem very temperamental and I found myself being hit quite a lot due to them not working properly. Half of the levels feel like I'm not even playing them, lots of on rails sections that you just watch rather than play.-Bad presentation: I genuinely have no idea why the levels are set around a boardgame-like hex grid. There are other spaces to move to to get achievements and pick up items, but there seems to be no real reason for it to be like that. Comes across as rerally ridiculous.-Bugs: Got stuck in the terrain/scenery quite a few times in the space of 2 hours. Managed to bug out the interface by switching between the pause options on the map area and the item menu. Experienced some really nasty slow down in a few areas. Not what ou should have with an overclocked i3, 8GB RAM and a 750ti.I was going to going to write a proper review but i think it was all summed up above. It's not ""terrible"", like so many Sonic games before it, but it certainly isn't great or even very good. I kept trying to excuse it as a kids game but that isn't fair either, as plenty of universal age games are actually quite good.If you like Sonic then get it on a deal like i did, didn't feel to bad for £6-7. I just feel sorry for the people that bought it for full price on the Wii U. :/"
,Not Recommended,329440,28701999,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Unregistered Hypercam 2,"If this was any other character besides Sonic, this would get good reviews.- Great Platformer but NOT a Sonic game."
76561198021757575,Recommended,329440,19962362,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Incipit Satan,LOVE SONIC AN SEGA NEVER SEEMS TO FAIL AT A GOOD SONIC GAME!!!!!!!!!!
76561198200316921,Not Recommended,329440,30626644,Posted: 19 March,all,That One Ninja,"I am a pretty big sonic fan. However, if you are heavily debating on getting this game or not, like I did, I am here to tell you that this game is not very good. It was the very first game I ever had to return on steam. This game I personally feel is more about platformng, rather than speed. The graphics may be nice, but the gameplay isn't nice. This game also feels more presented towards younger audiences. It is also very hard to control sonic. If you want a good sonic game, I reccommend Generations for two reasons. It has way better gameplay + will keep you busy for a while, but also It's cheaper than Lost World! This game was not the game for me and I feel as if it is geared towards younger audiences. I hope this review is useful!"
,Not Recommended,329440,19187633,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Megaboom,run through lifeless cylindersmindnumbing 2d sectionsfight the worst bosses of the generationplay as a snowball (?????)wish you were playing sonic 3 and knuckles generations rush adventure cd racing transformed dx directors cut
,Not Recommended,329440,35053880,Posted: 18 September,all,Turd Sandwich,Just play through Generations again
,Not Recommended,329440,19067085,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,HALiMAH,"Urgh, one of the worst sonic games to date."
76561198032391479,Not Recommended,329440,18902221,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Nugs,"Game does not seem adapted for PC very well, was a bit clumbsy. It did however recommend a gamepad, but I don't have one with me. I'm not a fan of games that require specific hardware to play.A tutorial of any sort is completly non existant. I had to google how to do many simple things, like wall walk; and not until I started looking at google did I realize I had an inventory I could use items out of."
,Not Recommended,329440,29236564,Posted: 13 January,all,Tazdrongo,the controls threw me off
,Not Recommended,329440,23390345,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Pingle McGee II,Game crashes after first cutscene and lots of people are having the same issue where they can't even play this full price game.Do not buy!It is unlikely going to be fixed by sega...
,Not Recommended,329440,32189576,Posted: 4 June,all,Exchicharito,Unfortunately its a bad copy paste of mario galaxy...
76561198034427797,Recommended,329440,34741151,Posted: 4 September,all,Calypso,♥♥♥♥ that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
76561198263016214,Recommended,329440,20589817,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Vsauce,"part of this game is pretty good.......but to the parts which are not........................./´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
,Not Recommended,329440,29155238,Posted: 9 January,all,Mark Fairfox,"Update : Down vote to make Sonic the Hedgehog die faster._ - _ - _ - _ - _ - _ - _ - _ - _ - _ - _ - _ - _ - _ - _ - _ - _ - _ - _ - _ - _ - _ - _ - _ - _ - _After owning it for the failing WiiU system and now on Steam, I find I hate this title just as much as I did then and maybe even more now, for people that say people only hate this game because they are not good at it should delete yourself from Steam forever.Every level feels like there was no planing at all put into them, if you look over every level design choice you see like, put BS thing here, if you are lucky you will not be killed by the bad level programing and or Sonic The Hedgehog running on the side of everything in the level, even if you are trying the hardest to get Sonic to do what you want.I here some people thinking  that I suck at video games, and I say that I don't. I play some of the hardest games ever made like Darksouls and difficulty is not a problem for me, I'M one of the best Tails Main in Sonic & Sega Allstarts Racing Transformed, I played every Game in the franchise good or bad. Played all the way to the end of this B Team train reck they tried to sell us.People prase the music, and I for one think it does sound good. But not as music for a ""Sonic Game"" music more in line with Sandbox building games like Minecraft, music I put on for a baby to go to sleep with.They are trying there F'ing hardest to suck the live out of the franchise, like do we even need a story if they are going to put next to no effort into it. Even a four year old can spot the errors in the first few cutseens, I am not even going to cover how bad they are because there is youtube, you can watch them yourself's and you can not view cutseens after they play without deleting your save and starting all over again, I don't understand why they did this because both Colors and Generations had a movie player screen where you could.Things that would make this game a better titleredo every level throwing out almost everythingmake the music less slow and boringremove the run buttonget rid of the wall runningcan spindash on ice/ remove icestop the kiddy hand holdingmake Sonic into a badass again"
,Not Recommended,329440,18922160,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,levinethe777,"Dear SEGA,Please make a Sonic game where he can move fast. Cuz, if I wanna play a slow moving platforming game, I'll go play Mario.best regards,your disappointed fanp.s. the visual style is awesome, please keep that for the next (hopefully fast) Sonic game."
76561198032113476,Not Recommended,329440,34589488,Posted: 29 August,all,Light Wuf,Just... no. Save your money for something better sonic related like the latest Sonic game. Not this game. Do not mistake my  5 hours of game play for actually liking this game. That was me being stubborn and not having fun at all.
76561198212959072,Not Recommended,329440,24047405,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,natbird78,"As soon as i start the game,it's glitchy and slow as hell!"
76561198032622804,Not Recommended,329440,26745230,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Feneks,"This game misses the MAIN aspect that makes Sonic entertaining : speed!!! It's so slow, i didn't go to the end of first level, it was soooo disappointing...Avoid this title if you like Sonic games, this is just an epic fail imo..."
,Not Recommended,329440,33221086,Posted: 4 July,all,Windyy冬 ^v^,Well.... not recommended
76561198356662060,Not Recommended,329440,33283481,Posted: 5 July,all,FIRE,"This game is horrendous. For one, you have to hold down a certain button to run, when in every other game you just move in a certain direction or use a boost, but in this game, if you don't hold down that button, you're basically walking. Even then when you're running, you're still pretty slow. This game basically takes away what Sonic is most known for: his speed.This game doesn't even feel original because it carries a Super Mario Galaxy vibe. The game also doesn't really teach you how to play. I played with a gamepad and I couldn't even figure out which button would let me open the ? circle every time it appeared.The only other way that I can insult this game is to say that Sonic 06 is better than Sonic Lost World."
,Not Recommended,329440,34817227,Posted: 8 September,all,spectrum,"One of the worst games of 2013. Awful controls, nonsensical button mapping, a totally unjustificable attack system featuring the standard jump attack and spindash, charged homing attacksandkick attacks (never explained when to use which one of the three), broken power-ups, hilariously empty stages, headache-inducing minigames and missions, pathetically easy boss fights, inconsistent physics and hitboxes - the list goes on. This istheprime example of a video game hastily thrown together without any insights around what good game design means. Even the menus are a hassle, an example is the time limit that is hidden from view most of the time.The graphics are nice and the music is perfectly fine too."
,Not Recommended,329440,30959490,Posted: 5 April,all,Ever,Я искренне желаю всем привлечённым к созданию этой игры людям провести остаток своих дней на бирже труда.I sincerely wish the people who created this game to spend the rest of their lives on public employment service.
76561198004380186,Not Recommended,329440,20702904,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,DavidLAD,this game sucks
76561198051187378,Not Recommended,329440,34639647,Posted: 31 August,all,averagesnkfan,"I don't recommend supporting Sega. Even buying their good games supports bad practices but this game is average at best.If you've played Sonic 4 Episode 1 then perhaps the simplest explanation I can give to how Sonic Lost World feels is to imagine that game but in 3D.They're actually quite different games, of course, but both of them manage to make Sonic gameplay feel completely empty and uninteresting in different ways.That said Lost World is the one Sonic game I can think of besides 4 Episode 1 where Sonic stops dead almost immediately after you let go of the controller.I quite honestly prefer the 3DS version of the game. That game's a train-wreck almost on the level of Sonic 06 but there's something endearing about how earnestly inept it is which is lacking in the competent but bland HD version.This game? You probably won't remember it the day after you beat it unless you aim to unlock the achievements which are an extremely repetitive & un-challenging grind with no reward besides the achievement itself. Then you’ll remember it for the wrong reasons.The only real challenge other than some of the Time Attack S Ranks (that snowball level is pure luck) is getting the Red Rings & it's while getting one of the most difficult Red Rings in the game in Silent Forest's ice cavern stage that I ran into a bizarre glitch where the audio would cut to an annoying buzzing sound after the first few notes every time I died until I beat the level.I completely understand why the Zelda and Yoshi themed levels had to be removed from the PC port but they're perhaps the most interesting 3D and 2D levels in the game respectively so their absence is definitely a loss. The Circus Tents, multiplayer and item trading are gone too but nobody's going to miss them.A definite improvement over the Wii U version is that there's no motion controls. They were patched to be ""optional"" on Wii U but tilting the controller would still register movement for gyro based gimmicks which made it difficult to avoid. That said none of the wisps are much fun to use even with improved controls.On PC you get the Nightmare Zone, which was a first-print-run exclusive download code on Wii U, for free but it merely consists of a gauntlet of easier NiGHTS themed reskins of a few bosses from the main game coupled with a completely automated & very simplistic level in between. About its best feature is being the most efficient way to grind rings for the achievements.The one compliment I can give the game as a whole is that I like its soundtrack. It has a reputation for being far inferior than the composer’s previous works which include Sonic Generations, Unleashed and 06 but I still think most of it sounds decent."
76561198193351757,Recommended,329440,18842278,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,TheJojoNetwork,"tried playing it, but the game runs in a weird slow-motion when the framerate goes under 60, fix this sega, please."
76561198031398095,Not Recommended,329440,34007238,Posted: 3 August,all,Saberpeep,terrible super mario galaxy ripoff.
76561198252527022,Not Recommended,329440,18850658,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Melku44,"If you are looking for a fast paced game like Sonic Generations, this is not for you. This is a Sonic platformer. IT will kind of remind you of Super MArio Galaxy, but faster and with Sonic."
,Not Recommended,329440,31008319,Posted: 7 April,all,Domiiknow,Please tell me I can get a refund on this
,Not Recommended,329440,30881397,Posted: 1 April,all,Teddy,♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,329440,33957890,Posted: 1 August,all,Eldar,Horrid. Clunkiest Sonic game ever.Coming from someone with diagnosed Asperger syndrome: not even Christian Weston Chandler would buy it.
76561197996224280,Not Recommended,329440,18867727,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,MorriBow,I would give this game a 9/10... but...Frozen Factory.1/10too bad
,Not Recommended,329440,34128133,Posted: 9 August,all,Slam the Pam,if u want terminal cancer this game will give you more
76561198206694472,Not Recommended,329440,18848213,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Blast Processing,"What kind of IDIOT puts a 60 fps cap on a game that can run on Intel HD graphics?  It's great that the'yre letting people like me run the game, who barely meet the requirements, but GET RID OF THE CAP.  I feel like the game's running through corn starch and water!  I have Sonic Generations, and it doesn't have the cap, so why does this?!  Do I like the game?  Yes.  Do I recommend it if the framerate issue is fixed?  Yes.  I'm a huge fan of SEGA.  Do I recommend it now?  No.  Not until the framerate cap is fixed."
,Not Recommended,329440,18899142,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Sparrow,Well im never buying another sonic game on PC.GG Sega
76561198027038417,Not Recommended,329440,32260776,Posted: 7 June,all,sevenix.zp,"All the Sonic games suck... that's nothing new... but this one is painful. I personally love the style of game they are going for here, and some of the level design is actually very good, but the controls, physics, and camera suck♥♥♥♥♥♥ The camera doesn't move around smoothly like it did in Mario Galaxy for example. And they often tie your momentum to the camera. For example, I was grinding on a rail and I jumped just before the camera started rotating, and for some reason the game added the momentum of the camera rotation to my character and threw me off the level.And what makes this game sucking worse is that Sega appears to be going back to the ""boost"" design for the next Sonic game, Sonic Forces. If they just refined the controls and physics here, they would have a serious contender with the best in the genre."
76561198262036705,Not Recommended,329440,31702823,Posted: 12 May,all,a Fucking waster,total♥♥♥♥♥♥thats runs like♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,329440,18855300,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,SANIC,The pc port is absolute garbage for lower end systems.
,Not Recommended,329440,26004062,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,ishmael205,god is dead
76561198084053705,Not Recommended,329440,26039298,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,kyle,is boring
,Not Recommended,329440,18849015,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Goosfraba,Does anyone know how to configure this game for an xbox controller? This whenever I try to use one nothing happens.
,Not Recommended,329440,23686729,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Shadow Blast,"Sonic game made for 8 year olds. Yeah, that pretty much covers it."
,Not Recommended,329440,18848596,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,DalekPuncher,"The worst sonic game I have ever played, at least 06 was funny with how bad it was.."
76561198130421850,Not Recommended,329440,18845649,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Karito Kuriti,I do not recommend this game for the pc. I preferred it on the wii u. For the pc it was a laggy experience with uncomfortable controls and horrible sound quality. On the wii u it was the complete opposite. It was perfect and even included free dlc. For me I got nights dlc with the game on pc but the wii u dlc was better. So in my opinion it isn't the game it was the port itself. Im probably gonna ask for a refund
,Not Recommended,329440,20302435,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Fwoup,Sonic Lost World feels more like a minigame than a full blown Sonic game.
,Recommended,329440,20233120,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,tarbohype4,"everything is cool, i jst wish that this game could run faster on Windows 10."
,Recommended,329440,20186046,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,avji55,"It's a great game with a few flaws, but well worth a play :)"
76561198144819854,Not Recommended,329440,20343460,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,HARLOCKE,"i bought this game in sale, because all the reviews said it was good, not great but okay, and since a long time i havent expected anything from a sonic game, Generations was good i like that one and enjoy it, even bought it twice, PC and xbox, but this game, jesus this game got me suferring 5 of the wrols are good, enjoyable but u get to a moment in the game where everything is exhausting and u have no idea wtf is going on.what i hate the mostthere is no super sonic final boss fight or something like that, the final boss its like any other normal boos of every sonic game. In fact it was the first time i felt like playing sonic in the final worldif u are looking for a sonic game u will enjoy go with sonic generations"
76561198108175429,Recommended,329440,30638341,Posted: 20 March,all,M1ghtyena,"I would only get this game if you're a huge sonic the hedgehog fan, and if you have a ton of paitence. You're going to get frustrated with this game because of how difficult it is, and you're going to want to break your controller a couple dozen times."
,Not Recommended,329440,20011547,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,fleety21,"Always wanted to know first hand as to why people say this was a step backwards from Sonic Generations, and I can now see why and echo those calls. This game controls like a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ a metaphor for Sega's everlasting reputation. I shouldn't be suprised, just when they got the formula right with Generations they go an ♥♥♥♥ it up for no apparent reason.Graphically the game is appealling, good colours, textures and all that. But the asthetics are probably the only appealling thing about this game.Controls are abysmal, its hard to navigate through levels and the whole parquor aspect is a bit clunky. The reason why generations worked was that the mechanics were simple and easy to navigate, it allowed a fluid flow of motion and gave simplified decision making in high speed parts. It was easy and fun. Here in Lost World, they try adding too many elements (parqour, wall running with homing attack, wall jump,etc) Its too much, allowing it to be more complex. That's no fun.Voice acting and story are your standard in any other Sonic game, nothing new there.In summary, a disappointing and frustrating game. To put things into perspecive, I always like to finish campaigns to get a sense of accomplishment and to finish the story. For this game, I switched it off after only half way, it is not worth the time."
,Recommended,329440,19979302,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Esquilo,"Sonic is annoyingly slow, you have to spin dash all the time to get an acceptable speed throughout the stages. This kills a lot of the fun. Despite this, it is a good rip off of Mario Galaxy for PC."
76561198053419204,Not Recommended,329440,20009962,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Human Required,"This review is coming from someone who's 100%ed this game on Wii U and bought the PC version for the mods (and to support Sonic Team).Here is the MAJOR ISSUE with it: this port is done by Sega Europe. What that means is, the controls are sluggist and delayed as hell compared to the Wii U version. This game emphasizes precision fairly heavily, so the sluggish controls are honestly a dealbreaker when maneuvers that were easy to pull off on Wii U are nearly impossible here.Something funny to note is that the 360 control map is literally a graphic the devs lifted from a deviantart page. They stole art. Wow.Get this only if you've already experienced the game in its best form on Wii U and were desperately craving another Sonic mod experience since Generations."
,Not Recommended,329440,19939320,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Solkia,Sega decides to innovate by creating the first platformer with no momentum whatsoever
,Recommended,329440,19890393,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,EAPyoutube,"Pros:-Xbox 360 controller support (better than Wii U Gamepad)-Sonic controls a lot nicer this time around  (compared to Wii U version)-Steam achievements-Modding-Less bugsCons:-Multiplayer missing-Carnival mini games missing-Nintendo levels missing-Locked 60fps (causes frame rate drops in certain areas with full settings on)It's an alright port. If you're not looking to buy this on Wii U and prefer to get it on Steam, now is the time. Wait until it's on sale though. Be sure to download the Jimmy Neutron mod for the game too!"
,Recommended,329440,19910105,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,gi99les,"A visual delight, plagued by some very questionable level design and clunky controls (at least on a 360 controller.)On it's own, The game is not bad. It has some pretty colorful visuals, and the soundtrack (while not my favorite Sonic soundtrack) is top notch. However, as a long time Sonic fan, I gotta say that there was little motivation for me to complete it's extremely short campaign. The story was meant for kids, I get that, but the jokes aren't funny, and the characters always feel the need to ""chime in"" during levels, meaning that if you get stuck on a certain part with a voice over, you'll hear the same line every single time you restart (And trust me, there are moments where you WILL get stuck repeating the section over and over.) The level design, while definitely unique, leads to severe frustration due to it's nature to add something new the farther you progress, such as Sonic rolling into a snowball, grind-only levels, and a floating level. I realize the developers wanted to keep the game engaging and ""mix it up"", but I feel they didn't have enough faith in it's main parkour-like system and subsequently developed these often frustrating side-levels to distract us. A shame, because given a little bit of fleshing out, the parkour system could have been so much more.Are you a fan of inventive platformers and feeling down that Nintendo won't port Super Mario Galaxy to the PC? Then I don't feel you'd regret picking this up, as it's worth a buy just for it's visual fidelity and soundtrack alone. If you're a Sonic fan or looking to scratch that Sonic itch, I'd recommend picking up Sonic Generations or Sonic Adventure 2 before you go for this one. And even then, I'd wait for a sale, cause there just isn't enough content to warrant the 30 dollar price tag, unless you're a platforming completionist."
,Recommended,329440,19928452,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Shanic,"Wasnt expecting too much from this, but I was plesently supprised, actually enjoy the cartoonish graphics and different style of play from previous sonic games."
76561197984007528,Recommended,329440,19866531,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Guts,This is a fantastic Sonic game with new and refreshing ideas. If you are a Sonic fan by any means pick this game up and you will have a blast. Great visuals and sound design and great soundtrack. Lets get more WiiU ports on Steam!!
,Recommended,329440,19860757,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Zephurr Blue Paw,"This is a really great game but! the achievements arent working for some reason and I don't know how to fix this issue. Other than that, the game runs really well on  GeForce GTX 960 G1 Nvidia card. Controls are a little bit tricky to get use to but once ya learn the controls its pretty easy. The machanics of the game are sometimes confusing but again, once ya get use to em its easy. Sonic unleashed or Sonic 06 was the same way. So if anyone has any idea why the achievements for this game arent working, would be great to get them fixed."
76561198030404344,Not Recommended,329440,19898864,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,SneakyBeat,"It's tolerable. In fact it's one of the better 3D Sonics. However, if you aren't a big Sonic fan (and I mean big enough to get the true ending in Heroes and Shadow the Hedgehog) I say skip it and get Generations instead if you don't already own that."
,Recommended,329440,19966910,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,El calvo de brazzers,"Aceptable game specially by kids, but it less some hardcore. We´ll wish exclusive DLC´s like Portal zone or Half Life zone, like It had on Wii U. Sega Europe forget multiplayer option on PC, on online unique and exclusive on PC."
,Recommended,329440,20255698,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,novaenraged022,This game is the first 3d sonic game i have played and i am blown away.Beautifull visuals and amazing music topped of by fun (at times frustrating) gameplay make sonic lost world one of my favorite platformers ever.9/10fingers crossed for more sonic to hit steam.
,Recommended,329440,20462436,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,R.C. Davidson,"While not the best Sonic game, it has some interesting ideas it could've stuck with if improved.  I have previously played the 3DS version of the game, and all I can say is that this port is way better than that version.First, this game isn't very demanding at all.  Seeing as this was a port (a good one) of a Wii U game, it's probably no surprise that getting 60 FPS is no issue on most computers from at least five years ago.  That doesn't mean the game is terrible looking.  In fact, it doesn't look that bad, and it's pretty colorful.  I would've liked to see a bit more options, but since the port seems to be properly done, I'm not going to make a big fuss out of it.The gameplay is also good.  While there are some flaw here and there, like not properly teaching you the new parkour system, I really have no complaints with the style Sonic Team went with.  I do question why the Wisps are back, because in the story (more on that later), they're not in it.  They're just there just to be there.  In fact, other than a completion record, they're not really that important.  I also love how easy the boss fights are (sarcasm totally intended).  I can name some easy bosses that are harder than these, but the point is that they're so easy that it's embarassing.  Early boss fights are forgivable for this, but the later ones?  One of them is just turning on the lights and do some homing attacks as the guy floats around doing nothing, a fight that probably wouldn't last even a minute.  Gameplay is fine, but they definitely needed to improve it instead of going to.......Sonic Boom.The story is a mixed bag.  The parts with Sonic and Eggman working together seem interesting enough, and you might get a few laughs out the story, but the main threat, the Deadly Six, doesn't feel like a threat at all.  Not only are they the easiest bosses I've ever fought in any game, which most of them are likely in my top ten easiests, they're also bland and stereotypical.  For example, Zazz, the rebel type, Zeena, the pretty girl, and Zomom, a big, fat idiot who loves eating food all the time.  About the only thing they had going for them was that they ""suck the color out"" of Sonic's world, but other than that, they can be pretty forgettable.  Thank goodness nobody plays Sonic games for the story.  That would be like buying a TV to hang a picture.One thing I would say that I hate is that the game can some unnecessary gimmicks at you.  While not as bad as the 3DS version (seriously, f*** that game), I feel that most of the game's gimmicks, like the Wisps, don't work well.  In fact, you'll have a boss fight in a giant snowball, which doesn't make sense to me.  If Sonic Team ever does back to this style of gameplay, then they really need to get rid of the gimmicks.As a whole, this is actually a good game, and it had a good concept going for it.  Once you get past all the gimmicks in the game, then you will find enjoyment in the game.  Therefore, I recommend this game, though probably on a sale."
,Recommended,329440,20513560,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Shine_Luna,"I bought this game through sheer curiosity due to reviews and the looks of the game, and after nearly getting all of the Time Attacks done and all the Red Rings collected after buying it on the Christmas sale, I can honestly say that this game isn't as bad as everyone says it is. Does it have problems? Of course it does, but those flaws didn't stop me from enjoying the game.Is it the best game? No, not by a long shot. Is it a bad one? Not even close. I can say that this IS at best a good game that I can see myself playing for a few hours every so often. At worst, it's a one time deal and that's that.And for future Sonic games, I wouldn't mind seeing design of controls like this game."
76561198143517109,Recommended,329440,20432062,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Slick as Heck,its not perfect but i had fun
,Recommended,329440,22160721,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,PJCardinal,Surprisingly good game xD
,Not Recommended,329440,22126294,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,CTRL+FU,"Sonic: Lost CauseThe reason I believe in God is because I know platform agnosticism is what killed my favorite game company.We went from NiGHTS into Dreams, Panzer Dragoon Saga, Burning Rangers, Shenmue, and Segagaga to this? smhEverytime you screw up a new Sonic game, I die a little inside.You know, I've loved you SEGA, ever since the 80s... but I think now it's time to just stop developing and stick with publishing. At least you're about 80/20 with that. I dunno, keep crapping out Total War games or something. At least you'll stop giving me reason to hope.*mic drop*"
76561197968425930,Recommended,329440,22228808,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Titan of Toast,"Would only recommend buying on sale. And use a controller you silly goose.Pros:-Graphics and cutscenes are pretty-Music is great (except for the ice world)-Most of the game is enjoyable-Robotnik and Sonic banter has better writing than most TV showsCons:-Super Sonic Galaxy, the knock-off but worse edition-Controls work when they feel like it-Gotta go not fast-Two Donkey Kong minecart levels that are painful because of the controls-BRB jumping into lava because the controls didn't want to work-Very short"
,Not Recommended,329440,19280220,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Otto,"Perfect port.  I find it better than the Wii U version in my opinion because I can use an XBox controller.  There are quite a lot of cheap deaths (I cannot emphasize enough:A LOTof cheap deaths) that will get you frustrated at times, but overall it's pretty fun.  The story is of a modern Sonic Game, so don't expect much (lots of plot holes and whatnot).  One thing I love about the port aspect is that they actually have a menu INSIDE the game unlike some ports that have an external configuration tool (I'm looking at you Sonic Generations).  Speaking of Sonic Generations, the architecture of the game is very similar, so expect some cool mods coming your way.However, talking about the game itself rather than it's architecture, I wouldn't pay full price for this.  Definitely go for a deal on this; the game is awfully short and doesn't have that much replay value."
,Not Recommended,329440,22210238,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,saxor,Boring♥♥♥♥♥platformer.
76561198042205845,Recommended,329440,22088531,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,magus dark sorcerer,It was an alright game. It could have been done a little better so it have more replay valve. First there should been more unlockable for instance the missions from what i heard for completing them all you get nothing. From what i heard from some it was planned that it would unlock super sonic then they decided to have super sonic be for collecting all the red rings. So it would have been better if it unlocked something like art orsomething. Also giving the player the abilty to skip parts of levels just by dying enough or having it as an item.  I mean if you really had too much trouble you could just grind 1-ups in several stages then just go to the level and just die till you got the wing item to clear it. So the game was alright to play if you were bored.
76561198173456151,Recommended,329440,22074353,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,BTWAR27,My little boy loves it... played around 100 hrs and still does!!!!
,Not Recommended,329440,22462305,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Dan,"TL;DR: I would not recommend this game after beating it and getting all achievements. It's a hodgepodge of disparate levels, gameplay, and story elements lazily/hastily/illogically glued together. It will cause more frustration than fun. Skip.I found this game to be more frustrating than fun with fighting the camera and dumb level design/gimmicks being the biggest pain points.You can't control the camera at all. This makes the 3D platforming parts much more painful than it needs to be. It's also incredibly painful on very small spheres worlds where you would want to rotate the camera to see what's coming from the southern direction. Some 2D parts will randomly zoom out so far that I had to lean into my monitor to make critical platforming jumps.Some portions of levels make Sonic move forward without your input - they force you to move (for no good reason). This just sucks. If you are trying to get a red star ring but happen to get too close to the invisible trigger, you're stuck moving onto the next part of the level and can't go back. The desert level with the random sand tornado chasing you for no rhyme or reason is particularly annoying because you can't go faster than the tornado moves. The game prevents you from advancing the side scrolling faster than the tornado even if you're much faster than it. There's no logical reason for this, let me move at my own speed if I'm faster than this dumb♥♥♥♥♥♥- which is, you know, Sonic's thing, moving fast.Tangential to the complaint of not being able to fully control my own character, they add in the stupid ice levels where you're sliding all over the place. I'm already triggered with character control and then they add this garbage of sliding everywhere.The physics momentum doesn't make sense. Sometimes you can jump and move around quick in air, other times you jump and you can't move around very much in air. I've falled down a lot of pits because the lack of consistency in movement speed in jumps.The levels had no continuity between them. One level you're running across the desert being chased by a random sand tornado and the next you're running through a weird beehive before going back to the desert again. There's no logical transitions between levels.I more than once lost the location of Sonic visually from being distracted by the animated background scenery.I also did not care for the Zeti characters. The stereotypes were boring and annoying. It was way too cheesy and unoriginal. Did they really need to talk during non-boss levels? I yelled at them to shut up more than once while being frustrated from the previously mentioned crap. Just because there's a female Zeti, doesn't mean that Sonic would have interest in her. Maybe the characters, story, and dialog were aimed at children rather than adults who grew up with Sonic on the Genesis.The wisps didn't make much sense. They were just kind of thrown in as an afterthought. I never played Sonic Colors (not on PC) so I didn't know how to correctly use all the color powers either until reading online. Things like the asteroid can jump higher as you collect more terrain or the green hover thing can travel along ring lines is never explained in-game. I would rather have had the traditional powerups (lightning, bubble, invicibility, speed, rings, etc) in levels than the wisps.Speaking of the traditional powerups, they're part of a reward system for doing the achievements and then added to your limited inventory. I didn't do them until after I beat the game and had Super Sonic which made all the powerups obsolete. I never once used lightning, bubble, invicibility, speed, or ring powerups. Just another afterthought. Oh wait, I used the ring powerup once during the final boss fight to get the rings needed to turn into Super Sonic for the beat it without taking damage achievement, except for no logical reason it turns out that you can't go Super Sonic on that level. You can't go Super Sonic on any of the 3D levels that force you to move apparently (bee hive level is another example, except during the boss fight). I never used the radar looking thing either, not sure what that was for ¯\_(ツ)_/¯.The inventory system itself was really annoying. Some of the powerups will randomly spawn in the hub world and if you happen to walk over them, you have to pick them up. There's no way to walk away from them. So if you have a full inventory and accidentally walk over one, then you have to discard something - since you can't use powerups in the hub world, not even extra life ones(???).The controls/abilities in general are never explained in-game. I didn't know I could run along walls until I saw it in a video getting a red star ring. Other controls/abilities learned from watching youtube videos - can jump sideways while climing up walls, can slide down walls by holding crouch (there's a crouch button?), can hold spin dash after spin dashing to continue spin dashing indefinitely, you can kick enemies instead of the homing attack (it's the only way to beat certain enemies, thanks for not explaining that), and right trigger makes you run faster and run along walls.There's also some weird question mark thing in the lower left corner of the screen that will randomly pop up. I never figured out what that was. Looks like the chaos emeralds, but it makes no sense.The achievements were dumb - you could only get a maximum of 3 at any time and you had to get them in the order specified by the game. They're all grindy and pointless. Just a dumb tactic to make you play longer imo.I don't understand the story connection between the red star rings and the chaos emeralds.The story was awful. You'd think after 20+ years that Sonic would listen to Tails. And wtf is Knuckles doing? Stop being a little ♥♥♥♥♥ Knuckles and help."
76561198044472875,Not Recommended,329440,22329666,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,TACTIJEW,Super Mario Galaxy at mach 4 and blue eh/10
76561198276428527,Recommended,329440,21912713,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,jay_diamond___,"The game is great, but the physics and controls are really bad and the graphics are pixilated even in the highest resolution."
76561197993790681,Recommended,329440,21915433,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,DUKE NUKEM,"its fun, a real return to form for sonic. it says you should play with a gamepad but i used the keyboard just finesome things are not properly explained though like you need to kick (x) the crabs before you can jump on them."
,Recommended,329440,21929624,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,10_61,"I really liked the first level. Multiple paths in a 3 d space that makes this game fun to explore. Bored of the grass? Run under the level and run on the dirt path. It's really cool, even the sides have different obstacles. When I first started playing this game I played level 1-1 over and over again and found myself running on clouds, or windmills and being lost because there's so much♥♥♥♥♥♥to see and run on in that map.But it pretty much ended there. World 1-2 is a 2-d flat plane like classic sonic games but without high path/low path setup to finish the levels quicker. Then I think 1-3 was a cave level, so you basically ran through a half-pipe. Still no more exploration. And then you have a boss fight.Now these deadly six♥♥♥♥♥♥♥are straight up annoying. Through 1-3 and the boss level you have this dumb ♥♥♥♥ taunting you the whole way and it's annoying because it breaks me out of the fun I'm having and reminds me that I will soon be doing some boss fight that doesn't feature robotnik in any way and it's going to be some dumb gimmick. Fortunately, if you're quick enough you can bury that boss in a couple seconds.Alright, so 2-1 might be a return to the level stylings of 1-1 right? Nope! Wide, flat surface area without any of the cool 3D puzzle box exploration of 1-1. Eventually you run into a cave system and it goes 2D side scrolling all over again but with a host of new mechanics that aren't familiar or introduced yet. And also big damn purple worms. At one point I learned I could wall jump/run up vertical corridors and that was pretty cool until it ended in a long, narrow, horizontal corridor with spikes all over the ground. I figured I might need some item to get through that safely, but maybe I could have wall kicked and jumped all the way to the other side, but it sure didn't look that way. I wanted to go back down, but if I did, purple worms would eat me, so I just ""damage boosted"" my way through the spikes.When I encountered the same thing again, I just got frustrated and quit.It has some pros though. It's an extremely well controlled game. I enjoy that I have to use my triggers to adjust Sonic's speed to the situation on the fly. the right trigger makes him run fast, the left trigger starts spin dash. If you hit the left trigger upon landing from a jump or obstacle, it can quick spin dash and keep the momentum going. You also press X to roll into a ball to kill enemies on the go, or if you jump and hit X you can bounce fast off the ground. You can wall run dynamically and hold edges to get to higher platforms. In fact, the platforming in this Sonic game is probably the best it has ever been.So I'll be going back to it again, I did enjoy this game enough and for the sale price I bought it for it was quite a steal."
,Recommended,329440,21987946,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,bekal8000,6/10 fun sonic gamepros:- colorful world- challenging- easy to understand story if you never play sonic games beforecons:- The controller: you have to push RB to make sonic run fast at first i didnt know this until i press something and make sonic run faster 1st time i play sonic game that have to press something to make sonic run fastif you really want good sonic game then grab sonic generationspls sega more sonic games from wii/wiiu like sonic colors
,Recommended,329440,28889947,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,HyperPolygon64,"Interesting style of game for the Sonic the Hedgehog franchise and has great music, as usual. The worlds are all fun to play and are of course better than the 3DS stages. The community have created some very enjoyable mods to enhance the gaming experience and the game runs fine now with a new graphics card. Recommended."
76561198260903657,Recommended,329440,25023293,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,EmeralEye,"Sonic Lost World is a very entertaining Sonic game, in my opinion, and offers a lot that many don't even stick around to witness. For one, the graphics are amazing. (Max them out if your PC can handle it, you will be impressed) The levels are colorful, vibrant, and are very unique; as this is a port of the Wii-U Version, a lot of... out of place (?) levels will be seen. Such as one full of nothing but candy, giving impressions that Sonic is very HIGH. But unique is what we remember, and what we will love.But graphical beauty is only the beginning! Design was a big step as well (Super Mario Galaxy step, yes, but I think they wanted to bring in Nintendo fans with their contract with them) You can go up-side down, climb up walls, double-jump (Yeah! That's right!) and of course the best of all, the return of the beloved Spin-Dash! Classic styles of gameplay make a return, and it actually works. Except... they did screw one thing up. Sonic has a run button. I know... it's bad, but it does find it's perks if you are using the keyboard instead of a controller. But either control set, this game is fairly easy. The bosses are fun, although unintimidating (Excluding Zavok) and bring good comical value to the game.""The Deadly Six"" they are called, and are controlled by Eggman with the power of a special conch he obtains, until... well, I won't spoil it! But it's basically Sonic and Tails the whole time. You DO see Amy and Knuckles for maybe 3 minutes all-together, but that's all. Kinda' sad no extra characters come. But I highly reccommend this game to Sonic fans or anyone else. It is a great platformer that shouldn't be hated just because it took a different route!"
76561198076028955,Not Recommended,329440,24980605,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Blackgenma,This game is shockingly slow.skip it. don't even grab it on sale.
76561198056580889,Not Recommended,329440,24998478,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,papaphilippou,"Nothing like the ""Sonic Generations"" game. Very poor graphics, bugs in controls, repetitive/exhausting gameplay without any artistry. It has some interesting stages, but that's it. I understand that is a lightweight platformer game but is also very expensive for this little effort that has been put in it. Sonic Generations from 2011 is a masterpiece compared to this."
76561198127401185,Not Recommended,329440,24768377,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Sharknado34,"I would say that there definitely are some things about this game that make it really fun, but some things make it super anoying. for example sometimes you can be on a 3d map and get stuck in a place that you physically cant escape from. the controls are meh or slightly better but some platformers sections just make me want to chuck my controller at the wall. In 3d mario when you fall in the lava at least you don't die instantly, but in this game there is a part of it in which the lava randomly appears on the floor and if you arent carefull it instantly kills you. there are some other parts in which you instantly die too and it is soooooooooooo frustrating. what this game comes down to (in my opinion is if you looooooooooooove Sonic games if you do then this will probably be enjoyable, but for those of us that really hate to die instantly after having to memorize the exact way to get past one section i think i wouldn't reccomend this game. Don't get me wrong there are definitely some really cool parts of this game that should be continued in future sonic games, like the cool level looks and feel on many parts. However some of the really difficult platformers/ whatever in which you constantly die just kill the fun of the game. SEGA IF YOU ARE READING THIS PLEASE PLAY SUPER MARIO GALAXY AND SEE WHAT THEY DID TO MAKE THAT GAME GREAT. (also btw the random villan inserts in which they speak durring the level are kind of wierd)"
76561198141016703,Not Recommended,329440,24927461,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,quinn.doherty,"Sonic Lost world is a very mixed bag, featuring creative level designs...followed by unfair and annying levels. Challenging and fun platorming...followed by dying for being a millisecond too early or too late.The game starts out good but steadily gets more and more frustrating till I couldn't finish it despite being near the end, just because of how agitated I became.I cautiously reccomend this if you can find it on sale otherwise play a different new Sonic game like Colors, Generations or...well I guess that's it."
,Not Recommended,329440,24920668,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Distantgoth,"After many years of being a sonic fan, I have to say this game is so-so.It's controls are poor, along with some of the game mechanics.Ive played through the first 2 worlds and got to say i enjoyed them. When i came on to the 3rd part it starts getting worse. Certain parts the game is pretty slow i've noticed. Sonic is and always has been very fast but when encountering the sand-storm parts the game actually holds you back so you end up hitting the side of the screen and it doesnt allow you to go faster.When fighting a boss, the game sometimes hold you into a certain position when you hit it which automatically gets you ethier killed or you lose coins.overall i think the game needs improvement to meet anywhere near the rest of the sonic games."
,Recommended,329440,20362145,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Prime,"I still haven't completed this game, but I'm really enjoying it so far. It's surprising how good it is, really, considering SEGA's lack of direction with the series. This is the game that feels most like the old school 2D Sonic games... Not in terms of gameplay, but in terms of tone and feel - that nostalgia factor is here. It has wonderful colours and music with a whole heap of classic badniks from the classic 2D games. The story's ""okay"" but I'd just kind of prefer they set it up and just let you get on with it, but after nearly every stage there's a short skippable cutscene to try and justify the previous/next level.In terms of gameplay it's a fairly big departure from even the more recent games - now there's a button for spindash and run, both are mapped to the triggers on a controller. It's a bit weird to begin with, but once it clicks it actually works quite well. Fans of the recent ""super sonic"" speed may be disappointed that there's no ""boost"" button like in generations to make you go blindingly fast, (an element I enjoyed from Generations) but on the plus side there's a lot less falling ""out of bounds"" as a result. The platforming overall seems slightly off from classic games, it's a bit too ""loose"" - I don't know how to describe it well, but I've fell to my death a few times due to a badly aimed jump I thought I could make, only to end up not jumping as far as I had meant to.Like I said though, overall the game's a pleasant surprise for me. I loved Sonic as a kid and this brings me back to that same feeling I had for the series when I was younger. Even moreso than Generations! It feels like it's more for children and fans due to it being a bit lighter-hearted.Pros:Gameplay is fun once you get used to the buttons.Controls really well when you're ""in the zone""Classic sonic feel, visually and audiblySonic Colours powers return!Cons:Story is kind of lacking (but then, most Sonic games lack a good story)a few cheap deaths here and there"
,Recommended,329440,20413803,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Aruz,"This game was ok. I wouldn't call it a bad Sonic game, but it's not a super good one either. Some of the levels were great, and there weren't any I disliked. It only took me 7 hours to 100% the game (all levels + all red rings), and an additional 7 having to replay a lot to finish the challenges/achievements. So it is quite short, I wouldn't say it's worth $30. Plus the story is quite cheesy and the boss fights (aside from the final few) are ridiculously easy. There is a bit more replayability through the missions, though they're only given to you 3 at a time so it is a huge grind. And a warning to those achievement hunters, the 100 achievements are the 100 missions. There are no other achievements. Note that completing these missions (as I have done) also yields no in-game reward.Do note that because Nintendo is pretty hard♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about keeping their stuff exclusive, people shouldn't get their hopes up on the Zelda and Yoshi levels ever coming to the PC version. Speaking of things the PC version doesn't have, we don't have multiplayer either. Honestly not a big deal to me, but that may be a bad thing for some people.The port is ok. It runs well, but graphics options are very minimal. As of now the game is capped at 60fps though it sounds like SEGA's trying to put out a patch to remove the frame cap. Resolution can go as high as you're capable of though. There are no language options (which were present in the Wii U version).I'd still recommend this game to Sonic fans, but again, only on sale. Not enough content to warrant $30. One of the things fan may appreciate is that the game reuses sound effects from previous Sonic games. If you've played many of them, you'll recognize a lot of these. For example, I know the pause sound comes from the Riders games. The invincibility jingle is from Sonic Heroes."
76561198015081451,Recommended,329440,20669595,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Sevn87,"The game people ask for and it still gets bad reviews? It's fun, it's challenging. I know sonic has a lot of crap games but this is a good one thanks sega."
76561198120324354,Recommended,329440,20775855,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Ruinman12,It's not a bad game. Buy it on sale and you can't go wrong.
,Not Recommended,329440,20780773,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Sassy Tanassy,"If there's one thing to make perfectly clear in opening this up, it's that I'm a geinuine lover of the Sonic franchise. The formula of a Sonic game appeals to many parts of me, the Speedrunner, the platformer, the artist.. and just a lover of fun games. So every time a new Sonic game comes along, I'm a very hopeful girl. I try to be optimistic. But what I am not... is a blind fan. I will not defend a Sonic game based on just a few small merits like many would do.Coming into Lost World, I was excited. It seemed odd- and I understand Sonic Team likes to experiment a lot, but the mere idea of this game running on the famous Hedgehog engine was exciting. Each and every game before it.. Unleashed, Colours, Generations.. they all had superb controls, and fast, precise gameplay. Many of their flaws could only be brought down to how the occasional level design worked, or when the game went into autopilot a biiit too much.Sonic lost World... is nothing like this.The controls have been stiffened to a point that they feel more like a Mario title.. but the levels are still built with the flow of a Sonic game, just far more linearly for the most part. This causes immediate awkwardness upon picking up the controller, and the controls of this game don't help one bit.Sonic Team attempted to refresh Sonic's pool of moves a litle bit by adding in new features, whether it  be different kinds of homing attacks and jumps, parkour, or a revamped spindash system.. all of these systems are totally unexplained by the game. And while that was okay in previous games, here, it just end up being an unintuitive mess. Fighting with the controller, getting frustrated.. it's the core component of this game. Overall, it's the main issue this game suffers from.. only once you've figured out and mastered the controls and the stages can you have fun, and that defeats the purpose of the first run through..This game feels very generic overall. From Grassland themes, to desert themes, ice themes.. only occasionally mixed up with food, casinos, Underwater tubes. There's more, but it's forgettable. The story is also very standard, but this time, the character interactions are a little more down to earth, which is actually refreshing and I hope this becomes standard.Now, it's not that the graphical style of this game is bad.. but it also feels like a huge step down from the previous titles.. why? Most likely due to the need to scale down the visuals to achieve 60FPS on console... but while the game feels much more fluid for it, ultimately the visuals lack the appeal of the usual sonic games, and they feel too... mario-esque. Which is to say, that they seem like they should be more dynamic to make up for lack of complexion.. and yet they're not. They're very static and you just move past everythig quickly and forget about what you see..Apart from the visual element though, the level designs are very straightforward. The difficulty spikes are immense, but only when you find yourself dealing with situations where the controls simply refuse to co-operate.This review feels like it's all over the place.. but it says somethin about this game. It's painfully average at best.. It tries to be new and makes you  feel good on the rare occasion, but it's all over the place everywhere else... and is therefore something I would not recommend. Go buy Sonic Generations instead- you won't be disappointed with that one."
76561198254457787,Recommended,329440,20508739,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,theredsonicfan,Sonic lost world is one of my favourite sonic games but there is some thing wrong of sonic lost world it dosen't go 60fpsbut in sted of that the infute parcor is awsome in frosen fatery act 3 you can do the ip how  to do ip  <-/->+jump+run+<-/->= jump  then keep on doing it how to mod sonic lost world I use sonic lost world mod manigerhttps://github.com/Radfordhound/SLW-Mod-Loader/releases/tag/3.5do the first one get winzipwinzip.comand extrackt itto sonic lost world go to your c drive program files steam Steam Apps common sonic lost world then unzip make a newfolder tipe mods in your new folder run the mods maniger but first get a mod put it in  you mods folder but first extrackt it.Q: how do you play sonic lost world 60fps
,Recommended,329440,20534740,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Transperize,"Good Port. I actually perfer this version over the Wii U version because now I can play with an Xbox Controller, rather than that stupid gamepad."
,Recommended,329440,20104662,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Karma (DiamondEevee),"it has weird graphical pop-ins, almost crashed my PC by eating my RAM, and it's killing off my hard drive. It's poorly optimized if all of these issues arise with a newly build PC. with an i5 6400 and a GTX 950 as CPU and GPU respectively...Yet... It has catchy music and not using the gamepad...oh and it runs at 60fps at least 96% of the time so that's good at least..."
,Recommended,329440,20708965,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,BiG BaLLS,Now we just needs Sonic Colors and Sonic Unleashed on steam
,Recommended,329440,20742084,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Monopatin,"Sonic Lost World is a very weird game. It's an odd mix of  the Super Mario Galaxy duology and Sonic Colors, with aesthetics inspired by the classic Sonic games. And though that might seem enticing, proceed with caution. It's full of one-off gimmicks and frustrating level deisgn. Its controls are clunky and lack the flow that previous main Sonic games are known for (Sonic 06 and Sonic 4: Episode I not withstanding).And despite all that, I can't help but keep playing. Sonic Lost World boasts one of my favorite soundtracks in the series, has some really entertaining writing, and for a Sonic game, is actually pretty challenging.I don't know what it is about this game, because it's so polarizing. I recommend that you play it and see for yourself. But as I previously said, PROCEED WITH CAUTION."
,Recommended,329440,20742441,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Balakiel ~Sensual Birdfeed~,"Runs great, didn't get a tutorial when I started which is a little weird because of how technically confusing this could be (and I've played most of the 3D Sonic games, this one just controls a lot differently and has quite a few more functions).After a couple of stages I was able to orient myself and it got infinitely more enjoyable. The writing is a little bit cringey, but the art is really nice and the colours pop. I think a lot of the levels in this game are reminiscent of the 2D Sonic games and kind of how I imagined Sonic would transition into 3D as a kid.It is kind of uncanny that this game came out as a WiiU exclusive following Galaxy but there are definitely worse games you could get inspiration from.Overall it's good, I like the new villains, no framerate drops or major hassles running (though I well overshoot the recommended specs) but it seems to be locked at 1080p without doing some fiddling. The keyboard controls technically work if you don't have anything else but it's clearly made for a gamepad like Generations was.There are demos on the other platforms this is on but I recommend playing at least 3 levels or so before deciding whether you like the feel of it."
,Recommended,329440,20745008,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,KILLINGER,If you born in 80's you will always like sonic !
,Recommended,329440,20734701,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Vionic,"I may have only 0.2 hours on this game on steam but don't be fooled, I have in fact played this game on the Wii U (and 3DS).This game was one of the best Sonic the Hedgehog games I had played, probably because it was one of the more refined games.Had a good and simple plot, fun Super Mario Galaxy-like gameplay (kinda) and a number of fun extra things to do on the side. The only bad part about the port is that the game runs on an odd engine that has to render every single frame and will not skip (I think it's referred to as a frame-dependent engine). This means if your computer can't run the game at silky smooth 60 fps, it will be run at silky smooth 60 fps in slow motion which is a bit undesireable in a Sonic game. Sonic Adventure 2 also ran with this engine. (Fun fact, Sonic Adventure 1 did not). (That was not a very fun fact.)I do know how the rest of the game plays out and would highly reccomend the game to anyone interested in it."
,Recommended,329440,21440640,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Jaq Frost,"I really enjoy Sonic Lost World.It was my first game I got for my Wii U, I have probably close to 100 hours logged on it there. This game has a bunch of weird ideas, but that isn't necessarily bad. Some of these ideas are executed well, some need improvement. This games story isn't exactly amazing, but for a platformer, I think its pretty good, even if it has some silly moments. I love the way Sonic controls in this game, the problems I had in Generations are nonexistent here. Sonic is even more mobile than before, having the ability to run up, along, and hop between walls. Wisps also make a comeback. I don't like their inclusion as much as I did in Colors, but they're much better than they were in the Planet Wisp level of Sonic Generations. This games art style, in my opinion, looks nice. Sure, its simplistic, but it was trying to achieve 60 FPS on Wii U, so don't expect Generations like graphics, even though in my opinion they're pretty close, but its hard to tell with the different art style. Some parts of the level design are frusturating, and will probably make you rage quit. Last world/zone has a huge difficulty spike, and it'll throw some cheap deaths at you any chance it gets. Soundtrack is great, but this is Sonic, so that's expected. I think the modding community for Generations could do some interesting things with this game, but we'll just have to wait and see if anything big scale (like the Unleashed Project) is made. I would grab this on sale personally. 8 hours ish for me to beat on PC, but I know the mechanics, controls, and level design well, so it'll take longer for someone on their first playthrough. $15 is a great price, I think. Hope to see Sonic Colors on Steam next, never expected Lost World to come on Steam.+Sonic is more mobile than ever with his new moves+Soundtrack is great as usual+Many different options in terms of paths with the level design+(Pretty) Well optimized port, with controller supportMeh: Story, but you probably aren't here for that if you're playing a platformer, are you?-Difficulty spike-Controls might have a difficult learning curve for some-Some levels could use parkour much better, instead they have hidden trampolines scattered near areas where you could run up walls, or jump to anotherOverall, I'd give this game somewhere between a 7.5 and an 8 out of 10."
76561198065950216,Recommended,329440,21513756,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Flexive Fowl,"I am a Sonic fan, and even if it isn't the best Sonic game I have played it is still a great game. I suggest you give it a go.7.5/10"
,Recommended,329440,22057618,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,ProtoArix,"This game lags a lot, but after using razer cortex and changing some of the setings it is playable with almost no lag. This is by far my favorite sonic game, but i would enjoy it more if the code that changes the framelock didn't break the games physics(so I would have no lag at all)."
76561198014899960,Not Recommended,329440,25038680,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Hakola,"So a friend recommended this to me. After barely an hour, I can't imagine why.It even starts in the menu where you can't control the menu with the D-pad which is something I'd expect. Options are the bare minimum you'd come to expect for a PC game and volume levels are incredibly clunky to adjust unless you're using a controller -- there are no proper sliders. The volume adjustments don't carry on to the cutscenes either, so while listening to audiobooks, music or anything along those lines you should expect interruptions by LOUD NOISES, often in the shape of horrible dialogue (not that I would ever play this for the story).When the game isn't playing itself and taking away the controls from you, it plays like crap. Some actions feel very mechanical and like you're locked in (wall-running, for example) and any precis platforming is pretty much impossible since Sonic slides around way more than you'd expect.Also, for a game that's about high speeds you're forced to a sudden stop by sudden walls. If you try to keep momentum by jumping over them, you'll lost it and any speedy sections will last for a total of five inches before something stops you.I'm not big into Sonic and if this is among the best the franchise has to offer, I can clearly see why."
,Recommended,329440,25040799,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Syrup36 X,This is a fun game and I highly recomend it! This games runs smoothly and the FPS is higher than Generations (at least on my PC). It is also longer and i like it better than Generations.
76561198044950833,Not Recommended,329440,25806891,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Jumpy,A buggy mess for me that caused certain cannnons to not launch themselves when playing. I was forced to get a 100% save just to skip levels that broke that way. Very frustrating overall as controlling Sonic was very difficult when in fast paced zones. Generations is a far better game.
76561198328092307,Recommended,329440,25887580,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,WTF?!,I love this game ever since I saw I didn't have the money unfortunately my dad helped me and I bought it. Sure the game has MANY flaws but overall it's an enjoyable and playable game. I had to put the frame rate at 30 because 60 lags for me. its a good game but not a bad one ether
,Not Recommended,329440,20741437,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,beta bucks (2000 IQ),worst than 06 tbh
76561198116013741,Recommended,329440,18863950,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Sonicfan9118,Ok Sonic Lost World This is a amazing game the story is ok gameplay is Awesome it's a amazing ride buy this game now!
,Recommended,329440,18881789,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,HunterAurzo,"Let me say something;This game is fun IF you only go for the red rings that you see.Other then that, I found Sonic Lost World to be a comftable experience."
,Recommended,329440,18886794,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,SnowFilledChest,This is my 2nd favourite Sonic The Hedgehog game 1st coming Sonic Adventure 2.
76561198081223497,Recommended,329440,18883858,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Raz,"Its not a bad game, it's a different sort of sonic game and  can be frustrating at times. However it's fun. so  6.5/10"
76561198108722664,Recommended,329440,18892796,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,White,This is a good port from the wii u!!!!
,Not Recommended,329440,18902018,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,HaveYouEverWentFast?,"Im a bit torn with this game. its a GOOD game but it doesn't FEEL like a Sonic game. It plays a lot like Super Mario Galaxy(as other people have stated before) where sonic is able to circumnavigate through the levels. With this new type of gameplay, Sonic is able to find different routes as well as find hidden items/collectibles through out the levels by exploring the spheric worlds.If i had to compare this with another Sonic game, Id say it feels like Sonic 3D Blast, in terms of excitement. You never feel like youre going ""fast"", something that obviously all the sonic games are known for, and when you do finally pick up some speed, youre stopped by either an object, an enemy, or you have to slow down and explore the other side of the world to make sure you didn't skip on a collectible. It takes away from the very thing sonic was built around, Speed.We also see a return of the wisps that were in Sonic Colors but so far i've very rarely use their powers and really theyre only useful in boss fights that require them or levels that require you to use them to advance.I think old school sonic fans may be disappointed with this one since it honestly feels like a huge departure from Sonic games like Sonic Adventure or even a recent game like Sonic Generations.It's still worth a try but, personally, i'm a bit disappointed with this game."
,Recommended,329440,18922025,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,KyuuGryphon,"This is one of those moments where I wish Steam had a Neutral button when it came to recommending games.Here's the deal: Lost World is, in one word (two, technically, but whatever), half-baked.On one hand, the ""core"" of the game is pretty solid; on the other hand, it's in desparate need of refinement.On one hand, there are some quite solid ideas in the game itself (the parkour system, for instance); on the other hand, the execution is pretty flawed at times (the parkour system will activate so long as you're holding the run button, which can cause you to run up walls when you don't want to, and triggering a wall-run is an imprecise science at best).On one hand, the game can be a great deal of fun; on the other hand, some of the later levels are borderline infuriating.Would I recommend Lost World? I honestly don't know how to answer that. If the price dropped a bit, then I'd say sure, go for it. It's a competent game. Maybe not the best PC port ever, but it's not awful either.For now, though, I'd say wait until either A) the price drops, or B) modding the game has really taken off, making some of the more annoying stuff... well, less annoying. (shout-out to sonic retro)"
,Recommended,329440,18862745,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,BlueBlurRunner,"This is way better than everyone that whines away about it says. Yes, it's not exactly a perfect game. It has some issues with control, especially in the air. Defeating some enemies stops you in your tracks but not every Sonic game has to keep you moving 24/7. Do people complain about Sonic 1 because of Marble Zone and Labyrinth Zone slowing you down at bits? No, they don't. As of right now I have not completed the game but I can't see the remaining couple of levels being drastically different to what I've already played.I've seen a lot of people saying SEGA should ""let Sonic die"" and that all the new games are terrible. I think people just have to accept that Sonic games are different now, for better or worse and they should try and find fun in what we've been given. Besides, even if SEGA did let Sonic die, all these ""devoted"" fans would just whine about them actually throwing in the towel.I'm happy to see Sonic still running even if he's had a few stumbles. Ok, maybe a lot of stumbles. BIG stumbles, but that's besides the point. I'll be happy with anything SEGA gives us unless it's a Chris Thorndike spinoff. That must never happen. Never!"
,Recommended,329440,18859231,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,"""That Man""","Playing this game is a hybrid to me. I don't know if I should love it or hate it. Any Sonic fans might have mixed feelings with the overall gameplay experience.As for the port itself. I am using:Pentium Dual Core E5300 2.6 GHZ8Gigs of DDR2 RamNvidia GeForce GT 730The port is really good, I have had no problems with the performance  issues at all. It's been a mixed experience with the gameplay, but its fun to pass the time."
,Recommended,329440,18859236,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,TuroX,"Probably the most innovative Sonic game in the last 7 years.I will be blunt, it's not the best Sonic game ever, but that's ok. I am enjoying this game as it feels like it's the first time in a while I can play a sonic game without the game holding my hand. It tries a lot of new things and doesn't feel like it's trying to play it safe, playing it safe would just be Sonic Generations 2.The new game mechanics are a bit weird at first, pressing a button to change Sonic's speed feels almost wrong at first but it does help in the more finicky platforming sections. It's a bit similar to Rayman Origins in this respect. The jumping is a bit stiff a times which can make for some annoying moments. I enjoy the game play primarily as its encouraging me to play around with the mechanics, remember in Sonic Adventure 1 where you could use the spin dash to jump huge gaps and almost break the game? You can sort of do that here, not break the game, but you can use the parkour and other moves to get to weird places or make crazy leaps. I like it, it feels like a platformer with a nice degree of freedom rather than a linear driving hedgehog…looking at you unleashed.Level design for the most part is fun, the tube like levels make for some interesting multiple paths and fun places to explore. It reminds me of old Sonic games where you are rewarded for taking the less obvious path or for going out of your way to reach the tougher areas. I've found myself replaying a lot of levels to see where else I can go, it can be overwhelming at times when you start a level and can instantly see 4 different paths you get to. It's not the fastest sonic game in recent years, but I don't mind this. The boost may be gone, but we have the spin dash back to compensate. A criticism of the level design is how between the first and second zone of each level are usually gimmicky levels, some are ok but others can be boring or just frustrating. I disliked the one where you just run down a tree through honey combs and have no control other than moving left or right...or jumping. It reminds me of the mach speed sections of 06....which isn't a good thing.Story is a bit meh, just your typical Saturday morning cartoon of yesteryear. Although to be honest, if you're coming to a sonic game for its story then you probably need to revaluate yourself as a person....just saying.I wouldn't say this is the best Sonic game ever but neither is it the worst. It just feels like the developers are trying some new ideas and that's fine. In this day and age most game developers seem too scared to ever try anything new. Do we really want Sonic to turn into another CoD or Assassin's creed? (Not implying that Sonic is as popular as those games but I am sure you get my point) With the same game being rehashed every year with different levels? At least the developers actually change the formula every now and then, it's not the best but it's ok.If you fancy a platformer with some fun ideas then get this."
76561198220197852,Recommended,329440,18852999,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,sunnidae23,This is essentially the wii u version but without the stupid wii u gamepad. If you thought the game would be better without the wii u gamepad than this game is for you. It is decent for the most part and is functional but lacks many options in terms of settings
,Recommended,329440,18856694,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Reeceasaurus,"Sonic lost world is a wii u port so when going into this game do not think you are going to get the best looking game but its still very bright and colourful.The cut scenes can ofter look blurred and pixelated but they still are a lot of fun, ive read a few reviews knocking the diolog and its true it mainly consists of one liners that are suited more towards children but they are fun non the less.The gameplay is diffrent to any other sonic game, it can be very slow paced if you do not utilise the spin dash.RT (if you are using a controller like recommended) is your dash and you should never let go of this while playing, it can be used to run up walls and trees to get higher in the levels.If i had to complain about this game it would be it throws you straight in, no commands telling you how to control sonic which normally wouldnt be so bad if they didnt add new features like wallrunning, holding RT to run and the kick attack.All in all im having a lot of fun with this game, it fuuny and fast enough to be a sonic game when you learn how to use the controls."
,Recommended,329440,18891475,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Hikari Saito,Combination of Sonic and Mario Galaxy
,Recommended,329440,31001264,Posted: 7 April,all,Necrobern,"This is a mixed bag of good and bad decissions. Is not the fastest Sonic game as focuses more on platforming as well adding a button to run, but offers interesting mechanics and challenges on each of its stages. I am not a fan of the stages' looks but won't deny fits well with Sonic, specially for fans very nostalgic before they went too anime with plot and stages. I also love having a NiGHTS stage as fan of the franchise, which isn't that much of a challenge of a level but still thankful Sega hasn't forgot about the games.While the game is quite easy overall (Specially bosses), some stages will go to a high difficulty spike due brings a new unlearned mechanic out of nowhere. The lowest point will be the Frozen Factory stages with skating sections restricting Sonic's controls, the obligatory casino becoming either the shortest level or the most annoying due its pinball sections, and the infamous snowball level throwing everything out of the window. The latter will be where the function to skip to the next checkpoint will be used, as well most people will trash the entire game for.Lost World is in the middle ground when comes to Sonic games. It tries something new and it works in most levels, but in others tries too hard to bring a new gimmick to the level. Some sections can become rough due this unique control layout to other games, and the bosses/vilains excluding Eggman are cliche and unremarkable. If you can bear its huge shortcomings is still a game worth trying, but not recommended for those catching interest in the franchise."
76561198069442092,Recommended,329440,30982382,Posted: 6 April,all,Englishhedgehog13,"This game has flaws. Quite a lot of flaws. The controls take a while to get used to and there are a fair share of gimmicks, a lot of which are awful. However once you've adjusted to the control scheme, you can have a great time with this game."
76561197997840319,Not Recommended,329440,28451148,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,shadow125,"Minor spoilers included, they will be prefacedOver all a diaspointment, coming off of the exceedingly well recived Sonic Generations, Sonic Team decided to ignore the cheers of fans screaming they finaly had sonic right again. Instead they gutted almost all of sonics mechanics in place of some poorly implemented Mario Galaxy clone. This game speed is your enemy. Thats right, the main defining aspect of Sonic is now to your detriment. most areas its much better to walk and carefully guage your moves.  Why? well the hex worlds have wonky and inconsistant gravety, sonic floats around with slightly better then ice physics (the ice lvl is actualy somewhat easy due to this) Homeing attack lock ons are unpredictable and now there are TWO kinds of homing attacks, the normal and a kick and you have to figure out what kind you have to use on what. As far as i can tell there are no overt indicators. Wisps are back in force for better or worse with no explination as to how they got there. also wisps control terribly too aside from the rythem and some what drill ones.Some good points? I love that *spoiler* Robotnik (sorry im an american who grew up in the early 90's thats his name to me)  ISN""T the major bad of the game, he is for the first half then the new group kicks him aside. These guys are actualy a delight and very funny. I do like the LOOK of the new worlds, very pretty and colorfull, and a nice return to badnik robots from the bland eggpods that have infested the series. Music is soild as can usealy be expected form a sonic title though thus far no real stand out tracks. The chalanges to get items you can use at any point in any lvl are also very appreciated.Honestly rather then trying to chase on the coat tails of Mario Galaxy, Sonic Team should have focused on improving what they already got so right in generations. Refine the formula, give a few slight new mechanics to keep it fresh, and give us a longer more substansial game (love Generations but it was painfully short). It was Sonic Teams chance to regroup and rebuild the franchise. Hopefully they remember this with the next anivercery game coming out which looks to be a generations 2."
76561198034269013,Recommended,329440,28460374,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,edumacacion,runs great on intel graphics 5500. looks beautiful. runs incredibly fast. desert ruins act 2 is amazing. when they mean play with a controller they mean it. color powers where you have to dig are so difficult to control it seems game-breaking. Best mobile game experience that currently exists.I apologize I used special settings on my computer to get it to run faster. Sonic lost world runs at 50 fps on the first level at its lowest with the lowest resolution 1024 by 768 on my computer. Other levels get far better fps. however you are going to want to set the minimum and maximum processor speed in battery options to 99 percent or 100 percent for sonic lost world if you are using integrated graphics. although sonic  lost world says that an x4 amd processor is recommended. I noticed very minor difference when running sonic lost world on only 1 of the cores using task manager. running on a single core the first level runs at 45 fps minimum and 5 fps less overall. the cpu usage also drops down from 34 percent to 20 percent but thats just a consequence of turbo boost. Sonic lost world when running on either all or just one of the cores shows low cpu usage and memory usage in task manager on my computer.
76561198297172818,Recommended,329440,28443487,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,ajperella,"I've enjoyed what I played so far, but the butterflies in Tropical Coast act 1 keep flying away. Please fix!"
,Recommended,329440,18861003,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,nielson2001,"I have never played the wii u version so i was excited when I heard this game was getting a pc port. I bought it i think two weeks before launch (so I played a lot of all stars racing transformed). but anyway the game. sadly on my pc it plays in some sorth of slow-motion. i tried the time atack mode and i clocked it one second in game is about two or three seconds in real life. that does kind of suck. i deleted the game and installing it again. at this point I have played the first three zones of the game and i think (even with slow-motion) that it's very good. the parkour works (for the most part) but things like the wisps control very well and the spin dash is awesome. i have seen a lot of people saying that the spin-dash is really short but the trick is after you have charched up the spin-dash just holt the spin-dash button and you get an infinite spin-dash. further i think that the character interactions are very good, the music is awsome and even though it doesn't run great the game still looks pretty damn good.i probebly write a second review when the game runs normal and i have beaten it but for now i think (if your pc can run it) you should try it. if you have played sonic adventure 1 or 2 well it controls quite a bit like that besides the run button."
,Recommended,329440,33212943,Posted: 3 July,all,Sonic The Communist,"This game actually ended up being better than expected for me. I went into it thinking it would be a pretty average game, but on sale it was worth it, and now I would've bought it at full price too. Don't expect this to be similar to a game like Generations - this game revolves a lot more around precise platforming and less automation. Even as a big fan of Generations, it was a nice change of pace in that way, with three different speeds each with their own purpose rather than just aim for the boost at all times. Biggest downside for me personally was that bosses could be underwhelming at times. But overall, pretty impressed by this game."
76561198053414070,Recommended,329440,33274092,Posted: 5 July,all,lukelaughdawkins,"Even though this game was originally meant to be a Wii U exclusive SEGA still managed to port it to PC.For anyone that plays a lot of sonic games, Sonic Lost World is somewhat contraversial. The game does not have a typical sort of sonic gameplay, like the boost trilogy games made before it. The new parkour system in the game is the most interesting sending nods to the Prince of Persia games, with moving across walls in a vertical and horizontal motion. The wisp power ups seem totally useless and only important when trying to collect all the red ring collectables. The levels vary, going from one style and location to the next, similar to 3D Mario games. This game would be recommended to anyone that thinks that sonic games are too similar and wants a different experience in a modern sonic game."
,Recommended,329440,33238938,Posted: 4 July,all,rockhedgie2207,"One of the more underrated titles for the sonic franchise, although there are some things i do not like about the game it does not make it a bad game. BUT DO NOT buy this game for 30$ please wait until there is a price drop I got this game on sale but dont waste your 30$."
,Recommended,329440,33965711,Posted: 2 August,all,papyrus,cool
,Recommended,329440,21055423,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Plister Mats,"While Sonic Lost World isn't as creative or fleshed out as the last two games (Sonic Colors and Sonic Generations) nor is it a great port, it's still an enjoyable platformer with a beautiful art style, some of the best OST in the series, and some decent mechanics. But the story is weak and poorly written, the level design isn't great, and the color powers have almost no purpose of being in the game.Story: 5Visuals: 9Audio: 8.5Gameplay: 7.5Lasting Appeal: 7Overall:7.5Very Good"
,Recommended,329440,34586502,Posted: 29 August,all,Skularr,"Haven't beaten it yet but I'm having a bit of fun. Not as much fun as Colors or Generations, but there's some fun in it. I don't consider it as bad as some people but it is a definite dip in game quality after Generations. You might find enjoyment in it, you might not. Definitely depends on personal preference."
,Not Recommended,329440,18841871,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,a stale goldfish cracker,"hhoh my GOD ohh (macaroni noises) Oh my GOd OHH Oh sonic lost world hOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥OHH oh my god OH my God OOOHHHHHH MY GOOOODDDDD YEESSSSS YESSSSSSSS WOOOOOOOOO OH MY GOD WE ARE PLAYING THIS BABY YEA YEA WOOOOOOOOOOOO WE ARE (IN THIS?) SONIC SONIC SONIC WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH SONIC LOST WORLD ♥♥♥♥♥ SONIC LOST WORLD YEAAAA BIIITCH WOOOOO OH MY GO OH OOOOHHHHHHHHHH OHHHHHHHHHH OHHHH MY GOD OH MY GOOOODDD WOOOOOOOOOO WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOedit: i have been informed that people were not satisfied with my original review, so here's my full thoughts on this game:it's okay"
76561198044770180,Not Recommended,329440,31388254,Posted: 26 April,all,"I'm Mr Meeseeks, Look at Me!","Sonic Lost World is the definition of a mixed bag. There are some truly great ideas in this game, but there are just as many awful ones, and almost none of these ideas are executed to their full potential. The game feels like a middle-school rehearsal: sure, some of these kids have talent, but can you even hear it over the cacophony? There is simply no focus in Sonic Lost World. One level will take place on a large cylinder with plenty of room to run fast, the next will be all 2D and focus on slow platforming, and the next might be a one-off gimmick that will never be seen again. The rail-grinding mechanic, for example, is introduced for one level and then abandoned for several worlds before being suddenly brought back with an expectation that the player has now mastered the mechanic and can navigate a difficult obstacle course full of instakill hazards using it.The game attempts to mirror the impressive variety of Mario Galaxy, but fails to realize that variety is worthless if there is no solid foundation from which to build new ideas off of. Sonic Lost World is so scattered that it’s difficult to even determine what the core gameplay even is, and all this variety comes off as a futile attempt to try and hide this fact. The game is so inconsistent that even the speed at which Sonic moves varies depending on the direction he is moving in, or if the game is in the 2D or 3D perspective. Speaking of control, it feels incredibly unnatural. There is no momentum or weight to Sonic: you just push a button and off he goes. Even in Mario games you had to run for a couple seconds before reaching top speed, but not here. It's incredibly awkward, and it sucks out most of the fun that could have been had with the few well-designed levels in this game.The level design overall leaves something to be desired. Most sections of this game are designed in ways that don’t compliment the control scheme, forcing you to fight the game in order to progress. Many levels in this game are extremely cheap, with unfair deaths caused by poorly-placed hazards and awkward jumps. Many other sections, meanwhile, feel too empty, with a scattered mess of collectibles and obstacles that try and disguise how little substance these levels have. Many other levels rely on a gimmick, like rolling a snowball or free-falling, and these are the worst of all, due to their poor control and bland design. The overall layout of these levels and how the player interacts with it was very poorly thought out, and clearly needed more playtesting. Also, if you value your sanity, never try to get a red star ring. It’s not worth it.The story is hardly worth talking about. Story in Sonic games is rarely good, but even by Sonic standards this story is putrid. Every character except Eggman is unlikable and the plot introduces and abandons seemingly random elements at will, with no coherency whatsoever. The game gives us a new setting and new characters, but never explains what these things are or where they came from or why they exist: we are simply supposed to go along with it. Speaking of the new characters, the Deadly Six are some of the worst even written for this series. All of them are insulting one-dimensional stereotypes with no depth at all. They were clearly nothing more than a marketing gimmick, with only the bare minimum amount of effort put into their actual personality. The worst part is that they talk to you in several of the game’s levels, meaning that even skipping the cutscenes won’t free you from having to endure their awfully written dialogue.The presentation, while good overall, is severely lacking compared to most other Sonic games. The game looks nice, but compared to the stunning beauty of Unleashed and Generations, it fails to impress. The art design is also extremely bland, calling to mind the same lack of detail and strict adherence to tropes found in the New Super Mario Bros games. Most other Sonic games, good or bad, at least had some unique and creative environments, but this one feels like it wasn’t even trying. Despite the lack of creativity, the game does look good overall, with smooth animations, clean models and bright colors. The music, thankfully, is great as always. There are some tracks that do just feel like B-List Mario music, but for every uninspired track there is a fantastic one. It’s still one of the weaker soundtracks in the series, but a weak soundtrack by Sonic standards is still superb by any other. The amount of technical polish, like other recent Sonic Team games, is also on-point. I encountered no glitches, visual or mechanical, and the game ran at a smooth 60 FPS for the entire experience. It’s encouraging to see that, along with Unleashed, Colors and Generations, Sonic Team seems to have finally mastered the art of technical polish that eluded them for so long in the past.Sonic Lost World is a classic case of too many cooks spoiling the broth. There is no one element in Sonic Lost World that is irredeemably awful or offensive, but the fact that all these different elements are shoved into one product with no thought given to how they would work together ruins almost any fun that could be had with the experience. Playing Sonic Lost World was not torturous, but it wasn’t pleasant either, and the overall experience leaves me with the same emptiness and indifference that games like New Super Mario Bros did, except that game at least had good controls and level design. If the game had narrowed its laundry list of ideas down to the few that worked best and focused on polishing them to perfection, it might have been a great game. Instead, it wallows in mediocrity, existing as living proof that if you try to please everyone, you end up pleasing no one.Score: 5/10"
,Recommended,329440,35269557,Posted: 28 September,all,Solar,gud game 10/10
76561198146739705,Recommended,329440,35436862,Posted: 2 October,all,Gamerocker,Its a pretty decent and solid game i like the parkour and ceiling climbing and walljumping everywhere but tip at the final bos of sky road for the final blow wait before doing a homing attack and it will charge oh and also i dont know where all the negativity comes from i think sonic lost world is good
