user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,329430,32190291,Posted: 4 June,all,Tag,"Many of the negative reviews of this game reference Undead Labs decision to charge owners of the original State of Decay for what really amounts to a graphical upgrade and minor gameplay tweaks.If you can get past this admittedly distasteful choice, you'll find that State of Decay is an excellent game.- GTA-like gameplay- Per-character RPG-like progression with weapon and combat specializations- Base management with population control, food/water/construction supply needs, and a minor reputation system withneighboring survivor settlements.- Endless mode with scaling difficulty- Two campaigns on different maps"
,Not Recommended,329430,16587948,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Charly,"If you are new to ""State of Decay"" then buy it.If you want mods then DON'T BUY IT, cause only the first release-version will work with mods!If you already have the first release, this is just a bug-fix... a patch which they let you pay for it.--> If you are a real fan of this game and want a graphics engine that works smoother and gives you much less motion sicknes... than the old release... then buy it!--> I had the first release, and yes this is a bug fixed better version... better and smoother playable on PC, and the light is finally what it should have been from the start.Is it greed to let people pay for a bug-fix.... YES IT IS.Great Game, but greedy developer.Addendum: November-2015Well it seem all the negative reviews made the dev work on their product, finally there is many bug-fixes (as the second release had still so many bugs from the original), and improvements, maybe telling the devs ""NO WAY!"" does work, and has some impact... fine :) Is there hope?!"
,Not Recommended,329430,15594263,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Kenuty,"Remastered? More like Slap in your face pay for a major patch that should have been what we call PC GAME VERSION of the game.If you don't have this game, you will surely enjoy it this game is amazing. HOWEVER, for those veterans who do own it along with every other dlc before...I am not easily impressed, and this so-called version carries minor updates that should have been.THE PC VERSION of the game IN THE FIRST PLACE. Do you really want to support ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ports of games and then having it rerelease on you with some major updates and fixes as ""Remasters""? Do you want more game devs doing this more in the future? Are you going to give in?Sorry No! I will not, and I'll stand against it as I will not be adding anymore hours to this game, and that is how  I'll show my defiance. You can have My 20 dollars smeared with crap for free. For you have no strings on me.(When the update goes for the reasonable price I'll play this with the rest of you but until then I suggest holding for it, Won't change my review or what transpired however.)http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=433745414Video Reviewhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oAjy3Wmxp9sPros+ Looks better than the original, supporting 1080p, Lighting and texture looks better, and it runs better at 60 fps.+ New animations and rework, but you wouldn't notice them much+ New missions added in order to entice you to play again+ All dlcs in one pack read to go!+ The game itself has fantastic game play, mechanics, etc. we know this because we've played it. We know this game is great, a year ago or so.Cons- Doesn't feel like a remaster as they claim, a remaster is a perfection of their game and does more than just blow the game 1080p and adding some side missions, bells and whistles here and there.- My titan X is sitting here cold at 1080p because it doesn't support 4k? WTF! The textures are also horrible!.- Some of the bugs in the original carried over insanely laughable, I caught them while starting the game and added it to my video. Zombie glitching around is some examples.- Remastering applies to certain things such as music, some voices, etc.- No multiplayer can ever be implemented in this game (Saw that video)- Charging players for this Update of the game and cutting away the original support ( The main game is gone from the store you can only get the dlcs for the original, but it will be no longer supported in any way or form you have to upgrade to this version for that) You can, however, purchase the original from HUMBLE BUNDLE and add key to steam.- Promises that was told and unkept. They never came to be.- Calling it and emphasizing remaster to insult those that own and know what remasters are in their collections. (Homeworld, Tombraider anniversary collections, etc.)- Veteran players who own the game, do the math on how much you are paying for this game along with having the original+dlc already (This was posted on the forums, 50+$)Game is targeted for new audience.That's all I'll have to say. At least unlike the other reviewers with thumbs up and positive.  I am honest because I have cash to waste on being honest about the game than sucking one for a review copy or  just defending my purchase like a fanboy and sheeps who have absolutely almost no class in what pc gaming quality is about.I am sincerely disappointed and I rarely am since I love video games, and I truly love playing games to review them for fun, however, I do have morals and ethics. I do have hours and hours in the original (Xbox Version), and I love the game but sorry I will not be supporting these types of re-release as legitimate remasters as I have many that do so in the category.By all means if you are a huge fan, love the game or never played it, then enjoy the product and do what you have to do and go ahead and play the game. Don't let my review stop you from what you are doing because it is my opinion, which is more important to me as yours is to you.I'll 100% support you guys again on your next game if you bring us a quality game, especially for the pc versions. Sorry dev do not take this personally, but I will be skipping on this art piece."
,Not Recommended,329430,15764782,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Daassie,"30+ hours inInitially, I liked Year One, but I cannot recommend it now that I've seen the bugs and how little content there was.tl;dr - almost every old bug still exists in the game. I paid good money to improve the game experience and all I got was this reskin (and some NEW bugs!).The base gameI enjoyed the base game with the upgraded visuals. There were also some mechanical tweaks (mainly the vehicles now handle according to Earth gravity) and lovely additions to the soundtrack; it wasn't a new experience, but an improved one. The Freaks got balanced, you didn't get as overwhelmed with tasks, the CLEO drops and reskins brought a little spice into things - it was quite nice revisiting the game I love, warts and all.The new content ran out a bit too quickly, however, and the endgame was boring with the last stretch of missions and looting a little flat as usual, but I felt it was okay value for 24 hours of gameplay. After all, I was getting 2 refreshed DLCs too,right?Dealbreaker DLCBut then there's Lifeline. My first three playthroughs had major game-breaking bugs, and the whole 'refreshed' DLC is riddled withold bugs that have been reported to UD Labs time and again.NOTHINGhas been fixed, and there is very little additional content for Lifeline - the reskins are lame and there are no new weapons (the CLEO ones suck compared to army stuff).I felt utterly cheated, still do after 8+ hours of gameplay.When Fighting 7/Bladed 7 Kung-Fu Vince falls through a bridge after exiting your vehicle and gets killed by a solo Feral under said bridge, you know your game is ♥♥♥♥ed. Never mind the CLEO missions that don't spawn, zombies that spawn inside the ground, disappearing items, worthless AI, Journal glitching out, wrong voice clips playing for your player character etc.This really put the base game into perspective for me, too. In the end, the improvements were marginal at best and left a lot to be desired.The bottom lineThis remake is way overpriced for what it is - reskins and some extra tunes. The mechanical tuning should have been done for the original, it was borderline bugfixing! I paid good money thinking I would get actual content and bugfixes/polish too, butNOPE. I still love the base game for what it is (it's complicated with Lifeline...), but if you're an old player, don't buy this for the full price, about 70% off would be fair.If you still want to play the same old game and can stand the bugs, that is.New players? Buyer beware. The base game is still one of the better zombie survival games and has unique mechanics that are quite enjoyable, but the devs don't seem to be interested in fixing and expanding the game - and that is a bad, bad sign."
76561197961909777,Not Recommended,329430,29083216,Posted: 7 January,all,The Major,"I have extremely mixed feelings about this game. I put a good amount of time in the ""original"" version and then went on to get this one while I had major discounts on YOSE. Yeah, you read that right - majordiscounts. Here is why I'm conflicted, but ended up not recommending it.The original state of decay (no longer being sold as of YOSE release) was a game that was quite unique. A third person survival game with base defence, the need to gather resources which are actively used each ""day"", perma-death, social problems (such as people becoming suicidal or overly problematic anger problems), cars, and rpg elements such as the ability to specialize in certain weapons such as: blunt, edged, pistols, shotguns, etc. I honestly cannot find another game like it, though I wish I could. (This is NOT like Dead State). All in all, quite the good game!However, with all good things there are bad. In this case, it's the company itself. When they released YOSE, I supported them due to their explainations. They (undead labs) partnered up with Microsoft and, instead of releasing patches to fix and add things, they decided to re-release the game which was a year old. People who owned the originalhad to purchase the new version. This sparked a lot of controversy, but I was willing to overlook the issues and even defended them on massive thread wars. But, the more I played it, the more I realized what was wrong.They claimed to have fixed the bugs. They claimed that they would support this version. They claimed a lot, but delivered very, very little. The only difference between YOSE and the original is a combat knife (if you are unarmed) which is useless, a few new weapons, all the car models do not look the same and that's.... pretty much it. Those bugs they squished? Nope. Still there - pretty much all of them. This includes such wonderful bugs as: getting stuck on curbs, having cars randomly twist spin into the air and land on their roofs causing them to explode, fps spike jitters (fps drops down really, really low), characters not responding to commands and continuing to do their last command such as run forward instead of turning around (not fun when you threw an explosive and your character auto runs into it while you're holding the back button), and more. They. Were. Not. Fixed. They even said that they fixed the keyboard and mouse controls - my friend got motion sick from the speed differences as it moves choppy one second and smooth the next.Speaking of keyboard controls, if you use a mouse and keyboard one of the ""specializations"" is completely, utterly and totallyuseless!!!!!!! If you put points into Rifles (as in hunting rifles) and you use a mouse and keyboard, you have wasted your specialization and you cannot unspec. What the specialization does is that it increases the ""snap headshot"" area and range. It has no effect on damage, recoil, range or anything else. It doesn't tell you what the ""snap"" is, so I looked it up and found out that itliterallyonly works if you use a controller. The reason for this is because it is literally aim assist that auto-snaps to zeds heads. It does not work with M&K, nor are there any other perks for using it.To make matters worse, this version was hardly supported as well. Instead, they decided to work on their next money maker - State of Decay 2, which I will most likely only purchase on an extreme sale, if at all. Even their leadboards, which sparked controversy as well in a different way, were (I don't actually know if they are still) messed up. Example: My score got reset 3 times when I was going to get into first place. I was on level 13 breakdown (the endless mode, before it was ""updated"") and it claimed I had killed literally 0 zombies. Zero's acrossed the board, while on the lifeline dlc ""Undead Chris"" had saved over 10,000 civilians with the next person down (in 2nd place) being approximately 30.To close this somewhat confusing review, I guess I would summerize it as this. Is it a fun game? Yeah, I'm still putting time into it on and off as I already own it. Would I say that it was well made? The concept of the game and even it's playability (if you ignore the bugs) is quite good and enjoyable for someone like me. However, would I recommend the game to people? No, not unless it's on a mega-sale such as the Christmas or Summer sales. Do NOT purchase this game at full price if you intend to get it, and keep in mind that it will not get any more support.Oh, that leaderboard controversy I mentioned? The store page for State of Decay (the original version) stated something along the lines of ""Play with your friends!"" so people purchased the game thinking there was co-op. There is not, there never was intention and it was mistaken. This was before you could apply for refunds on steam, and people didn't want it if there was no co-op as it stated there was. Turns out, according to one of their people, that it meant with the LEADERBOARDS, NOT other players. So you could play AGAINST THEIR SCORE, but NOT with them. That was the controversy."
,Not Recommended,329430,15598063,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Orge Lambart,"I'll start by saying I loved the original State of Decay and the two DLC's, I loved them to death so much I bought them twice.  Once for the Xbox 360 and once for the PC.  Now I can say I purchased them a third time, because this one is esstentially the same as the original and the DLC.When I started to hear news of a newer updated version of the game my heart skipped a beat.  Maybe we'd finally get a version of the game that wasn't handicapped by the outdated consoles they were created for.   Did I get that.. well the answer is a yes, and a no.  While the game looks far better than the previous version, it just isn't worth recommending for a full price purchase if you already own the original game.If you don't own the original already, this is a good deal, you get the base game and all the DLC and the patches and bug fixes which were never brought to the original game.  Excuses are just that excuses, saying the patches and bugs weren't possible to fix because the game was restricted by the console release... WHY?  This isn't a console, it's the PC.  Those excuses don't work on this format..Bottom line remains, if you own State of Decay.. save your money, if you don't own the game, the YOSE is the way to go.  Great value for your money, but this HD upgrade was totally  unnecessary and the bugs/glitches should have been fixed in the previous version."
,Recommended,329430,16455986,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,J McCoy,"Make a noteFirst of all, if you already own the original game and every available DLC then don't bother buying this unless you are looking for slightly better graphics, a few new weapons and vehicle skins and bug fixes (and new bugs). The game is still pretty much the same experience.And here we goIf you arenewto this game and interested, then I'd most likely recommend buying it. Don't mind the negative reviews on this edition of the game. Instead read the ones on the original one (which is no longer available for purchase at the moment) since they tell more about the experience than these on YOSE. Why? Because most of these tell about how this edition was released only to make money out of small updates and about the bugs that make the game worse. The worst thing is that the original game is not receiving any of the new content and updates that are included in this edition. I can understand the pain and I agree that it's a horrible move, but I'd like to direct this short review specifically towards everyone who has no experience with the original game.I'll let you know about the game's basics and the good and the bad in short.State of DecayThe base gameSurvival in zombie apocalypse3rd person viewMelee weapons and gunsCarsCollecting loot (from food and medicine to weapons and building materials)Base managementExpanding your communityHelping your neighbors with problemsDoing missions that eventually lead to the end of the gameYOSE Day One Edition2x DLCs: Breakdown and LifelineImproved graphicsAn exclusive characterTwo new gunsA new car and already existing vehicles with custom skinsNew missions (looting supply crates)The Good and The BadPros+Looting and managing inventory is easy+Combat is alright+Base management is simple and clear+Vehicles are easy to control (most of the time)+Moving alone can actually be really dangerous (it's good to have someone with you)+Graphics are nice...Cons-...but they can get a bit ugly (for ex. in the woods)-Fighting with melee weapons gets repetitive-Missions also get repetitive-Simplicity is a minor impact-Voice acting is propably the most repetitive thing in the game and needs a bigger variety(same sentences are repeated alot)-Vehicles feel a bit too fragile sometimes-The game is still screaming for co-op-Minor bugs that are close to breaking missions-Performance needs tweaking (fps drops)NutshellGameplay: 7.5/10Graphics: 8/10Sounds: 7.5/10 (Including voice acting)Performance: 7/10Story: 6/10ConclusionYes, State of Decay: YOSE Day One Edition was propably made only with money in mind and so it should propably be avoided by veterans unless you need this new content and bug fixes + the upcoming fixes for the new and old bugs. In the other hand, this is something that fans of survival games should look into. You can spend alot of time while playing this game. Even I spent over 12 hours on the base game and tried out one of the DLCs (Lifeline) that I have not played before (I did play the original game and the Breakdown DLC back in the day). The other DLC (Breakdown) will leave you with even more hours on your counter. All in all I had alot of fun playing this game. There were quite a few intense moments that are something I've never encountered in other survival games. I played this with a controller and I recommend you doing the same if you happen to have one.Newcomers8/10Veterans5-6/10""The polished yet dirty version/edition of a fun game""Please let me know if I missed anything. You are also free to give me your own opinions! :)Thank you"
,Not Recommended,329430,18417906,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Dr4v3n,- Same game;- Allmost the same bugs;- Slight better graphics;- Much worse performance.No reason at all to buy this.
76561198017956232,Not Recommended,329430,19279719,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Gozer The Destructor,After about 5min of playing I realized I had been ripped off. Better graphics?  What a joke. This is a mad dash for quick cash. The rotten SOBs made promises they didnt keep then charged us for what should have been a patch. The original runs way better.  This PoS is a prime example of zero ♥♥♥♥s given.
,Not Recommended,329430,16510156,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,AbsurdBlue,State Of Cash-GrabDo not buy if you already own the original. This is a shameless attempt at selling the same product twice.Thank god for Steam refund
,Not Recommended,329430,17856454,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Kitsune Shan,"Don't buy it. Nothing is remastered here, its all a lie.There is only 3 little changes in the game that arent worth it if you alredy own the first one.They increased shadow resolution, added few more particles in some areas and adjusted contrast and bright for better view. All of which could have been done with a simple update. In fact, some of those settings can be changed with ENB series.If you never bough the original game, go for it, it still a good game.If you already have it, nothing new to see here, dont waste your money.And for the devs, I would feel really ashamed of selling the same game to the users that helped you to grow and gain popularity buying your product. I dont think that your userbase deserves such bad behavior and scam from you all.Too bad I couldnt play the game till few days ago even tho I had preordered it, otherwise I would surely asked for the Steam refund without doubt."
,Not Recommended,329430,15635099,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,mr.devolver,"As a returning player who loved the original State of Decay, let me be honest here, this is a completely unnecessary, controversial re-release that brings nothing of real value that would be so significant compared to the original that it would deserve its own release and the price, even with 33% discount is still way TOO much in terms of value for returning players.YOSE keeps crashing to desktop and overall feels as a slower, less optimized and just more bugged version compared to the original. People who purchase this game as newcomers to SoD ""franchise"" as well as the returning players deserve smooth and flawless gameplay for the money these developers ask for this game, unfortunately if you think that you're getting flawless game for your hard earned money, I have to disappoint you by saying you better forget it.As for the ""remaster"" aspect of this re-release, promise of the high quality textures is one of the biggest lies and not only you can see it for yourself in the parts of the game where textures are just ugly and you can't quite recognize what are you even looking at, but also according to developers themselves, PC release is smaller than Xbox One release because in PC release they didn't need to upgrade as many textures to higher quality as they needed to upgrade for Xbox One. This is interesting. Now I don't really own Xbox One, but I wonder if the Xbox One players really have the same ugly textures that show here in my PC version and while the fact that they did not upgrade as many textures for PC as they upgraded for Xbox One should naturally mean significantly lower price on PC, the price is the same even though the value added compared to original is clearly not that significant at all.Smaller difference in the quality compared to original equals smaller reason for anyone on PC to upgrade to YOSE, but wait. Can you really stay away of this re-release and just enjoy the original? According to some players, the original game won't launch for them anymore and as a matter of fact, the original game and its dlcs are replaced with YOSE, so there is no way to purchase the original anymore and no way for original owners to get the support unless they purchase YOSE! So much for optional purchase for the original owners...Let us put that aside and let me say what most of us think anyway, but nobody had the guts to say it out loud:Real fans of SoD expected more from the SoD ""franchise"" than just a re-release of the same thing they already have and losing the support for the original is a legitimate reason for fans of the original SoD to be mad as they are basically forced to upgrade to YOSE and pay for the same thing again if they don't want to lose support.In other words, for original fans it feels like being stabbed in our backs and I'm pretty sure that we all will remember this and keep it in mind from now on every time these developers bring a new game of any name.EDIT:To be completely fair, I love the little things they added exclusively for original owners and those who pre-order this game (new character who is already one leveled-up badass with unique weapons for original owners and special prepper pack for those who pre-ordered the game) and I also love CLEO items, but it still isn't that significant change that would justify the re-release and especially the price and just like many already said, not only bugs aren't fixed at all, but they somehow managed to introduce new bugs and crashes to desktop that basically render this overpriced re-release unplayable, isn't a ""definitive edition"" supposed to be clean of all the bugs present in the standard one?Speaking of bugs, here is a little peek...https://youtu.be/l4hlT29VCg4As an owner of the original release, I would be willing to pay for all the new stuff in form of a regular DLC as an optional ""update"" even if the price was slightly higher than a regular DLC, but the current price is a ripoff even with 33% discount."
76561198015616957,Not Recommended,329430,23626989,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,RJ,Its a paid update and not really a remaster.  and i do not recommend if you owned the previous version also i find it odd that the survivors do not use their guns and i had to install a mod i mean wtf
,Not Recommended,329430,15598725,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,SYSTEM GLITCH,"This is for people who own the previous version. I put over 800 hours into the original, mostly on Breakdown, up to level 42.-Textures are worse than before-All previous glitches exist-Full screen is not default, must use alt-enter to get fullscreen-Shadows are sooooooooo bad-New character uses generic voice-Lilly is still annoying as hellI'm not sure what I paid $20 for. A new character and some real bad retexturing?If you do not own the previous version, then by all means purchase the game, it is great. If you own it already, and do not plan to put hundreds of hours into the game, I cannot recommend it to you. Mods will give you everything you need, this is a cash grab pure and simple.Shame on you Undead Labs."
,Not Recommended,329430,15608402,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,❦Xeonzsღ💕,"Don't buy this if you have the first game.Basically all that is changed is that the interface is a bit smoother, which should've been a nice patch to the first game and a texture upgrade, which they could've better sold as DLC for 5 euros on the first game.Very obvious behaviour from Undead Labs, when I saw this I already thought what I stated above, but I loved the game with mods so I figured having it with better textures and an improved game with enhanced mechanics would be even better, but I feel like it was just a dirty cash grab again."
76561198077987627,Recommended,329430,15885655,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Jonathan Taylor Thomas,"While I support everyone's cause to end developers with the $$ in their eyes, this is clearly not the right title to be doing it on and the people doing so are misinformed.TL;DR - Developers (who made the game) have no control over the business practice as this still is a Microsoft-published/controlled title. It's a stretch that Microsoft even let this game go on Steam, so don't expect any official support beyond what was already offered. Undead Labs aren't accountable here. This is the remaster of a previously 2-gig sized game, and you are getting out of it what you are willing to pay for it.I'm sitting here reading these ""most helpful"" reviews from people with much, much less than even 5 hours in the game (a lot of them ironically saying they 'haven't seen anything different or new content-wise yet'), while reviews that are simply people saying they can't start the game (likely because their graphics setup doesn't support Dx11/isn't updated) somehow got upvoted to the most helpful page.Meanwhile, it doesn't take much to see the shameless squad of review-skewers operating out of the vow to upvote every single negative post no matter how meaningless it is and downvote the opposite, so right now it's pretty hard to view an actual, thought-out review of this game (Obviously, don't pretend I'm somehow 'unbiased' or 'more correct' in this situation). I'm going to predict that the amount of people who downvote this post within the next several hours will prove those previous statements (update - accumulation of 247/1053 as of Oct. 5th 2016).For further thought material: For a brisk while post-release, critic reviews on Metacritic for this game were definitely positive, and the problems those reviews mainly have with the game are more about a lack of polish and the fact that it wasn't a complete 'overhaul' like they hoped for, rather than it being a bad purchase or a bad game. Of course, by now, even some of those are under the impression that those ""darn corrupt devs"" made this to rob us thanks to the keyboard-activism.The issue with the talk of business practice is how obvious it is that nobody is actually looking into the validity of what they are saying - Undead Labs is not in control of the business practice. They are the dev team, it is their concept and ideas that built it, but ultimately, they signed it away to Microsoft for publishing with the XBLA system back in the 360's development stage.Before you assume that it's their fault anyways - remember that the XBLA program exists for small dev teams to have a place to release their game to the console market, and rules must be followed and UL would not have had any choice in the matter (being as small as they were with no resources at the time). Nobody knew the game was going to succeed how it did.What does this mean? Well, it certainly doesn't mean that Undead Labs even had the authority to ""screw the customers"" if they wanted to (which anyone with half a brain for PR can assume that they didn't). Rather that this is the PC port for theXbox Oneversion of the game, which sold for the simple reason that SOD otherwise did not exist on current (XB1) gen consoles at the time. Undead Labs has also stated that they cannot update the port without the go-ahead from Microsoft, which does not care about the PC port in terms of promoting their console-heavyexclusive title State of Decay.Now, if you actually care about what's in the game and how it compares to the last version, here is actually new content-wise in YOSE:-New knife-combat (which comes with a bunch of nice badass moves) (One of the bigger changes in the game)-New difficulty arch for Breakdown that extends far beyond the previous 12 levels.-30 minutes of new music-The amount of cars has more than doubled (although most of these come from new variants of already-existing vehicles. There is a classic 80's sedan, SUV, a non-customized version of the modern muscle car, some new tuners, a new classic muscle car and a bunch of new colors and variants for all of them.)-Some balance and physics tweaks-Fleshed out car repair features-New facility options (you can now do stuff like make coffee and convert ammo and stuff like that)-A bunch of new guns-A new type of mission (which is acts as a really nice reward occasionally in breakdown)-New Breakdown Heroes/survivors (including a returning-player bonus)(Milo Eldrige is an example of a new generic survivor for those misinformed souls that think Gurubani is the only change).-Slightly sharper graphics and frame rate (Not even close to a big change)-New visual ground effects, actual fog, etcKNOW WHAT YOU ARE BUYING. THIS IS PROBABLY NOT WORTH 30$ FOR PEOPLE WHO ALREADY HAVE THE GAME.ON THE CONTRARY, IF YOU DO NOT OWN THE ORIGINAL STATE OF DECAY, YOU AREN'T EVEN PART OF THE DEMOGRAPHIC THAT COULD CLAIM TO BE CHEATED. DON'T EXPECT THE REMASTER OF A 2GB GAME TO OPERATE LIKE A 30GB AAA GAME.If you are a new buyer to the series, then yah, buy this. State of Decay is a great game, and this is definitely the better version to get. There is more content, a bunch of smaller features the previous did not have, more community support for it.Despite the generic review claiming the game is 'broken' with 'broken features', the game is far from unplayable. The majority of bugs are physics flaws and bugs are definitely not something the game is bad with.Aside from that, if you are angry about the game not getting enough attention, you can blame MS for trying to make this a cash grab. The developers - who are very attentive to the community on the website - can't even do a DLC until the publishers ask for it. I'm not trying to baselessly shift blame, that is literally what one of the developers said when answering a community suggestion (https://forums.undeadlabs.com/threads/the-guns.27815/page-281). Keep in mind that in that same thread the developer can be quoted as saying that something new might just be in the works as well for the game."
76561198124830200,Not Recommended,329430,19211166,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,-hcolin- (Diplomatic Hipster),"After many hours of hard work, fun, crashes and most importantly growing crops...I can only come to this conclusion...This should have been a ♥♥♥♥ing update."
76561198035472447,Recommended,329430,32063737,Posted: 30 May,all,BroMoSai,"SO much lost potential, Bugs, glitche and annoyances!BUT despite all these problems its got me coming back again and again. For the $7 price tag that I got it for its definately worth the purchase.I wouldnt recommend buying it at the $30 full price.It also doesnt look like the developers will fix the problems mentioned above either"
76561197971055702,Not Recommended,329430,19358222,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Mannum-balum-Aššur,"This edition is the second paid version the developer put on steam. While it pretty annoying by itself for having to pay for what is essentially a (performance?) update, it is rather unforgivable that this game still, in its present state, is extremely buggy; character floating in the air, running through solid walls, teleporting, etc. The sheer amount of this types of bugs I encountered is mind boggling. Arguable, there is a graphical update in this version, which makes everything a lot brighter, which in my opinion does not help the game. Let's not talk about game design, while it could have been a lot better, at least it does not totally ruin the game like the bugs do. With the exception of course, by the fact that your companions tend to run away or leave you while heading out. This is especially no fun when you try to clear out an infestation, raising the chances considerably to be overrun and die. The more so because you often don't notice that you're  left to your own!I would avoid this game, whether you played the original version or not.In comparison, I give Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition a thumbs up."
76561198038676788,Not Recommended,329430,15612277,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Blademaster,"WARNING TO OWNERS OF THE PREVIOUS VERSION!This ""HD remastered"" edition of State of Decay on PC does not include updated textures, contains the exact same bugs (except the one useful bug for getting your whole community on the RV in breakdown, that was fixed) and does not contain any noticeable animation improvements. The store page is clearly ripped from the XBONE store page as none of these are present in this version. The lighting effects are also not improved, the game is simply brighter which can make it look ""better"" to some people, but far flatter and washed out.As a game (if you are new) this is the best zombie survival game I've played ever. Or at least the original was. The game is unpolished, despite this being the ""remastered version"" it fails to fix any bugs, but hey you're new so forget about the old version. If you're okay with having bugs, choppy framerates and a horrible traitorous publisher, then this is for you, as it IS fun.I don't recommend this game despite that, however, as this is what is essentially a paid for patch that doesn't actually patch ANYTHING. Owners of the original are also screwed into buying this version if they want continued support, which would be less unacceptable if this version carried out half of what it promised.One finally note, the store page say ""glorious 1080p at 30 fps"" like its a good thing. Yeah you should probably fix that, Microshit, or did you stop caring about PC after Halo 2?"
,Not Recommended,329430,17388817,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,El Presidente Donaldo Trumpendez,"The Reason why I don't recommend this game is because of its price, and the fact that it has little content added to the new one.Why I think this game is better than the original.- A few new Survivors.- New Weapons.- New Cars.- Many old bugs fixed (but new content creates more bugs)- Textures polished.- 1 extra mission.Why I dislike this one over the original.- Price is too high, 32 dollars for this, when I got the exact same just older for 20 dollars in 2013- There are still some bugs from the original game that plague this one- The survivors are still quite stupid, getting stuck on small objects on ground, and being unable to get into the car with me at certain times,What I think should have happened.- This should have been a update, or free for those who bought the original State of Decay- Could have charged the same original 20 dollars i paid in 2013 for those who are newOverall the game isn't bad, Its just why should you charge so much for the same game but with a few more items"
76561197970535155,Not Recommended,329430,15645945,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,jimdaniels,"Should have been a free update for people that bought the original and DLCs. Not worth the price.For someone new to the game, yes I highly recommend it."
,Not Recommended,329430,31685799,Posted: 11 May,all,winter,"There is a great game somewhere underneath all of the bugs and mediocrity. The fact that the same issues the 360 version (2013) had plague this as well is disheartening to say the least—especially as someone who was there from the beginning. It's not a great feeling when characters you spendhourson die due to 3+ year old bugs that have never been fixed. If they spent time polishing it and fixing what should have been fixed years ago, I wouldn't be able to recommend this enough.  As it is now, I have a very love/hate relationship with it. If youreallywant to play the game, then at least wait for a sale.All I can do is hope State of Decay 2 will be much better (and releases on Steam.)"
,Not Recommended,329430,15736502,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Red,"As of writing this only about 2 weeks after release I will have to sadly not recommend this game, at least not if you already own the original. If you don't then yes i highly recommend it, State of Decay is an amazing game that came out of nowhere and pulls you into a really cool survival type game, has an ok story nothing too amazing and it does have bugs but you will find yourself not being able to put it down. Now as for this re-release no it is not worth it in the slightest, I bought it of course clamoring to replay this game because it is that enjoyable, to find that they simply put flames on some trucks added some loot crates and added vehicle storage into the base game. Other than that nothing is different, no noticeable bug fixes, things are still wonky here and there, which believe is fine, but in a re-release that wants you to rebuy the game at basically what was almost full price I expect polish and upgrades which are not present here.If you are a returning fan, don't spend the money unless you truly just want to regain achievements and replayIf you are new to the series I highly recommend this, (mainly because it's just State of Decay with a different name)9/10 for State of Decay     5/10 for this ""Remaster"""
76561198069609574,Not Recommended,329430,15597408,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,VND,"At the moment this version is not worth it for newcomers or returning players.Original owner bonus items seems like they could easily been made by modders or even imported to the original game.Screenshot make this game look more polished than it is.They don't show the crappy shadows or noticeable tiled textures.tl;dr: Save your money and get orginal bundle.-Still no proper graphics options.-Texture and shadow filtering and lighting is pretty bad.-Textures don't seem upgraded.-Stuttering is probably worse, especially when driving.In State of Decay i was able to get a pretty smooth 60fps at 1080p,In YOSE i'd have to lower resolution to 720p to get a stable framerate.Animations seem even worse and buggier than before.Looting seems more glitchy than the original also (sometimes the Y promt shows up and sometimes it does not )I really hope the developers get there scat together and patch these aweful bugs.I really do feel let down by them because i supported them by pre-ordering this and expected a more polished game than the original but got a more buggier, uglier one instead.Atleast one thing they got right, you can import game saves from the orginal."
76561198093538730,Not Recommended,329430,22447407,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,NonStopWarrior,"One of the saddest stories in video game development.TL;DR - While there is a great game buried under here, it's buried beneath an entirely unplayable mess. Don't buy this game until the devs make it very public that they've fixed it, should they ever actually do that. Until then, try and find a way to get the original.*I loved this game when it came out. I remember watching the trailers and having my hopes raised so high at the prospect of an open world zombie survival game of this calibre. And when it came out, it actually lived up to the hype. Somewhere in the outdated graphics, the lack of co-op, the awful sound design, and the disjointed voice acting, was a fantastic game with amazing mechanics. Hours were spent glued to my xbox fighting off waves of zombies, scrounging for supplies, searching every container looking for new weapons (and there must be hundreds of different weapons), building up bases, rescuing survivors and expanding my group.And then Breakdown came out, and I was ecstatic. It's like they realized their weaknesses and limitations, and decided to devote their attention to building their strengths. While the story of State of Decay was decent enough to push you around the map and through events in the game, they now gave us the world as our playground and challeneged us to survive for as long as possible in whatever way we chose. Once again, many hours were lost.And then came Lifeline, and in my opinion, the cracks started to show. It was still every bit as fun as the original, but what I'd hoped would be an entire urban centre to explore, turned out to be almost entirely inaccessible. The map consists of a large city area of which the entirety is inaccessible. The only areas you can explore are the suburban-esque areas of the outer limits of the city, which contain little more than the same houses and buildings you saw in the original. But despite all that, the fun was still there. The story was interesting enough, and being given a pile of new, military grade weapons to mow down zombies with was a blast. So even though the fun was shorter lived than the original, it still held up to its own.And then...this. This terrible, awful, wretched money grab they shamelessly put out. The base game is still there somewhere, but it has been completely buried in a buggy, laggy, entirely unplayable experience. They boast about being remastered in 1080p, as well as improved textures and animations, but the game looks almost no different than the original. The menus are a little sharper, the icons look a little crisper, but the player models, zombies, vehicles, the world itself is unnoticeably different. The only thing that's really changed is that the game can't keep up with itself anymore. Frame skips are constant, even in low texture density areas. Bugs are rampant, with your characters floating in the air or falling through the world, zombies pop in and out of existence all around you, the game crashes to desktop.And just to add insult to injury, the devs are charging more than the base game for this, and have made the original, playable version unpurchaseable. Coming up on a year after its release, the devs have seemingly made no moves to acknowlege that their product is broken, nevermind actually fix this game and make it playable again. One can only hope that day is coming."
76561197974636384,Not Recommended,329430,16453194,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Sgt.Elias,"nicer graphics well yes. somehow. somewhat. but is it worth to pay for that? Most games bring this hd option out with a free-for-all update. Furthermore and this is my biggest criticism...the orginal title worked absolutlely fine on my system (win 7, 64 bit, geforce 570gfx, 8gb ram) - but the year one edition keeps crashing like every 15 minutes! very disappointing. I bought it in the summersale for like 5 Dollar, but will deinstall it now again and install the old one. much better all togehter."
,Not Recommended,329430,17649058,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Genpredator,"I do not recommend this game because it is so ridiculously glitchy.  Being new to the game, I read the reviews, and despite the negative recommendations because this edition should have been a patch instead of a remastered version, I got it anyways.  The indications of poor graphics performance and poor physics were fairly slight in the reviews, while predominant complaints were the former, so I thought, how bad could it be?  Let me tell you new comers, it's that bad.  Let  me break down the problems this game faces.-sluggish controls;  The action you try to perform may or may not be done on the first button press.  This leads to over zealous and useless button mashing.-Zombies literally spawn right in front of you and are attacking you before they are visibly spawned in.  This is most notable when the game decides to mess you up, you'll see a few zombies, go whale on them, the music will kick into more serious tones, then you are swarmed with zombies that were nowhere around 2 seconds ago.  You'll start seeing them spawn in right behind a zombie you are executing.-team npcs are obviously programmed to be more of a nuciance than a help. They are notorious about standing in doorways, not attacking enemies until the last second.  They will NOT help you carry stuff, such as supplies you find, which really makes them pretty useless.  You cannot direct them to move, attack or anything otherwise useful.-The camera is not your friend.  Half the battle is keeping up with the camera.  Especially while driving.  Nothing says pain in the @$$ like driving with the WASD scheme and rotating the camera manually.  90% of all car accidents in this game is due to blind spots from the camera nemesis.  When fighting, sometimes all you can see is the back side of a zombie or your head.-Aiming can be a real pain in the nether region.  Scoped weapons aren't truely scoped, as you only zoom in ever so slightly, but the sight is still over the shoulder, and it leads to frustratingly difficult long shots.  Against all survival guide recommendations, spray and pray will end up being the order of the day when you inevitably get swarmed, hopefully you brought enough snacks, painkillers and a backup melee weapon because it's gonna turn into melee when you run out of ammo.-Vehicle physics seem to have been written by a toddler, because the physics are either as stiff as a board or as bouncy as a rubber ball.  Run over a zombie, you may dent your hood, or you may take your vehicle for a tour of the solar system, you're at the whim of random physics.  On that note, if walking everywhere wasn't a sure recipe for disaster because of materializing zombies, it would be easier to walk.-Walls and doors may or may not stop a zombie attack or the flames from a molotov.-Street curb can be an invisible barrier.  Make sure you take a running leap to get up on that sidewalk.-To search containers, you have to position yourself perfectly in front of it, you can't open that cooler lid standing beside it, because that's IMPOSSIBLE, the same goes for entering and exiting vehicles as well as putting items in the storage compartment.-Climbing down a ladder can be a perilous endeavor.  Sometimes you'll climb down normally, othertimes you'll swan dive off the platform.  Oh, did I mention how the useless NPCs like to stand in front of doors?  Yeah, they do that with ladders too.  Feel free to push them off, not that you'll teach them any kind of lesson but you'll feel better...-Last but not least;  the missions are so repetitive, and absolutely pointless...  ""<insert name> is in a tough spot."" blah blah blah...  The idle NPCs constantly go out, need help, and never bring anything back for the trouble, just a time sink.  You can ignore them, but you'll start having morale problems unless you bring back supplies constantly.  You also run the risk of losing members, especially before you have all your outposts.Oh, and, whoever decided how much items weigh really needs to spend some time figuring out how much stuff really weighs.  If a person struggles to carry an assault pack filled with a hatchet, 30 rounds of 5.56, a rifle, 3 bottles of asprin, 3 MRE, and 3 grenades, I don't think they would be much use in the military, let alone the apocolypse.  And military trained personel who takes 20-30 seconds' to change a magazine?  I'm looking at you Lifeline.The game has promise, but I think between the dev's ADD and the DRM (i.e.  lack of any community fixes) it's going to be a broken promise.  Graphically and functionally this game is on par with Xbox1 and the PS2 era, though the concept is there for a great modern game.  Very sad, and I wanted to like this game so badly.  My recommendation, if you absolutely must get it, wait for a sale, but I bet you'll still be disappointed."
76561198044283559,Not Recommended,329430,15597405,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,JathVader,Woeful.How is it more glitchy then what the original was.Did they even test the game before realising it?- runs poor even on low settings.- zombies run through doors.- cars handle worse then watch dog.- graphics basically the same.- A.I loves to stand in door ways.- controls feel delayed.Are they going to charge for the next update as well?3/10 would stick my♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in a blender again.
76561198001476196,Not Recommended,329430,15779236,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Sanity'sEdge,"I like this game very much and it is fun, don't get me wrong on this. There is afaik not one other game out there which combines Zombies, Basebulding, RPG-Mechanics, Open-World and 3rd-Person-Action in a way worth mentioning.Although the game doesn't play it's potential to the fullest and there was definitely room for improvement, but sadly that wasn't used for this ""remastered"" version. Honestly I almost see almost no difference graphic-wise, it certainly doesn't look that much better.But that wasn't something I had hoped for anyways. What I had hoped for was an improvement gameplay-wise, but alas they didn't deliver. The same long known bugs that plagued the old game, are also present in this version, the extra Mission type   is nothing to write home about, the Bonus Survivor is bugged, I couldn't even add him/her to my community, the Bonus Gear I can't even recall if it worked.Also they stated that they had reworked the UI, but I really can't tell, because it is still the same unresponsive, lackluster console conversion i had to put up with in the orginal game. It is definitely not tweaked for PC, at least not worth mentioning. Performance-wise I had no problems at all, I ran the game at ""Ultra""(haha)-Specs and it ran fluid, almost all of the time (oc'ed nvidia gtx 760). Also many community suggested improvements were neglected, actually I can't tell if any was implemented at all.So the conclusion is that I cannot recommend this game? No. I do recommend it, at least to those who haven't played the original, although I am somewhat disappointed by the developers for releasing this cash-grab. If you never played this game and you like open-world zombie-action with some strategic value, pick it up. It can nerveracking at times, but all in all it is a good game and also worth 28€ imo, but stay away if you already own the orginal!"
,Not Recommended,329430,16924954,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Maxunit,"Foreword: Genrally, for anyone who never played State of Decay or YOSE and is a huge Zombie Games Fan and needs a fix without touching any of the other ""Zombie Survival"" Games out there, like DayZ or H1Z1 (which basically are not Zombie Survival Games, but PvP with some...Things ""derping"" around to sometimes annoy you), then I can say:Try it. (and use Steam Refunds if you are disappointed!)Personally tho:I had a lot of fun with the original State of Decay (mostly with Mods installed!)It had its quirks, small minor bugs and performance issues on my PC, which is strange, since my Specs are good enough. (and this is not limited to my pc...)AMD A8-5600K Black Edition 3.6 GhzEVGA GeForce GTX 9708 GB MemoryWindows 8.1 Pro NState of Decay (not YOSE) ran acceptable with some stuttering and slowdowns here and there, especially while driving around.YOSE, on the other hand, has serious performance issues. Whenever I walk around, run around or drive around, the FPS dips down to 20 or less in a lot of areas. Micro-Stuttering is not even a word for that anymore.I posted about this on the official Forums from Undead Labs, twice.First time, the Community Manager and a Dev ""wanted to take a look at it"" but suddenly stopped responding or caring about it.Second time, only the Community Manager replied a couple times and then stopped responding.Not only is YOSE a slight cash-grab (you can get most of all the new YOSE features with SoD Mods), the Developers are not the most responsive and caring type...One way to ruin a franchise and scare off existing and potential new customers.I hope Undead Labs learns from their mistakes and their MMO Zombie Survival Game actually will work and run properly..."
76561198041278017,Not Recommended,329430,16689451,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Still Target,"It's a fun game but not worth 30 bucks.I picked it up in the summer sale, for that price I would recomend it.I wish there was a star system for reviews instead of recommend or not.for $30.00  2/10for the $5.00 it was on sale 7/10"
76561198073593985,Not Recommended,329430,22599066,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,JoiJoi,This was a joke. It should've been an update.
,Recommended,329430,32628560,Posted: 21 June,all,bihlbo,"YOSE vs. Original: Better graphics, not much else.SoD either version is a really fun zombie beat-em-up with lots of driving, looting, and fighting. The base building aspects are very simple and contribute little to the game. For the most part, this game is best as a quick-session ""let's see if I can't find some goodies and kill some things"" game. In fact, playing for more than an hour or so is probably not the best idea, as the game's new things to throw at you become stale after about that long. It uses a mix of real and game time to progress things while you're not playing, meaning it rewards you for playing a little every day instead of long play sessions. Combat is great fun, forcing you to come up with new strategies as the game gets more difficult. Your main enemy is actually scarcity more than it is the monstrous zeds, which are more of an obstacle than anything since you can  never truly win against them.SoD is not a perfect game at all. Certainly some of the features seem half-baked. There are only two settings to explore, then memorize and master, and the lack of anything new to see can get stale. Your impact on the setting is very limited, and fleeting. The original game's story is kinda meh, Lifeline's is better, and Breakdown doesn't have a story.However, I have a hard time finding a better game to fill the role that SoD fills, as a simple, short-session, couch sitter."
76561198017786845,Not Recommended,329430,15854487,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,[Ger] Daen,"I once loved State of decay and played the first version of this game an endless amount of time.As a big fan of the game and with great love for the company i bought the YOS-Edition without doubts, simply by trusting that guys for bringing me my favorite zombie-game ever.But the sad truth is, that the game is not only almost exact the same, without new buildings and 99% similar content, no, the big, the really big problem is, that there are so many new bugs in it the SoD-Version never had!Gamebreaking bugs like endless sieges which cannot be finished, alot of glitches, suddenly appearing Zombies out of thin air right next to you and an A.I. that is so stupid its getting lost in a one-way corridor of 2 meters! (what actually really happened. i plundered a truck and when I went out of it, all companions were unable to find the exit, resulting in getting killed inside there...)As long this game has no new contents which deserves the meaning and as long this game is so horrible buggy, i definetely won't recommend it. So sad, so sorry for a game I once really loved and played in almost every free minute! :)"
76561197992665651,Not Recommended,329430,15664349,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Pai Rho,"I wanted to enjoy this. I really did. But i've run into far far to many game breaking bugs to give this a good review.They suck the fun out of the game, And they are common problems ever ones reported. So they released a buggy game on purpose.Don't buy this one unless you see a couple long posts of patch notes full of bug fixs."
,Not Recommended,329430,16031672,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,no fun allowed,"Update 1 on November 19, 2015:Almost 7 months after release, UL has finally released a big content patch. Out of curiosity, I will be reinstalling to see if it addresses some of the bugs I mentioned.Update 2 on November 27, 2015:Everything seems to work fine now. Only took them 7 months to actually patch the damn thing.Ireallywant to recommend this game, but I can't in good conscience tell people to go out and get YOSE given the state it's in. On paper, it sounds great: HD re-release of 2013's State of Decay, all DLC included, bonus missions and new characters for the Breakdown DLC. I got the original State of Decay around the time it came out of Early Access back in late 2013 and it was plagued by bugs that eventually got patched out. So, imagine my surprise when playing the re-release only to discover they brought back the same bugs. To list a few:- Opening up the journal will running or driving will lock your character in that direction infinitely until you press the same direction key again.- Incorrect character voices. A female character will use her own voice to say one line, then switch to another female voice, and then cheer in a deep male voice.- Issues with map geometry, i.e. with a horde right on your butt, you'll sprint across the street only to hit what the game thinks is an invisible wall because the curb is like half a foot above the street.- Wonky car physics, meaning that driving over what you think is a small rock will rocket your vehicle into the stratosphere and kill your character.- Worst of all, the infinite loading screen glitch is back. Anyone who played the original SoD at launch will remember this, where if you switch between characters, the game will load in as the new character, but the loading screen will float in place forever. It's easily fixed by exiting to the menu and loading back in, but this shouldn't be an issue in the first place.It's almost been a month since launch with no patch (other than one to fix the import save function). Until YOSE gets fixed or falls to a price you think is reasonable, I say skip it. If you've not played the original, you can get that and all the DLC for less than $10 or $15 during a sale."
,Not Recommended,329430,15604948,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,madtc1,"Whether you own the original edition or not, stay away from this game. You would naturally expect this newer edition to be more polished and have less glitches and stutters compared to the previous edition, but sadly this is not the case. And I did not noticed any graphical improvements either, it looked exactly the same as the original, with some gamma adjustments.To say that I'm disappointed with this game is an understatement."
,Not Recommended,329430,32004937,Posted: 27 May,all,C-zom,"Pros:*Early game melee*Initial immersion factor*Voice Acting + Quantity of characters*Weapon variety*Driving is decent*Fun gameplay loop of loot, build, loot, build.Cons:*Significant level of low polish, including numerous launch/crash/freeze hangups in Breakdown.*Low fidelity graphics feel like Cryengine 3 permanently set to low settings. Most jarring sin is vegetation, grass, ground textures and LOD distance even on Ultra + SweetFX mods.*Breakdown being a recycling DLC was a poor idea to feign a difficulty mode, and takes too long to reach meaningful heights. You'll easily put 4-8 hours into the same map before you reach Level 5 or 6, when the game actually becomes difficult and harrowing.*Dead open world*No real sense of mid or end game*No meta events or map control or dynamic weather or anything of the sort.*Doesn't bring you down to earth. Your own personal hunger, sickness, health, morale, or all those traits the game showcases (poet, builder, musician, etc) mean absolutely nothing. NPC's do not interact with each other much at all.I originally bought State of Decay on the 360 and enjoyed it for what it was then. The original PC port actually turned out to be a bit more stable than this combined release, but more on that later. Ultimately you might be asking: What is YOSE? Why should this game interest me, there are a million zombie sims out there.To start with the positives, the gameplay loop in Decay is rewarding. You find or start a small community in one of a few predetermined ""start options"" you can roam around on the map and find. From there you need to loot buildings of various size and complexity to find rucksacks full of either food, ammo, supplies, or some forth income that is illuding me at the moment. This is your base building and maintenance currency which you use to construct/upgrade tiers of modules like sleeping room (more survivors) medical bay (faster health regen on chars you're not using) and so on and so forth. Killing zombies is mostly rewarding at the earlier levels with a pretty immersive melee engine, but is -- to me -- murked completely at higher levels when you become a crowd controller similar to Dead Rising.You can equip 2h saws and spin to win, you can one hit kill enemies with fast light handed weapons and chain combo, etc. I found the combat most immersive when dodging, hitting, and running while managing stamina to be the most fun. At higher level characters, which is easy enough to do in one or two in game days, you become a killing machine. Janky animations, but meaty impact helps to level out the combat. Ranged is awful, I have nothing else to say there.Zombies tend to spawn around you in a shell, out of view, rather than say roaming the map in swarms or migrating. The lack of any established a-life tends to bring down immersion since you can clear a house, go to the top floor, come back down and it's full of zombies again. This happens a lot.Because of this, base attacks are predetermined ""horde"" events that spawn out of thin air and rush your defenses. This is fun, at first, but as you tier up you won't even notice or care as your snipers will make swift work of things.There is not much of a mid or end game to speak of. There are no dynamic events, military incursions, zombie migrations, roaming survivor bands like you just fighting and looting, special weather or sickness events, etc. The big world is really static and tends to have a small center of gravity -- you. Enemies spawn when you're there, stuff is raided when you're around, ""Defense"" missions for outposts only happen when you can help, etc. The game uses missions and gametokens (cryengine stuff) to feign a sense of dynamics. In reality, the game stays put until it can pull your hair to do something close by.Breakdown Endgame is just getting in an RV, reloading the entire map and it adds mutators to enemy count/strength/ and loot amount/scarcity. That's it. Ultimately, SoD is a decent looters beat em' up with a faint semblance of an open world. It is worth it on sale for $10 or below, but it isn't going to be the diehard zombie sandbox you were hoping for. It is too detached from itself, too player centered, too easy and has a strange dichotomy between corny Dead Rising combat and struggle-to-survive (implied, anyway) basebuilding."
76561198119063354,Not Recommended,329430,15767897,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,oneeyedunicorn,not enough enhancements over the original.
,Not Recommended,329430,23674968,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,ReinBork,Cool a bug filled version of the regular State of Decay!
76561198019387437,Not Recommended,329430,17440638,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Yosory,"Bad rip off.A little face life, that's it. All old bugs are still there plus some new ones.If you don't own the game, buy it, as long as you are okay with bugs. If you already have the ""non-remastered"" version, don't bother. Save the money for some bacon, or whatever makes you happy."
76561197966189064,Not Recommended,329430,23680381,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,wksims86,"More bugs than zombies.  Would be a great game if it weren't such an unplayable mess.  After 2 hours of struggling to get the game to even launch a second time due to a major screen resolution bug, I put a few playing sessions into the game before... *poof*  -- my save disappears.  Not a cloud save issue, not an ""oops, we saved this to the wrong profile number"" issue.  Just flat out gone.I loved this game on the Xbox, and I was really enjoying the idea of getting to revisit it here.  But the game is so horribly bugged it would be a disservice to you to describe the gameplay as enjoyable.  I'm sure it would be if it were the same game made by a competent developer.  Even with the YOSE release, they couldn't fix this and get it right.  Do yourself a favor and skip this one."
,Not Recommended,329430,15675512,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Fatto Catto,"I really wish I could recommend this, because I really really loved the original one. I bought this game on a whim when I found out that I could import my save. To save time for others:TL;DR: Save your money if you already have the original game, because the new content does not validate the price. If however you havent got the game at all, it is worth paying for as the old one is no longer available on steam.Positive aspects:-returning players from SoD get access to an exclusive player with the Nimble trait (reflexes)-new type of car added that has an increased trunk space (6 spaces) with a bit less handling than a modern pickup, but more readily available and just as sturdy.-like original SoD has intergrated controller support available-returning players can import their save from SoD, breakdown and Lifeline-Actions like creating more snacks and coffee are now available at the kitchen-new mission type included in story type and breakdown, gives new lease of life to objects such as timers and talking dolls-new map icons make it easier to see at a glance what kind of missions are available to youNegative aspects:-The game is really badly optimized. This particular game lags even on minimum specs-Some zombies are not rendered correctly, and sometimes the buildings have the same problem. For machines (like mine) that ran original SoD perfectly fine, it seems like this is an issue that shouldn't have been one.-the map looks less smooth and more boxy and cartoonish-for the content that has been added ontop of the old version, it really is not worth the money even with the discount. The added features included in this pack, i would only realistcally pay around £8 at most.-No new voice actors have been commissioned. For when playing breakdown and the like, it can get tiresome to hear the same 6 voice actors over and over in different pitches.-at times, attacks do not connect to the zombies, leading you to waste your stamina swinging wildly while they still come and wreck you.-it is commonplace for your character to glitch into the foundations of the building. Whereas in the original SoD this glitch was only really common for zombies, the glitch has now expanded to affecting player characters-the graphics as a whole just look sharp and horrible as if no edge smoothing has been used at all. in all honesty, I prefer the graphics of the old game.Conclusion:I will probably continue to play this game as i have already spent money on it, but looking back I wish I saw a review like this instead of the generic ""This is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ cash grab"" so i could have just happily stayed with the original.However, if you've never played State of Decay at all, it is a brilliant game, and will recommend you buy this copy as the old one is now not available."
,Not Recommended,329430,16714505,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Barmy Badger,"Decided to make this more coherent aswell as more thorough.Pros:-Same good gameplay from the previous, aborted child, with solid combat.-Good, though run of the mill 'special zombies' (Freaks), the Screamer (Killing Floor Siren though this one disables character while screaming), the Bloater (basically a Left 4 Dead Smoker/Killing Floor Bloatbile hybrid since it doesn't tongue but it doesn't vomit), the Feral (Left 4 Dead Hunter) and the Juggernaut (Killing Floor Fleshpound)Cons:-The tiny inventory started to get on my nerves though I suppose its more realistic, can't expect everyone to take 999 bullets with them every time.-Being bombarded by silly requests when you're trying to do something gets REALLY frustrating.-Only minor but unskippable intros (Microsoft Studios and Undead Labs thingies) are 800x600 regardless of resolution settings-More minor stuff, when coming out of a menu if you try to move characters too fast they will only walk in a straight line regardless of other directional buttons pressed, and the fact changing character even if they are right next to you needs a loading screen, I can understand characters that are outside of base though.-Drops in frame rates, specially while driving and getting to full speed even with graphical settings at minimum, I have 2xR9 270X, since its a mid ranged AMD product I'm not expecting it to rain gold and diamonds but jebus, the bloody framerate drops!!!-No mouse support in menus, I hate these friggin ports that ignore the existance of this excellent creation which would make inventory management so much easier, BUT NO you MAY NOT make our job easier we NEED to make menus confusing.The added content, I've noticed some of it like pallet swap cars, but to me it just seems like a ""Turtle Rock did it with Left 4 Dead!!"" cash grab though I may be mistaken the further I get in. The game itself looks to me like a lot was put into it like the devs themselves cared for it so I don't really regret buying it, I just hate bad ports which is the problem when they take the easy road of console games, I do appretiate that they spent the time to giving us PC people the game though."
,Not Recommended,329430,15629665,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,[F!] Aldershot,"Below you'll find a written and video impression on the gamehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tTfG6yqsUDwState of Decay was a fantastic open world zombie survival game when it was originally released on Xbox Live, but when it was ported to the PC it suffered from multiple problems. Bugs, and poor resolution were some of the most notable issues. Fortunately the core game was so good, many people including myself were willing to forgo any problems that it had, and enjoyed it any ways. What a great idea it is to ""remaster"" the original! The question though, is Year One remastered enough to justify a $30USD price tag?If you've already played or own the original game is it worth $30? Short answer: NO.Yes, the lighting have been improved significantly, and the texture quality is better, but other than that, there's not much new here. Sure, there are also some extra minor characters added, and now cars have decal (whoopie...), but every thing else about the game is exactly the same. The game advertises improved animations, and combat mechanics, yet I notice little changed about these 2 things. If there have been any changes, they're so tiny, it's barely noticeable. The two biggest improvements are the lighting and texture quality, both could of easily been added as a patch. There are no other notable additions, the model quality is exactly the same, there are no new modes to play, no new areas, no new quests, nothing for returning players.If this was advertised as the definitive State of Decay collection, I would be fine with it. Lots of games like Boarderlands repackage old games into compilations for the benefit for new players, but this was advertised as a remastering. Even the description of the game mislead old fans to believe that there are a ton of new stuff here, when there aren't. Worst off, the most noticeable improvements, lighting, texture quality, and true 1080p, are things that should of been in place when they launched their original port! But instead they decided to charge it to us, as a lazy excuse of a remaster. If you're a returning player to the game, Year One is nothing more than a glorified update patch.Luckily for us, the original is absolutely a stellar survival game, and since they changed nearly nothing about it, it remains a stellar survival game. If you are new to State of Decay, this might be a good time to get into the game, and perhaps Year One is suitable for the new comers. For old time fans who have already played, or own State of Decay, don't bother. It's not worth your money unless you have enough disposable income to justify it. But even then, the practice of selling what amounts to a patch for $30 and misleading old players to think that there are a ton of new stuff when there's not, is not a practice that I can condone.Pros:- Still the same, great State of Decay game- Suitable for any one NEW to the gameCons:- For returning players, there isn't much new- $30 for what amount to a patch is unconscionable- Neither combat or animation have been improved enough to justify it being in the description- The original was a lazy port, Year One is a lazy remastering"
76561197977572912,Not Recommended,329430,15607576,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,raptorgtx,"If you bought the original DO NOT buy this you will be wasting your money! I was really disappointed to see the poor graphic menu options to select from. In my case I was hoping for a 2560 x 1440 option, no such luck. I played the original on my pc and xbox 360 and enjoyed the game, so I ended up purchasing the same game for a 3rd time."
,Not Recommended,329430,15664823,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,ccgandrew,"Pros:A little better graphics (Almost no difference) & smoother frame rate.Cons:1. Aside from some graphic improvements & some pre-purchase bonuses, not much has changed in terms of gameplay & features.2. Bugs are WORSE than the original version. Zombies pass through walls more frequently, cars flying, zombies flying, and still no one is manning the watch tower most of the time. I can overlook the bugs in the original game, but the larger number of bugs in YOSE edition is pathetic.I don't know if it's caused by bugs, or the way the zombie AI is programmed, but zombies seem to know where you are from as far as 3 blocks away. I keep having my survivors killed due to being horded by dozens of zombies who just always know where I am sneaking around. I destroyed a bunch of zombies, and the other groups keep endlessly coming, until my survivors ran out of stamina and get killed. This is truly frustrating. I am unable to search items in the house without being surrounded by zombies from across the road who somehow know I am inside the house.Even worse, the survivors who accompany me are dumb and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ pathetic. They just stand there getting mauled by zombies without fighting back. Seriously, what the F**k did the developers do to the AI ???I have played the original SoD, and I will still go back to the original. The zombie AI is more balanced in the original game. The YOSE edition zombies somehow have human detector radar and you can never hide pass them. I keep losing my survivors and desperately look for new ones and train them, only to see them get killed as well. This totally ruins the gameplay. It's garbage."
76561197971386388,Not Recommended,329430,15653628,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Hitman47,"NO 1440P, NO 4K....only Full HD and same as the original Game, even more worse. They have improved shadow quality. But if you go into shadow.cfg from the original game, you can adjust shadow quality much better than the remastered edition have. And the lightning in the new version is more ugly, because of its low shadow contrast. So in the forest at the beginning you dont see any lightning, because of the low contrast. They also didnt improve textures. Best example is, when you look at the streets. Next thing, I have a WQHD Monitor, the native resolution is 1440P, but you only get 1080P ingame. For a FullHD Monitor, its okay, but every resolution lower than nativ looks terrible. When you have a Full HD Monitor, try to set 1600*900 and you see not only the difference from 1080P to 900P, also what its like, when you cant play in the native resolution of the Monitor. And the best thing is, NOW i cant get 1440P in the original Game. Here also only 1080P.  I think they patched it, so that the original game dont have 1440P any more and doesnt look better than the remastered. My shadow cfg and Draw Distance in the original Game is also bugged after latest patch in original game. So i only have the remastered Edition in 1080P with ugly contrast, ugly shadows and so on. And I was naiv to think, they could include tesselation, Parallax Occlusion Mapping, High Res Textures, best performance and so on.....haha...the performance in this new edition is bad too and i have a GTX Titan X :D:D I wasted my Money...Dont do this mistake...totally Fail!! ...sry for my bad english....."
76561198022518917,Not Recommended,329430,15773704,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Leotsu,"Loved vanilla state of decay on xbox 360. At the time of release it was not released on pc and really wanted to check the game out. For all the technical problems and bugs, it was an AMAZING game. Really nailed the survival horror walking dead type vibe I was looking for. Devs promised to work on bugs over time and they did for the most part, albeit at a slow pace. I held out for a game of the year edition for pc due to wanting all the dlc and better frame rates, draw distance etc. When I saw they were releasing a ""game of the year"" edition I was pretty happy to wait for it to support these guys.Well....I regret my purchase. They released this with some new animations and fetch missions...and with all the bugs the base game had. Been out for a few weeks and I don't think we have had a patch addressing any of them. CS people on the undead lab forums site are trying to help folks but, honestly this whole situation with this game so far has been a♥♥♥♥♥♥show. Wait for a dirt cheap sale, bugs should be ironed out by then."
,Not Recommended,329430,15609405,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Head Splinter,"It's basically the same as the original one.Different car reskins, different cars altogether. Some of the interface graphics have been improved. The icons on the map have been made a little bit bigger.When you start Breakdown, you get five hordes right off the bat. With no outposts to fend them off, you have to find a couple of cars to get rid of them.  Then you're down a couple of vehicles because they've been ruined.The same thing with Lifeline. You get rushed early in the game and you get overwhelmed. You're not given enough time to set up to fend them off properly.The original campaign is the same, you go through the camp site and go on from there.The zombie and the horde spawning can be a little bit too much at times. Everytime you try to search for something, they'll spawn outside the house. If you're in a field, they appear right in front of you. If you get out of a car to look for something, they'll be there next to the vehicle.I'm all for killing the damn things, but it gets to be annoying after a while. It's still a good game, but it's still rough around the edges."
,Not Recommended,329430,15605779,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,MR.GRIMLOCK,"Okay so this is my first review on Steam. I loved SOD since I first heard the idea back in the day. I bought it on my Xbox (before I converted to the master race). It was innocent, a small company making the game everyone dreamed of. The concept was there, it made me feel for the characters when they were torn to shreds because I was too careless. It was an amazing game. The shoddy graphics and buggy gameplay were the only things hindering this beast of an idea. Everyday that I played this game I wanted to know what undead Labs was going to do to fix it. After a while I grew tired of waiting.3 days ago I logged onto Steam wondering if they had one of my favorite games. State of Decay. There it was $19.99 in all its glory just as I'd left it. Then I saw that Undead Labs HAD been working on it after all! So I bought the game a day before it released.I started the game and was immediately filled with disappointment. The didn't launch properly at first. Then the load times seemed to take forever and day. Finally I spawned in the Breakdown mode as Summer and BAM! Undead Labs told me ,""hey, we made the game better sorta.""I play on a surface pro 2. This thing is a monster of a tablet. It can handle skyrim and GTA5 on almost full settings and is amazing. Sure it runs a little warm on those games but who's rig wouldn't?Anyway, there I was on Minimum resolution, minimum graphics and a Small as hell 4:3 display. Black borders all around. V sync on then off. IT ALL RAN THE SAME. Laggy, buggy and zombies jumping through walls. Forget driving. Hordes of zombies were complete chaos. My surface pro through all that was still running ice cold. Like I wasn't even playing a game.To summarize: If you bought the original with expansions don't waste more money on something that is subpar. It doesn't live up to my expectations and frankly I don't know if it ever will. Undead Labs needs to do something about these issues because they're destroying a dream game. All the while♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥a ton of people off.-The Gamer that waited"
,Not Recommended,329430,15642393,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,filefool,"The  original State of Decay was a combination of everything i wanted from a zombie survival game. Building a community, scavenging resources and improving your living conditions during an apocalypse. It had it's own charm and all the annoying things about it (especially the bugs) were tolerable when you considered how small a developer Undead Labs was.Yet i can not recommend this version of the game to anyone, not even people who haven't played the ""non-remastered"" version.The original version got rid of a lot of bugs through patching but most of those are back in the YOSE edition with the addition of way more annoying new ones (car hit detection where you drive through a whole zombie horde without hurting a single one). A lot of obvious design flaws were not corrected (like adding a simple sorting function to your base inventory) and the visual improvements are nice in comparison but not that noticeable. And for a ""polished"" version, the framerate is horrendous, even on a decent system.I ended up reinstalling the original SoD, since it has fewer bugs and a lot of awesome mods available, that make the game more enjoyable (and from which the developers should have drawn inspiration on how to improve their game).If Undead Labs will patch it to a playable state and add a little mod support, i'll give it another whirl. Until then, this prime example of a money grab stays off my hard drive.#Update 31.10.2015Apart from a small hotfix right after release, the developer did not address any issues for a full six months.Thankfully modders have not been idle and there are some nice additions and fixes out there that makes it feel like i didn't totally waste my money on this purchase.Now only recommended if you don't own the original and don't mind searching for and installing mods and community made fixes by yourself."
,Not Recommended,329430,15601751,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,JediSith1981,"I have bought every SOD & DLC released on the 360, PC, and now PC againomg, I am so disappointed at the quality of this release... I do know my PC GFX maxed out (GeForce 960 2GB) don't look near as nice as the previews, and sure don't look much better than the original SOD :-|I decided to get the PC version instead of the Xbox One version because Undead said that the PC will get updated quicker than consoles, and are NOT against modding.On Windows SOD YOSE is only 3.1 GB, but is a little more than 5 GB on the Xbox One version...That could explain why the PC version looks as crappy as the original releases :-| Shouldn't the PC version be BIGGER if it was truly upgraded? Especially with the GFX... I mean, did the PC not get the texture & visual upgrades ?! Someone please explain the differences between the PC and One versions if you canWish I could get refunded..."
76561198134911581,Not Recommended,329430,16676256,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,buzzer,wow why did i get this paying for a update cheers undead labs oh and thanks for the promised mulityplayer jk
76561197969628949,Not Recommended,329430,15793503,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,ImAGodDmnDragn,"So I'll start off by saying I loved the original State of Decay game, I wrote a review on it a while back highly recommending it.  However, I can't recommend this game due to the fact that I feel it should have been an update rather than its own seperate game.  If you own State of Decay, Breakdown, and Lifeline, you have no reason to get this game.  The extra mission and character are not worth the $20 price tag.  The items it adds are basically the same items that already exist with a different skin making them worthless to the package.If you don't have the original State of Decay game but were thinking of picking it up, this is a great value and, in that situation, I could recommend the game.  Otherwise, if you already own the games, steer clear of this game."
76561198018721220,Not Recommended,329430,23198665,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Lord Favillderpmort,its a paid update
,Not Recommended,329430,31197929,Posted: 17 April,all,Tekoppar,"Zombies spawning right behind you still haven't been fixed, good lord."
,Not Recommended,329430,15613399,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,madmaxsin,"If you have the original State of Decay do not buy this.  I feel ripped off. Lots of frame rate drop.  The wall issues are not fixed, if anything it is worse.  20 bucks down the drain so far.   I love the original.  Played it for hours but this blows.  Better textures, not much of a difference in my opinion.    Maybe it needs patched to run smoother.  If I can fix my jerkyness in play.  Thew original is fairly smooth on my pc, but this version jerks around and makes it hard to control your play.I ignored reviews that said this but I guess I just don't listenDon't waste 20 bucks, can not recommend."
,Not Recommended,329430,15604049,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Shadow,"The games bugs are still there also: It's the same game, All It has is one DLC that is new abd Guess what It is????? A Gun, A axe and a car. Also a Rare Character that's just going to get added into the game 6 months from now. Half the mods work. Half of them don't."
76561197975566598,Not Recommended,329430,15633344,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,krozman,"If you've never played this game before, this is a really good one, with many many hours of enjoyment and challenge for the money spent.  If you're thinking of upgrading and you've already played this game........don't.  The ""upgraded features"" are really nothing worth spending any amount of money over.  It's disappointing in that nothing is different other than a few features that don't really matter."
76561197983767679,Recommended,329430,23145567,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Knox,"I have to recommend this game. I cannot in good conscience not do so. You see, I came late to the party, and so bypassed the controversy that followed the release of this 'Year One Edition', which includes the dlcs Breakdown and Lifeline.If you have not played State of Decay, then pay no attention to SOME of the reviews for this game, they are very much biased and tainted by that controversy that happened long ago which you can read more about in one of the other reviews I am sure.This game has a lot going for it. It is very close to the type of zombie-game I was looking for for many years. An actionpacked 3rd person game, much in the style of some earlier 'GTAs', with a focus on base- and resource management.Gather your group of survivors,  recruit new people, complete missions and interact with other survivor-groups. Scavenge for resources to use in upgrading and protecting your base and people; or move your entire base elsewhere on the map! All in a semi-open world yours to explore. Just be careful! Cars may break down, and if you get caught alone during the night by a horde be prepared to run!A word about the dlc Lifeline. To some extent, I found this campaign to almost more enjoyable than the base game. Maybe it was just the setting, which is more urban in Lifeline. The mechanics are the same, although you cannot move your base around in Lifeline. This doesnt matter, as the base you start with in this dlc has a lot of potential and is scene to some great defensive action. Call in snipers and air support as you try to defend your base of operations when the hordes get alerted to your presence, before gathering up your most experienced soldiers and go on a supply run, or try to rescue VIPs.Also. State of Decay has permadeath for your survivors, and actions may have consequences. I lost one of my earliest party members because I didn't get his medicine in time... I didn't know there was an actual time-limit. Be prepared to deal with it!I experienced no bugs, crashes or any other technical issues worth mentioning with the game as of early 2016. No worries.There arent many of these types of games in the 'zombie-genre', which I think is a shame. If you think the same, then I highly recommend Year One Edition to any newcomers.All the best."
76561198053252393,Not Recommended,329430,17067776,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,pikmonwolf,"Don't get me wrong, state of decay is one of my all time favorite games, but if you already own the origional version, do not buy this. It runs no better, has more bugs and is just an all around meh upgrade. If they fixed some of the bugs (LIKE DOC HANSONS DUAL PERSONALITIES WHICH HAS BUGGED ME SINCE BREAKDOWN WAS RELEASED) Then I'd say buy this game and never look back."
,Not Recommended,329430,15613814,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Crusader,"Another money-sucking game which is a previous state of decay with built in dlc and lightly moded. Dev probably used notepad’s to add more zombies here, less supplies add some textures and paint variations for cars ( which look horrible and some spots),3 new cars, few new weapons and 1 new mission. That’s all, yup. There is 1080p which you won’t see because everything still awfully made, thou they make it all shinny and brighter , textures are so bad in some places that you won’t believe that this game was made in 2015. By the remastered edition they prolly meant SoD with full pack of old bugs( and new one), optimization problem whith frame rate drops while steam overlay is enable or boarder bug. Also note at 5th screenshot of steam store where zombies hand is clipping, even on advertisement pictures it has problems. Also if you go on official deadlab forums you will see how they mock people who says how bad it is and mostly same accounts ( some even new) tell how great this game is. So if you new to this game get ready for full pack of bugs, if you are returning player only new what you will see is ONE new character IF you buy it before offer end and 1 new mission. If you really want make SoD look better just get original one and go to nexusmod site and get better stuff then this ""new rubbish"".10/10 for greed of developers and advertisement to make it worth of purchase, 0/10 for effort to fix bugs and really improve it."
76561197991363845,Not Recommended,329430,15730347,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,TheMuffinMan,What did i pay for? This should of been a game update.....
,Not Recommended,329430,15612936,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,The.Leo,"Can someone please explain to me how a ""remastered"" version of a game can be more poorly optimized than the original? ♥♥♥♥ing blows my mind how this trash made it past QA."
76561198016810612,Not Recommended,329430,24492255,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,The entire population of China,"It was fun at the beginning, gathering stuff and survivors, building shelters, shooting Zeds, meeting new friends(NPCs). But after a while it all gets bored.This is what I've been feeling so far:（1）'Oh the construction is down, you gotta do something!'（2）'Oh one of our guys is SAD/ANGER/FEAR/TRAPPED, you gotta do something!'（3）‘Oh we found a survivor out there, you gotta do something!'（4）’Oh hey, I have something I need to deliver to next door, I am a lazy F*ck, so.......... you gotta do something!'（5）'OH could you please take 5 minute drive to the next town to pick up an NPC, then another 5 minute  drive back home to pick up some bullets which you already have on you but we just want you to take more. And at last drive back to the next town so this NPC can get off this dumb car and disppear into a wall. No big deal, we just wanna f*ck things up. So.................you gotta do something!'（6）'Oh you are 6000M away from home? Well, we've heard a survivor got trapped by zombies next door, even if you don't show up, he/she would still survive any way. But if you don't show up in 1 minute, your fame would decrease, well you know, not for a particular reason, just because we can. So.........you gotta do something!'（7）'Oh thanks for inviting me to join your zombie hunt. It's been awhile since I got outside...... OMG!!! Zombies up ahead!! I am gonna stand here and do nothing. But if you start shooting, I am gonna stand in front of your gun and eat all your bullets, so I can destroy our relationship, and I will blame you because you shot me!'  *scumbag NPCsWHY I bother finding all the survivors any way, I gotta do everything myself.And BTW, the building instruction is not clear, I upgraded one of the rooms to level two, and.....................'Oh! looks like we need a library to continue' ......yep just when I ran out of space to build something new. F*CK it.The game concept is nice, I think it works even better on Multi-player mode or Co-op mode(if you guys would make this happen, just saying), but so far, NAH!(*with a sad face)OH , almost forgot......I think I have found a bug, the zombies often spawn inside a house which I just cleared 10 seconds ago. I mean they f*cking came out of nowhere. I spent 30 bullets and some intense melee fight against some wired looking zombies in a house, and 10 seconds later, BAMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM, 5 new spawn zombies standing in front of me. WTF?!CONTINUING MY GAME PLAY AND COMMENTS:(01/08/2016)Well I spent 88RMB ( roughly around 13.3USD) on this game, so............gotta dig deep.PS: all your upvotes and subscribes are awsome!!!Spent some more time digging into the game, well, as above the missions are boring ( mostly), and the building part is kinda out of date.This time, let's talk about AI.The AI in the game is, well, I have been looking on google to find the proper word, but....well, let's just use 'BAD' this time. Yep, it's bad. Here are some exsamples:(1) Always walk in front of your car, you hit one of them? DECREASE FAME!!!!(2) Sometimes they rush into a group of zombies instead of taking them out one by one, they get too much injury, they die, and consequences？DECREASE FAME!!!!This gets worse during missions, especially rescue mission. You got your a*s in danger to get ONE/SOME of the NPC(s) out, when you just want them to get in the car so you can go home and end this sh*t. If a zombie approaches, well, they gonna fight to death. I mean, hey! WTF? Just get in the f*cking car!!!(3) I don't know if it's my fault or AI on this one, if you are driving a pickup truck, the NPCs would mostly choose to sit on the trunk ( I am not sure if it's called 'trunk', if I am wrong, pls tell me ) where they can be attacked by zombies. Why? Because it's Murica???(4) This happen quite often. One of your neighbours ask you to kill a special zombie. When you finish the mission, your neighbour would just walk home, and would be attacked by Zs on the way. That sounds dumb.(5) I gave guns and bullets to everyone in camp, but if I ask one of them to go on a mission with me, they would prefer using knives and pipes, which is more dangerous, because they gotta get closer to the Zs. ( This of corse could be fixed by installing AI MODS to make them choose guns as priority, and I did. But if you guys can fix it 'officially', that would be great )THAT'S ALL FOR NOW.I WILL SHOW YOU MORE NEXT TIME.AND AS ALWAYS.................................STAY ALIVE!!!"
76561197990337637,Not Recommended,329430,15599735,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Squizzle,"-The game plays at 24 fps at 1080p and at 720p, super bad graphical lag.-It does not support sli.-Textures look nothing like the pictures.-Game is unplayable at any resolution due to frame rate.I am playing on a $4,000 computer that plays all the new games at 40-60 fps while in 4k resolution. For some reason this game cant play at more then 24 fps at 720p resolution.If I wanted to buy the game again and have it look like crap I would have bought 11 xbox ones instead of a bad♥♥♥♥♥gaming pc."
,Not Recommended,329430,15610670,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,๖Astar†es,"greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s...good luck in♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥up SOD2 with ""year 1 !!!patch!!! for 30$"""
76561198016782188,Not Recommended,329430,31993882,Posted: 27 May,all,V I D A L,"It's a great game, but if you already own the original, I can't possibly recommend buying this. It's a paid patch... worse yet, the game still extremely unpolished and full of glitches."
76561198207607040,Not Recommended,329430,15645308,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,ChinaNumberOne,"First of all, please allow me to say this: purchasing this game is kinda wast of money.They did remaster the graphic and everything. The journal and radio menus looks different, but just the look is different. You can get the new character and more new items from the gameplay which is very interesting. But that's about it.I feel like they rebalanced the game difficulty but they did that in a horribly wrong way. When I first openned this game and played for 1 hour I deleted it on the spot then I went back to play the first one, I really like the first one better. To be honest I love the Lifeline DLC better from all the chapters, and the reason is that you can start a base with basic amount of resourse and gain influence in a certain ways. But in YOSE you can't get the influence in the old ways. I can't say it's not that easy anymore, I'd rather say its confusing.I think the producer didn't know what players are actually looking for. Instead of making this new edition, they should have just release a new DLC, OR, release a patch for everyone to download.The price on this thing is not that reasonable.I wouldn't suggest anyone other than zombie games collectors to buy this game."
76561198008038089,Not Recommended,329430,15804627,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Genfík,"I love State of Decay... but hell with this edition I feel horribly cheated.new content?  new skins?  ..sorry to say.. even if I want to look at with pink glasses of fan...(maybe I am too old and blind). I dont see much difference compared to original (/except: horrible problems to even make game to work.. like shaking desktop and unexpected crashes, related to memory leaks etc) ..so what we have here? > one new car.. one new person..  car from lifle-lines in whole game & one new mode ""die yipping on random army crate drop""  ..+ primaeval bugs like > zombies entering building ""half underground"" or through closed door , or simply jumping from nowhere  + ""few"" new bugs  are introduced (maybe that is you are paying for) .such.like disapearing cars in area of mission interest..Soo dissapointedConclusionIf you dont own original serie... buy it ,  its teh same as original.. with minor adds and some flaws which will be hopefully patched. and game be worth every invested penny..If you own original serie.. avoid it.. othervise you will feel like me... cheated ..this YOSE edition entirely broke my trust as customer. cause I simply bought same game twice."
,Not Recommended,329430,31634147,Posted: 8 May,all,taco.Mike Rayne,"I was 100% new to State of Decay when I purchased this edition. So I have no knowledge or experience with anything older than this.The game had great potential, but the ridiculous zombie spawns just really kill my vibe. If the zombies didn't have such ugly spawn issues, I would totally recommend this game. It's just not fun when you clear a house, go upstairs then downstairs, and find another 5 zombies. Just kills my 'want to' for this. Sorry guys, really wanted to love this one."
,Not Recommended,329430,15626395,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Xaikus,"New stuff:-New cars and car skins-New survivors and lifeline characters can be played in breakdown-New Incindiary shotgun-All weapons in this game can be played in all game modes (breakdown,vanilla and lifeline)-New mission named CleoThere are still bugs and issues from SOD that still exist in this game:-No one is in the watch tower even though someone is assigned this happen often especially in Snyder Warehouse-Survivors ignore the zombies even though they are already inside the base!-Zombies getting stucked for some reason-Random crashes and now more crashes than vanilla version-Survivors nagging about there is not enough materials but actually there is more than enough to build a structure or two-Zombies that were burned to death only shows animation but no fire effect sometimes when using incindiary rounds-Zombie claw attacks penetrate doors-Zombies and players still pass through walled objects and bounce back to their original place like an elastic effect (this happens especially in melee combat inside structures)-Ai still blocks doors when idle-Ai still attacks bloaters in melee-Zombies can climb though barbed fence (this happens in kirkman residence)-Animation issues when you roll over a group of zombies-Zombies pass through walls-Invisble flashlight (like the flash light is on yet survivors are not equipped with one and reminds me of old school CS)-Unfixed exploit where in you get exp on guns when aiming on a zombie who is dying/died because of throwable items (grenade, petrol bomb and a like)-Racksack becomes invisble when dropped and left for a certain duration however it can be still seen because of the marker of its contents and not the racksack itself-History:Ran Away trait is persist and can be only fixed after getting sick-Your progress in breakdown still progress even when you are not playing the game (the game is close/offline progress)and sometimes can cause death to your community if you did'nt finish some quest like locating a missing community member. There is no way you can disable this so far.-If you have tons of weapons in your locker there is no way to sort things out (everything is unorganized and you need to find stuff  that you need manually which is a total eyesore)And even new issues like:-The game starts at windowed mode and solved by using alt+enter-Alt tab will not really tab your window instead it will resize/restore the game-You cannot adjust the graphics in an advance manner in such away that you can only adjust the gamma, resolution and video settings (low-ultra) and not things like shadow, anti-aliasing and so on-Random FPS drop for some reason-Undead labs claim that ""Facilities from Lifeline will be available in all versions of the game"" however when I try to play breakdown I dont see this facilities as buildable structures like generator for example. Source:https://forums.undeadlabs.com/threads/everything-we-know-about-state-of-decay-year-one-survival-edition.47074/-Zombies teleport when in focus aim-Character change now has loading time for some reason-Animation Issues when in combat at an elevated terrain (stairs for example) that causes animation issues sometimes-Incindiary shotgun shells kills without flame effect does not count for phoenix achievement this happens when managed to kill a zombie at medium range or sometimes at a short distance-Chemical Incindiary damage does not damage zombies immidiately and only triggers when you aggro them (this happens sometimes especially when undetected)-Fires penetrate wallsFixed issues from SOD version:-Unresponsive ai combat system-Pixelated blood/gore-Not so dark when its evening compared to vanilla version making things more easier to see at night-Improved effects like dust particles, oil spill has now better texture and so many others-Juggernauts are nerfed-Ferals are now more dodgy-Improved handling for old school muscle car-Fixed issue on messed up shadows where the bomb is located at lifelineConclusion:This game is meant to attract new players and as a returning player this is an epic face palm in my face because I am expecting a lot of bug fixes and less issues but instead its the other way around and the devs laziness shows in the game itself like you cant sort out weapons in the stoage, most issues/bugs unfixed and cant even adjust the advance video settings of this game. P.S. If the devs are reading this please don't take this personally but instead a wake up call to fix things up!"
,Not Recommended,329430,15614130,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,K!dnick3lz,"it is true, The game is pretty much the same as the last time I played it, I was expecting more mechanics, on occassion some glitches would even more be noticable. At this current state, I would not recommend if you bought it before, If it's new to you, Then purchase the game to try it. But for $20 , I was annoyed."
76561197962894204,Not Recommended,329430,15603275,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Viking [Udür],"I'm gonna have to join the chorus here and say this really doesn't feel like a remaster. It's still glitchy, driving is still wonky, and your companions are still pretty dumb."
76561198291986978,Not Recommended,329430,22123529,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,YopLand,"omg i cant believe i paid to try and play, now that its fixed o have to pay again? this sucks i wouldnt download this game if your on pc, the xbox version isnt as buggy. I wasted my money on this and i just want a refund i spent 7 hours trying to config the game and now thats its been more than 2 i cant refund, i never even got to play, i just heard voices ;( lost a customer for life...."
,Not Recommended,329430,15603584,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,notrecksie,"I still cannot even give this game a ""maybe"" on principle. Undead Labs are finished updating this game and busy working on their new State of Decay MMO. Bugs from the original SoD are still mostly untouched.Whether it was Microsoft forcing the developers or the developers pushing out this insult matters not, what matters is that this launched as a $30 re-release of a game with hardly any new content, new technical issues and that the original version that worked somewhat consistently was removed from the Steam storefront.Do not reward this behavior."
76561198082145152,Not Recommended,329430,15644439,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Auntie Clarabell,"this is a very expensive and big game that could just as easily been a free updateother than a few differant cars, a few differant guns and a red circle around the thing you've selected on the menu screen, there seems to be no difference between this and the normal state of decay, for the  £15 i expected at least a new map.its a shame bcause the original game was fantastic and is one of my favourate games. i just didnt expect to be paying a full new game price for the same game over again."
76561198040128289,Not Recommended,329430,15760586,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,pride4mienh,"They took 2 steps foward and 10 steps backwards.  Game is really not worth the time or the money.  The main issues are horrible load screens that take forever to load up the game when started.  For some reason, the game loads every time you change survivors.  Survivors tend to wander off and constantly become missing and gain the stat of ""ran away,"" which is annoying.  The major nerfs on skills.  For example, Mighty weapons ability ""sweep,"" no longer knocks legs off of zombies like it used to.  It however does knock one zombie's legs at a time, which makes it pretty useless.  I do not reccomend getting this game, which should have been a DLC from the start.  If you plan on getting this game, I would reccomend getting the original State of Decay, the only difference would be combat and I guess that it is now in 1080p, which I really do not see a difference and a bunch of nerfs to your favorite abilities."
76561198033242276,Recommended,329430,31658773,Posted: 9 May,all,nextag,"Ok I get it! The Y.O.S.E. edition should have just been an update not a pay to add item. So with that said, let’s get to the review.As I write this SOD 2 is coming out (hopefully) by the end of the year. If you are looking to buy this now (5/9/17) go for it, just understand the sequel will be out soon.First this game dose have some replay value to it!  Especially if you chose to install the “QMJS Extended Functions Mod-V2.01 YOSE “mod. I have played over 100 hours and I still enjoy the game.The story line is pretty good (better than a lot of other games in this genre) but it’s not the Witcher series good.This game does a lot things right, but it also had many glitches and problems, some have been worked out with the YOSE release, and even more with the above stated mod. But there are still glaring problems. This doesn’t mean it is unplayable far from it.I think SOD 2 will be what this game was trying to be and I will leave it at that.Would I buy it again knowing what I know now? I think I would.I give it a Rating 5/7."
,Not Recommended,329430,15645900,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,WildAce375,"The developer said that the publisher required this for new gen consoles. All the bad reviews that say ""charging for a dlc"" are to be ignored. The publisher said it was intended for new audiences and they gave a discount to previous owners as much as they could. Most of the negative reviews are just uninformed people complaining.My bad review is because the textures don't seem to be upgraded much if at all. The ""1080p"" gives a massive fps loss. I can play Skyrim with 200 mods and all 2k textures with enb yet this game I have to play on lowest graphics setting. Horribly optimized.Also has a boat load of bugs."
76561198083532931,Not Recommended,329430,15618473,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,smashypeople,Waste of money if you played the original. I have the first one and this is pretty much just a few new cars and weapons. the graphics are in no way improved aside from a  littel gamma tweaking. also it has too many damn hordes. shady game
76561198051082755,Not Recommended,329430,15811989,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,E.,"I was already unhappy with the fact I had to pay 20 bucks for a game with minorly improved features but I like the first State of decay so I was like ""eh welll worth it"" Yeah I was wrong.First to the bugs, I never had much of a problem with them to speak of really and even now I still don't really, maybe a minor thing here and there but nothing that really makes it game breaking.However this game will freeze on me once I start playing maybe 15 minutes in, and i have around 5k worth of hardware on my rig so my PC is more then capable of playing this game, however the game freezes no matter what I do. The gamne also refuses to render to my srceen size properly, I never had these problems with the first state of decay never.I haven't gotten into lifeline yet so I have no comments there breakdown seems to run fine the only two major issuses i am having is what I stated. It also seems to slow down down at times on me.I thought I was buying a better optimizted state of decay with minor improvements thats fine, I never expected a whole new game they did not advertise it has such. However The dam game will not run properly, between crashes, freezes, resolution not working properly I could not recomend this game period.If you are new to the game, its worth 30 bucks once they fix these issueses however old vets like me with state of decay are not happy and we have a dam good reason to be unhappy, until they fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥ do not buy it period."
,Not Recommended,329430,15605605,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,The Gipper,Don't pre-order. Game runs and looks worse than the 360 version.
76561198029886094,Not Recommended,329430,15624430,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,rourou,"message to devs...................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\.."
76561198051061558,Recommended,329430,29937633,Posted: 15 February,all,>-RAIJE-<,"Watched Walking dead, searched for perfect zombie survival simulator, found it!Cant wait for State of Decay 2!"
,Not Recommended,329430,15599308,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Mr.Pie,Still Really Buggy with Zombies going into the ground and breaking barriers cant kill but The Wilkersons Keep on repairing. Cant even restart mission
76561197999102269,Not Recommended,329430,29112464,Posted: 8 January,all,Akrep,"I played the game long enough and enjoyed it (at least as much as it allowed me to enjoy it), but I do not recommend anyone to buy it.Here are the reasons:- Buggy as hell. There are bugs everywhere is this game. Physics system is really bad. Characters clipping through doors and solid objects... Oh the vehicle physics are disastrous. And UI has some serious issues.- Performance is really bad. I mean really really bad for this kind of game. The performance is garbage really. I can't find anything else to say about it.- Story is meh (for original game) but God, things are so SO SO repetitive. Every day, one of your survivors has an anger or fear problem where you need to take them somewhere and kill some zombies, and bring 'em back to base. These kind of events are really poorly executed. Game throws tons of this kind of missions (like a neighbour needing help or one of people getting stuck scavanging etc..) It is impossible to keep up with it without frustration. But after a while you realize that these missions are not that critical to complete, as punishments for not completing them are not that severe.- AI is really crappy. Good for zombies but not for human characters. They walk on recently molotoved area, then start screaming, burning and running around like crazy. (You also loose trust points for this) In melee combat, they rarely finish downed infected, instead they swing and swing and swing until they run of stamina or get overrun by infected.Breakdown DLC is a total waste of time (and money). You play in same city layout level after level, only getting an increase in difficulty. And there is no story there, just randomly generated events and stuff, nothing interesting.Lifeline is a good DLC for its story and action packed nature of it but even it will frustrate you until you figure out what is what and learn how to deal with incoming horde attacks (Tip: Make good friends with grenade launcher and base vantage point)."
,Not Recommended,329430,15603653,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Alliedwar,You might as well just stick with the original if you already have it. Nothing in this release justifies a new release of the game. Barely any new content and the graphics upgrade is hardly that. The character still don't have animated faces and you still can't skip cut scenes. It's ridiculous!
76561197960482741,Not Recommended,329430,15606117,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,[C.JFF]redknight,sucked  can't turn in the game  movement keys need lot work to make the game  even worth trying to play
76561198009779678,Not Recommended,329430,19232801,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,KatArus,"To be honest, I've never expected that much from MMORPG developers trying to make single player sandbox community-building zombie survival game. Endlessly respawning zombies, poor AI, shallow story and primitive gameplay were inevitable, but there's more to it that could've been done right.In the end, there are two points of view: as an xbox console game, even with all of it's flaws and drawbacks, it's a masterpiece not because it's good, but because there is no better alternative. As a PC gaming product, however, it can be described with a single word: mess. Literally none of the game's systems are working good enough. It's been nearly 2 years since original release and it didn't get any better.You can build yourself a base of your liking but there are facilities that are essential to build and those that have completely negligible effects so there is never a choice. On a first glance your people seem to be a community but after a few days you realise that they're just a bunch of drones: they don't establish friend/enemy/couple relationships, events about fights, jealousy or interpersonal dislike are completely random and random community members are 'picked' to participate, when a community member dies two random members will get a morale hit etc so both base and community building aspects are a mess too.What there remains? Hoarding? Your base stash has only 255 slots, so eventually you'll have to waste your time clearing it out every game day or two. Spent two hours gathering supplies to train your characters next day? Too bad, they got overwritten by your facilities' daily output and you have 5 items instead of 105. Character progression? Your favourites will get killed through a wall, when all floor two zombies fall through the ceiling while you're clearing first floor and tear you apart or your car turns over near two zombie hordes because someone inside farted.In the end I can only recommend it as a cheap and glitchy Dead Rising substitute. However you probably should play Dead Rising itself instead.P.S. Imagine yourself a grown up person that claims to be a skilled game developer. This person spends half an hour trying to get inside a blue public restroom and finally pisses oneself just because of being unable to realise that door opens outwards, not inwards. Pathetic? Definitely. Funny? Perhaps, but not so when you realise that it's your employee that you've sent half an hour ago to deliver some very urgent documents which had to be driven across town within 15 minutes or you'd lose a 1 million $ contract."
76561198034151611,Not Recommended,329430,15720799,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Bovrinox,"THIS IS A SCAM!If you have got the original version of this game, DO NOT buy this one. It is EXACTLY the same, absolutely NOTHING has changed.Pirates.The only addition is one character, and a ""special"" SUV, which is, yup, you guessed it, identicle to all the rest. Yeah, sure its got a Camo paint job, but when its covered in zombie blood its the same. Same loot space, same health, the lot.As for the character? Meh, they are all the same any way pretty much, just looks a bit different. Sound familiar?Pirates.Also, as of now, there are no mods that work on this version as far as I'm aware, so yeah sure, its not a bad game, but the first one is better, as it can be modded. And it needs modded. The first game wasnt finished, in my opinion, and neither is this one.PiratesDont even buy this if you have money to burn, you'd be better off doing just that. This is exactly what is wrong with game development companys, and Gaming in general, They seem to think that they can do whatever they please, charge you a ridiculus price for it, and get away with it. Imagine it was something like a new car, which claimed it was overhauled, and better than the previous version, but when you buy it, all they have done is change the colour of the seat-covers. Would you be satisfied? I think not."
,Recommended,329430,15600319,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Dan,"I'm reviewing this game as someone whoDID NOTplay the original title. I understand people are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that they have to pay for this having already bought the original.The best way of describing this game is that it's a mixture of Theme hospital(lol), gta, dead rising and DayZ. The gameplay mechanics are massively rewarding and the base upgrading and scavenging/looting system are really well done.I've noticed quite a bit of clipping, lackluster textures for a PC title. and pretty shameful graphic options. On the Ultra preset it looks OKAY. you can expect to run it maxed out @ 60fps on the 6 series of Nvidia cards and above.Driving feels pretty horrible after playing straight from GTA5 also.The gameplay, progression system and rewarding base upgrading together with pretty satisfying combat makes the graphic niggles and driving not such of a big deal, though. Great game so far."
76561198155332762,Not Recommended,329430,20631644,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,drcamburn,"This is a hard one. I really really REALLY want to like this game. Its got all the elements for what should basically among the best zombie survival games ever. Usable cars, scavaging for loot and supplies, hundreds of weapons, base creation. But the massive set backs completely ruin this game. I'm not talking about the fact is basically the same game as the standard version. But instead things more key to the gameplay.The main thing that ruins this game for me is just how ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and useless the player controlled characters are. They usually cant do their automatically assigned jobs, most of them have no skills at all when you recuit them (apart from special heros), they wont use guns most of time, depending on what gun they have they usually cant effectively use it (seriously what the hell is wrong with ai and shotguns in this game), and none of them seem to understand the importance of always having someone on the watchtower (which as the main/only real defence your actual base has)  leaving you contantly open to attack. It doesnt sound like much but its just so frustrating when all your high level characters permadeath after spending hours training them up, just because they dicided to try to hit the massive boss zombie with a stick, rather than fire an assault rifle at it.The scavenging on this game also feels like a waste of time, in most of my playthroughs i dont bother taking a lot of the supplies as the most common items are way to common, all my bases have enough food to open a supermarket after about 2 hours of playing, whereas materials are almost impossible to find. Along with other low level weapons, melee weapons and pistols are never usually worth picking up, and in most cases even bullets aren't even that worth encumbering yourself with as you typically only use rifle rounds, and after a few hours of play you can just make them yourself. With no console command or no weapons dealer the very rare guns are basically impossible to get. It really needs balancing and the supplies need to be better distributed.Breakdown. The main DLC to play is a nice idea in theory but rapidly becomes boring. All that changed are the zombies slowly level up as you go. I cant believe theres 100 levels of breakdown, My personal best is 6, then i get bored and play something else. With no variation in levels you always start a level, loot the army bases looking for the rare guns, then build up which ever base is your favourite. Theres no side missions or random events to keep the levels fresh, its just a rinse and repeat affair. The only thing that keeps you going is the hope you stumfble along a new weapon, but its not really enough to base a game around.All in all its a game that shows lots of promise but gets let down by a few massive issues that just sap the fun from the game."
76561198007704520,Not Recommended,329430,15896446,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,the84thmac,"I really want to love this game.  I had 50 hours on the previous version and I have logged 5 hours of what was supposed to be a really awesome SOD weekend for me.  There are a few perks to buying this game:-The graphics are an improvement.-There are a few bonuses for buying the YOSE edition.-The game is based on one of my favorite games for the PC.The problems that will make me not recommend this game:-There are buggy zombies that appear to morph between/on top of/and around walls.-I have had to restart my computer 15 times in the five hours that I have played!-I have followed every direction on the dev's forum, on their own website, and on recommendation pages that I found on Google, and the longest I have been able to play without a restart is 30 minutes!When I bought the original version of SOD I lived with the glitches because they, at worst, caused the game to crash and there was a fairly forgiving autosave, but this is ridiculous!  This project seems not to have addressed the most infuriating aspect of the original game.  How am I supposed to enjoy a game when I have to reset my PC every 20 minutes?  Then I get the joy of finding that one of the developer's solutions is to reduce the resolution of my monitor to 1280X720!  If one of the selling points of this patch was the resolution upgrade, why wasn't it taken into account that PC gamers would have high quality monitors?  Overall I will say that I am having a great time with this game, and if the dev offers a substantial update to help with stability issues, I will change my review, but I can't recommend that anyone buys this game without taking into consideration that you will have moments of mad fury when you are driving back to your home base and your screen suddenly jerks to a stop... try to remember where you were at your last autosave, because your truck (that was probably full of supplies) is probably still all the way out there.For me, I will not play this game again until a patch comes through.  I regret spending the money on a studio that sold me a broken product."
,Not Recommended,329430,15619947,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,DEAKINNUMBERONE,fix the bugs please they have been here since the last game and upgrading to this version did not fix any of them
,Not Recommended,329430,15649622,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,kalohepirate,"Sometime to much of a good thing is too much.  The new graphics look great, it keeps crashing every 2 minutes.  I know its a great game and it looks great but unless I can get it too run without crashing its worthless. If you have the original don't buy it."
76561198045351656,Not Recommended,329430,15622283,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,GxGamer,"Worst rip-off ever.Its the same freaking game with the same freaking bugs. Building materials are still not consumed at a change of the base. Zombies are still spawning in fences, glitching through walls etc.Only new things are some cars, paintings and animations. Some of the new animations are also buggy.The game itself is still laggy like hell, even worse than the original. Now you have a loading screen if you switch the character.Dont buy this crap."
76561198114682269,Not Recommended,329430,15665424,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,gavincox2013,"I hate to say this from being a big fan of 'State of Decay' and looking forward to this new release so much, but at the moment this game is unplayable!  The mouse alignment is completely out therefore youcan't click on items, characters etc!   I have noticed other people saying about picture quality etc which look great to me.  All I care about is playerability and an amazing game to get through the humdrum of life, but at the moment until the problems arefixed this game is a big flop!  Come on guys pull your finger out and get this fixed so you have another amazing game!"
76561197962733843,Not Recommended,329430,33053011,Posted: 30 June,all,GhostEye,"There are a lot of promising features, but in the end everything just feels disjointed and not at all like a cohesive game.  The combat is VERY repetitive and clunky, which is a terrible combination for a game with perma-death.  I would say just avoid combat, but almost every single ""mission"" in the game was go to house X and clear out the zombies, or defend the house for a period of time.  The timed defense missions are basically, stand in the house and hold E to board up windows for 10 minutes.The other problem I have, is that the game has real-time building and character fatigue.  This means you could be waiting 30 real world minutes for that workshop to complete, or if all your playable characters become fatigued, your options are: Sit in the base and wait for 30-2hr for their fatigue to go down, or just close the game and play something else.  I opted for the latter.TLDR: A zombie survival simulator with lots of downtime and poorly thought out mechanics.I've requested a refund for this game."
76561198045985008,Not Recommended,329430,15636461,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Plop,"If you already own and are happy with SoD (and DLC's) in it's current form, then I would say no don't get YOSE.I don't feel that the improvements are worth $20. If I did better research and known what I know now, I wouldn't have bought it (yeah that's my fault)I honestly think UL took advantage of their loyal fanbase. People that have the original and DLC's shouldn't have to pay extra to get the same game with improvements that should have been patched into the game. I was playing for a few hours and the improvements are barely noticable.I wouldn't mind paying a reasonable amount of money for some new content like a map, melee weapons and different dialogue. Yes Lily you can get annoying. Anyway, it is partially my fault for not doing my research, but I still feel cheated.I would recommend SoD to NEW players because it is pretty awesome.I see people saying that UL didn't have much choice and the publisher's made them push out the ""remastered"" version. I don't know whether that's true or not. But let's not sugarcoat it, it's clearly a $20 patch."
,Not Recommended,329430,15686094,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,lean and crumpets,"SoD: YOSE Day One Edition sure as hell isn't a graphical improvement (at least that much) over the old State of Decay, but it still is as fun. If you still have the original State of Decay, it's just cheaper to buy the respective DLCs rather than YOS. Unless you like extra items and random car colours. If you do, help yourself."
,Not Recommended,329430,15618437,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Geischfelt96,"Another cash grab.  Would've done better as a 5-7$ DLC.  Just like all the other DLCs, this is what happens when you sign on with microsoft.  Really not enough polish or new features.  Some of the animations are different, but the combat mechanics are pretty much identical.  I have yet to notice anything but very small changes.  The graphics don't honestly seem that much better, either.  For 30$ I expected much much more."
,Not Recommended,329430,18497157,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Wulf,"First time it loads up and its windowed ... so I set it to max res and hit alt enter ... play a bit then exit.Then I go to start it again and it just shows a black screen and sets my monitor to 640x480 ....Unplayable, will be seeking a refund"
,Not Recommended,329430,15648347,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Jagher_21,absolutely dissapointing (subject to change) they talked about how they wanna give more and do more for the fans. this game does not even open for me and undead labs are NOT responding to this matter. very very disappointing.what a shame... shame shame shame !!!
76561198008217479,Not Recommended,329430,15815881,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Placing Claymores!!!,"I love and hate this game. The ""upgrades"" are minimal and not worth what they ask for. Hate may be a strong word, but this game fell way short of what if could of been, and the enjoyment is broken up frequently by bugs and other short comings, like the horrible seemingly forgotten ending of the campaign. There are a lot of other things that seem to have been left out or forgotten that could've helped the game a lot. The bugs are very very noticeable and plenty. Probably noticeable due to that fact that it has some great potential. All the old bugs are still there and now some new ones with this ""upgraded"" version. As much fun as it is, and I do keep playing it a lot, I just can't bring myself to recommend it to others. Save your money especially if you already have the original. Hopefully the developers read these reviews and see that there is a lot of interest in this game and will make an all new one that doesn't fall so short like these ones have."
,Not Recommended,329430,15619003,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,LPSNxRainingBlood343,I pre-ordered this game thinking hey I loved the game itself why not go ahead and buy the remastered version. Then I started playing the game off the bat my mouse was no where near where it was really pointing. So at the home screen trying to choose the DLC/gamemode I had to put my mouse in the top right corner to get the regular version. Along with that it took much much longer to load and I was just think well they did give it better textures it could just be that. When it finally loaded it looked excatly the same nothing had changed at all it is the same exact game. The only real difference is that half of the mods of the game either don't work right or they just crash the game. As far as this game is right now all they did was repost their game and do a few tweaks that messed up the game. It is such a waste of money just go and buy the original it is a whole lot better then this piece of junk. Come on creators get your stuff together.
,Recommended,329430,28193555,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Adam,"ORIGINAL REVIEW / TL;DR:Best zombie game on the market. All it needs is co-op, and we're getting that with State of Decay 2.NEW REVIEW:I didn't expect this to become the top review, so I'm rewriting this review...First off, many of the negative reviews for this game are those who bought SoD before YOSE came out. I agree with these negative reviewers that this is a sham deal on the publisher's part making people pay for a repackaging of the game. YOSE is essentially SoD with all the DLCs and improved graphics, so if I had bought SoD before YOSE came out, I'd be upset too.State of Decay is certainly a different type of zombie game, as it is one that you can play at your own pace and unlike many other zombie games you actually work to try to form a civilization out of the apocalypse. I haven't played every single zombie game, but I've played ones like L4D, CoD Zombies, The Walking Dead, DayZ, 7 Days to Die. SoD is definitely my favorite out of these because it couples an open world with characters that have personalities that can grow onto you. So I guess you could call this game a cross between the Walking Dead and DayZ.Another thing that makes this game more interesting is character death. Once a character dies in a playthrough, they stay dead for good. This has resulted in me deleting my save at one point because my best character got killed in an attack. It certainly changes the dynamic of the game, and even the characters who remain alive address the death of a character.The game is very well developed mechanically. I never ran into any game breaking glitches during my first playthrough, if any glitches at all, honestly. The game is good on this aspect, although the game still has a bit to be desired in the graphics department. I don't mind that seeing as this game is about two years old and never saw a physical release until YOSE released on Xbox One.Now for actual gameplay:In short, the game is fun to play. Melee combat (which is the majority of what you'll be doing in SoD) flows very smoothly, with fluid hacking, slashing, and swinging animations. It doesn't look like you're swinging at air when you're trying to fight off zombies. Shooting is also a lot of fun. The reload times are pretty realistic (meaning they're not very fast). This can make or break the game for you, depending on who you are, but I personally love it. You also can't spray everywhere with automatic weapons and hit your targets like you can in other shooters. I think the devs did a great job overall with combat.Driving is okay, I wish the vehicles were a bit faster/more durable than they are. Also on vehicles, they can't be modded with things like bullbars, armor, etc. Although the driving in game isn't great, it isn't unbearable either. It works well for what it is, and running over a horde of zombies is always a blast.Scavenging is also a lot of fun. Essentially, you comb through buildings, landmarks, etc. for supplies to bring back to your settlement. The types of supplies vary (food, medicine, ammo, etc.) When you find supplies, you can only carry one rucksack-full at a time, so it's always best to bring a vehicle with you and possible other people from your settlement to scavenge with you. Supplies also don't respawn in the buildings you scavenge as far as I know, so you can play at your own pace as long as you can find supplies. I'm sure anyone can finish the game before they run out of places to loot so this isn't really a problem.The single complaint I have about this game is that there's no multiplayer, but that doesn't really stop me from having a lot of fun with this game. It has so much replay value. Co-op will be coming in SoD 2, though.I barely scratched the surface of this game while writing this, there is so much more to this game than what I went over. It is certainly worth full price in my mind, so give it a go. Definitely buy it if you see it on sale, though. You won't regret it. 9.5/10."
,Not Recommended,329430,15616277,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Simon1279™,"This is just the old State of Decay but including the 1920 x 1080 resolution patch and all DLCs, the game is great but for its price i'd suggest you to buy Miscreated which is a brand new game still under development, running on cryengine 3 and it is a multiplayer game while SoD does not have one, and Miscreated costs less than SoD, and the devs are an independent company and they're working hard, SoD is from Microsoft robbers"
76561198056928564,Not Recommended,329430,17496992,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Arrogant Worm,"Now, I love state of decay, don't get me wrong. I have it on my 360 and I loved it and thought ""Hey, base game, tad better graphics, all the dlc, and some extra vehicles. What could go wrong? Now I do like this game but whether it is just mine or all of the copies in general, I suffer from awkward controls with this game. I kind of awkwardly navigate my way through the menu trying to figure out what key does what.Do not get me wrong, I love this game but compared to what I found on the xbox, it's not quite there. I think this game needs a bit more work because in the screens it has in the corners ""LB"" and ""RB"". I realize, that might just be there for controllers, but why must they be there when there are no controllers present? I mean, it took me a few seconds to figure out what tab was and that I can't use my mouse on the main menu. All these things, though minor agitated me.I enjoy state of decay, and right now I am redownloading it because I love this game. How ever with these few pestering features I see no reason to really buy this. On top of that, the games creators, undead labs, has removed, to my knowledge, state of decay, the original one from the store. This agitates me and it really bothers me. I really do suggest others play this game, but not for $32.99 CAD. This is a poor excuse for an updated version and I think that if you are going to purchase it, don't get this version. Try your best to find the base version because hopefully you won't suffer those pestering mess of controls.5/10"
,Not Recommended,329430,15625559,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Magzyyy,"For new players:If you want to play state of decay well you should probably get this because this is much better version compared to the first one. (negative reviews come from returning players who were disappointed because of the glitches that were not fixed from the original one)For returning players:The game is still enjoyable if you really like the game because they changed the combat mechanics and it looks better. Not to mention the more agile feral who can't be bumped by a car easily.My personal comments:- I thought this so called ""remastered"" would fix the weird zombie pathfinding. --'- Barely even noticed the graphical changes, but the changes are sweet.- improved combat mechanics but there are some things that needs to be fixed.- more GAMMA yey. --,5/10Please save your money or atleast think twice. Not recommended for now."
,Not Recommended,329430,15629123,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,whatofirmon,"Consider this a first impressions. This review will be updated as I play more of it, yes despite this being a negative review I will be playing more of it.So, how do I feel after playing the 'beautifully remastered' version of one of my favourite games? Rather disheartened and more than a little disappointed. Even within just over 30 minutes of gameplay I can see that not much has changed and by no means is this remastered.If you already own the previous version then keep playing that. This so far offers not much in the way of improvement never mind anything new in the way of gameplay.What I will say is that the trees look so much smoother and lighting is simply amazing compared to the original. Most textures are that bit smoother but where it really starts to fall apart is the people. I don't know if they look worse or if it is because the background looks better that the flaws/faults of their rather... clunky features just seems to shine through. Oh and for those who have played the previous version remember what a delight it was to have zombies clipping halfway through walls/windows and such? Yep. Still happening.I realise I do not have that much time in this game but as somebody who has put in close to 100 hours into the original game and owns the DLCs for the original after half an hour I just feel rather disappointed and wished to warn those who have the game, do not pick this version of the game! For those of you who do not have the original and want to pick this game up, wait. Wait for half price or some decent patches because this 'remastered' game in its current state is not worth it."
,Not Recommended,329430,15706378,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Larko-the-Great,"So all in all I enjoy this game. It has an interesting take and decent game mechanics. The game itself hits the zombie killing itch really well. There are some glitches here and there, but nothing I found to be game breaking. However, I've pretty much called it quits over one flaw. It randomly crashes. Not even gracefully. When it crashes randomly from what appears to be some graphical coding issue it gets trapped at a black screen. It is in full screen so it gets annoying trying to break it loose and kill the process. Not very difficult, but it really tries my patience. On principle I'm going to not recommend this game. Code hygiene is a basic. I understand crashing in mod-able games like with the TES series since things are more malleable by design. Even if a game has a crashing glitch it should at least redeem itself by way of a graceful CTD, and provide a crash dump to aid in troubleshooting."
76561198007842875,Not Recommended,329430,15661626,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,produno,"Meh, not worth the extra if you already own the first iteration of this game. The graphics dont seem to look as good as they do in the pictures.This should have probably been a DLC for the original rather than a new full release..."
,Not Recommended,329430,15619635,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Justin J (PuNk),"MY REVIEW WILL CHANGE IF ALL IS FIXED!i own both the original and this.the main thing that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off was they claimed 1080p is new, but i'm pretty sure i ran the first game (original release) in 1080p.this looks the same to me, graphics wise.the graphics settings/options in the game are the exact same as the original release. the highest is ultra....original release has that too.they need to add aa, graphics look choppy along the edges...you know the stairway affect? shouldn't have to force it in my graphics card.the game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ way to choppy, not enough graphics options. and my computer is way over-powered to run this, still choppy. the original runs fine, or at least better than this.MY SPECS:nvidia geforce gtx 980 (4gb video ram)32gb ddr3 (ram)intel i7core cpu at 3.6ghz (8core processor)2x 2tb hdds (4tb total)windows 7 ultimate 64 bitwater coolingplenty of fansplenty of free space hdd is defraggedsprayed out dust from inside computerif thee above can't run it perfectly, i doubt you can.the game doesn't look much different at all, if at all.they need to upgrade the graphics some more for this to have been worth my money, also need to release some new free content for this version, and fix the bugs. every last one of them or i will never buy a game these f***tard a**holes create again. this is a bulls**t release, should have been a patch, or dlc.EDIT: I have not seen any patches since the release of this game, and i found more bugs than the original. the game for some people will cap at 24fps unless you play in window. choppy gameplay even when capped 60 or higher fps do to random framedrops.STILL RUNS LIKE CRAP on this beast. DO NOT BUY UNTIL THIS IS ALL FIXED."
,Not Recommended,329430,17144899,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,tieio,"It's a slightly shinier version of the exact same game that we waited a long time for fixes for. Now the game I bought and paid for will not be fixed, instead I bought the game again. This is an unacceptable practice to me. I spent many hours helping with bug reports and testing in the last version to try and fix many of the glaring issues. Re-releasing the game in order to get these fixes is garbage. I accept that the updates in this new version could not simply be applied, but should the original not still be patched? At the very least there should be a very large discount for those who originally bought the first version of the game."
76561198030115231,Not Recommended,329430,15762926,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,RamKom,"Buggy. I even don't have a chance to play, because game runs strange. I can't point the mouse properly. And of course it is not worth it's money."
76561197971138176,Not Recommended,329430,15600104,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,DKsDEVIL,"I'm sorry, but have to provide half bad review of Yosefight syetemet have been really bad.it's as if you have no control over their person.I really look forward to this and hope they had polished it all, but it has not happened"
,Not Recommended,329430,15733343,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,kkirk71,"Mouse alignment wouldn't work on my computer, with no known fix to it gameplay was increasingly difficult. AI were useless in a lot of cases, driving anywhere was horrible, hard to set game to fullscreen, and the list of problems continues. I was incredibly excited for a survival game of this genre (group oriented) but on PC at least, this game fell way below my expectations. A waste of money."
,Not Recommended,329430,17739502,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Lee McClellan,"I love State of Decay, I've sunk over 200 hours into State of Decay, State of Decay is one of my favourite games ever. This? This is not State of Decay, at least not like I remembered. You might think that a Remaster, the so-called ""perfect version"" of this game would have less bugs or at least not add any new ones, right? Wrong. This version is BUGGIER than the original! I've seen zombies phase through walls like they are ghosts, zombie spawning seems off especially with regards to the specials (why the heck are there 3 ♥♥♥♥ING BIG UN'S spawning right next to each other on a street?) mission starts are off, its slower, I have to put the graphics to the lowest setting just to have a BARELY PLAYABLE experience. Why did I pay all this money for what basically amounts to a re-paint? There seems to be NO new content, I just do not see the value.Long story short, I do not think this game is worth the asking price if you have the original version. Other than some cosmetic changes there really isnt that much here. If you dont have the original, sure, buy it, it is a good game still. If you do, dont. Stick with the original. Like I said, I've sunk over 200 hours into that version. I doubt I'd do the same for this one."
76561198243702432,Not Recommended,329430,27594173,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Qingu,"I had fun with this game, but I can't recommend it due to a number of issues.The story:The storyline is extremely bland and forgettable. The story takes place in a cookie-cutter American zombie apocalypse universe. No suprises here. The characters and dialogue are just as bland as the setting. In all fairness, the storyline in Lifeline is actually somewhat interesting. It's still not great, but it actually has some suspense and drama to carry it forward.The voice acting:It seems like the minor survivors are voiced by 2, maybe 3 actors in total. I was regularly saving survivors with the same voice as Marcus. You'll hear the same lines of dialogue over and over again. Many of the character models are recycled too, it seems.The gameplay:The combat is pretty fun. Popping zombie skulls open with a well-placed bullet is always fun - can't really go wrong with that. The melee combat isn't too bad either. It's all pretty simple, but I don't really have any big complaints.Mechanics:Base management is simple and boring. There's no real strategy or depth to it. It feels really lazy, and it's a big missed opportunity to add some much-needed depth to the game. Base defense is buggy and obnoxious.My biggest complaint about the game is inventory management. There are several different types of painkillers that do the exact same thing but take up separate precious inventory slots. Weapons occupy backpack slots, whether or not you're holding them in your hands. The trunks and truckbeds in this game are the size of a suitcase apparently. A small pistol takes up the same amount of space as a grenade launcher. There's a weight system, but it only really exists to punish you for carrying the wrong combinations of items - it's not something you really care about, it's just an annoyance. You'll find yourself making constant trips back to base to drop off loot. I feel like I spent most of the game tediously managing my inventory and running loot back to my base.Summary:Driving around running over zombies is pretty fun. And there are lots of different guns to shoot zombies with, which is fun. But unfortunately the game suffers from a depressing lack of depth and polish."
,Not Recommended,329430,15621242,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Sempophai,Not worth buying if you own the original.
,Not Recommended,329430,21429465,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Seryin,"Since I absolutely loved the original game I wanted really badly to play this version of the game.However, the performance is insanely unbearable. Stutters and fps drops are consistent.I have waited months for some sort of noticable performance update or simply some better GFX settings beyond Low, Medium, High, and Maximum settings. But nothing.This is the first game that I am actually considering trying to request a refund for. Compared to other games I play, there is just no excuse for this from State of Decay. If I can put countless hours into ports made by Ubisoft than Undead Labs and Microsoft Studios should be able to make something remotely playable.And this whole rant was without even mentioning the fact that this version of the game holds nearly any difference to the original. The gameplay changes and visual improvements were incredibly minor. The greatest improvements were the integration of items and facilities between game modes/DLC. Something that should have been done originally from the contents release.I've resorted to playing the original game again. Albeit with some spite."
,Not Recommended,329430,15672028,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,demmacs - hellcase.com,Sorry but this game is so buggy... i cant even get it to be 1920/1080... w/o black boarders.... so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥annoying i have payed money for this game AGAIN??? wtf you release it so quick that it looks like the old one? feels like the old one ? nothing has really changed besides alot of bugs and new skins for cars ..... serious annoying when i am having a state of decay series going on on my yt... ffs
76561198031574316,Not Recommended,329430,17810464,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Ghesh,"I wouldn't recommend this steaming pile to anybody, when I first played this game I thought it was money well spent I couldn't even fathom how the game got a single bad review, but the more I played the more I realised why the game got bad reviews. The combat was one of the clunkiest i had ever seen for a third-person shooter I'd never be able to count the amount of times I had swung my weapon (like a barn door) without connecting with anything only to have the zombie jump on to me. And if the combat wasn't bad enough you would always be graced by some glitch such as entering cars and getting stuck inside and then watching zombies try to pull you out of the car but failing each time. All in all, I think the game had a great idea behind it but next time try and release a complete game. It's because of people not putting the effort in to finish anything, and that's why we're headed for a depression.(Edit: Buggier than any Bethesda game)"
76561197968301437,Not Recommended,329430,15603041,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,vurt,"This game is terrible, can't even play it because of the horrible shadows flickering all over the place. I googled this bug and even back in 2013 people had this issue. Obviously the developer is not interested in fixing it, or more likely; they're total amateurs and wouldn't know how to fix it.A supposed ""update"" that doesnt even fix a bug that makes the game unplayable for a lot of people, what a joke..NEVER support developers who don't care about the state of their game!"
76561198006643602,Not Recommended,329430,15612672,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Rand Al Thor,"Il start this by saying that if you are a new player you should give this a try, its one of the betterzombie games ive played in recent memory and its a fun romp.buuuut for people who has the original shlould stay clear of this title, the bugs that were in the old version remains in this one sadly and that simply wont do when you relase basically the same game one year later.the texture update is nice but one should not have to worry about starting a new game when one encounters a bug in a story mission (silliest of those are the zombie's that either turn invisible or fall down into the ground, wich basically means your SOL and JWF,♥♥♥♥♥♥out of luck and jolly well ♥♥♥♥ed)"
76561198021791156,Not Recommended,329430,15741352,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Lord Graystorm,Year-One Keeps crashing on startup.Every time I try to run year-one it immediately crashes and gives me this:Problem signature:Problem Event Name:	APPCRASHApplication Name:	StateOfDecay.exeApplication Version:	15.4.28.3802Application Timestamp:	553fbfceFault Module Name:	KERNEL32.dll!K32EnumProcessModulesFault Module Version:	6.0.6002.19346Fault Module Timestamp:	55024174Exception Code:	c0000139Exception Offset:	00009f55OS Version:	6.0.6002.2.2.0.256.1Locale ID:	1033Additional Information 1:	9d13Additional Information 2:	1abee00edb3fc1158f9ad6f44f0f6be8Additional Information 3:	9d13Additional Information 4:	1abee00edb3fc1158f9ad6f44f0f6be8My system meets all of the requirements. I've made sure DirectX is up to date. I've Updated my Display Drivers for my nVidia 960GTX. I've also tried uninstalling and reinstalling the Game. I've been waiting over a week for this crap to be patched or an applicable fix to be explained.
76561197972879118,Not Recommended,329430,15890698,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Antihero707,"ONLY BUY THIS IF YOU DON'T ALREADY OWN THE ORIGINAL GAME.I bought this in a mad frenzy that ensues when every anything State of Decay shows up on my radar. My fault, I blame nobody for this impulsive mistake (except myself). Yes, they improved the graphics a little.. and.. um.. made the zombie's eyes glow.Kind of feels more like a paid beta test for the improved engine they're hypothetically using for the forthcoming MMO (another greed move, they couldn't just put in a freakin' co-op mode in State of Decay first, could they?)So, instead of patching the myriad bugs and issues in this otherwise excellent game.. they release a ""special edition"" and make us pay for what should have been patches on a normal release schedule. A dirty, money-grabbing way to do business. Buy this only if you like supporting greed.THUMBS DOWN, GUYS."
,Recommended,329430,35113848,Posted: 21 September,all,TheRealCelticBatman,"Expands on the original and adds new features & events (sorry no spoilers!).If you liked the original and don't mind some repetition (in game and that most of it is from original game), then this is worth getting!Full price 6.5/10On sale always better"
,Recommended,329430,30529581,Posted: 15 March,all,dnm,"Genuine great game, I love the walking dead and have played many hours of DayZ mods, makes you really feel like you are in a zombie apocalypse----PROS----- Great graphics- Fun- Good performance- Plenty to do- Good story- Immersive----CONS----- UI can be annoying----Overall----9.5/10 As nothing is perfect :)"
76561197970885710,Not Recommended,329430,15605957,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Xisowan,"Loved it the first time I bought it, Tried to play this version, couldn't get passed the fact that I'm playing in a tiny portion of the screen since it doesn't support my monitors native resolution."
76561197993232687,Not Recommended,329430,17304668,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,wonderlustking4,"I played the first game, I enjoyed it but Year One offers nothing.  Lifeline is made for you to loose the game. I  enjoy the process of building a good defense and this offers no chance as survival, scavaging, rescuing or anything. The constant feel of rush rush rush in everything is not enjoyable at all. I understand and like having to make decisions that can affect the game but Lifeline is x1000 of what it should be.The game has been out for awhile now and there are major bugs still in the game.7/28/15     DO NOT BUY"
76561198142687168,Not Recommended,329430,15603094,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,andylaw281268,"Jeeeezz, updated remastering, really? still no multiplayer online play? still runs like a bag of poo? jerkavision gameplay/controller lag?ermmmmm, can i have a refund? i've been had over for £22 pre-purchase discount, now its reduced to £15.40WTF? how does that work?this is a seriously BAD       R-I-P  O-F-F !-!-!-!one word............................... *rseholes!!"
76561198056276158,Recommended,329430,34785722,Posted: 6 September,all,"NOT AMELIA, READ DESCRIPTION.","Very good game. I love community survival and that is what this game is. I've spent like 70 real life days in-game and I still find it fun. Unfortunately, there was a lot of cool stuff the developers weren't able to introduce, but they probably will in State of Decay 2!"
76561198204183660,Not Recommended,329430,15601773,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,DrTillman,"i dowloaded this beacause i loved the original that i got on xbox 360. it turned out i wasted £20 on a game i couldnt even ♥♥♥♥ing play. when i click play, it says i need 'DX11' , even though ive ALREADY ♥♥♥♥ING GOT IT"
76561198051604546,Not Recommended,329430,18476033,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Xentra,"I will start off by saying: DO NOT waste your money on this version of the guy, you are better off buying the original version, and even that isn't worth $20.  The developers were lazy and the PC port is utter crap, literally.  It doesn't matter how good your computer is, you will get sporadic FPS for the smallest things.  I got a lag spike that brought me down to around like 15 fps just from turning around.   Yes, turning around.  The graphics settings are sad, you have no control of anything.The only way you can turn off shadows to run this vomit infested garbage is to download a mod, yes, a mod, to turn shadows off, it's downright ridiculous.  I don't buy games to spend hours fixing it's issues.  When I download a game, I'd like to just quickly fix my settings and play it....and with this game, it's not that simple.If you feel like modding this game for it to function at an acceptable rate.  Acceptable because even with mods, it still is a broken game.  DO NOT buy this game.  Unless the price is knocked down to 9.99, dont even bother wasting your money on this game.The game is great, it's fun BUT the FPS issues are a game breaking draw back.  The preformance price you have to pay to play this game is not worth it at all.  You're better off spending your money elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,329430,22730512,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,wadestrom,I regret buying this♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197970537402,Recommended,329430,25475525,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Gabriot,"This is the closest thing to a proper single player zombie game that's ever been invented.  I recommend this game hesitently knowing how scummy the devs are that made the game (they released a very buggy game and then re-released it with bug fixes and charged full price rebranding it as a new game).  That being said, the game is actually so good I'm willing to put aside my morals and say if you are looking for a proper single player zombie game, this is the best that you will find.It still has some bugs, and there are many things I wish they would change, but overall the game kicks♥♥♥♥♥Things I wish were changed:-I wish they made the game mod-able so we could see awesome community driven content-I wish there was a proper element of human vs. human combat and politics.  As it stands the game is really just humans vs. zombies-I wish there were more maps for the sandbox mode, or better yet randomly generated maps-Along the same lines I wish you could make your base in any structure on the map-I wish that the ""management"" aspects of the games allowed you to pause the game.  I'd like to review my characters while back at home base and make plans for my base without half a day worth of gametime passingThings I love about this game:-The combat is very well done.  When you are overwhelmed by zombies there is always a chance to beat the odds and survive, which feels absolutely epic when you pull it off, but at the same time the brutal death scenes and permadeath make the death sting that much more. This entire portion of the game is beautifully executed.  A+-The base building and managment aspects of the game are far better than I expected.  It is so fun having a base and a community of survivors you have to care for.  This is one of the coolest aspects of the game and something I haven't seen properly done in any other zombie games (they usually just focus on you as a sole survivor).  There's room for improvement here but as it stands it is the best you'll get from this genre of games.-If you are a fan of The Walking Dead, this is the closest game you will find to emulating that experience.-The map is very well designed and the main storyline was actually pretty decent.Overall it's the best Zombie game out there and I don't foresee any others surpassing it any time soon unless some amazing Fallout 4 zombie mod gets made.  If you can look past your morals and just buy this version of the game you'll have a good time."
,Recommended,329430,33288047,Posted: 5 July,all,Consuela,"I had an eye on this game for quite a while.  I thought the concept of creating your own community and switching characters within that community was interesting.  But after reading reviews, I saw many people found this game to be dissapointing, pointing out glitches, bugs etc. and mostly complaining about the price mainly because they were forced to rebuy the game for minor upgrades.  I was very skeptical, but after waiting until yesterday, one day before the end of the steam summer sale, I decided to roll the dice and give the game a chance.And by all means THIS GAME IS NOT BAD AT ALLSure, it has glitches, but they're very minor and not gamebreaking.  All games are like that.  No crashes so far, no graphical glitching.  Overall this game is very stable.  The only glitches that are encountered are the animations, which most games have problems with, so no biggy there.  (I did see another review posted before mine saying that it's so buggy that it takes away from the game....it does not at all.)This game provides alot of content, not even including the DLC.  The only problem that I find somewhat dissapointing with this game is that you can't have enemies or rival communities, so no survivor vs. survivor ordeals.  Although this threw me for a loop, it's still quite enjoyable since you're not worrying too much about being shot at.  The Zombie A.I. is pretty nice.  They react to sound as they should, and they're not too tough and not too easy.  You mainly need to worry about the special zombies (I've been ripped in half by a feral twice on breakdown.)Now for the price of the game...is a big downside.  I paid $9.81 USD for this game, and I'd say it's well worth it for that much.  $30.00 USD for this game seems alittle much if you're like me and have to limit what you can buy.  However, if you're able to catch this game during a sale or can just throw out $30 like nothing, then by all means, buy this game.  If worse comes to worse, give it an hour and a half and see how you like it.  If you hate it, refund it.Overall, this game may seem a bit pricey, but for a good sale I'd say this game is well worth a try."
76561198050488483,Not Recommended,329430,17731923,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Ricky Spanish,"Very dissapointing! The gameplay is fairly good but definatley not wort it if you played the original SOD. But gameplay aside, this has been very poorly optimized which has me subject to many random lag spikes. If you haven't played the original state of decay and have a VERY good computer you should but it. If you've played the original and/or have an average computer then I would recommend waiting for them to fix the perfomance issues and/or for Undead Labs to add new content."
,Recommended,329430,34435598,Posted: 23 August,all,EndersTitan,"Purchased on sale, Cheap...Overall experience was fair, with some interesting aspects to the game; however, I would not recommend at full retail as the camera POV was irritating especially in heavy combat, not to mention vehicle POV, control, movement was steadily annoying.Good for a ""I'm bored out of my wits"" day.ONLY RECOMMEND ON SALE!"
76561198096227723,Recommended,329430,24775210,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,maccrawinthejaw,"To all of the grouchy Squidwards who are poised to strike and dislike, you can gripe and complain about the way I wrote something very informed and to-the-point, but make it be known that I honestly couldn't care less. That goes ditto for doing it on other peoples' reviews. It's just pointless. But anyways...State of Decay, in my opinion, comes with three games. The base game and its two expansion packs, but the thing is that all three each share their own style of play, which I'll break down. If any of these are to your liking, I insist you buy this game. Once I've finished covering the three different games, I'll explain the similarities. Sound good?State of Decay; base game, is my least-played mode despite how story-oriented it is. I can't put my finger on what the hell I don't find attractive in it, but bottom line, I don't put much time in it. Still, it gives you the tutorial of everything SoD-related, and has a strong emphasis on the caretaking of NPC's, and trying to escape certain doom. If you want a zombie game with a plot, and one that is more focused on keeping yourself and your community in this apocalypse alive, this should be a steal for you.Breakdown; my favorite, goes for a neverending, open-world experience that was highly requested of the developers. Breakdown has no end - unlike State of Decay and Lifeline, which both end once you finish all of the quests, Breakdown has no plot-oriented quests or ultimate ending. It's entirely focused on gathering loot, building a community, slaying zombies, and just seeing how far you can get before you ultimately lose everybody you love. Breakdown is the best part of State of Decay: YOSE, because of how limitless it is. If you want a zombie game that stresses open-world, limitless zombie survival with a sole focus on PVE, Breakdown was brought down from heaven and into the Steam Store, just for you.Lifeline is a considerable challenge. It turns the difficulty up to the highest mark, and makes the gathering of resources much harder, so as a result, my Army FOB started out healthy and strong, and is now looking like my local Pizza Hut (the one with the bullet hole in the window). To add further insult to injury, unlike Breakdown and State of Decay, which have zombie ""assaults"" as mere skirmishes with hordes that pass by your settlement, this one has zombies that mass up and slam you in overwhelming waves. It's actually kind of frightening. If you want a serious challenge, Lifeline provides.All three games share the same mechanics and controls - one big thing about State of Decay is permadeath. Each character has one life. Nobody (except for one character in Breakdown) has plot armor; everybody is highly susceptible to being torn in half (the zombies seem to favor that execution over all others), and as a result should be treated with extreme caution. What puts great stress on this point is that each character has different skills and talents, which can be leveled and improved, so that makes them even more precious.In stiff contrast to Dead Island, for example, there is an equal focus on melee and firearms, which I do like since I adore guns. Just as well, since, like Red Dead Redemption: Undead Nightmare, Zeds only go down with a bullet or a baseball bat to the cranium (headshots), with the exception of any .50 caliber weapons, which can kill zombies with one shot anywhere, fire, and explosives/explosions. Guns are especially useful when you consider that these zombies are actually quite sharp - they move fast and attack fast. As a developer said in an interview, if you're dealing with say, two zombies in close proximity; no sweat if you know what you're doing. More than two, and things get problematic. Melee encounters with hordes are desperate pleas for death.So ultimately what this game offers is three different variants of the same game, but they all share the same focus on building a community and rescuing other survivors. I highly recommend this game."
76561198060897149,Not Recommended,329430,15687287,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,ellerbeetimes,"In spite of the glitches and diamond-in-the-rough quality, I am a big fan of the original State of Decay on Steam. To play it with fewer glitches, a few new moves, and a few new cars was completely worth the $20 (for a previous owner) cost of admission. However, I regret it now. It refuses to play properly on my system no matter how I tweek the resolution and other graph settings. It chugs and sticks and isn't even as smooth as the first edition. For me, it's been unplayable.  From the start, at the ranger station, I lost voices before Ed was attacked. There were times when I couldn't gather the duffle of supplies.There were some other changes to expect that were not present previously, and they that are debatable changes. There are many more zombies. It is difficult to accomplish missions because of the additional hordes. Driving a car creates zombie pride day every moment. They swarm at the sound of a vehicle. Stealth walking is the only way to travel in peace. Infestations are much bigger.They could have fixed the glitches. They could have added just a little new dialog and a few new voices. They could have made it playable without the chugs and lack of control from the frame rate slow downs (Saving Maya a gruesome death stating right next to a car door). Instead, they took my $20 and gave me an unplayable game.Thanks Undead Labs."
,Recommended,329430,32012256,Posted: 27 May,all,Chief Queef,"This game is fantastic. I grabbed this sometime back around the holiday sale on my old account for next to nothing and logged over fifty hours in simply the main campaign/game alone long before even touching the dlc. Yes, it has bugs. Yes, at times the combat and control is a bit wonky and yes, even in this ""polished"" version there are bugs that still havent been fixed since the original release. However as a zombie survival game outside of the plethora of fps shooters this game stands alone. It is the closest thing that comes to mind that has a real ""Walking Dead"" feel to it if thats what you are striving for. I wont really go into the story or dlc other than the plot being very generic and the dlc being the icing on the cake. The only real negative point I can think of is this is a single player title. Multiplayer would be awesome if it was or could be implemented. In conclusion I have purchased this game twice so far and have found the YOSE edition to be equally as promising and entertaining as the first time around and for roughly 10$ (on sale) it is well worth the risk if you are still on the fence. ""Take chances. Make mistakes."""
76561198027189135,Not Recommended,329430,15639569,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Doomlegion,"Overall the game is not worth $30 yet..The game has just come out a few days ago and it has a billion bugs. some break the game and some are just annoying. such as ill bring home a brand new mustang car and I go out to scavange ina  different car and the mustang is teleported across the map somewhere for some reason. (happens frequently) also sometimes my cars will randomly flip on there sides and i have to hit it with another car to get it on wheels and i get points takn off for recless driving. simply walking to a ladder off the top of a building sometimes it wont register and you end up ""running"" over the ladder and falling to your death. There was a time i even picked up a weapon and equipted it and there was nothign in my hand but I was swinging my fists around like there was this giant heavy hammar in my hands. I could go on with the list of bugs but I dont want to waste your time. Just wait till there are a few good patches to fix a majority of these bugs. Because after you get past all these bugs this game is perfect. Its like a GTA Zombie survival shootem up. the possibilities are endless. Me personally I horde cars I got like 20 cars shoved into the second home you come across in the game. EDIT: 2 Years later still not worth it. Many bugs still. I started a lifeline game and got ♥♥♥♥ed from the difficulty at first which was fine my bad but then i restarted and Had everything perfect untill the zombies seiged my ops base and Ran right through the gate like it wasnt even there killing a civ I rescued giving me bad rep in the land. Honestly I uninstalled after that. complete garbage to have the game♥♥♥♥♥♥on ur perfect streak. Played another one and was under seige I had 10 guys and not one of them came to help secure the north gate so i got killed and a civ got killed done with this garbage game."
76561198016751447,Not Recommended,329430,18563859,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Switters08,Fundamentally broken experience ruined an interesting core concept.
76561198059023425,Not Recommended,329430,16764934,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Rockoloco,"Delivered in beautifully remastered 1080p, along with improved lighting, textures... simply not true, the game looks pretty awful with no AA or FXAA,  the graphics settings offer almost no options other than low normal and ultra, and ultra looks quite bad, if you have already played it, don't waste your money on this for you will get almost nothing in terms of visuals. Didn't play more than 5 minutes, i had to get a refund on this. Don't buy this"
,Not Recommended,329430,15618145,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Scubbo,"how does one go about getting a refund, took more money, is the same (looks the same? hard to tell difference??) would have rather stuck with the old and never played it than loose another $30..."
76561197971493561,Not Recommended,329430,16572246,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,GearofWar,"Nothing differant from the first state of decay, i'd pass."
76561197984308345,Not Recommended,329430,31157577,Posted: 15 April,all,MidnightCry,"First let me say I do love this game, played much more then the hours show since I have the first version,Loved the fact it was NOT a shooter in the first version, guns where scarse amo was scarse,felt like you needed to avoid fights or get overwelmed, however alot of that changed in this version.they made gums much more accessable,but any how it is a good game wait till it goes on saleNow why did I NOT recommend?Because they released this version as a NEW GAME when it is just an updatewith the DLC and should have been GIVEN to oweners of the first versionI am sure this is a case of game creators making a good gamethen some one comes along and buys the rights to it slapes a pretty lable on the frontand calls it new....Bring UNIONS BACK!!! someone needs to bloddy the corperations nosesand remind them who runs this country!!"
76561198006517435,Not Recommended,329430,15616860,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,GrumbleBird,No. Just no.Come again afret patches.
,Recommended,329430,25640430,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Bob Crees,"This is well worth buying, as you get three games in one. The Story is fun, as you gain more characters and equipment, allowing you to move to better home bases.Breakdown allows you to increase the 'hardness' of the game as you move up levels. Each level has the same map, which is shame, but vehicles and items you find does decrease.LifeLine well for me is the hardest of the three games, as it is more 'time based' You are only given a short period of time to search or complete tasks, before you have to return to your Home Base to defend againsts Hordes."
,Not Recommended,329430,22523731,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,TyronR,"The idea, setting and beginning of the game ist just great - but after some time it starts to become more something like a day at work - so much to do, a lot of things do not work out, time is always of the essence, and the people in your ""staff"" start to do a lot of crap when youre not looking. That said, the game could still be cool - but the tasks you have to fulfill are very, very repetitive and become boring instead of exciting (very much like work, also). I'd really like to play a remake of this game that ""smoothes"" out all its annoying little flaws - it would be a relly great game. All in all, no recommendation (but its close)."
76561198072634348,Not Recommended,329430,15659630,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,wetnwild1371,I would rather actually have to survive a rel zombie apocalypse than deal with the level of crap in this game.
76561198050939092,Not Recommended,329430,15626258,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Vibe,"First off, this is a zombie game. Nothing like taking a pipe and whailing on an undead until your arm is tired.That being said this game is horrible in every other regard. Asside from being dull as dish water its basically GTA/SR style games with zombies as cops. Seems fine except zombies spawn out of nowhere in an unending flood. You never feel a sense of accomplishment when you clear a building and 10 new ones spawn outside and come running in that werent anywhere nearby before. Houses seem to be zombie magnets, stay ouside in the fresh air and open fields where they cant get you. Clearly these where gamers before they died.Questing is broken as can be often completely removing a side quest if a main one or new side decides to showup. Toggling the map to search for it turns up nothing.AI is broken, while at times humorous, very annoying. God forbid you want to make a quick getaway while your partner tries to make up his mind what door he wants to get into deciding to take a leasurely stroll into the drivers side bumper for a few minutes while zombies run up, bend him over the hood and introduce him to prison♥♥♥♥♥♥ This is not a rare bug, this will happen almost any time they approach the front side of the vehicle you get into. Dont forget you can flip a car just by hitting a small bump cause the physics are garbage. Or you know. Decide outside the base is a great idea during a zombie seige.Zombies will often glich out when climbing and shooting them has a good possibility of them just teleporting to the otherside for quick easy access to your yummy delicious flesh.AI are stupid in the matter of guard towers, they dont use them even though they are avaliable. When they are an actual designated structure they often leave them unmanned because they are ""tired"" and no one takes their place. Not that someone with a shotgun is any good at hitting anything further than the base of the tower anyways. Might as well be shooting cottonballs out of a shotgun if you're  further than shoving it down a zombie's throat.Most item durability is a joke. Zombie hoard? Get in a car and run them over cause your generic tools wont last the fight, firing a gun is a waste of time cause it just generates more zombie spawns.My mind is still boggled how a small tri town of maybe 1000 residence can have so many zombies. The way I ran over zombie hoards I should have had the entire populous cleared in ten minutes.On top of all this I felt bases were generically useless and left me with little customizing or results of what was there to the point I wondered why they even bothered. The lack of realism in any sense just left me laughing. Like a Juggernaught walking to the gate of a chainlink fence when it should be able to walk through. Or better yet. Lets board up these windows but not let us shoot through the boards instead the boards will break no matter where you shoot.These are all lazy♥♥♥♥♥mechanics you expect 15 years ago."
,Not Recommended,329430,15773533,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,GAME GOD,Not happy installed it and it wont run.because direct x 11 need to be installed i cant get it anywhereand get no help with this problem waste of money !
76561198059555898,Not Recommended,329430,34376536,Posted: 20 August,all,Cato112,Way too many bugs affecting the gameplay. Shows good promise but I just ran out of patience.
,Not Recommended,329430,15819985,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Jaesiah,"Re-Review:Having said my peace on this title: I still couldn't give it up...Plugged my xbox in and played for a little bit and got readdicted......Not being at home and needing to get my SoD fix,I fired it back up. While still not bug free, the game is running ALOT better...(Strange miracles do happen I suppose) I wil not change my downvote but I will say read the reviews..and decide if this title is something you want to invest in.Absolutely horrible, DO NOT PURCHASE! Wish I could get a refund.The above being said, I own this game and all of it's DLC's for Xbox, I like it so much I bought it for my pc...as my pc goes with me everywhere and my xbox does not. Having played..or well tried to play it  I have pretty much given up.Bugs Everywhere,,,,THIS GAME IS BUGGIER THAN A HOTELS BED (and that's being generous, I'd call it pretty much broken. I play Early Alphas that are put together better than this) can't even fight properly as half the time I hit the zombie while it manages to hit me, or they are just plain unkillable no matter how many times you do hit them.Let's not forget the zombie who I used Z to kill..getting up and continuing to hurt me WITH A BROKEN AND SMASHED HEAD (Really? this is just plain♥♥♥♥♥♥..) This is a CHEAP and rather CRAPPY made version of the console title.. and again I repeat DO NOT PURCHASE, unless of course you just love wasting your money....I don't, and I am sorry I paid for this."
76561198041394890,Not Recommended,329430,17606266,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,WEAPONX555666,"I can't believe I paid for this, there are more bugs and glitch's in this version than the original and the graphics are not that impressive. I would have thought they would have fixed all the things that where wrong with this game but they didn't and they added new ones. My advice, if you have the original don't bother, but if you do have the game it's fun to play even though the glitch's really♥♥♥♥♥♥you off."
76561198080456861,Not Recommended,329430,17385611,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Mr.YourMouth,"I know this is a very fun game, that is why I bought it at the first place, but how I wish I knew this before buying this game for PC. The lag is REAL for this game, even on the lowest graphic settings. I searched for solutions to this problem, but due to my technology noobiness, I wasn't able to follow the unclear instructions provided. So if you think you are tech savvy enough, go ahead and buy this game, but be warned!"
,Not Recommended,329430,30163528,Posted: 25 February,all,Kristoffer,30$ for a slight graphical update and some new bugs?
,Recommended,329430,24289155,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Omaha,"Simply a GOTY version of the original game, with it's DLC already accounted in.Game itself is great. And i cannot wait for the second one."
,Recommended,329430,29769820,Posted: 7 February,all,Shooter Swag,"Overall:  Yes, recommended.  It has a story line that is above-average, game-play is above-average, graphics are above-average (considering when made).  Everything is essentially above-average.  It needs a bit of work, but still worth buying, especially on sale.Pros:Story - A bit fast-paced at times, without much explanation for the ""why"", but it's not the worst.  Immerses the player adequately.Playable Characters - Each character seems unique and has their own personality.  I believe there are over 100+ characters/NPC's in game.  Characters/NPC's will bicker between each other and do small missions (i.e. scavenging) on their own.  A nice touch.  Makes the base camp feel like the NPC's are contributing without you having to do everything.  They also defend the base on their own.Game-play - needs some polish, but it's still enjoyable.  Melee (blunt, edged, heavy weapons, etc.), gun-fighting (all types of pistols, rifles, SMGs, shotguns and sniper rifles), and vehicles (cars, trucks, SUVs) sum up the way to kill zombies.3rd person perspective only - pro or con based on your taste.  Works great while outside.Base-building - definitely one of the best characteristics.  Build up the infirmary, food storage, tower, workshop, etc. to provide various benefits for your group.RGP-like - can level up various skills.  Not very intricate/complex, but enjoyable.Weapons degrade over time and need to be repaired.Scavenging - fun to scavenge.  Grab a survivor to watch your back though, especially at night, and hop in a car (more cargo space than your backpack).Radio - can call in scavengers to help bring back supplies, back-up (SWAT), artillery, new home base relocation, etc.  Of course, you have to complete missions to unlock many of these.2 other DLC's that are included in YOSE which change things up a bit.Cons:3rd person only - pro or con.  Can be problematic when entering buildings and small rooms.  Cannot see threats until the character is fully in the room due to 3rd person.-Driving - one area that really needs a patch.  It...just...doesn't....feel right...the turning and handling is a bit strange; also, accelerating and decelerating does a weird zoom in & out which distorts vision - hard to drive and recon the area b/c of it.-Closing Doors - ugh, an area that is very annoying.  Sometimes you'll close them without a problem, other times you have to maneuver the character a bit before you can close doors (time consuming) - not good when being chased by a zombie horde.-NPC's / AI - weird glitches occasionally such as:  will stop accompanying you for no reason - happened twice to me; when escorting AI to destination, they've stopped moving just outside the objective (I had to physically push them into the objective to complete the mission - happened twice).  Companions like to block doorways - not game breaking, just an annoyance, you can roll through them or even push them out of the way.  They also like to spazz out and take their time when loading into vehicles - again, not game breaking, just needs a patch.Rated 7 out of 10."
76561198260006561,Not Recommended,329430,19220170,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Lukong1515,"Notice my Review was removed from Store Page and I can't repostI played Past the Church to ""Finding RadioLady's Brother"", ""Protect a House for a Doctor"" and ""Find People & Items (Isaisah)"" near Gas Station & Tall/Long Bushes (And refunded the game because it did not save the ""Protect a House..."" part after the time I spent looting, when I wanted to rest from the game on ""Find People..."" part...even though saving only happens after completing a Mission...yes...can't switch characters on mission)@CharlyI'm new to State of Decay & YOSE, but not new to zombie games or games in general. (Mind you, Steam counts is off)If you've never played a game, I would reccomend because State of Decay is unique because its like GTA (Graphics & Realism-ish) & Saint Row (Sprint + Melee) with Survival/Zombies/Post-Apocalypse, but blocks your grind...wait for updates.NoteI do not hate this game (cause Coder/Prog/Art worke hard and I got tired of RE (Expect ReRev1 & Raid Mode) taking down corps who destroy population, and the rest of the world is left unscathed hence Why I came up with Perishing Rain/RE Extinction Movie A Game)...read credits and want to know who is the director?), I in fact nearly cried when I realize it wasn't what I excepted and had to refund the first time.Inventory & Items- Small inventory, Vehicle Trunks have less/equal/more slots than/to Large/Small Backpack (Happy for No weight limit in Cars/Trucks)===Runout of slots faster than weight and a limited to Stacking Items (Marcus can Stack 4 Chips w/Large Bag & Maya stacks 3 Chips w/LargeBag...WHY???)===Large Backpack has 2 slots more than Small & you can't drop items, you can only destroy, no Equipment screen so equipment takes up slots (Could add 2 Slots (Simple) more or a Tab (Advance, Check Discussions for my Idea) for Equipment and you can't store items in places you found them- Being Overcumbered here is better than Skyrim, can Run, can't Sprinting, but cars are plenty- Party Members can't take stuff, weapons or items/unless I befriend them...... Bag Has few more slots than Minecraft's Quickslots)...4 Slots Without Bag, +4 Slots with Small and +2 with Large (Rugsack don't Add Slots)===And if you find another Bag -not referring to rucksack- its not like you put stuff in it, drop it, store it somewhere, carry it or have/escort someone else as they carry it===When you equip, nothing really happens unless the bag is bigger or too small- Food should be eaten on a daily basis (GTA San Andreas w/MGS Peace Walker Rating System) while Meds should only be used for injury===Food should restore back small health w/high Stamina and be easier to gather===Meds should restore health at high rate/stamina at low rate, but hard to find -Not just hard in amount, but say Zombies in Hospital like how you have it===Needed to Mod in order to get Stats on Weapons and items too so you don't know how good something is and I don't know if you can dual weapons (Most likely Can't) and auto-switch when they break (Also I discovered there is Workshop for Cars)Driving is Awesome++ Happy you can drive (Fallout 3 & 4 don't have vehicles unless you mod), have storage (Only accessible from outside, but Journal/Inventory is accessible from inside), get dragged out of vehicle if door is gone (Love that), scrape zombies of vehicle by running into/besides things or suddenly stopping (Koodos for that), you can drive & drift like a wheelman/vin diesel with the brake and if the vehicle flips over or explodes you go automatically flying out the vehicle (Cause technically everytime a car flips over in GTA I exit, so thumbs up on that)- Can Door Attack (So Can Ai), but can't shoot or hit with weapons from vehicle (At least Aim from Car in 1stPS or 3rdPS and Party covers Blind spots, Front Passenger Covers Right/225 DEGs & In a Pickup a Back Passenger can cover all/360)- (*After Reading Update* after Refunding, so *ignore the following*) *I don't know if they have User defined customization/Re-enforcing/upgrading/repairing*/cleaning (Add Mesh to Windows, Grill Guards/Shovel/Different Exit=Roof, Clean Blood off, Repair, Gas up/Siphon/AddGas, etc)*===I tried to park into a Workshop and nothing happen, must have not fullfill something/update*, but I was kind of hoping Mechanic would be a Skill that a Survivor has and you could ask for repair and they would send you to find parts...That Extra Locker Slot for Quest Items?...Focus on Skills Please, Wrench Double as Weapons/Tool===This could be fun when trying to start a car/battery while zombie surround, but hey so is going to the workshopDLCs (*Unsure)- DLCs are Spinoffs (1.99 Stories) with slight differences/advantages (Wish DLCs where in Base)===Lifeline gives you lots of guns -cause your the army- but *no commanding/tell a person where to stand*, ===Breakdown has a bunch (~20) characters you can play from...I wonder if I meet them all in each storylineHow Saving Works- Saves only when missions done.- In an open world -miles away from destination-, that leans to Linear World more than Resident Evil 1 (If being realistic is fun, then I wouldn't be able to Mario & Luigi on a zombie's head...takedown moves)===Can't switch characters mid mission and your character gets tired as time goes on (And you can't sleep in a bed either...there isn't enough for you)What are Ai/NPC like- Couldn't command Ai...even down to Ed (First Guy your with...save his life)...feels like another game where I'm doing everything and everyone does nothing or help fight (Skyrim had a good/lite system for Commands, Hold Interact > Point at Targets: Floor=Wait There, Chair=Sit There, Item=Pick up Item and Enemies=Attack That, well leave where waiting to Attack,)...could instead Wait Mode > Command > Gambits (FF12)- I'm the one barricading (cabins & church...mission too), moving stuff from vehicle to vehicle & couldn't tell Ai where to stand to wait...some teamwork when fighting a horde and were all hiting the same zombie...No excuses you had space for 4 Emotional Actions, Throws Arms up*...What are you waiting for?- No Far warning when Ai is tired (Just run home)From Cabin To Church- Got to Church, unloaded stuff (5 meds I found at a warehouse w/car) and notice an Influence system (Like Currency, very good system, but can't make mistakes), Meds only have 5 Influence and I found that strange cause firecrackers & molotovs where equal and weapons had more...should have Market Stock Exchange System=What you need is worth more (I suggested already)- So I went to my jampacked SUV Yukon during First time Tour around Church and got MISSION FAILED/Romance???...came back and found out they badly needed Meds...that system is so linear, I know there is a mission with my name on it saying I have to go somewhere and find meds and bring it back (HAHAHAHA there was predictable)- Yeah meds are needed, but the weapons are worth more*Update Type-Med Rucksack/MedCase is what they wantCabin People (I found out there is no swimming or maybe lake is blocked)- I wonder if I store more meds/Rucksack would they (Cabin People) still be alive? Cause if we had to go to Church -can't command AI- who can drive in a car and fool (Thinking of Saints Row 3 hence why I kept Interacting in and out of SUV while nearby another car in Decay)Only reason I rebought the game after refunding it cause I heard of SoD2 rumor, possible Mods**, found I can overlap some keys and I sounded very arrogant...I wonder if its going to be Deja Vu (Already Seen) the same way I hoped for when I heard of SoD:YOSE for Xbox1 in Metro Newspaper (Too early for Mods**)Final ThoughtsWould refunded again (might not happen cause Steam Admins...Update* I did and it went through), reccomended if this is your first game."
,Not Recommended,329430,15974035,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Dimi,"What a mess. Do I recommend this game? Yes but only to gamers new to State of Decay. Those of you who already own the ""old"" version I would say it's a total waste of money. In fact there is really no need to switch to this version. The graphical improvements are not really noticable. The only thing maybe that was improved is a 1080p version running at 30fps.What is a contra for this version is the devs and publishers greedy politics. This is a slap in the face of all die-hard SoD fans."
76561198079116773,Not Recommended,329430,18232030,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Gilafax,This should have been a 1GB patch for original release.  Knowhere near worth the full price. Buy this only if you did'nt purchase the original version+DLC
,Not Recommended,329430,31986059,Posted: 26 May,all,Swift,Absolutely terrible. I hate how they removed the original State Of Decay from the store because I was able to run the old one with 60+ FPS on a crumy 2012 ASUS gaming laptop. But SOD YOSE I get barely 40 FPS with around 10 when driving (because it stutters loading in the next area). Another thing is that it takes a moment for graphics to appear when entering a new area or walking 50 feet from your last location. I had every single achievement on the original state of decay and I wanted to throw this game away by the first achievement. The developers of this game are moneygrabbing by removing the old SOD from purchase. The best and only good part about this game is that it turned me away before the 2 hour refund mark.
76561198028438355,Not Recommended,329430,21244771,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Mr.Rooster,sadly there is more bug than game features
76561198028325583,Not Recommended,329430,15626459,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,uncle05gpw,Really bad news.  It's unplayable on a Dell XPS 13 (2015 model).  The game appears as a tiny box on the screen and isn't usable.  I tried changing the vid options and the resolution on my laptop but nothing works.  What a disappointment.
,Not Recommended,329430,25358653,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Girthy Gumbolini,"Games good but there's too much ♥♥♥♥ing bloom and you can't turn it down or off. Also theres unalterable motion blur on ultra. I even went into the cfg and PAK files to try and fix it. All of the guides are outdated as the game is old. If you're okay with VERY excessive bloom and normal motion blur (on ultra) then go ahead and buy this game.It's fun but not, ""I'm going to violently scoop my eyes out with a toothpick"" fun."
,Not Recommended,329430,18556222,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,STFU,I Want my Money Back I spend 28 euros on this and I can't even play It because Low Frames
76561198015782956,Not Recommended,329430,21377667,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Darth,"You will enjoy this game for at least 10 hours I assume.  After that you be wondering how this amazing game got so lost.Lets start with the good:-Graphics are well done, buildings and houses and car mechanics all great.-It's a sandbox game and has base building.-Game controls are fairly easy to use and generally work well.-""Zombies"" are realistic and can have a slight jump factor.CONS:-Gets old fast.-you will constantly be having to go out and rescue people that wander off your base or be forced to settle disputes within your people almost constanty.-You can never have more than one person with you at a time except for very limited ""quest"" circumstances.-Resources are not infinite and neither are cars ""although they can be fixed"".-""Special Zombies"" can be tough at times.. you come out of a house and haven't saved in awhile and one of the huge zombies kills you.. well you're dead and that's it.  You just lost that person that you could have had since day one and was your best player.-WHEN YOU LOG OUT THE GAME KEEPS PLAYING... so when you log back in some people could be gone or heaven forbid dead and your resources will be gone just about.  The longer you are logged out for the worse it is.-Story is hardly worth bothering with.. it's mundane at best.How this game should be:-Open world sandbox.-Single player good story.-YOU pick the teams that go out and scavenge for food and tell them where and when to go.-Make parties bigger than just a small group of 2.-get rid of all the annoying distress signals ""your people only leave the base if you tell them to""-Need more materials in more places so you can play longer.-Have more freedom on basebuilding and job assignments.Do I think you wil enjoy this game? Sure but there is no way I can recommend this game for 30$ wait till it is 75% off before you even think about it.  I wanted to love this game.. sad.. really dissapointed stupid distress signals.. completely ruin the game."
76561197970674062,Recommended,329430,26797052,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mental1m33,"Though I have only played a few hours on this I have noticed no more ""bugs"" than the original game (whuch I have played 65+ hours).  To me its the next closest thing to a ""Walking Dead"" simulator than any other zobie survival game.  You try and keep your base supllied with food, medicine, ammo, construction materials and fuel;  While trying to keep you people alive.  Each survivor also has special skills which can assist in construction, medical help and combat.  Death of a character is permanent which brings even more realisim to the game.  If you like the AMC Walking Dead or just zombie survival game GET THIS ONE, you wont be dissapponted."
76561198036725485,Not Recommended,329430,15687385,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Bastet,"Please bear in mind this review was left at the time of release and may be out of date. I cannot change the review because I no longer own the game (had it refunded/removed). If the bugs have been resolved, great, but my review will remain the same, just remember it's out of date so take it with a pinch of salt.I don't often leave reviews. If I do it's either a) the game is fantastic beyond words or b) the game is so awful that people need to be warned to stay away.This is nothing but a cash grab, and not even a remotely good one at that.I can't comment on the game itself, because I've not played it. I've not played it because I can't face playing it due to the many pre-game play bugs I've already encountered within the first 5 minutes of loading, which are ruining it for me.It's 2015. Yet this 'remastered' 'game' is worse than the original - wow!I have a brilliant computer, which far exceeds the top end specs for this game. My monitor is not great, it gives off a lot of glare because of the material the screen is made from. Therefore I use a 7 year old matt-effect monitor, made from a similar material to the screens of the paperwhite Kindles, resulting in next to no glare or migraines.This 'remastered' game looks no different to the original, despite my graphics card being 3 times better than the machine I had when I played the original release. The 1440 x 900 resolution I use for every other game I have (and without issue), isn't supported by this game. Yes it's in the list of resolutions, but if you actually choose 1440 x 900, you're greeted to lines around the screen (no fullscreen), about 1.5 inches of the game screen not being viewable, going off the right side of the screen, and the task bar constantly shows up and superimposes over the 'not fullscreen fullscreen.' Pressing alt+return to force 'fullscreen' works, until randomly your taskbar superimposes over the top.I'm a little OCD, so I can't play a game with 1.5-2 inches of the gameplay off the side of the visible monitor. Games shouldn't be released like this in 2015. I've tried all of the staff suggestions and none of them have provided a satisfactory screen/resolution or fixed the 1440 x 900 issue, which they haven't even agreed is a bug yet.Multiple complaints on their forums about resolutions and they release a bug fix patch neglecting the resolutions issues.For almost a month people complained about resolution incompatibilities and nothing was done. Poor service.Avoid until they a) fix the many bugs and b) offer some additional content. The 'remastered' features are not, I repeat not, worth buying this for.I no longer own the game, removed/refunded."
76561198118456139,Recommended,329430,26280164,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,jthecamel,While I understand that many older players of this game have complains (and rightly so if what they say is true) I have none. This is one of the more enjoyable games that I play. It remains fresh and fun for me in every playthrough. I would recomend it highly.
,Recommended,329430,32796505,Posted: 25 June,all,Mr.Morose,"Best zombie game I have played on steam by far, 10/10when a game is really good you don't have to boast it, The story line is quite good, combat is beautiful, running zombies down with cars is just awesome and the game stays entertaining. If I had to compare it, its like Farcry meets zombies."
76561197976843692,Recommended,329430,28484920,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Frankie-Z-,"lots of fun wish it had a little more base building control and a little more fighting variations but overall very solid , only thing missing was a co-op mode , but still love the game game as is"
,Not Recommended,329430,15607391,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Mheegamer,เหมือนของเก่าอย่าซื้อถ้ามีตัวเก่าอยู่แล้ว
,Recommended,329430,24297778,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Haxmaster,"It's what a zombie apocalypse survival game should be. Resource management, each survivor is playable; except for the one with Lupus. I didn't really care for the Breakdown dlc that much but the base game itself is really fun and addicting"
,Not Recommended,329430,25582638,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,DeadAimBow^-^(Controller),They make you pay full price for a bunch of bug fixess..
76561197992220440,Not Recommended,329430,21814395,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,deadlyndark,its the  same  dam game  as  origional i  really  feel  ripped  off  by steam
76561197970800490,Not Recommended,329430,15619359,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,demise4u,"I can play the original version with no issues, but the Year One version has a black border around the screen. Alt-Enter, adding ""-fullscreen"" to the launch options, etc, has no effect. This game is unplayable like this."
76561198105445916,Recommended,329430,34624042,Posted: 30 August,all,Fugitive Mind,"This game is pretty solid. The graphics hold up, the combat remains fun throughout (both the shooting and the melee), there's a lot of content, and many of the game mechanics are integrated well. For instance, there's a system for gathering supplies for survival, permadeath, building a homebase, and RPG mechanics that really just add to the survival experience.However, the story for all three game modes is lacking, from poorly executed to nonexistent. Same with the character development, allowing the death of a survivor to lack any actual impact. In addition, there are an incredible amount of bugs that are infuriating for the player. This ultimately hinders the game as a whole, making certain tasks feel incredibly repetitive over time.Don't let that deter you; this is a solid game at the right price."
76561198100803839,Not Recommended,329430,21240851,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Moon Man,outdated graphics and fair gameplay .
,Recommended,329430,30506742,Posted: 14 March,all,Strange,"Whenever I attempt to describe State of Decay to people who have never played the game, I find myself describing the game I want State of Decay to be--and the game that Undead Labs attempted to craft--more than the game that State of Decay actually is. State of Decay wants to be many games--chief among them the first video game to properly capture the community survival elements of a Dawn of the Dead film in mechanical terms (as opposed to the narrative terms of Telltale's The Walking Dead)--and, at its best moments, it creates a sense of community, tension, and character agency matched by few of its peers. But for each moment of spontaneous, unscripted story wonder that State of Decay generates, it is also one glitch, bug, or broken feature away from drawing you completely out of its experience.THE GOOD- Creates legitimate sense of community among your group of survivors-  Permadeath adds tangible tension to every outing- Building up base & team feels like a less pessimistic George Romero filmTHE BAD- Omnipresent bugs ranging from humorous to game-breaking- Controls lack finesse for more hectic action sequences- Multiple modes of play fail to meaningfully feed back into one another- World lacks distinct sense of placeIn my opinion, I give this a 6 out of 10."
76561198135331130,Recommended,329430,34056926,Posted: 6 August,all,ραтн,"I really love the way of this game, you have to fully focus on their lives, and if someone died, kiss him/her goodbye because you won't get the character back. and I'm excited for the 2nd one."
76561197971020737,Not Recommended,329430,15629268,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Barzenak,I loved the original.  This one I was sorry to say I notice no new graphics.  Higher resolution but nothing saying they did much to improve the game.  Pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ upgrade and not worth the money on a game that rocked.  I was sold on the first and this one was a complete rip off.
76561198188493391,Not Recommended,329430,17773611,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Aaron_O_Brion_16,"I have only played this game for 5 hours but I feel like it still needs work. I love the gameplay and the idea but for some reason there is a complete glitch with my mouse, the journal and other things. The gameplay can be very sluggish, graphics aren't great but they aren't the worst. Just not what i was expecting at all."
,Recommended,329430,33164658,Posted: 2 July,all,¨°º✪GodzBlaze✪º°¨,Never thought i would get addicted like i did. Great sandbox survival for how small the team was. I have high hope for SOD 2. If you like scavenging with basic base building and third person action this game is for you.But keep in mind. There is bug / glitch but nothing game breaking. Have fun!
76561197990405501,Recommended,329430,23543546,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Sir Right,"Pc version on Win 10 64 bit.I think I have enough hours played in order to make a totally informed opinion.  This game is quaint but if you love it, you really love it and can't put it down.  Year One Survival Edition has game and both expansions, has upgraded graphics and new characters and content.What it is:  a mix of a shooter/hack n slash, base building, leveling of skills and base facilities, driving, making items, finding items, and going on various random missions.The first game is a run through with built in tutorial, and is story driven.  The second is the open sandbox mode and has 99 levels that get harder, faster, and nastier (bosses get more numerous and start getting perks they didn't have before).  The third game is a set mission driven, base denial type game that sees the zombie apocolapse from the military viewpoint.You will need a graphics card capable of DX11 but don't expect UHD graphics.  Gameplay immersion is awesome and you will jump out of your seat if you round a corner and a zombie does a leap attack or the wife grabs your shoulder to get your attention (yes, I jumped out of my skin and she is still laughing).  Any game that gets you that involved is something worth playing.The downside is the engine they had to use sometimes allows zombies to go through closed doors and some other collision effects.  I would have liked to see the company continue working on the game to polish minor points that could be improved but you get used to the glitches and they really don't detract from the game much.Death is permanent for that character but you just transfer to the next playable character.  You have to work at morale so that the others in your house are friends, thus playable.  If you don't like ""death is final"" games and just like to die, get up, continue, rinse and repeat then this game is not for you.  I personally like the fact that you have to play intelligently and wisely so you avoid death situations, get really upset when you lose a hero that you invested time in, but sign a huge relief if you survive the encounter and limp back to base to tag out to another hero.As of this post I am at Breakdown level 58 and ready to move on to 59.  I think you will like the game but watch out for the feral zombies because they are the worst!"
,Not Recommended,329430,17373939,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,[ ],"This game.....is......bad. I didn't pay RM60 to replay a game in 1080p!! Seriously!? I STILL GET STUCK IN RANDOM OBJECTS AROUND THE MAP!!! Its so janky and super unpolished with little to no new content! maybe a few DLCs but thats it!! You are paying that much money to replay a game, but with better graphics. If you're gonna do that than why not add some cool new side missions! Or maybe new and interesting voice acting! Im sick of hearing the same sentences by the same voice actors over and over and over again!!!No! No! No! Stay away from this game!! Save up your money for The Witcher III, or maybe even Grey Goo."
,Not Recommended,329430,17328017,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,fishrule,"Fell off the world a few times, don't waste your time on this buggy mess."
,Recommended,329430,23938523,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Nando,"Introduction:State of decay is an open world game, which you are on vacation on a small town where a zombie apocalypse is happening.To survive you need to search for resources such as food, medicine, materials etc.You need these resources to make your base/community survive.Besides that, the game has RPGs elements, where your character gain XP improving and gaining new skillsThe Good:- loot the abandoned houses in search for resources is satisfying.- The game has a story, but is bland.- Base management is fun- Character Permadeath, but you don´t lose the progress you made, you just loose the characterThe Bad:- The missions are kind repetitive, you go to some place, kill zombies and search for resources- Base Management is simples- Bland story- Some bugs, for example, sometimes you can´t interact with the game at all; it is necessary the restart the game, doesn´t work well in 4k.ConclusionAlthough simple, the game is fun and gives a very rewarding progress felling.Definitely will buy the second game in the next year."
76561198012626337,Recommended,329430,30073529,Posted: 20 February,all,Hellios Rayearth,"Survival Zombie-RPG ALMOST done right. This game is what I had hoped Dead Island and Dying Light would be on release.Gameplay:9/10Survival Aspect of the game went above and beyond my expectations and probably the best one I’ve experienced in this genre:-	Declining Group Resources-	Timed Missions-	Community Building/Morale-	Camp upgrades-	Character perma-deathYou have all of these aspects to manage, all while trying to keep your played characters alive during missions, which incidentally update simultaneously, adding more pressure to your already stressful playing environment.RPG Aspect of the game is what I feel took a hit. Character building is fairly shallow. Aside from the general character stats, there isn’t enough character development in-game. Skills are fairly shallow and doesn’t do much to differentiate playable characters from each other, aside from their weapon specialization.Graphics:7/10Not the prettiest of games, but that was never a strong point of this genre. Dying Light was probably one of the few exceptions to this, and maybe RE 5/6/7 (although I can hardly classify RE5&6 as Survival Zombie RPG). Regardless, it passes as an ok-game in terms of visuals.Music and Sound:8/10Music in-game gives me a very Left 4 Dead-esque impression. Aside from Nostalgia, tension in the game is really well matched by its music and ambience. I think it’s really well done.As for voice-acting, it’s fairly bland, you can also easily notice recycled voices. This, however, I can forgive. Western RPG Games, in general, has yet to catch up to Japan’s voice-acting quality in terms of game characters only Bethesda, Bioware, Ubisoft and some select W&B games really stand out.Plot and Story:6/10I haven’t gone too far in the game yet to make a credible conclusion, however, I’m not impressed so far. However, this in my opinion is also forgivable, being that the game is a Zombie-Surival RPG game. The premises of the game itself limits the variety in story I think.I highly recommend this game to fans of the genre, but if you are a perfectionist I’ll give my warning ahead of time. There are just too many instances that can happen that will “F*** up” your perfect run. If you’re this type of gamer, be ready to restart your gameplays at least a couple of times."
,Recommended,329430,28832946,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Adequate™,"I Bought this game for my xbox 360, some years ago...finished the game in 30 enjoyable hours, surviving, killing zeds and training my Characters.Then... DLCs came out.. bought them... 30 more hours...Then it came out for PC... again played it from a friend's account.... finished the game once more.Then the YOS Edition came out.... played a 3rd playthrough in a friend's account again...and in this Winter, i decided to buy it too...so here i am, playing another one playthrough... MY FOURTH... :DPros :+Unique gamestyle.+Good RPG Elements+Great enviroment+Somehow-deep story driven characters.+Good Loot system+Repetitive gameplay+Gets harder and funnier as you keep playing+Open World.Cons:-Zeds are annoying af.-Some missions will get you tired (irl) :D-Lacks a weapon crafting system-NO COOP.if this game had coop, it may could be a double A game in the market.So...Gameplay : 8/10Enviroment : 8/10Music : 8/10Story : 8/10Overall : One of my favorite games of all time.... im giving it 8 out of 10 only because it can be SO MUCH BETTER!STATE OF DECAY 2, im so waitin for you babe!Congratz on Undead labs for this amazing game, keep it up guys."
76561198062982369,Not Recommended,329430,21255605,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,JakeTheScrake,"Yeah this is not great to be honest. Nice idea but the finished item is a no no. I too was new to this game having not previously played the original but thought id give it a go and wish i had not bothered. I really did try to like it but many things just ruin it. Very glitchy game, Does not run very well, Zombies just spawning right infront of you, The AI players that should be helping you just standing in doorways getting in the way doing nothing, To many side missions popping up all the time ( Most of them basically being the same thing ) Luckily i got it on a sale but still feel like it was not worth the low price. Feel sorry for those that did buy at full price!!"
76561198084280377,Recommended,329430,28889175,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Ayban14,Great zombie game! Looking forward to State of Decay 2
,Recommended,329430,26015852,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Tolmat JP,"Back in 2014 the 2nd week of January I was housebound with an illness, Spent the whole week playing this on xbox 360."
,Recommended,329430,30610483,Posted: 19 March,all,Shannanigens,Really good game. Watched The Walking Dead and wanted a game like it and I found it
,Recommended,329430,16406823,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Zaayl,"Theres a lot of griping of how horribly ""broken"" this version of State of Decay is compared to the original. As someone who has been playing SoD since launch day (on the Xbox 360) I can honestly say that this version is perfectly acceptable. Its not a massive upgrade over the original version, but there are some marked improvements. Ive noticed next to no bugs not present in the original, and my only issue with starting it up is I had to go into properties and add ""-fullscreen"" to make it fullscreen.State of Decay has never been perfectly polished, its janky and funky looking and its physics are strange and kinda broken. But it does what it sets out to do in a way few other games can match, and compared to my experiences playing the 360 version on day one, this is a huge upgrade. If you are looking for a open world zombie survival game thats a bit more serious than dead rising, but not nearly as hardcore and unforgiving as DayZ, that has more of a focus on surviving as a group than as a individual, look no further."
,Not Recommended,329430,15627935,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,[MH] Sanjian,"Very dissapointed with this for PC. I get alot of graphical lag and stuttering and if you own the original (which im reinstalling as i type this so i can enjoy the game again) dont bother with this, get the original.Bitterly dissapointed and feel let down :("
,Not Recommended,329430,25471046,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Jobi Wan,"this looks like a fun game, but too many bugs. took awhile to get it to run in the first place and now getting dump errors about 5 mins into the game each time. refunding as its not worth the headache"
,Not Recommended,329430,22910410,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,NinjaGay,Not really worth the money at all -_-
76561198009663994,Not Recommended,329430,17511024,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Donny B,"Save your money, this game bites. Get it? Seriously though, it's horrible."
76561198242756578,Recommended,329430,29885018,Posted: 12 February,all,White Washed,"Highly recommend this game if you want a good community builder experience mixed with zombies.Base Building: 9/10The base building is very fun to mess around with, and being able to move your home base at any time is amazing. The only reason I'm not rating 10/10 is because I really wish there was more space in each home site for building.Story: 6/10This is not a story rich game. The story is kind of rushed and is very short, but I feel that this isn't meant to be story rich. It's meant for you to spend as much time as possible building up your own community of survivors and gathering resources for them.Gameplay Mechanics: 10/10The mechanics in this game are hard to beat, perma-death mixed with basic survival keeps you alert and ready for any ferals or juggernauts headed your way. the combat is fun and easy to grasp, and I love the auto-aim system for guns."
,Not Recommended,329430,19914972,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Fluctuating Gamer,"I'll leave a link to the review for the original SoD Review I made:http://steamcommunity.com/id/ktg123/recommended/241540But for the Year One Edtion? I can say that I can't fully reccommend this game. This being a follow-up to the original game, it basically upgrades itself in terms of graphics, and gives you the DLC in the full game. But what is wrong with this game is the amount of bugs it has and the same problems I mentioned in the linked review above. Now the game is still good, don't get me wrong, but the bugs just ruin it sadly. I would say buy the original version, but it seems you cannot do so anymore.Don't let this review (or any other review) skew your judgement on this game. Only you can figure it out yourself, unless you like to go by reviews or gameplay videos on Youtube. Either way, it's your judgement call on this game, readers."
76561198009139331,Not Recommended,329430,17331410,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,macmert,get the standard one with HD mods on nexus... otherwise stay the hell away from this version of the game...
,Recommended,329430,15599605,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Ryan Maxwell Duncan,"I'd recommend this with a caveat: KNOW WHAT YOU'RE BUYING! You're buying the original State of Decay with all the DLCs and some neato-complete-o coozies. You're not buying a new car. You're buying the same car but with a ♥♥♥♥♥in' stereo, better power steering, and a new coat of paint. You still have to hotwire the son of a ♥♥♥♥♥ to get it to start and the damn window roller is still stuck on the passenger side.But boy howdy does it run over zombies!"
,Recommended,329430,33160695,Posted: 2 July,all,C4-INE,One of the best zombie survival games out there.9/10
76561198100794291,Not Recommended,329430,32550120,Posted: 18 June,all,Stone,"I dont review much of any game, but this game really surpised me.State OF Decay 2 is coming out this year and hope it will be alot better then this.The Main game in this pack is good and funThe other two dlcs I do not see worth playing, Lifeline a dlc in the game seems very dull with the massive amounts of zombies I can barley do anything. Searching for something to finally get attack RIGHT when Im about to get done searching. (there is a search timer) To much zombies for a zombie game.(ikr SURPRISING) wish there was a better way to deal with them then ramming a car in to them over and over. I would call for better ways to kill and destory this herds of zombies. You die alot (that might just be me) for the overall game was not bad. I do not recommend this game. Try your luck with the new one coming out this year it might be worth our time."
76561197998490461,Not Recommended,329430,30522920,Posted: 15 March,all,cheep crybabby hatter,"I have no illusions about how I'd survive in a zombie apocalypse. I'm not the fastest, the most prepared, the most agile, or the most sensible. The uncertainty of such a dangerous, nomadic lifestyle, where vital resources could simply not exist wherever you choose to go; I find it demotivating, a response that would prove deadly. But, in spite of this, I've always had a fascination with zombie survival games (i.e. not the arcadey shmups like Resident Evil 4 or Bulletstorm). There's something about that delicate balance between horror, stealth, action based combat, strategic base building, economic management, and curshingly bleak drama to be found in a deadly, crumbling world, all wrapped up in an emergent, player-driven story. It's a heady 7-ball juggling act that many attempt but few do well. Often the game can only juggle one or two at a time. Often, some balls are just dropped altogether.Make no bones about it, State of Decay is brilliant. I've played my share of zombie survival games, and just about every single one of them has left me slightly unfulfilled, thinking about the potential the genre has to be great. And, when I do, State of Decay is the game I keep asking for.With the exception of perhaps the drama, State of Decay juggles all the balls with aplomb. You are an ordinary person, on holiday with a friend, when zombies strike. After a small tutorial, you're then basically free to explore the massive area, looting resources, building outposts that net you resources, finding people to help (or do missions for), or just to walk around killing zombies. You can approach the zombies as stealthily as you want, either by sneaking up to them and smashing their brains on nearby objects, shoot at them with the firearms of your choice, by just running away, or any combination in between. Zombies will naturally spawn in various locations, and there are no progammed jump scares, so the horror is completely organic.You also are only human, so after enought time and exertion, your character will become fatigued, which lowers maximum fatiue. That's when you have to return to base to rest. You can then talk to another NPC to take them out on a mission, or even convince them to join you on a scavenging hunt. The base can be upgraded using scavenged materials, which affords a variety of benefits. Bases have running costs too, so the scavenged materials must address these needs. Plus, killing zombies affords benefits to your base, as it naturally should; the fewer zombies around, the less damage they'll do to the base and its morale.On top of all this, there is a story, and missions for you to complete. So there is drama, although not all of it emergent. It's a delicate balance between story-driven purpose and sandboxed fun. There's plenty of reward for exploring and doing your own thing, but at the same time, you don't feel like it's all pointless.As the big red thumbs down indicates, after such glowing sentiments, there is a big ugly ""but"" coming. BUT, as much as State of Decay expertly realises some high ambitions, and as much as it is the game I keep asking for, I'm not sure if it's the game I want to play. The problem is that surviving in State of Decay feels a little bit too like the real thing (obviously I don't mean ""the real thing"" literally!).First and foremost, there's State of Decay's most controversial feature: real time passing changes things in game. Remember when I talked about the running costs of bases? They subtract from your base's total every 24 hours IRL. It's also not the only thing that changes IRL. I came back to a game I had stopped playing, and found that several of my people were either dead or missing, which is potentially a big problem. Bases also chew up building materials like nothing else, which is essential for various upgrades.This ties into my second gripe, which is that resources are more or less finite. Once a place is looted, it doesn't magically spawn new resources. With certain upgrades, it's possible to convert certain resources into others (e.g. food into fuel, by a process of making biodiesel), but other resources (such as building materials) cannot be manufactured or converted at all. So, it is possible to arrive at a situation, after many hours of play, where you no longer have access to any building materials. Plus, when a base can't cover its running cost in materials, this causes a very large hit to the morale, which can cause people to run away, so refusing to collect them until you need them is not a good option either.The people are finite too: once you run out, that's it. The game doesn't generate any people procedurally, and once your last person dies, that's game over. It accumulates to a rather off-putting thought: that the time you spent slacking off and exploring, or the hours spent making mistakes and trying to learn the various mechanics could cost you the game down the road. I don't think the game is that unforgiving in the end, but the thought is discouraging nonetheless.That kind of pressure can really work well in a roguelike game (e.g. Invisible Inc -- great game, by the way!), but State of Decay is too long, and doesn't have enough procedural generation to work on that level. While the economy of zombies is very much dynamic, and makes the world feel alive and dangerous, the missions are exactly the same every time you attempt them.So, despite the obvious brilliance of State of Decay, it's a tough title to recommend. I appreciate more as a piece of art than a game, and not because the graphics are especially pretty. It's that hardcore ideal that I hold zombie games up to, conveying both the intoxicating freedom and the unforgiving hopelessness of surviving in a zombie apocalypse. The problem is that it conveys it too well. I'm hoping that anyone who actually reads all of this will not be discouraged from buying and trying this game. Most gamers just want a game they can be entertained by, and on that basis alone, I can't really recommend State of Decay. But if, like me, you can appreciate an innovative, indie take on a tough formula, even if it can be unpleasant to play, I wholeheartedly recommend trying it out."
,Not Recommended,329430,32035362,Posted: 28 May,all,JJACO,Game dosen't even load only give me a black screen on the top left corner.
,Recommended,329430,28755357,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,MellowHype,"I just started a game on PC, but I played the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the game on the xbox. It's really fun at first, but when you get really late in the game the missions pile up and some are very repetitive and you become attached to certain characters that you don't want to lose and it becomes stressful lol. I haven't played it on pc yet. I hope it will be just as fun as on Xbox. The only problems I experienced was with when I first launched the game the resolution was giving me problems (there's no 2560 x 1440p res for my 1440p monitor) I just had to settle on 1080p. Overall it's a fun game for any strategist who likes zombie shooters."
,Not Recommended,329430,19663134,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Waddleding,"As game goes it is ok. I have played and completed this on xbox and was fine ont here. So i thought would try it on here with this ""fix"", but instead get a gltichy badly optimized pieace of crap. not wort getting would avoid completely :("
,Recommended,329430,27975784,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,¤ [~NoLife~],"A simple butt fun zombie game. Easy to learn, Hard to master"
76561198172267333,Recommended,329430,25583167,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,stavrotheo72,"awsome game. wish all games had same depth, survival, graphycs and fighting moves as this game has. very satisfied as so many other unplayable zombie games out."
76561197987249125,Not Recommended,329430,16003294,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Mautisky,"Its got a face lift and some shiny new clothes but its the same game as before.if you already got the game then your not missing out on anyting.and how did they after all the fixes to the original port make this one worse? wasent this to be a remasterd version?did the meaning of remasters change? if it had played like the original i would have liked it more.Decent game, bad performance,cash grab."
76561198125673861,Recommended,329430,34383928,Posted: 20 August,all,Federski,"Very fun game, can't wait for number two to come out"
76561198156215092,Not Recommended,329430,19470467,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Neo Blitz,"Fun game, really not perfect though the gameplay is kind of rough due to weird controls,  it could really use certain things like that fixed up, it just really draws flaws in the gameplay as they add up.  My biggest complaint is  the vehicles steering is so awkard and the game suffers majorly from poor graphic collision interaction."
76561198032048631,Not Recommended,329430,17113149,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,cloudwalkr,"Honest opinion coming here...Love the game, the idea and concept are great.Hate the company.  They abbandoned the original game that glitched and stuttered even on absolute top of the line rigs and charged for what should have been a patch/bug fix and threw in some more ""dlc"" and charged full price.Sure if you didn't already own the game then $30 is a good price tag, but what they did to pre-existing owners was flat out wrong.Basically the buisness practices of this company have taught me to be extremely cautious and skeptical of future games or products they put out.I'm sure you have already read many, many, MANY similar reviews...Because of this i honestly can't reccomend this game due to the way they go about their buisness practice.  I truly feel they could have gone another way about it that would have made people fall in love with them and been loyal for lyfe but chose to anger and outrage people that DID support them in the early days and showed absolutely no love for them.If they had given a MAJOR discount to original owners it would have shown them that their trust in the company was just while at the same time showing new customers that this is what you could expect from them if you chose to become a customer of theirs.So after all the drama and opinions my final report on my end is i love the game, it is fun, but can't support the company.I will not buy another product from them i believe."
,Recommended,329430,32863664,Posted: 27 June,all,Tristan,One of my favorite games. Sometimes seems that you do the same thing but you still enjoying doing it
,Recommended,329430,35162863,Posted: 23 September,all,Clancy Sprat,Cant wait for State of decay 2!
,Not Recommended,329430,17381777,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,fresh jordans,"Looks and feels like a cheap console port, unplayable."
,Recommended,329430,23945333,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Casper,Great Game! But... that payed update stole my money! For new comers you dont know about it. The fist version i bought it and a year after they removed the game and released this.... and i dident get my money back.
76561198014011262,Not Recommended,329430,16000271,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Zodasaur,"Unfortunately State of Decay Year One Edition has let us down. What was supposed to be, in the developer's own words the ""definitive edition"" of State of Decay manages to be worse than the original. I could tell the original SOD was unoptimized, having to play it on medium settings on a beast PC just to maintain 60+ FPS at all times. (And this is for a game designed from the ground up for the 9 year old X-Box 360) Well YOSE is far worse in that respect. YOSE has a terrible stuttering/frame drop problem that occurs regularly even on the lowest graphic setting. In a game with unforgiving perma-death of characters you have spent hundreds of hours to build and level, it is unacceptable to loose a character just because a long heavy stutter skip made you die in the middle of intense combat. Also the game just feels like it will crash if you bump into your PC lol. What I mean, if you bring up the steam overlay, minimise the game, someone on skype calls you while your in-game, doing almost anything in the background will cause the game to crash. I have found that even if you manage you unminimise the game by some miracle, the performance will be bad until you close and reopen the game.All the old glitches from the original SOD I remember are still here, including the ones that glitch your save file, requiring you to start over.I admit is was pretty cool to see higher resolution versions of all the old art assets as I was able to see and read things on signs and posters that I never could in the past.Overall I find the original version of SOD to be better overall. Performance is way better, has better load times, and I'd rather not have the gimmicks of YOSE that do not add anything to the experience. I'd rather keep my 60FPS gameplay with minimal stutter over higher res textures, non stop stuttering, and having to exit completely out of the game in order to respond to a Steam message. Also the flashlight has no purpose anymore in YOSE as every playable character magically emits light from their body."
,Not Recommended,329430,15669636,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,das_dragoon,"""Babysitter of the dead"""
76561198020732170,Recommended,329430,26539035,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Boresight,"As far as I'm concerned, this is the best zombie survival game on the market, and very addictive. I'm looking forward to State of Decay 2 (coop)"
76561197993704643,Recommended,329430,27705424,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,johnfenney,"Even after this length of time, I find myself re-starting this game and attempting to keep ALL of my characters alive. Can't wait for State of Decay 2. Hope its more of the same. Quirky graphics et Al."
,Not Recommended,329430,24827880,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,SaltDaWoundz,This game would have been a really fun and enjoyable if only Undead Labs would fix the noticable bugs and glitches in game. Most noticeably the main menu bug where you have to go slightly far left/right to hit the options? button. Seriously?
,Not Recommended,329430,32731206,Posted: 24 June,all,Sour,"If you liked the first State of Decay this is the exact same thing with no real notable change in graphics .pros:- Still as enjoyable as the original, nothing has changed gameplay wise- You can change resolution to a playable level without crashing, ( a bug that was never fixed in the original )- No other zombie game lIke it, really satisfying to play.Cons;- you bought the same game twice, congratz.- vehicles still handle strange, cant quite call it sluggish, but cant call it light ethier- if you get out of a car to fast you will freeze- If you meele to fast you will freeze- if you shoot to fast you will freze- if you search or grab items to fast you will freeze- If you move to fast you will freeze- if you try to so much as move more than a foot you will freeze- The glaring issue causing these hangups is the audio. There are a multitude of phrases that occur and will be selected at random at ever given chance. The hangoups come natably before your character or an npc mumbles something. because it is a radom selection of lines the game will essentialy put you on hold as it thumbs thrugh the audio files like an elderly DJ at a skate rink thumbing through records for the right song to fit the mood. Only the game is terrible at this and will eventually give up in silence or just spout "" I'll head home with this"".- Reloading is painstakingly slow, beyond unrealistic.- Charcters share the same lines, Not just saying the same lines, To save money they just gave some voice actors certain lines and swap those voices between characters. leaving you with the manly Sasquatch saying something in a womans voice because it was a cheaper option than recording idle lines with his voice.-Tons of ways to upgrade your safehouse, but no way to bolster defense or reinforce fences.-Lot of players are experiencing problems with launching. No patch coming to fix it. Some cant play at all, Valitating files before each launch seems to be the only fix it for some.- No real notable change in graphics quality. low looks about as good as Ultra, albeit ultra is a bit more crisp around the edges.- The whole purpose of the new edition was a graphical overhaul which isnt noticeable and to fix bugs that shouldve been patched in the original.Overall this game is in a leauge of its own when it comes to the oversaturated Zombie genre..Incredibly enjoyable for what it is. If you are a first time player its more than worth the price. However if you bought the original and DLC's then 30 dollars for the exact same game is ecessive, More so since the Devs boldy bailed on fixing the original, forcing owners to ""Upgrade"" for the full price. Worth getting it on sale at least. Sadly instead of patching the original this became the solution. Personally Im looking forward to State of Decay 2 but not getting over optimistic. I just hope they dont bail on it later on and come out with another YOSE edition.* Update*After a few more hours im really hardpressed to not reccomend this. The freezing issue has only gotten worse as the game progresses. At this point ive found Breakdown entirley unplayable. its hard to see this as anything but a money grab when none of the issues surrounding the first release have been fixed and none of the bugs plauging this one have been addressed at all beyond blaming the player for the problems they are looking to address."
,Recommended,329430,33277599,Posted: 5 July,all,Zombie Cartel,"So I'm 2 hours into this game so far, I didnt know if i wanted to keep this game or left for dead 2.....but this game is great, it might just be the best zombie experience i've found it feels like the walking dead tv show but as a game. characters have perma death in this game, and even tho its 2hrs in for me there was one point i felt like i almost lost my character just from my weapon breaking and it scares me because the items and etc will be gone. I not saying to much to spoil the game for anyone but this game is the best zombie experience i've come arcoss so far to even get close to what we would want in a survival game. I highly recommend it."
76561198045347728,Recommended,329430,33012862,Posted: 29 June,all,Onetel2,"I tend to buy any Zombie game i see, even if it's graphic is worst than minecraft played on 20 fps, even if it's buggy as hell. I know i'm late, but until now i was NEVER happy with any zombie game until i found this one out.Don't get me wrong: this game is NOT flawless. It is full of bugs, the AI can be wierd sometimes and the Story is a bit ""meh"".. expecially when you get 20 side quests for each main story mission.But this is what makes the game great for me. The bugs aren't gamebreaking, at least not for me: You can abuse some to get double resources, and the 'bad' AI allows you to take a 1 v 5 fight with a melee weapon and get out with just a few scratches if you play it smartly .. or you can just take your guns out.I love the stealth this game offers you, sneaking behind 10 zombies and taking them out one by one feels just good.3 Different game modes ( one that offers A LOT to do to unlock every possible character and is really challenging and two story modes that are ""okay"") will make sure that you will play for a while before running out of things to doI would suggest this game over any other single player zombie game for now, despite the graphics and the AI not being the best.. but maybe this is what makes this game a bit more charming to me. Going back to the 'good old times' where graphic didn't matter and content was everythingCons: The game FORCES you to play every day. Every 24 hours (in real-life time) your resources will be drained a bit, even if you are not playing! If you plan on taking a break for a few days you must make sure to stock your base with plenty of resources or bad thingsmayhappen. But don't worry, if you don't play for 3 days the resources won't be drained anymore. This is just a way to make the game feel more ""alive"" and letting you worry a bit before logging out with a big ""Do i have enough stuff to survive tomorrow?""TL;DR : Buy it! :D"
,Not Recommended,329430,32397500,Posted: 13 June,all,Symplicity,"Epic bugs, like spawning juggernauts infront of you. zeds walking through closed doors, walls and even floors. road signs are refreshed but loot isn't. followers pulling mobs, followers runing off during a mission.  followers blocking doors like skyrim. followers doing no damage. roads disapearing, cars explode for no reason while you drive them. zombies are faster then you, jump higher then you. targeting has a delay, timed missions, you spend most of your time picking up people. 0/10"
76561198041108461,Not Recommended,329430,32031496,Posted: 28 May,all,Kuriousjorj,"So much mediocrity.  Tries to do too many things, doesn't do ANY of them right.  Thumbs down across the board.Total fail of a game.EDIT:  I'm trying to play more even if just to get my money's worth... amazing how you pretty much gotta deal w/ the game mechanics as part of the inherent difficulty of the game itself.  Even now, I had to exit out because my character was stuck between a bench and a wall.Even something as simple and common as closing doors becomes a glitchy chore that may get you killed.  Real fun when you're being attacked by a horde.    Also gotta love the huge fat zombies literallty spawning in the middle of the house.  Unbelievably terrible mechanics at work here.BreakDown:  same crap, just increases in difficulty, replaying the same damn mapLifeline:  So glitchy, I tried to play it twice, both times, game-breaking bugs caused me to exit and lose hrs of progress.  So gave up on it.FINAL CONCLUSION:  mediocrity, bugs, tedious gameplay, no story, inexusibly bad game mechanics = total fail"
,Recommended,329430,35194984,Posted: 24 September,all,THE BAAATH,I wish to spend more hours on this game as it really grasps me with its features.
76561198094333927,Not Recommended,329430,20233316,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,pfeffer,"I've not been on Steam as long as a lot of others, so I've never written a review before. State of Decay YOSE looks like it could be a really fun game, however, i""ll never get to find out. It crashes every 5 minutes and it's really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. I'm gonna try to get a refund but I've never done that either so i don't know how thta's goons go. Do not get this game, you'll never play it mare than 5-10 minutes at a time"
76561197986981646,Recommended,329430,32001044,Posted: 27 May,all,Leprechaun,"ONEof the best zombie apocalpyse games.You have alot places to build bases,you can play as other people,It doesn't get boring after 10 hours.This game has also got 2 DLCS which are pretty good too.This game takes around 20+hours to complete,but if you're new to this game,you'll need to restart 2+times because you ♥♥♥♥ed up somewhere.It's worth if you dont have standard state of decay. 9/10"
,Recommended,329430,33300277,Posted: 5 July,all,Dihgg,A true zombie apocalypse experience...  i liked
76561197999732737,Not Recommended,329430,20201048,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Marta,I can't Launch it.
76561198098333920,Recommended,329430,34998911,Posted: 16 September,all,Gusti,Maybe one of the best survival zombie out there in steam and the game mechanics is great 9/10
,Recommended,329430,31198530,Posted: 17 April,all,Jimbo Bobby,"I absolutely love this game. I have had it on diffrent platforms first xbox and now pc.The game is all about being leader in a zombie apocalypse where you will have to gather resources, help people out and upgrade your base in order to survive. The storyline is alright but the gameplay makes up for that. If you don't mind the slight repetition then you will enjoy the game as much as i do. I can't wait for the second game where there will be multiplayer."
,Recommended,329430,31107701,Posted: 12 April,all,My Summer Spider,"If you are sick of H1Z1 just survive going nowhere try this.No base building,crafting,animals or multiplayer.Car handling is pretty crap,melee and shooting are ok.Overall as a zombie survival game I think it is pretty good even with bugs.Looking forward to SOD 2."
76561198048855333,Recommended,329430,28962331,Posted: 2 January,all,☜☯☞Englands☜☯☞,"Make your stand against the collapse of society in the ultimate zombie survival-fantasy game. Explore an open world full of dangers and opportunities that respond to your every decision. Recruit a community of playable survivors, each with their own unique skills and talents. Design and fortify your base against the relentless hordes of the undead. Perform daring raids for food and ammunition, and do whatever it takes to live another day."
,Recommended,329430,33196644,Posted: 3 July,all,Grimlock,เชื่อว่าถ้าใครชอบซีรี่ย์ TWD ก็น่าจะชอบเกมนี้ด้วยเพราะแนวคล้ายๆกันเลย ตามหาผู้รอดชีวิตมาเป็นพวก หาเสบียงมาไว้ในค่าย เป็นเกมที่เล่นแล้วเพลินมากๆเกมนึงเลยทีเดียว ข้อเสียหลักๆของเกมนี้แทบจะมีอยู่ไม่กี่อย่าง อาทิเช่น ไม่สามารถเล่นกับเพื่อนได้ ถ้าไม่อย่างนั้นความสนุกจะทวีคูณเข้าไปอีก แต่โดยรวมแล้วถือว่าเกมทำออกมาได้ดีมากๆ ยกนิ้วโป้งให้ทั้งสี่นิ้วเลยเอ้า..... 9.5/10
,Not Recommended,329430,19825311,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Visbee,This game is very badly optimized Its a fun game dont get me wrong but if you have the ordinary not Y.O.S.E version keep it and if youre computer is crap definitley dont buy it its very overpriced also
76561198105789074,Not Recommended,329430,19361130,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,WALTER WHITE,To be honest the game has a lot of glitches.I have only bought it because it was a summer sale.It is not worth 30$.5/10
,Not Recommended,329430,15594832,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Heckapoo,If you have a previous version of the game I think you do not need to buy this game
76561198041079051,Not Recommended,329430,17099382,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,dudajeff,This game is a joke my computer can run CRYSIS no problem but can't run this game which has terrible graphics without lagging massively. Plus many of the games graphics settings are locked and cannot be changed which is just plain stupid. I would not recommend this game to anyone.
,Recommended,329430,33118167,Posted: 1 July,all,My Profile Picture is Unreal,"Needs multiplayer. Waiting for State of Decay 2. Overall though the hour I played of this was amazing, it just needs multiplayer."
76561197989206876,Recommended,329430,31987444,Posted: 26 May,all,A Sneaky Poptart,"Probably one of the funnest zombie survival games I've played, ever.  I bought this originally on the 360 back when it originally came out, Year One Survival Edition, and on the Xbox One.  I have probably over 300+ hours over the three platforms.  It is a little buggy in spots but it was originally an Xbox Live Arcade title with a very small development team so it KIND OF gets a pass.  If you pick up on sale you really can't go wrong.  State of Decay 2 comes out in the 2nd half of 2017 and this is a good way to prepare for it. 9/10 for me."
,Not Recommended,329430,32899255,Posted: 27 June,all,awesomebunny6498,"I bought this game in hopes it was actually good and it really was at the beginning. Sadly everything changed and from a smooth going game it transformed into a damn crashy one where the screen was black but u could still hear it, and it was so freaking bad that it didn't matter what i did it wouldn't close the game either and on rare cases when i could see the screen and was able to ""play"" it was basically unplayable and it was extremely buggy and everything was just horrible and to put the cherry on top it froze my computer and i had to turn it off because nothing was working soooo yeah i honestly dont recommend it."
76561197971073999,Not Recommended,329430,32860256,Posted: 27 June,all,shelledfade,"Ok for a single player zombie game. Leaves a lot to be desired though.The game doesn't offer real base building. Static locations you must choose from that have static ""slots"" for putting certain buildings like cooking or medical; isn't exactly that exciting in terms of gameplay these days.What IS fun is looting and running around, managing durability on your car and weapons. Leveling the characters and choosing their specializations.The lifeline DLC was a disappointment. It's pretty much identical to the regular game, only this dlc puts you in the perspective of an officer in a military outpost rather than the perspective of a civilians point of view. When I first saw the new map I was pretty excited to go running around in it (finally an actual city-map?) but you soon realize that almost 80% of it isn't actually accessable and there are no large building type locations, just more of the same basic small town-type locations identical to the original gameplay.The biggest problem for me, and why I don't recommend this game, is that its still a fairly horrendous console port. This game is totally unstable and crashes quite often, and I had to figure out that I needed to lock the frames to 60 in order for it not to crash consistently, which is pretty unacceptable these days.Also the available graphics options are still as horrendous as they were in the original state of decay. There are no individual settings that you can adjust, just 1 graphics slider that goes from low to ultra basically, but you've got no idea what its actually changing from setting to setting which is unacceptable.Driving around is still glitchy as hell and the game stutters and jitters frequently when driving. It also sounds like the car is bumping into the road or something occasionally when driving. Unacceptable.Gameplay gets stale and repetitive very quickly.Like I said, it is an okay single player zombie game to play for a little bit, but other than that, would not recommend."
76561198006986338,Recommended,329430,26976221,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cowkiller,"if you like  zombies ,  guns and cars  then this game is for you , if you like   a good story  and replay  gaming then this game is  for you .  if you like building a base to stop the  zombies  from eating you while  your  sleeping then  this game is  for youyear 1  is a good  game to  play  waiting on the  next chapter"
76561198121573185,Not Recommended,329430,15870155,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Poney de Nuit,"Freeze, Bugs, Glitch, stuck in Windowed Mode..This is UNPLAYABLE !I regret my purchase !(170h on the first one without problem - i have a core i7 - 12G ram)need to be patched !"
76561198049104197,Not Recommended,329430,31985320,Posted: 26 May,all,schmuckatelli,"Got this game on sale for like 8 bucks and I couldn't make it an hour into the game.- The physics are awful. The character model clips through the terrain a lot- the ""beautifully remastered 1080p graphics look way too dated for a 2015 game- movement and combat feels clunky and jerky, like there's lag or something- inventory management is a pain- the stamina system serves no real purpose except to pause the action during long fights so it can recharge- driving doesn't feel fluid at allBasically, it felt like a chore to play. It felt similar to Dead Rising, but somehow even worse. Cannot recommend."
76561198186645671,Not Recommended,329430,15600807,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Turboweed,Ive downloaded the game and now its saying a need to download DX11.  So i downloaded it and restarted my computer and its still telling my that DX11 is required.  Can i have so help please
,Not Recommended,329430,15707210,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,MeKo,"Great game, to bad i wasted my extra gear by preorder. becuase being new to the game and all and you dont learn how to call till town two and u see ur extra specail bag and call for it but ur in a building and zombies destroy your limited edition gear. thanks A holes!"
76561198048568093,Not Recommended,329430,15782810,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,General Sam 123,how do you even get past the loading because i get a black screen is this supposed to happen i do not want to go pay for a game like this again for 30
76561198156814060,Recommended,329430,28515868,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,chrysalistar,"The game is good and i love it!but if the player can control or give order to the other community members, it will be even better!because sometimes, no one guarding the tower!"
76561198106616285,Not Recommended,329430,34718572,Posted: 3 September,all,Xor,"After finding that I enjoyed the base building aspects of Fallout 4, I thought I'd give another game that emphasizes this element a try, so I purchased State of Decay: Year One Survival Edition. I liked the focus on building your base and defending your group of survivors, collecting resources, and fixing stuff. I liked the ability to switch between characters and level them up. In fact, I was looking forward to that: a mix of multi-character RPGs and FPSs. Overall, however, my impression of the game is mostly negative.First of all, this is a ""permadeath"" game, which means that if one of your main characters dies, you can't restore a previous save and get them back. The developers and afficionados of the genre would call this a feature, and, for those people, it should be available, but it should also be possible to turn this off. Just tell the player that having a permament character death be part of the authentic survival experience, but offer the option to restore. With permadeath, your game play has to necessarily be very conservative, just like, you know, in real life. You can't experiment: What if I just rush in and start slashing? What if I enter via this door or that? Sure, but then you could lose the character you spent hours building up. Ugh.  Isn't the point of a sandbox to experiment?Second, the game mechanics are buggy. Zombies in walls, PC and NPC occupying the same space (e.g. when climbing ladder), awkward attack animation, ice-skater walking animation, etc. There are also nuisances that may well have been intentional, such as the inability to trade items with another player-controllable character or to drop items. Once you pick up an item, you either have to stash it at your base or destroy it. You can't put it back into a container you're looting or drop it on the ground for another payer-controllable character to pick up. Lots of things that the developers should've fixed for their Year One edition.Third, the player gets inundated with quests that don't have a clear sense of priority. This may be intentional or not, but it leads to a frustrating first-time experience. In most RPGs, you have a choice of when to accept side-quests; in SoD, tasks (problems) just keep getting added to your journal. Should you deal with the character who is sad or angry first, because they are causing morale to drop, or help some trapped survirors because Lily said, ""better hurry,"" or advance the story line via main quest, or ... ?Overall, the game is built on a great premise, but sloppy execution and adherence to the permadeath doctrine made it unenjoyable for me."
76561198051862190,Not Recommended,329430,16181850,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,.ili.,"1. loved ""this war of mine"" and this looked similar.2. Reviews here said this had software glitches, PC running hot etc.3. Got it any ways... then..4. Played this for 20 mins or so and my PC crashed :(5. Lesson learned: TRUST the reviews !!"
,Not Recommended,329430,18295683,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,BEATLES FAN24,"This game really doesn't improve on much. The graphics are still crap and you can get better graphics with mods form the first game. I'm sorry but the Devs ♥♥♥♥ing ripped those off who already bought the first game, which includes me! Most of the ""improvements"" in this game can be achieved by mods but you still have a lot of people defending the crap practices of the Devs and acting like please ♥♥♥♥ me more sir. I don't have much positive things to say about this game besides it being just as fun as the original. Those who don't have the original will most likely buy this game but those who have the original don't bother at all but remember they cut support for the original. Just go on to nexus and look through there you’re a lot better off installing mods then wasting your money on this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ cash grab."
,Recommended,329430,32059550,Posted: 30 May,all,S_Kuro,LOVE THIS GAME...
76561198154927431,Recommended,329430,32057657,Posted: 30 May,all,Deus Belmont,"This is the best Zombie game ever!!.. BEST!! I already addicted to this one..Looting.. Driving... Rescue.... Tower Defense.... Comunity Management... Random Mission...This game have all you want, believe me you won't regret to buy this game, this is PERFECT...but one thing I don't like about this game... GLITCH, the f*ck*ng Glitch, please developer.. please fix this...1. Survivor stuck in a car2. Survivor stuck everywhere3. Zombie walkthrough the door like a ghost"
,Recommended,329430,32142255,Posted: 2 June,all,Zombie,"I would only recommend this game if you're just getting into the State of Decay game. If you're a returning player then don't bother buying it. It's very close to a copy and paste of the original, the best it offers is a few bug fixes and what not but nothing major. It's a great game but only buy it if you're a new player."
,Not Recommended,329430,21602053,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,tmb2k,"So initially I recommended this game. Undead Labs released a Content Update in November of the 2015 year and I thought that perhaps they would revive development for the game and maybe start bringing in even more updates and DLCs... Well, that's clearly not the case. This game is dead, don't expect anymore development for it. They simply retextured and remarketed the same game and created a huge dissapointment."
,Recommended,329430,32041675,Posted: 29 May,all,Gad3824,Addictive and intense storyline... the graphics makes you dizzy after hours of gaming!
76561198070719684,Recommended,329430,33339929,Posted: 7 July,all,[NCE] Dirpy Turtle,"It's pretty good. You kill zombies a little slow, and the story is utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ But other than that it's good"
,Recommended,329430,24131497,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,TheeMan,"One unique zombie game that you want to play but otherwise may get mad at but in the end you know its just a game.The game does have a few issues, like zombies spawning out of nowhere and getting you potentially killed at higher levels, but you learn to manage it (as you should be using survivors with Ninja-sneak perk anyway).Overall its a really fun game that I'd recommend to any zombie/survivor fan."
,Not Recommended,329430,33406092,Posted: 9 July,all,gatherer818,"Yeah, not only is the offline progression thing terrible, but the monster spawning....  I had cleared an area ahead of time before opening up a garage containing an infestation.  I scouted and cleared all the houses around because I knew I might need a place to retreat.  I opened the garage up, two screamers and a juggernaut spawned OUTSIDE the garage (in addition to around 30 more zombies), stunned me, and ripped me in half.  Permanent character death, no save to reload.  Oh, that was my special high-stats character from buying the game TWICE, by the way.That was after the one faction I was friendly with was wiped out while I slept overnight, of course.  Because I had to work 12hrs yesterday so I went a day without playing this game, so all my progress besides character levels was lost."
76561198006412514,Recommended,329430,32017128,Posted: 28 May,all,Formy Zee,"So yeah,,Even though I promised my self not to buy this, since I bought the ""original"" when it was released.I don't like paying for the same thing twice,,that's what you do buying this,,still got all the bugs + a few new ones.What you get really is a badass charakter and increased brigthness ingame,, no more no less imo.""ok so here comes the angry rant and thumbs down??""NO..even if I think it's a ripoff and it got all bugs and wierd sh*it going on, it's still the best zombiegame I've ever played.""well 7 days to die beats it"" but it's not really the same type of game.I like the camp management,,kick your fellow survivors in the butt when they are losing hope, or popping their heads of if they get to sick ;)In short I got this love/hate relationship towards Undead Labs..Love you for giving me this game,,and hate you for not spending those""extra few minutes"" to fix the obvious bugs..you can do it..we have the technology ;)I hope...that you make all this alright in SoD 2,,,co-op and bugsupport.Anyway...I actually do recommend this game.. I love it ""and hate it""Edit: Worth It??Might add: I bought it at the sale 6-7€ or what ever, and well it's a paid patch, so I paid to play as Gurubani Kaur really ^^ She's a pretty badass fighter.Would i pay 27€ as a owner of the previous non-yose version?..I..would...not!Would i pay 27€ as a first time player of the game? Yes I would, but check ingame vids on the tube first, if you really do like zombie survival games like i do, it's easier to be more forgiving."
76561198146626722,Recommended,329430,32017561,Posted: 28 May,all,Robert Lewandowski,the game its a little fun but yeah u learn how to survive
76561198012949704,Recommended,329430,33284157,Posted: 5 July,all,Kurono13,"Finish this game on both story and lifeline. Breakdown is fun if you like looting and team building as you advance the level to lv 99.  I enjoy this game alot and yes there are alot of stuff which should be fix and some benefit that should become universal for both Xbox and the PC. Problem is that people would argue saying it not the end of the world but it suck to feel like a less favorite child ( PC ) then the Xbox version. I am talking about the bonus hero and the weapons + content which they no longer offer for the PC system or just perk for the older version of the game. So you will have to fix the stuff wiht the mods and any mean nessessary for you to enjoy your game according to your vision. Some might say it wrong or cheating but hey, it not a competition at this point. You playing alone in this game and the purpose is to enjoy the game. So after install and uninstall for over 17 time to get the game to work with the mods, the game turn out to be really fun. The concept is interesting and you can keep on playing in the sandbox of breakdown.Overall the concept is wonderful and the style is unique which the developer come on the right track. Enjoy the game until state of decay 2 coming out. Have fun !!"
76561198130725299,Recommended,329430,33294917,Posted: 5 July,all,electrobob,mount and blade with zombie ... 10/10 would play again
,Recommended,329430,33298131,Posted: 5 July,all,machinegunsam,It's what a Walking Dead game should be.
,Not Recommended,329430,16734617,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,☠WhiteBeard⚜BlackWolf☠,"I do not recommend this ""update"" if you already own the original game, it's just a small update that should be free, it's worth nothing seriously, they probably spent less than 2 days on this crap.It's barely a ""remaster"".Also, the new vehicles skins are horrible, seriously, it's just horrible, where did they got their ideas, in a cereal box? Come on, it looks like the idea was taken directly from kids, heck, even kids can have more imagination than that.That aside, the game itself is okay, honestly, it's more bad than it's good.This game is kind of overrated, people says it's realistic, that it is challenging and hard but none of that is true.First of all, the graphics are disgusting, common modern console game.The textures are also ugly but that doesn't really matters, does it? The view distance though... was this game made in 2005? Right, graphics and textures doesn't matters, but when the graphics are all crispy and annoying to the eyes, well, it's not a good thing, can we just have something natural without all that bloom and blue crappy effects?Textures wise, doesn't matters too much to me, but considering how small is the map and how few content there is, well, it should at least have one good point, it doesn't, lot of weapons? Right, have you seen how ugly they all are? And how generic they all are? There must be about 8 sounds for all the weapons in this game, pretty dumb isn't?The maps (there are two maps, one for the base game and for one Lifeline).It is not even fun to use melee weapons, nor guns, it's all so mediocre, the handling is as bad, and the physics? I don't even want to talk about that, talk about realism, I didn't know that a car could fly away or even do a rotation of 90 degree just by pushing it with another car but like... really softly.The map is kind of boring, for a first time, it's average, after a few hours, it is just boring.Realism isn't there at all, yeah, your people dies, that's it that's all, that's all what's realistic to it, and most of the rogue-like games have that setting and they're not ""realistic"" for that matter...You don't even have to eat, to drink, to sleep, fuel for vehicles? Nope, but vehicles that explode for nothing? Yes sir! People loves unrealistic crap such as cars that gets destroyed by punching it barehands (sarcasm).Bad optimized? Yes sir!Anything good in this game? No sir!This game is seriously a waste of time, I don't understand why people like this game so much, yeah, it's unique in its genre, the concept is great but it was badly made.And I wouldn't recommend to buy this game, if you do not own any State of Decay and never have bought it before, you could get it for about 5$ but not more than that or it won't be worth it, playing it once to the end just for the experience, at first, you'll think this game is good but once you start to see all the flaws it has, you won't find it as good.There are other flaws but I'mma stop it here.I bought this for about 20$ even if it would be 1$ It would still not be worth it, it should be a free update, not asking for free things here, but their incompetence doesn't really makes me want to buy more of their games, they could have sold this if they added a new expansion which would add even more content and a new map, not just crispy disgusting effects.3.5/10 - Really good concept, badly made.Things to make State of Decay great:-First person along third person mode.-Better melee gameplay-Better firearms gameplay.-Game made for the computer and not a crappy xbox port with crappy controls, seriously... what were they thinking about?...-Better textures for all the weapons, don't care about the rest but it would be great if it could have a minimum level of quality.-Better and farther distance view (no thing such as smokescreen just to hide all the ugly stuff they made).-More than one map and they should be bigger than this one.-No shiny ugly graphics, just natural graphics, it takes much less on the computer, it's easier to do and it's better looking.-More gameplay mechanics such as being able to mod weapons.-Better community building such as having more stuff to build, being able to build a house almost anywhere which means that you could get in a normal house, you'd have to put some fences yourself and decide for yourself what kind of fences and where to put them exactly, you could also not put any.-Bandits, I mean like, not everyone are good you know? Why aren't there any bandits/raiders?-(random) encounters, why are there no scavengers? No adventurers? And I mean people just wandering for their reasons (adventurers, scavengers, survivors, etc).in this game.-Dynamic weather and perhaps seasons would be great? But optional.-There are other things but that would be a good start, if you can't even do that, you should just quit making games because it just doesn't works.Overall, the concept is good, but it's a bad game that you may either like because of its uniqueness or hate it because the game itself is a big flaw that is full of flaws."
,Not Recommended,329430,33255702,Posted: 4 July,all,babby formed,"I cannot get over the infantile writing, dialog, and voice acting. That is some cringey, console based♥♥♥♥♥♥marketed to a teenage male demographic. The controls are wonky and you cant jump over fallen trees and fences easily. Combat is buggy and twitchy.Back to the voice acting - ♥♥♥♥ing disgusting. It's the type conversation you hear where you want to vomit at how bad it is. When silence is better, you get this."
76561198262101679,Recommended,329430,32276839,Posted: 8 June,all,mchrisman2011,"One of my most favorite survival games, PERIOD.  So excited for State of Decay 2.The main story is short; my biggest comlaint.  Then you have to give a little bit of a negative mark on the repeating game style.However, it's amazing how they set up building a base, the IMPORTANCE OF MAKING SMART DECISIONS, the influence system is creative, and the story, while SHORT, is still GREAT.  In addition the other game modes are enjoyable and a must play.Graphics, sub par for today's era.Gameplay. AmazingCreativity.  AWESOME"
76561198026362340,Recommended,329430,33018234,Posted: 29 June,all,Pill Cosby,"aside from the shadow bug (fix below) it is a great game!""aydark  has State of Decay: Year-One Jul 5, 2015 @ 8:10pmI have flickering shadows as well, on GTX 770 here. For me, it's related to using 16:10 aspect ratio (my monitor is 1920x1200 resolution). It's just one of the bugs related to that aspect ratio. Undead Labs is aware of the issue, but I haven't heard anything about a patch yet.If this is the same problem for you (that you run 16:10 aspect ratio), then try this workaround (which works 100% of the time for me).1) Move the camera around until you are looking at one of the glitched shadows (I usually use a large tree or the power lines in town, which shadows show up as zig zags on the road).2) Open the display options, change the aspect ratio to 16:93) Go back to the gameplay and wait a few seconds, the shadows will ""reset"" and work properly4) Go back to the display options, change the aspect ratio back to 16:105) Go back to the gameplay and the shadows should reset again and be working properly.Sometimes, I have to try options 2 - 5 two or three times, but it eventually works. Unfortunately, I have to do this every time I start the game up.. but the shadows remain working for the rest of that session at least."""
,Recommended,329430,33347663,Posted: 7 July,all,Rick,"Better Graphic, Best Zombie Survival and Work with mods too :D lolCan't wait for State of Decay 2!"
76561198039038361,Not Recommended,329430,32753642,Posted: 24 June,all,zmey2k,"this is a third content update and it is bad, the game is very hard the spawn is just around your back and it spawns immideatly so you cant play stealth you cant play kill them all, it just rush in and go. Stupid and not realistic worse than original again."
,Not Recommended,329430,33284102,Posted: 5 July,all,TheRealDerpaherp,I loved the Xbox version but this is much glitcher and a bad port for PC.
,Recommended,329430,31204475,Posted: 17 April,all,Smoking big doints.,"I played the first State Of Decay (as in not YOSE) on my brothers account back when we shared an account and I bought this when I got my own account before we both knew what gameshare was. Now that the backstory part is over...Im giving this a positive review mainly because I can and I did enjoy both the original and YOSE version of the game. What really pushes my buttons is that this is 30$ and the original was 20$ (I could be wrong, most likely wrong). HOWEVER this game has only 2 loading screens, 1) for entering the game apon start up 2) when returning from home with certain characters.This game can really keep you on your toes hell maybe even make you want to levitat off the ground at those really REALLY intense moments where your favorite survivor is in a very bad place. Each ""spiecal"" zed/zombie (however you want to look at it) can make you change your strategy in an instant. For example: Bloaters, for some odd reason you packed a shotgun with you and you see a bloater coming at you. You also see a feral zombie off in the distance and now you wished you didnt pack a shotgun (or revolver, or gun without a suppressor) and you want to get away. You sprint away and then the feral spots you and then pounces on you. You manage to kick it off ya but the zombies around the area are overpowering you, next thing you know, your character is then RIPPED IN HALF by the feral making you want to break the monitor since that was your main guy. By the way, once a character is dead, HE (OR SHE) DEAD FOR GOOD. I mean its one of those games.Dont rely too much on one character (Hence the sick, tired, and wounded system) or else you might want to uninstall the game.The Bloater-Feral was based after a true story by yours truly.I still think the game is fun, even with 79 hours of playtime by the time I wrote this review. Plus I have not been focusing on the storyline since I always screw it up so I stick with Lifeline and Breakdown more often."
76561198271795021,Not Recommended,329430,20128706,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,jaydenhiggins29,"It does not work but, it does let me on the front title page. After I have started a new game it  go's black then subtitles come up saying 'holy s***, holy s***'. it only shows the map and objective with black background.I do not recommend this game unless you have a gameing laptop or computer."
,Recommended,329430,32001180,Posted: 27 May,all,Tiger Weeds,This game has the largest selection of real life firearms I've ever seen :)
,Recommended,329430,29955634,Posted: 15 February,all,The Reptilian Reaper,"Very good game i love it. I got a new computer and had to redownoad every thing and found this game,i played it some more and got into it again i would reccomend buying itmif you like zombie survival games. it does not explain how to play but its quiet easy to learn and very fun once mastered. the DLCs add more play time and somthing new i would say to buy this and play it and give it a good review it is a amazing game."
,Recommended,329430,32756149,Posted: 24 June,all,Providence,"It's fun. It really is. There is a lot of content, especially with the YOSE edition here. It is definitely worth a Steam Sale purchase in my opinion. I've sunk two days straight into this game, failed every attempt, and yet i keep coming back for more. They gave you just enough freedom to explore and yet constantly bombard you with the needs of yourself and those of your fellow survivors. They did a fantastic job giving you the feeling of trying to survive on the fringe of death. From the good moments like easy loot and saving people, to losing them the very next day or getting swarmed and losing it all but a couple.But, BUYER BEWARE! This game is incredibly buggy It has yet to ever crash, but companions disappear, zombies cheat, key mapping sometimes make absolutely no sense, the camera wigs out a little from time to time, I personally cant even run the game in Full Screen. Cursor selection goes crazy and then stops responding. Windowed works just fine at a non native resolution. Yep. Those are the kind of bugs you can expect. Mostly nuissiances more than game braekers, but the company should have honestly patched these.All that being said, I love the game. It has made me excited for the potential of their upcoming State of Decay 2 and I will continue to lose settlements and survivors to the outbreak. Day by day."
,Not Recommended,329430,32473012,Posted: 16 June,all,funshineking,game runs like crap. if my pc can run skyrim i should be able to run this. the fram rate is poor constantly jittery. the controls are really sketchy to. probably could be playable. but way over priced. feels like a budget title
76561198244822678,Recommended,329430,23809985,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Weldhead,"I Like this game overall. The combat system should be a little better in my opinion, but it`s a fun game where you fight for survival :)"
,Recommended,329430,32087446,Posted: 31 May,all,h.barkas,"The main problem with the game are the bugs. It starts with setting the resolution. Interestingly the game doesn't accept 1440p, it's either 1080p or 4K. Another thing is the quality setting which is restricted to max by default although you can get a modded config from the nexus that unlocks ultra settings. There you can also get 2K texture packs and other mods to enhance your gameplay experience.The most annoying bug are the flickering shadows in 4K that can drive you crazy. There's a no-shadow mod to circumvent the problem but I think that's not a valid option to fix this bug. Better try Realistic Shadows Mod - SweetFX - FOR VANILLA - FOR BREAKDOWN - FOR LIFELINE by SilentResident on the nexus.The zombies clipping through walls are a minor issue in comparison.All these bugs that still exist after years hold the game back from being a great game instead of being only above average.Despite the bugs which can mostly be squashed using mods it's an interesting game and you can experience memorable moments while playing. The game world is detailed and large with no loading screens thanks to the CryEngine.I can't recommend the game at full price. Although it's well worth your money if it goes on sale for under €10 and if you have the patience to do some work on polishing the game yourself with mods. In the condition SOD is sold I rate it 6.5, with mods it is 8.5/10."
76561198048996633,Recommended,329430,30848123,Posted: 31 March,all,davidguo0708,"Very nice game if u like zombie and survive, the sandbox and permanent death system makes game awesome"
76561198056763670,Not Recommended,329430,21321748,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Valsor,Spent the last 3 hours constantly getting yelled at over a radio to go help people I dident care about nor had any relivance to our survival. I was already full up of survivors from the other endless fetch quests they had me running around on. To cap it all off I tripped over a hay bale runnng from the zombie equivilant of the Hulk and watched my guy get ripped apart......again.Storymode is goodBreakout is terribleOnly bother playing this if you enjoy being treated like a dog told to go fetch an expired newspaper every 5 minutes5/10 overall
76561198121728734,Not Recommended,329430,19835993,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Bratboy2004,I played it for a while but now when i play its just black screen soooooo sad :'(
76561198045147690,Recommended,329430,28246009,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,[ONS]Emanouche,"Got this on Xbox 360 when it first came out, so technically I probably have over 50-60 hours playing it combined. It was the only reason I kept coming back to playing my xbox at the end of the life cycle. Amazing, you build a community of survivors and you have to scavange the map for resources and such. Original SOD is awesome and story driven. All DLCs are included in this version of the game: Breakdown DLC, is pretty much sandbox game in which you can play at building your community up until you run out of ressources to scavange in the map, then you can move on and start over carrying a few survivors over with you and doing so increases the difficulty. Also you survivors (in all game modes) can perma-death, which adds to the tension. Lifeline DLC is another story mode in a new map that let's you play as the military; that means, more guns GUNS GUNS, haha. Overall the complete package is a must buy, get it on sale if you've already played it in it's original form, don't hesitate if it's your first time (unless you want to, I'm not your dad). It's a game I will always go back to... until State of Decay 2 comes out at least.EDIT: This game when it first came out was 2nd only to Minecraft on XBLA sales."
,Recommended,329430,32000589,Posted: 27 May,all,Hobbzillian,"I wrote a review for Techraptor 2 years ago.https://techraptor.net/content/state-decay-year-one-survival-edition-reviewSummary: Good, but uneven."
76561197988670389,Not Recommended,329430,24660846,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,ZeroDivide,"I like survival games, and I love zombie games.  And this is definately a Survival zombie game.But my love for these kind of games can't best the hate I have for games that let enemies spawn 3' behind you where they immedately grapple and knock you down.  It doesnt happen often, but the respawning zombies is completly out of control here.  You can clear a small room, turn around and see enemies respawn.   See a group of 15 zombies?  toss a molly at them, burn them down and watch a new horde of zombies spawn in their ashes.  In an empty field? Better watch your back, a special zombie will likely pop and jump you.Worst of all the game 'runs' when you have it closed.   If you want to heal health/stamina you are forced to log off.  Dont play for a day?   Your resources still drain (and drain they will, at best you will always still suffer massive resource loss every 'day').Then there are the little things.. Find 4 medical bags you want to bring home?  You can only hold one, and cant store them in cars (trucks work, if you risk glitching).  Expect to ocasionaly get grappled though walls, have cars you are driving randomly suffer damage or flip over, and worst of all is having critical quest npcs run off infinately in some dirrection so that you have to reload and hope the game didnt auto save and corrupt your entire game.Plus sides. I love the concept, and the voice actors are nice.  and it has enough guns and melee weapons that you have several choices for each character.   Unfortunately that cant make up for its down sides."
76561198033894389,Recommended,329430,31991838,Posted: 27 May,all,Mickeybob,sandbox zombie/building game i love it
,Recommended,329430,31994318,Posted: 27 May,all,Snoopy,"It's not really what I expected and it's not the best, I enjoy it but not really a game you can spend hours on without getting bored."
76561198060807434,Not Recommended,329430,19193495,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,dave.middlebrook,"This was a great game until undead labs decided to update it with only 1 gaming group in mind. Those who want a hardcore experience. So for the rest of us who just like a great all round gaming experience, which is what this used to be. Tough! there's no option to change the level of difficulty, so unless you like everything set to very difficult, forget this game and keep looking! I'm very upset about the update because I invested twice in the game after year one came out and now I find it so unplayable that I uninstalled it from my machine."
,Not Recommended,329430,21092094,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,kaisehun000,This game... is so terrible i mean ive tried so hard to bare with this game but... the sound crashes then the game crashes no matter what you do and you cant save the game yourself it auto saves... id give this games graphics proformances and other effects ... 0/10 just terrible dont even bother to look at this game
76561198061718143,Not Recommended,329430,15665593,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,njgamer,im new to the game it's a good game not a great like (the avalonian-the android-the australian) this is like evolve game it's not a full game and in the game the zombie Climbs the home fence or wall and in the Design wtf Chemistry doing in the workshop Chemistry Should be in medical lab and so on so on i say if the problems solved it's Worth A Buy for know it's for now it's good for a gift
,Recommended,329430,23556916,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Bull the Ork Decker,"I'm not really a fan of the Zombie genre, but this game is a blast to play.  It can be quite challenging, but the different game modes, the randomization of events, rescuing survivors and building up defenses are all fantastic and gieve the game strong replayability."
,Recommended,329430,23783404,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Thanatos - Lord of the Dead,"This review came about as a product of my own fear whilst buying this game. The negative reviews had made me a little on edge. I can now, safely say that this product deserves a positive review. The game is fun, replayable, and unique as it focuses more on survivor progression and communities of survivors than blowing zombie brains out (Although there is a fair bit of that too)  And in this way it creates a sort of tension as you fear for you survivors and their lives as you develop a connection to them. Overall this is a unique experience that I would reccomend to everyone who enjoys zombie survival games.Now, to address the negative reviews; Although I can understand why people who bought the original game would be annoyed, I also would like to remind everyone that when you write a review it is for the game, not the developers business practices. At the top of your review it says ""Write a review for State of Decay YOSE"" NOT ""Write a review for Undead Labs""I reccomend all new players ignore these reviews as they are not aimed at you, but the devs."
76561198021156845,Not Recommended,329430,20510170,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Alex,Pretty much what others have said: why should I pay for an update? Also: new bugs..!
,Not Recommended,329430,19355929,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Major Rage ™,"game wont load, last update brok it"
76561198022827683,Not Recommended,329430,16407097,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,ekenweas,controll are sitll mess up
76561197983113201,Recommended,329430,27940032,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ordon Draconis,"This is still my favorite zombie themed game.  Its too bad about all the controversy when this version came out.  Most of the bad reviews were from people who loved the game itself, but thought it should be free.  So, I think alot of people missed out because of the dropping ratings.  And who knows if that short sightedness may have cost us future products in this line."
,Not Recommended,329430,18355183,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,-=Shelly=-,This game is very nice. But the Graphic is very bad. No 21:9 or 2K-4K support.
76561198057118421,Not Recommended,329430,29223897,Posted: 13 January,all,Globbster,the game itself is a good game i loved it when it came out but that was on xbox 360 and on pc its really badly optimised
,Not Recommended,329430,16881333,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Julian,State of Cash Grab
76561198007905472,Recommended,329430,28773793,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,m.carmas,I dont normally do reveiws but this is a reall great game. Its free roam zombie  world do what ever you want to do.This game will kill your main characters with no remorse. you will miss them and youll become attached to themThe only thing I hate about this game is that it crashes a liltle bit. its well worth the buy.I love it. One of my favorate games
76561198031520009,Not Recommended,329430,16409229,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,lover_of_dragons,this is a good idea that did not work out when you can't even save the game it auto saves only and even after over an hour of playing it does not save that is just unforgivable for a game of this type can't get myself to play this when everything I did is not savedEven when I go to sound options and change them it still wont save every time which is a real problem with the game that I really want to love but cant
,Not Recommended,329430,16486773,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,darkninja339,So far i have not been able to play this game because it keeps telling me DX11 is required for some reason even though i have DX11 installed
,Not Recommended,329430,16407361,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,rocklobstr0,"I bought this becuase it was on sale. This game is so poorly optimized on the PC that my xbox plays it better. Seriously, save your money."
,Not Recommended,329430,32955333,Posted: 28 June,all,King Malotroth,"Pros:Base Building (boring and tedious)Cars (discouraged by characters, attracts zombies)Guns (suprisingly common too, albeit them being discouraged by characters, attracts zombies)Multiple Player Characters (as interesting as this sounds, I would have prefered a leveling system instead)Decently Large Map (definetly a good point, able to explore freely from the start)Cons:Few Memorable CharactersVery Little PlotGets Boring QuicklyWeapons/Cars Break EasilyBuggy Zombies (glitching inside of enclosed safe areas, missing a swing and landing anyway)Very Poorly Optimized (low framerate and unstable gameplay)3/10, not fun enough to finish"
,Not Recommended,329430,21818516,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,SophisticatedShutIn,i just got this game and i cant ecen play it! there is some kind of bug with my mouse where i have to be in the bottom right of the screen to even have the curser over the start game and when it loads its so glitchy and lags so much that its unplayable
,Not Recommended,329430,16408050,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Money,"25 Mins in, the game is showing me how to switch characters. When I do so, it goes to the autosave screen and stays there for eternity. Anytime I switch characters, it stays there. Buggy game, to bad because it looked like a ton of fun."
76561197986670230,Recommended,329430,16842629,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Chaos,"Short version:Standard Edition Owned = 5/10 - Skip it (unless making ammo in Breakdown is essential for you)No Version Owned = 8/10 - A really great zombie game with some slight RPG elements and a solid survival feel.Long Version:Having put a metric ton of hours into both this version and the old version, I can with confidence say there are some significant differences between the two.  Firstly, the actual entire reason I bought the YOSE version after having bought and played the standard version is that you can have the Munition shops now make ammunition in both the base game as well as breakdown.  This alone makes a significant difference in the gameplay experience, if you are one of those who enjoying going through all the levels of Breakdown.  It makes skilling your survivors out in guns skills actually worth it, which is something I wanted desparately from the start.  However, this REALLY should have been a free update rather than a whole new buy.  This fact alone makes this a hard pill to swallow and has made me question if I would buy anything from this company again.Graphics are much improved, however stuttering is still a big problem, mainly when driving around at high speeds.  This is particularly noticable in Lifeline as there is a lot of smoke and fire effects with most of the map being highway full of burning wrecks.  You need to have a beefy system, quite a bit more than even the minimum specs as it doesn't appear to be well optimized for PC (surprise surprise).  Even with an 8 core with 24 gigs of RAM and various Gforce 900 series cards, I still get significant framerate drops while driving around.  However, it is still impressive given there are no loading screens for the quite large open map.Still, it looks nicer that the standard edition, but runs worse.As I said, you can now craft ammunition in breakdown and the base game, which is a game changer (for me anyway).  You can make snacks and coffee in the kitchen now as well.  A few more vehicles have been added like the Army truck from Lifeline is now available in Breakdown, as well as the ability to repair your vehicles in Lifeline, which is nice, not having to just ditch the Army trucks when they start smoking anymore.For me, most of the bugs from the old version have been cleared up, but some new different bugs have been introduced which can be just as annoying.  No more driving at full speed and then for no reason the physics engine decides it wants you to visit the moon, and launches you  500 feet into the air.  Your survivor then automatically bails out of the car mid flight, and you get to watch as one of your best survivors plummets to their death with nothing you can do but watch in utter horror.  Now however, doors/gates seem to offer very little benefit  with stopping zombies, since about 50-75% of the time, they just walk right through them, which can make things particularly frustrating (and deadly) in Lifeline sieges.So all in all you get a cleaner interface, some animation changes (blades skill animation has been tweeked slightly), better graphics, a few (very nice) guns, some olds bugs replaced by new bugs, the ability to craft ammo, snacks, and coffee, and some new survivors (Lifeline characters have been added to Breakdown).  If you own the standard game, and none of the things mentioned interest you, then I'd say give this one a pass.  If you don't own the standard copy and like zombie games, then I would absolutely recommend you get this version."
,Not Recommended,329430,16459501,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Teasy-T53,"game is over all a great story line, but not so good play. the game ,to me, would be alot better, and a lot easier to play if it wasnt in third person, or could be switched from 1-3 person. i would recommened, but because of the fact that i cant play it in third person because it is very lagged,i do not.thankyou"
,Recommended,329430,23498485,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,jinsei88,I read a lot of comments before buying games and tho people seemed to complain a lot I tried it because it seemed perfect for me... and it ♥♥♥♥ing was!Yes the game has bugs and yes if you have played the previous version before then this might not be for you. If you are new to this game however and you are looking for a zombie survival game in the style of GTA this is just perfect! I can overlook some of the bugs like zombies poofing through a closed door and had so much fun. I even got my first heartattack today where a 'Feral' jumped on me. I did not hear it comming haha.Play the story line to get used to the game or play in breakdown where you can get into a RV with Lilly and 4 survivors you rescued and progress to the next level where things will slightly get harder for you. Then there is the last playable mode called Lifeline wich I have not yet played a lot myself but looks fun so far aswell where you are the military and defend your base on the edge of a over run city while you escort survivors.Overal I am enjoying this game very much as I was looking for a GTA styled game with zombies (Saints Row just didnt do it for me haha).
76561197972463153,Not Recommended,329430,16180389,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,tclarke221,"I have not been able to run this game since I purchased it. It fails to launch everytime and I get the error, ""UL Launch application has stopped working"".  All of my drivers are up to date and current, any suggestions? I cannot recommend this game because I haven't been able to play it, honestly, I'm feeling a bit ripped off."
,Not Recommended,329430,16234564,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Rogerio Castro,don't buy it. Not enough not enhancements/adds over the original.
,Recommended,329430,20900177,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Sub Zero,"If you enjoyed the previous State of Decay, you will enjoy this one too. Forget all that bad reviews that you have read this is the same game but a lot better. I know there are still some small bugs, but do not interfere on the fun, as on the previous one. And there a lot of new things such as new mission in Breakdown, new weapons, new vehicles, UI improved, new combat moves.Graphics are a bit better, it uses the same engine CryEngine 3 but with improved animations, texture bumps, a better draw distance and a 1080p resolution. If you like open-world zombie apocalypse games, you will love this game!"
,Not Recommended,329430,15615038,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Cr8ToR,It's like EA payed DLC / minor patches...no !I love this game but greediness of devs is amazing.5/10
76561197982780933,Not Recommended,329430,31616628,Posted: 7 May,all,KFC_bucket!,gets more depressing as you play you think the people that make this stuff would make it funyou die then die again and die again WAY too many zombies eveywhere you go drive a car oh theres zombiesgo here more zombies oh yeah more zombies even the show walking dead has lesssave your money
76561198166043286,Recommended,329430,32052766,Posted: 29 May,all,Happycakes,"Extremely fun game, would be cool if there was a first person mode tho"
76561198051298671,Recommended,329430,32053651,Posted: 29 May,all,Jimmeh Gibbs!,"TL;DR: This game may or may not be for you, it just depends what you're looking for. DO NOT listen to all of these negative reviews. Go into this game blind for a challenging zombie survival experience, with unique characters and world building. Catch it on sale if you can as well, it'd 150% be worth its current price.Being a fan of the zombie franchise, I can say I truly adore State of Decay. Personally I picked up the old State of Decay on its release of my Xbox 360 and I loved every bit of it. When I saw it on sale for $7.49 remastered, with full DLC's I've never tried before, I jumped to buy it. I've got to say, it's better than it was 3 years ago :DA lot of people give this game harsh reviews because they're so picky they don't know what would actually satisfy them in a challenging zombie title. This game is hands down better than many other story/sandbox zombie games out there such as Dying Light, which wasn't a very bad game, an actually well done zombie FPS actually. The grittiness of State of Decay is what gives it its charm and uniqueness; the permadeath, the fact that you can get invested into every single character and play as about 90% of them is just so cool, especially for a title of its time. Now that State of Decay 2 is going to launch within a year with Co-op, I'm telling you that'll be on my wishlist."
76561198112526184,Not Recommended,329430,32108100,Posted: 1 June,all,♚Primus♚,Immernoch verbuggt macht es kaum spielbar anfangs spaß aber den wenn die ganzen guten leute durch nen bug sterben ist es vorbei
,Recommended,329430,33154907,Posted: 2 July,all,Dynamii,Pretty chill and fun
,Recommended,329430,33184322,Posted: 3 July,all,MichaelKN,GG
,Recommended,329430,32001372,Posted: 27 May,all,Lord Salty,"Has the normal Resolutions all the way up to 1920x1080, then skips 2560x1440 (my Native Resolution) for some reason and has 3280x2160 as maximum Resolution, I'd have no problem playing on this Resolution if it didn't constantly have lighting errors (I have it set to Maximum Graphics settings, turning it down to 1920x1080 seemed to fix the issue) but thanks for the seizures regardless."
61198322561328193,Recommended,329430,33568495,Posted: 15 July,all,❤ Nikkita B ❤,"Firstly dont underestimate my game time as I have had this game on xbox one and racked up well over 300 hours.I am seeing Soo many negative reviews based on performance and ""broken game"" and I personally have NEVER experienced ANY bugs or bad performance. Im playing this game on max settings at 1920x1080 with the lowest drop of fps to 110.State of Decay is not perfect as some of the features seem awkward and stale. The areas you have to explore are a little dim and small, But personally I think for breakdown atleast ""but maybe would have worked with the original story and lifeline"" a procedually generated map would have worked 1000x better IMO and would give you Alot more replayability. simply put..think of diablo II style map generation on state of decay, that way its not start game go to memorised location for best gear and guns e.g military stash's etc.But besides my negative rant..I would and DO recommend this game to anyone looking for a GOOD zombie survival game9/10- Nikki"
,Recommended,329430,28976273,Posted: 3 January,all,ChopinPopper,so far so good.This game make you really think what would you do if you're in zombie apocalypse
,Recommended,329430,32377064,Posted: 12 June,all,Bladezx,Always good to revisit old games :P. May be outdated but certainly still entertaining.
,Recommended,329430,26997068,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Goat,"So this game is a few years old at this point, and far from perfect (some glitches and framerate issues persist) but it's still a great game.  I like zombie survival games, and own several of them at this point, and State of Decay and 7 Days to Die are the two that really stand out.  State of Decay is more like Grand Theft Auto: Zombie Survival Edition, and it's a ton of fun.  Seeing as they just announced the sequel at E3 2016, I'm super excited to see what the developer comes up with to improve the existing formula."
,Recommended,329430,32128057,Posted: 2 June,all,Sunshine,"This is really not a bad game at all! I find that the reviews don't give it justice. I understand that some people are frustrated with the fact that the devs released YOSE as a new version of the game rather than free, as the devs allegedly claimed they would. I'd probably feel the same too. However, as someone who didn't own the previous version, this is a decent game overall.This is basically a mix of indie GTA game with survival/zombie aspects. There are multiple missions that will pop to do, either in relation to your group of survivors, your allies or main story. There's an interesting variety of survivors to play with, and multiple locations to base as your home, as well as various basic melee weapons and guns.That said, there are some issues with the game (low FPS or FPS drops, dated graphics) and the gameplay can be repetitive. But I got this on sale and I find it was just the right price, I got my money's worth. I'm looking foward SoD 2."
76561197967345468,Not Recommended,329430,32859072,Posted: 27 June,all,DonOsoDeLaSierra,"Wish I could play this game. I changed the resolution and now all I can see is a small box in the top left of the screen. Tried changing the resolution through steam, tried taking off fullscreen in steam, tried creating a file to change resolution and saved it to the install folder, and nothing. I am so tired of this nonsense."
,Not Recommended,329430,32033813,Posted: 28 May,all,Mr. Finger,Buy Dying Light instead.
,Recommended,329430,33332934,Posted: 6 July,all,Ghostly,I love this game can't wait for State of decay 2
76561197995620101,Recommended,329430,33580295,Posted: 16 July,all,zwober,"So.. i put in a few hours worth of gameplay into this, only to restart it today, and the save was gone. From what i gatherd, it does this so often, that its worth backing up your local save-file. i would call that gamebreaking, or at the very least a reason for me to not continue playing it. Hopefully i future bugfix will sort this out, but right now im quite miffed. as for the game in itself, not bad - i did loose Marcus but i enjoyed the feature of moving on with another survivor. i did not enjoy being hounded by tasks, often doing the same thing as before, almost as if Preston Garvey had infected the game."
,Recommended,329430,28953106,Posted: 2 January,all,"Dr. P. Ness, Attorney at Balls","Just to be clear, this game has no multiplayer. The tags are submitted by the players, not the developers. Reporting the tag enough times will remove the tag altogether and clear any confusion."
76561198236830812,Not Recommended,329430,24162924,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Langstonb7,BUGGY! It's crazy buggy! Zombies get stuck in fences! WTF?
76561198019563370,Not Recommended,329430,32660044,Posted: 22 June,all,Ateszkoma,"For this price, I am not expecting a GTA for the sandbox environment, nor a Dead Rising for the zombie theme, nor any Tycoon game for the management system. However, this game has deceeds all of this to a new level of deepness. If I couldn’t Alt+F4 out during critical moments (which you will probably do a lot with the buggy gameplay), I would throw this glitched, unpolished, soulless♥♥♥♥♥♥out in the garbage in the first 5 minutes.Don't buy this game."
76561197972401145,Recommended,329430,28897141,Posted: 1 January,all,RasaNova,"I liked this game enough to buy it twice! Played the original when it came out, then grabbed YOSE on sale for $15. No regrets, looks great, and the updated game feels like more than just cosmetic fluff. THe changes are subtle, but noticable... Driving feels smoother, zombie behavior seems more realistic, more variety with quests, weapons, vehicles etc.For anyone who owns the original, it's up to you if you want to spend more money on the same game but if you haven't played this yet, grab this while it's on sale! One of the best zombie survival games out there, it's the closest thing I've seen to The Walking Dead in video game form."
76561198145399357,Recommended,329430,32753580,Posted: 24 June,all,ey b0ss,"I can see why people give negative reviews if they have previously owned the game before YOSE came out.. but as someone that bought this new to the game I can't see all the hate.. Sure it has its flaws, but I'll be damned if it didn't scratch my itch for a simple zombie slayer-town looter.. My major downside for this game is a lack of multiplayer, this game just screams co-op gameplay which thankfully has been answered for the next installment of State of Decay!"
76561198102809076,Not Recommended,329430,33300766,Posted: 5 July,all,Uzi nine millamida,"Good game on offer hear; though, I feel the price tag is a bit steep as I found the game to get quite repetitive after doing a couple missions. It needs something more unique to make it stand out, but as of right now I would not recommend."
76561198192575565,Recommended,329430,34046681,Posted: 5 August,all,Brosck,"I realize that people who bought the original game and its two expansions were♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about basically buying the same game again, but this review is based on the game's merrits.If you're looking for a great zombie survial game, you definitely want to give this one a try. There's a steep learning curb at the beginning, but once you figure out the the keys to the game it's a lot of fun. There's a lot of strategy, an element of hack and slash, and you can even drive around mowing down zombies at will.The graphics in the initial game were a bit glitchy, but much of that was fixed in YOSE, so everything seems to be sound on that front.I realize it doesn't say I've played much on steam, but I've beaten the game many times on xbox 360... it's a pretty satisfying experience, and because of getting different characters every time you play, every game has some elements of being different.There are a couple of knocks on this game though... one being that it does get monotonous after you've beaten it several times... the other being that there is no multiplayer function.These issues are supposedly being addressed in State of Decay 2, which I'm looking forward to playing... we'll just have to wait and see."
76561198009116100,Recommended,329430,34063364,Posted: 6 August,all,Bazinga,"Probably the best Zombie-Game I have ever played. Replay factor is very high, as there are different mods and dlc´s. Especially the Breakdown dlc is very nice and gets a higher difficulty level whenever you finished it. No problem with cancerous community members, because it is a single player title.Good storyline, free or cheap dlc´s and a real good atmosphere. The fighting system favours melee combat, exept in the Lifeline dlc. If you got a lot of patience, you can even avoid most zombies by sneaking and hiding.I own both games (the original and year one), but there are no big differences between them. If it is on sale for a low price, I would recommend to buy it."
,Recommended,329430,34205989,Posted: 12 August,all,Icia,Great
76561198217801301,Recommended,329430,34364191,Posted: 19 August,all,Fjellski,i like this game though it's 2017 hahahabut ihope they can fix the bugs and the glitches
76561198034143880,Recommended,329430,34414483,Posted: 22 August,all,PocketRocket69,pretty good fun and addictive
76561197972659935,Not Recommended,329430,29071534,Posted: 6 January,all,mike_berlin,Honestly? No way to fix resolution and screen off-center bug in 2+ years since publishing a game?
76561198272782261,Recommended,329430,32427130,Posted: 15 June,all,thomashanson94,it is a good gama
,Recommended,329430,32417520,Posted: 14 June,all,Ram Wrangler,"Its pretty buggy and has a lot of repetitive content, but overall its fun."
76561198353180974,Recommended,329430,32451271,Posted: 15 June,all,KZX Clan Aiden,"awesome survival game, pretty beast!!"
76561198040476475,Not Recommended,329430,21237455,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Smokey,"3 times now i have experienced game breaking bugs there has killed my survivors :(1st time the menu opened up and bugged and kept switching between 2 options rapidly without you could close it down even after i died and game loaded the menu showed up again and kept doing the same thing, which lead to every survivor slowly got killed and i could not do anything about it since game was locked in a bug2nd time my survivor got killed was when a mission was about to trigger and all the zombies killed us while the small cutscene took place so again nothing i could do :/3rd time happened when i was supposed to climb down a ladder from a watch tower & game decided to not register i was near a ladder, which resulted in i fell down 40 feets and diedEnd of my review."
,Not Recommended,329430,21116078,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,forceableworm,This game has to may bugs each time i run over a zombie it will crash the game. Plus it wont let me even play the game when i load it up the loading screen is in the top left corner and i could not move it down. On the other hand this is a awsome game i have play state of decay on xbox when it first came out. i love this game but please fit these bugs!
76561198013848877,Not Recommended,329430,21598656,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,ɥɐɹpʞoɹǝ99,ok i have only played 7 hours to date and here is my thoughts.UPDATE: i am not going to waffle on this going back and forth. today i had a real issue getting the game to even work. the start up screen was windowed and would not respond in anyway with the mouse. after getting it to run the ai went bat♥♥♥♥♥♥crazy and i had no protection even inside my base. i was killed after a battle that should have drawn some attention. there was no guard in the tower and even when i was inside the gate the ppl were running right by me and not helping. i have had fun playing this and will have more fun playing it but just be aware there are issues. these issues should not be in a completed game. would think they would spend a little time to fix these problems but i know this is not going to happen. this will be the last game i buy from this company. if this company will release this with the problems it has they will release more games with other issues this i am sure of. the rest of my review stands. this is not a game breaker but it sure does not bode well for gameplay in general.i have played many zombie games and this one stands out as being one of the best. as with many of these games the mechanics seem to be the same. the same melee same third person view same same same.though it stands out to be among the best it is not without its flaws. i have read many reciews mostly the negative ones to see if i agreed. on some issues i do and some i do not and here is why.the ones i do not agree with are those that already owned the game that are crying that it is no improvement. well in all honesty most times it is not an improvement but a reskin of the same game as this is. though i do not own the original i can already tell that is what it is from reading so many reviews. it seems like a high percentage of those negative reviews are by those people that owned the original or those that played it on xbox and wanted the same experience on pc. fact is that will never happen as the two are so diffrent from hardware and player machanics i.e. keyboard verses controler. and if you look at those reviews alone your looking at a high percentage of 80 to 90 percent.to console users i say gfy many developers wouldnt even be creating games if not for pc and now pc is suffering due to all the cry baby antics of console users. most developers haven given in way to far to console players in general and that pisses me off as well look at bo3 for example. if not for pc users call of duty wouldnt even exist but now pc users are of no consern to the development of cod. ok on with the reviewcons.it does have flaws not magor but nerve racking in general1 the ai is wonky as hell i have experience the tower guard not being on duty and almost being mauled to death outside the gates.2 the zombies do respawn at an alarming rate. you will clear an area and run back to it after dumping off supplies just to find that there are 2 or 3x the amount  respawned. that in itself is garbage and shouldnt be.3 zombies will be in walls in fences in trees... umm ok4 after updating a base i run out for more supplies just to get a warning someone is sad and giving up? really i upgraded the base to make things better just for some ai to get sad and leave?5 it starts in window mode even after ive set it to be full screen? i have to go back and reset it everytime i play.6 lack of settings. again this is a port from a console so not much thought was put into the settings for pc.you have sliders that hardly work for everything. using a mouse on these is very hard and it seems where the pointer is  isnt accurate at all you have to fiddle with the mouse to get it just right to even attempt to use the settings.7 no save feature though it does this automaticly i am sure if you leave without it saving your going to lose things. that is why you leave after it says saving. lolthough these are bad and really bad  they are not deal or game breakers. the ai of the base though can be argued.the graphics are not that bad and i do not get where people are saying they are. only thought that comes to mind is they are on a very old pc with out dated video cards or something. the graphics are not fantastic like a new gen game but they are not horrible either and on par with say dead island or better then that i should say but not by much.again i have only played 7 hours to date but i have enjoyed it very much. the keyboard control is a bit weird but easy to get used to. the only part i am having issues with is sneaking and hitting z while moving. sneak is c and to kill a zombie while sneaking it requires z. all the while moving with the standard keys w a s and d not easily done.fighting is almost exactly like dead island but has other parts that dead island does not. that is what makes this game stand out. the looting and finding things though i agree with finding to much of certain items like twinkies for food.with not having owned the original to compare this to and having to judge this on its own merit i have to give it a thumbs up. it is not a horrible experience regardless of the many bad reviews it has been given. it is fun and i suposse it could become boring but if you play a certain game hours and hours sure its going to repeat and get some what boring. thats when you exit and go do something else and dont expect the game to get better when youre tired of doing it.i would buy this on sale it is not worth the 30 dollar it is being sold at. it is fun it isnt fantastic isnt worth 30 but on sale id buy it again.
76561198034904690,Not Recommended,329430,21691341,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,clahja,"Fun game at first, but gets boring and repetitive after a short while. Seems like they had an idea for a game and then took a lot of input from the usual never satisfied gamers, you know the 'wouldn't it be cool if it was co-op?' or ' let us build bases but not have to manage them' or ' I want to play as a (fill in the blank) type person'.Bottom line it is a third person sandbox zombie survival game. No stratagy needed, no tactics and very lacking in the rpg department. Worth $30? No. Worth $10 sure.Pros:Open worldVehiclesDifferent styles of guns and melee weapons.Cons:Vehicles are to weak. A ♥♥♥♥♥ slimy rotton zombie is not going to total a 1/2 ton military pickup with a reinforced gated bumper. And really all I can put in it is 4 duffle bags of stuff, wish I could have told my Sgt. that in the army...lol. Oh and stop sighns and other little stuff causes severe damage to your vehicle too, and some of the zombies laugh at you cause when you come back, they put all the stuff you tore up your other car on back up.Combat is very clunky, have a zombie right in front of me, but my toon goes 5 steps away to hit a different one so that one can now get from behind. Partners are a hindrence, best to just leave them behind. They will hold one while your hitting three and get mad when you don't hit the one they are holding.Video and graphics are typical low budget stuff. A lot of pop ins 20ft away, makes it kinda hard to drive at max speed then suddenly a broken down car pops in or a horde right in front you. Then again, the pop in happens when you're walking and running.....SMH.Menus are a very bad port job. Sometimes they glitch so bad that keyboard shortcuts are the only way to make them work, mouse is yuky to say the least. No tooltips or very vague, scroll doesn't work well at all.Tutorial is basicly ' you are a survivor and zombies are everywhere, go make some friends and kill zombies.....end tutorial'Bottom line, good concept but poorly executed game. DLCs are just more of the same with achievement unlockers (see listening to whining gamer input) and a quick cheap storyline for the military. Game is steril and incomplete, would hate to have seen it before the graphics update. Best thing they could do is open up the sdk and let people mod it into a good game."
76561198136228232,Recommended,329430,21783130,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Steve,amazing
76561198315917409,Recommended,329430,25889882,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,wolf.mclarsen,This game is super awesome but the mechanics are a little weird and its glitchy some times but when you get used to it like I said it is great especially the DLC breakdown and lifeline.
,Recommended,329430,34745668,Posted: 4 September,all,johnnyskull619,"I had originally bought this game when it firstc ame out on XBox 360, and there is alot to do and can captivate for hours. The constant missions and threats to your people make things interesting, but some of it a little irritating. Be prepeared to lose people and have many repeat missions even though you went throught the trouble of clearing areas completely. Wide selection of people, guns, and skills to play with make each person interesting to play with and sometimes not worth the effort (smokes alot, drinks alot, runs away), but warm bodies are warm bodies. I would recommend buying it for 15-20 bucks, any more and you won't be as content you did. I still pick it up and play it from time to time."
,Not Recommended,329430,21063926,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Mr. Grim,game should have coop. weve been begging for it since development.
76561198053954100,Recommended,329430,32438519,Posted: 15 June,all,NoBull,"This game has definately been a love hate relationship. This game is great when it comes to the gameplay. I was never a fan of the original story or life line but i really liked breakdown because its just an open world version of the game. You start out with 1 melee weapon and 1 med. find a camp, build it up, go out scavanging, help people, fight zombies (which can actually get extremely intense) and protect your people. has a close feel to the walking dead. Its definately addicting. BUT! there are bugs which can sometimes get pretty frustrating and the menu system just feels kinda off. also the map does feel kinda small for this style of game andthe graphics could use a little more work. Since the gameplay is so good i can over look the cons of this game. If you like apocalyptic survival games i definately recommend this one!"
76561198071626471,Not Recommended,329430,32395053,Posted: 13 June,all,Eisvogel,"You can have fun with the game, and overall it seems like a nice concept that can keep you busy playing and having fun. What makes it impossible to recommend, it's the countless bug and glitches as well as performance issues probably introduced with the DLCs  from what i've read. Breakdown is particularly garbage and starts to fall apart quite quickly between bugs and performance freeze"
,Recommended,329430,32425959,Posted: 14 June,all,ausmikeindo,nice game
,Recommended,329430,32473649,Posted: 16 June,all,Caydln,"I have over 60 hours on the original game, I got ever achivement and immersed myself into the world of State of Decay. And when 2018 roles around I'll be playing State of Decay 2 without a doubt. I'll even go so far as to say I support Undead Labs and all they create. They made a world I can go in and waste time and actually have fun doing it (well not really with Lifeline...no more lifeline please...)I never really understood why they chose to update the game like this however, I simply got it to have a more polished version of the game. But they could have easily patched the original game. My guess is with SoD 2 coming out they needed to make money (who knows really) So are the changes really that good? For me the answer is yes. The game over all looks a whole lot better and runs a lot better. It's still the same goofy story and same goofy (totally dead) Ed but it's once again the same world I love so much.So if you DON'T have the original SoD then...well you can't get it and you have to get this version. Maybe wait for a deal on the game or pay the full price i don't care I ain't ya momma...But if you do have the original I'd say just keep playing it. And wait for SoD 2 (which from what I hear is co-op so YAY!)On a side note I really wish this game was free for all the people who bought the original game. But I don't run the company so what do I know :P"
76561198075958715,Recommended,329430,32409635,Posted: 14 June,all,kyle11113,very good this is a must play if you like zombie games
,Recommended,329430,34557869,Posted: 28 August,all,❌George Reaper❌,one of the best zombie games out there! Dont let all the negative reviews fool you. :)
76561198048679475,Not Recommended,329430,34218489,Posted: 13 August,all,Brother Lag,"At first it seems like a well polished complex zombie survival game.You build up your base you gear up your people, you make sure morale is high and every one is happy.Then you log out, log back in next day and find 3 of your top lvl'd survivors missing, you log out, log back in  all 3 of them are dead your gear is gone, your time is wasted and you are left with the other alcoholic/lazy as covard psychopaths that you gathered.Just a big waste of time, causes too much stress, would not recommend."
76561198031009119,Not Recommended,329430,16403704,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Superchicken78,Thank you for Steam Refunds because this game is just bleh.  The gameplay and sounds remind me of Defiance....which was a very bad game.  I thought I was getting more of a DayZ kinda of game and got Mercenaries the Zombie Years.  Avoid this game.
76561198054066801,Not Recommended,329430,16413287,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Seth2Christ,Seriously?And no Multiplayer???
,Not Recommended,329430,16429776,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,AngryMinion,"This is just an unfinsihed cash grab. I never played the first one so I wanted to pick this one up, it's so bad I got a refund."
76561198093344025,Not Recommended,329430,16402263,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Blindman,"I bought this game becaue I enjoyed the origonal, although couldn't play it well as it would have incorrect graphical display, so lo and behold when I was shown this, I bought it immediately, and I got my wish, I guess.Its State of Decay, except, it has more bugs than the origonal, and thats saying something, I've launched the game twice now, and every time the exact same issue occurs, now in the origonal I could handle this bug, walking into strongholds for the first time would freeze the game for a few seconds, but no, now it just crashes, every time.So yeah, I love these games, but like a disease ridden dog, it would take a lot of work to fix, or we should just put it out its misery."
76561198002487280,Not Recommended,329430,34571412,Posted: 29 August,all,Hellscream,"Sound does not work in game or in the main menu. Checked forums for possible answers, but alas."
,Not Recommended,329430,34765904,Posted: 5 September,all,Dad,"I managed to play for like 9 hours and I really enjoyed it. Now my screen is black and although I can hear it when the mouse slides over one of the options, it makes no difference whether or not I can click stuff if I can't f***ing see. I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling. I've tried going on their website in search of some game support that could help me fix it and I couldn't find anything. I'm pretty bummed overall. Absolutely gamebreaking bug right there,"
,Recommended,329430,32017721,Posted: 28 May,all,Hydro,"State Of Decay YOSE is a fantastic game that fits well into the open world zombie genre and does what a lot of games in that genre fail to do. It adds a truly open world aspect, along with the survivor system of instead of just respawning, you play as another character and pick up your previous characters loot, which is honestly cool as **** and one of the smartest mechanics I've seen in any survival game.Pros:Open World done rightLot's of Zombies (Like DayZ and H1Z1 fail to do)Lots of explorationVehiclesGood controller optionsCons:No co-op or multiplayerBad framrate sometimesColour pallete could use some green.Overall I would definetely reccomend this game to any zombie fan as it is what a truly good zombie game should be.14 Twinkies out of 16."
,Not Recommended,329430,33588193,Posted: 16 July,all,🔥ass🔥,"The game is pretty addictive, but it only really gets fun when you have all of the guns. Not to mention, You only get a fair supply of them near the end. The game is EXTREMELY REPETITIVE. The game forces you to get your mentally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ survivors out of a mess every five minutes. Half of the ""side quests"" this game has to offer are generic ""look for the survivor"" or ""clear this infestation"". The whole idea of influence to buy weapons is neat, however, when the ""side quests"" give you ten each your forced to fill boatloads of cars to the briim with rucksacks to get more. It is so confusing how the game rewards you for saying ""♥♥♥♥ you!"" to your survivors and ignoring there side quests and having you loot endlessly. Not to mention that Lily ♥♥♥♥♥ nags you ever five seconds with the most annoying♥♥♥♥♥♥ ""Hey, you worked yourself like crazy, why don't you come home and rest."" If you are unfamiliar with this line, it is a tip the game gives you to switch the character your using. This might be helpful for people who are new to the game, but, she will continue to give this tip over and over and over again until the last mission. This also leads to my point about the mission system. It ♥♥♥♥ing sucks. You have to wait for missions and buidings to be done in real time. Main story missions can takek up to thirty minutes to show up. So while you wait, you have the option of doing there pointless ""side missions"". From my experiance, there is no point about caring about your neighbores. They essential are there for you to have a different set of supplys, which most of the time is signiffigantly worse than your own.This game has an extreme amount of technical issues too. For one, the doors in this game are so poorly designed. They provide an area of which the player or zombies cannot clip through when they are shut, however, when they are open you can just walk through the door and so can the zombies. Ive been caught off gaurd so many times by zombies clipping through doors. It is also common for some zombies to just clip straight through the door when its closed. Another small detail in the combat that pisses me off is when you are indoors you can use the ""z"" button to push zombies against the wall and then kill them. They always seem to bounce off of the walls like they just hit a trampoline. Another issue with indoor combat (also the ""z"" button) is that you can sometimes accidently clip into an object and get trapped after you just used a finisher on a zombie near the wall.If for any reason, you are considering to buy this product, don't. I would just wate for SOD 2 which is coming out next year. Even then, I'd be skeptical of any product coming from undead labs."
76561198056320203,Not Recommended,329430,19398697,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,NobodyandEverybody,"The, rereleased game, still has the glitches and annoyances of the first. In addition, IT RUNS WORSE. It might be a good buy for new players but is worth nothing to owners of the original, and still, frankly, feels like it is in early access.Main complaints:-Glitches Galore-Lack of feeling of completion-Repetative-Little NCP customization that is not redundant or requires mods-Base buidling works, but feels rudementary-Durability aspect is nice, but having to replace your weapon every 10 zombies is notAdmissions:-Have spent many hours in this game, despite its flaws-Lifeline is awesome-When not worrying about ammo, is greatly fun"
,Recommended,329430,30834245,Posted: 30 March,all,✪ alesana,"THIS GAME NEED THE SEQUEL. 100/100I enjoyed everything in the game, could have been spending a day with it . stop if only you need to ear or go bathroom. NEEDED a SEQUEL So BAAD, and MULTIPLAYER WOULD BE AWESOME"
76561198053552710,Not Recommended,329430,21030940,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,✖ButterflyEffect✖,Unoptimised garbage that feels like a console port.Also the game froze many times and also the game didnt launched 3 times.WTF is this♥♥♥♥♥♥Dont buy it and rather buy something else.
76561198389495981,Recommended,329430,33824346,Posted: 26 July,all,Deadpool,I wish this game was mutiplayer
76561198075680859,Recommended,329430,34975960,Posted: 15 September,all,Xerties,State of Decay: YOSEThe first time I died and it switched to another character I sat there for a second.  So after spacing out I figure I should go to the same place and find the dead guy and kill the zombies that killed me.  so then the 2nd person is dead -.- and now I’m just more frustrated not thinking about getting better gear I yet again go out and try to kill the same zombie horde as before.Now the third guy is dead and I am hell bent on killing this one zombie horde.so the game is over because I ran out of people.Would send an entire camp of people to their deaths again 10/10
,Recommended,329430,34803937,Posted: 7 September,all,Frankie,Fun
,Recommended,329430,34913946,Posted: 12 September,all,conflict,I love this game :)
,Recommended,329430,27043876,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Darkstalker Kaathe,Walking Dead Fans should try out this game !
76561198027924171,Not Recommended,329430,15973570,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Tenudin,Couldn't even get past the black screen to play the game. Tried several so called fixes but no results. That was a wasted $30.
,Not Recommended,329430,16298408,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Theomenkid_0,♥♥♥♥ off this is nothing but a horrible cash in they had a chance to make a great game perfect but instead they ripped the fans off and diddent care at all
,Not Recommended,329430,16120178,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Pounds ✓,"I can't believe how much lag I experienced with this game, I loved the original, I don't know what they did, but they ♥♥♥♥ed it up big time."
76561198053706593,Not Recommended,329430,16277105,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,duckky luckky,has not worked for me
76561198038779043,Not Recommended,329430,16232378,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,trickosb4stickoz,"Stopped working all of the sudden, installed, re-installed, nothing it just wont boot up. I have the YOSE edition, save your money and get another game like 7 days to die or h1z1 this game is garbage."
,Recommended,329430,31204168,Posted: 17 April,all,wizoz1984,Best Zombie Game I have ever played.
,Not Recommended,329430,33339325,Posted: 7 July,all,wroter,Who the ♥♥♥♥ was responsible for bugtesting this game? Was it Woolie?
,Not Recommended,329430,32923169,Posted: 28 June,all,DoubleU,"It's terrible.Look, the bugs may be funny at first, but shortly after, It's frustrating.The animations look way way less natural than those in 2007 games (What the ♥♥♥♥!?)Controls are buggy and also you can't customise controller controls (Again, What the ♥♥♥♥?!)You can't set the graphics to your liking. There is just one sliding bar that lets you choose from: Terrible/Medium/Good/Beautiful. You can't set the render distance which is annoying while driving.JUST BUY DYING LIGHT INSTEAD"
76561198041207371,Recommended,329430,23874136,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Dusty,I loved this game so much and only found out there is a state of decay 2 coming out cant wait i really love this game so much10/10 cant wait for SOD2
,Recommended,329430,23901898,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Elmocreed,"8/10advantages:great combatdelivers what it wants.open worldnot ♥♥♥♥♥♥cons:can crash if you have the wrong bits for the computer (try changing resolution if its a graphics problem, ya know graphics go awry but sound is still good?NOTE:dont listen to people not reccomending the game because tthey had to buy this version. they are just angry their money went to waste.this game is perfect for any post apocaliptic zombie, open world lovers out there.00!! have fun! well worth the money!"
76561198071581511,Recommended,329430,23932225,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Imabus,My love of open world games and zombies was well serviced here!although i did need to restart the game after halfway the story stopp progressing so i never had the option to move house!?!
,Recommended,329430,16868374,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Mojodamm,"Another game in the recent zombie survival genre explosion, State of Decay is one that plays more action/adventure rather than horror survival like many other recent examples.  Despite frequent strange gameplay bugs and some oftimes frustrating camera movement, SoD is a stellar, and more importantly FUN, game.  The three different modes of play keep things interesting and allow for lots of replay value.  All in all, I highly recommend it if you enjoy both the genre and third-person action/adventure games."
76561198040094794,Not Recommended,329430,24353767,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Cioby,Years later and still haven't fixed the shadow bug on 4K. What's the point in having a HD version when you can't even play it. Loved the game but isn't worth paying for it again. Buy this only on sale and only if you don't have the original version.
76561198054256031,Recommended,329430,17309791,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,PartTimeNinja,"I only paid a little under $9 dollars for this game, so I really can't complain about this game. Just wait for a sale, it's not worth $30."
,Recommended,329430,17234789,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,GAZA,"9/10  Its bloody GTA but in a virus infected world!!! Great game!!!PROS:Graphics are quite good and the graphic style looks coolGame runs smoothGood side-missions and storylineCan set a base and build up on that base with materialsYou can make a place you clean out and scavenge a outpost to store lootFighting is easy and funZombies dont spawn like every 5 minutes and sometimes only respawn if you go far awayTheres places where theres less zombies or zeds which is good for a baseCars look cool and function goodAI is really good and helpfull , its like a second playerZombies are fun to killYou can play as almost anyoneIt does not get boringIts like THE WALKING DEADGame has lots of potential and will become the BEST!!! , please dont make State of Decay 2 and just build on this one!!!Challenging zombies(zeds)... and a lot more stuff!!!Cons:The crosshair SUCKS and needs work its hard to get headshots from a medium rangeCharacter voicing is ok but people say otherwise i think its good , thats your opinionThere should be like a co-op which would be fun (maybe in the future??)Some zombies are just pests because theyre hard to kill (especially when you run out of ammo)Some bugs when starting game , have to exit and go in again a few timesYou have to wait real time for stuff to build (not that big a problem you wont even realise the wait , its so fun)SOME IDEAS:Put in multiplayer co-opPut a ♥♥♥♥ING BETTER CROSSHAIR!!!Maybe put some FirstPerson in it for shootingGive the game infinite possibilities and missions (that would be great!!!)Make base building more creative and build structures your wayDont put in a multiplayer it wont work good and will just be♥♥♥♥♥♥Work on the game day and nightI hope you found this review helpfull i may post more the further i progress sorry for the length but its a great game and get it NOW - NIKE - Just Do It!"
76561198082425336,Not Recommended,329430,32161355,Posted: 3 June,all,tyleulen007,learn how to program AI
76561197973150206,Recommended,329430,23287506,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Keldar,"English:I haven't seen the Steam Page for this game since it's release, and holy ******************************** , what's wrong with you guys??"" If you Relog, everyone is Dead "" Seariously? Never had this issue, one or two dead, ok, but everytime they were atleast "" Missing in action "" or part of an rescue mission. NEVER EVER was my base wiped out. Not in base game, not In YOSE Edition//DLC's"" I can't even PLay it, it needs DX11 "" Well, this is bad. But not really the fault of the Game, is it?"" Not worth the money cause.... Its just bad "" Most of this reviews got  a playtime under 5, most under 2 Hours. The Game is heavily grindy at the start.Kind of... Especially the Storymission slows you down if you are ahead/ want a new Base and have to go throught the neccessary Missions. That sucks, ok. But it doesn't make the game bad.Story Mode :You and your Buddy were camping as hell breaks loose. Youll fight your way down to an old church were Survivors hiding, and the fun starts. Almost every charactoer is kind of unique, and storymissions can have alternative Dialoges, perhaps outcomes with different characters. Hell Even sidecharacters from other survivor hideouts have Sideplots, if your lucky to stumble over them. Gunplay is way better then in the original, you can Unpack ammo crates for Ammunition, and the new CLEO missions are Pretty good. Atleast the loot can be awesome, unique weapons and stuff.Breakdown:Story mission without story. You fight your wayy throught hordes of Zeds, which get stronger with every run you make. As you go higher in the stakes, you can unlock more characters throught Challenges, there are fewer cars and more "" Hero""-Zeds. The Unique, Bad-**** I kill you in one swipe ones xD. Screamers, and sorts. Can't remember the names, sorry^^Lifelinebasically another story-DLC. Shorter, but nice enought to play throught.Overall, with its crafting, basebuilding and managing this game is awesome. i bought it for...20? or 15 bucks, cause i had the previous SOD when it launches, but haven't had the dlc's. So it was a hell of a deal.Is it worth the 30 bucks ? Kind of i guess, but when its on sale for 20 or so, get it asap. you won't regret it.German:Irgenwie hab ich kb mehr alles neu zu tippen ^^.Ich versteh die reviews nicht, lest oben, das spiel an sich ist der hammer. Hatte es damals als es rauskam für 15 oder 20 euro bekommen da ich die alte version auch habe. Ansich hat mich das spiel noch nie enttäuscht, das Gameplay ist gut, steuerung vll bissle hakelig, aber durchweg ein Geiles Spiel mit den verschiedenen Basepositionen, Räumen die man bauen und aufwerten kann und das Managen der Überlebenden macht das spiel eigentlich extrem laune.Und Breakdown, quasi der survivalmodus ist auch richtig hart. Man hat eben auch nur begrenzte ressourcen. Irgendwann ist alles aufgebraucht, man muss also immer wieder fortschreiten im schwierigkeitsgrad,wenn es im sale ist, definitive Kaufempfehlung. Wenn nicht muss man eben für sich entscheiden ob man das geld ausgeben möchte oder nicht. ein schlechtes Spiel ist das auf gar keinen fall!"
76561198058716216,Not Recommended,329430,15943148,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Brian,Make sure your Graphics card supports dx11. It is not enough that Dx11 is installed.Idiotic.
,Not Recommended,329430,29142074,Posted: 9 January,all,Pixxel Wizzard,"I really wanted to like this game.  An open world zombie game should be right up my alley, but I had to force myself to not give up on this.  It's hard to put my finger on why I didn't like it, I just wasn't having much fun.  The combat left a lot to be desired, in fact, I spent 90% of the time ramming zombies in a car, which got quite old after a while, but it's the safest, most effective way to deal with them.  But even the standard combat felt ""meh.""  Also, the missions left me feeling like an errand boy.  Go to this location, retrieve the resource, bring it back.  Over and over again.  So, after forcing myself to play for 5 hours, I finally gave up."
,Recommended,329430,19910880,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,BEING BLACK is BEING WRONG,"If you already own the original State of Decay on PC, £22 is not worth it. All it adds is a balance in gamma and includes all the DLC, which you can buy seperately. However if you have not got the original get this.The game is fun and has permadeath for the handful of characters you  can play as. You can hve more characters to play as buy making friends. The game can get repetitive as you go around trying to keep food sleep and supplies and morals high. But the story is not bad, the gameplay is fun, and the soundtrack is good! Defenitly worth it if you like zombie games. Each character is different and when playing it almost felt like an episode of The Walking Dead xD."
76561198136988873,Recommended,329430,23944885,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Kalipsoh,The negative reviews are just people complaining about bugs and how it doenst add anything new.So if you havent played State of Decay before then buy this game. Its amazing.If your a veteren of the franchise then just stick with the first one if you want.
76561198035527981,Not Recommended,329430,15705008,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,ckapollo,"You cant save the game when you want to, making it really annoying when characters you like die."
,Not Recommended,329430,15981321,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,lukey,"will people just shut there gobs when theryre reviewing this compared to there copy they already bought its stops the rest of us getting a clear image of what the game really scores and it scores a 3/10 in my book its lame, tedious missions are constantly repeating zombies are not much of a challenge its easy to survive and you are punished when you go to your real world job because when you get home someones is sick or ran away, and zombies have killed your neighbours who you almost have enough trust with too join your group also the world isnt very big i find myself driving the same roads all the time and after a week ive just lost complete interest in this game its the worse 20 quid ive spent on steam so far. i would recommend it if i had bought it for under a fiver Any 1 likes zombies try 7 days to die that 9/10 this state of decay is♥♥♥♥♥♥and i lack the will to get to the end of the game"
76561198083507070,Not Recommended,329430,16418699,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Bigbadbuzz01,"So far ive played 2mins of this mess of a game, first of let me start by saying the games pc port sucks quite alot because THE FRAME RATE IS BARLY EVEN STABLE!! on a pretty powerful machine and the graphics options are broken not even having shadow quality or anti aliasing, they said this version would be 1080p but it really isnt considering the aspect ratio doesent event go to full screen leaving you with thick black borders on your screen during gameplay, yeah the damn game isnt ever technecally 1080p so you may aswell just get the original game because its pretty much the same thing, dont buy this peice of garbage, and undead labs PLEASE!!! fix your sh@t!!!"
,Recommended,329430,18399759,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,StormFourStrings,"Really fun over the shoulder zombie shooter with long term survival as the driving element, this game feels like a combination of Grand Theft Auto and Killing Floor.This game has hundreds of references to zombie pop culture, and it's really great when you catch them. Unfortunately, the characters are bland, and the game is incredibly buggy.I'd recommend this game to pretty much anybody who enjoys zombies."
,Recommended,329430,18376931,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Raza,"things can get overwhelming with the amount of stuff you have to do!. you cant do everything in the game sadly you have 2 be wise in your choices of mission priorities, also keeping certain characters alive opens up new quests to them but if they die you cant finsh that quest thers always sumthin goin on its intense! either you are rescuing surviors, helping defend neighbours, scavenging for supplies or parts to complete a facility, seting up outposts, clearing out infestations, killing a certain zombie type in community 2 keep neighbourhood safe, building up your base etc etc alot goin down defo, and ontop o that u have 2 survive while doing all of this!! this has to be one of the most biggest maps i seen on any zombie game period!! it makes moon map on call of duty look tiny haha. If you bought the previous version of this game you get preppers pack & a new character a suv and some weapons. This game does make you think before you go out on runs i.e stocking up on meds weapons & guns/ammo etc.Alot of people have said this game should be coop its got all the makings of coop. you can play this game for hours literally there is a few character tweaks u can try for a challenge i suppose i.e reflex + heavy weapons. There are bugs in it but some make you laugh others look stupid but gameplay outweighs the bugs imo its got smooth gameplay also you have to be accurate when doing melee attacks because hitting them on stairs or hills you can miss swings/hits on them.ZOMBIES IN THE GAMENormal (4 -5 different types) /  FERAL /  SWAT / POLICE / SCREAMERS / JUGGERNAUT / BLOATER / INFECTED.id reccomend this game to any hardcore zombie gamer even has a hardcore mode (breakdown dlc)the game has 3 game modes: Story Campaign (SODYO), Campaign hardcore (BREAKDOWN) and  Army story (LIFELINE)iSOD YOSE you play through the story rescuing survivors along the way  build up ur base etcBREAKDOWN there is no story but your own you make all the choices and survive as long as you canLIFELINE you play as army soldiers and play through a story extracting VIP'S and defending your base from zombie hordes and learn of how the infection began. YOSE & BREAKDOWN are the same map in YOSE you are inclined to move to the warehouse whilst in BREAKDOWN you can choose anywere you want build up the area then escape.id give this game a 88 outta 100   (8.8 - 9)if it had coop then a 93/4 outa 100 (9.3/4)"
,Not Recommended,329430,15959347,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,shooter0987,after the loading page it goes to a black screen wasted 30 bucks on this sh*tty game
76561197972445514,Recommended,329430,18577761,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Hellbishop,"Probably the best zombie survival game out there. It has an open world feel in a town setting which helps immensely in making the town feel real. It was a surreal feeling as i was starting to learn the roads and ways to get back home recognising signs and houses as i drove by them while mowing down zombie hordes.Cars really make a difference making missions play out faster and a little safer though still quite dangerous especially when your vehicle has no driver side door allowing a zombie to pull you out of your car to make a flesh dinner out of you if you dont toss em off somehow. Having a car makes mowing down zombies which have formed a horde much more easier to tackle compared to the much more terrifying on foot melee combat. You will have many different types of vehicles at your disposal which feel great to drive and have a nice collision model with some good visuals showing car damage until eventually you have to abandon it as it begins to smoke eventually catching on fire. You can though with the proper base upgrades repair vehicles before they get too banged up.Of course you can always walk it which makes things much more dangerous as you have to bring food to keep your stamina up and medicine to deal with any possible injuries while evading any large gathering of zombies as the day fades into the night. You can defend yourself with melee weapons for close up combat and guns for long range attacks. You will be limited by what you can carry especially with supply stockpiles you come across but this can be remedied by using a vehicle for supply runs which allows you to load up multiple stockpiles to take back to the base where your friends and other survivors are.Going through houses and commercial buildings for supplies and survivors is creepy as you never know if there is just that one zombie you see slowly moving past a first floor window or if the place is infested by zombies in other parts of the house. With some stealthy movement you can scout the outside of the house looking into windows to get a possible idea of what awaits inside. That is unless a zombie sneaks up behind you as you struggle with it attracting the zombies in the house. Next thing you know the stealthy silence is shattered by an explosion of zombie moans and growls raging with crazed cannibalistic hunger for your warm raw flesh.Gathering supplies is needed to build your base and upgrade it over time allowing it to have more survivors living there while better dealing with the psychotic murderous zombies roaming the country side. Gathering supplies which are used daily, completing missions, bringing new survivors, keeping things peaceful between fellow survivors, cooking a nice big meal, brewing up a pot of delicious hot coffee among many other things helps to keep morale up at your home base. You will also gain influence points and fame which allows you to choose better equipment from the supply store and influence others to help you.You will be playing more then one character as you do missions you will become tired over time and need to rest. This is when another survivor can be asked to take the place of your current character out on the field while they rest up. As your characters grow and develop you will find yourself getting attached to them. When my characters died i was surprised just how it effected me and actually missed them afterwards feeling the loss along with people back at the base talking about their death.They also died in some incredibly blood thirsty gruesome ways which shocked even a gore hound such as myself. It felt strangely sad as another survivor i was playing came across my previous now dead character's backpack full of supplies as they picked it up to take back to base.The excellent journal log keeps tracks of all these events and effect it has on everyone. It is also used to give orders for things like base upgrades, seeing what quests are available and things like how other survivors are getting along with each other and the morale of the base.Weapons and vehicles can be repaired when the proper base upgrades are built. This is usually over night so it pays to use more then one type while the other is being repaired.Music is done very well setting the tone of a once normal world transformed into a unbelievable living nightmare which blends well with the home town family surroundings all around you constantly assaulting your mind with contrasting atrocities of flesh eating zombies feasting on the living.Graphics are interesting in the fact that they are not the greatest yet get the point across like a sledgehammer as you are suddenly witnessed to a brutal death and even more shockingly so if its your own.STATE OF DECAY: YOSE Day One Edition if i could call it one thing it would be the perfect George Romero's NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD simulator capturing a normal if not blissful country setting where unbelievable horror is occuring."
76561198121584436,Not Recommended,329430,16411438,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,teg07c,"Controls suckInventory systems suck""Combat"" is horribleGood idea for a game horrible implementation"
76561198134540767,Recommended,329430,30428975,Posted: 10 March,all,THErealpalacemaster,i love this game the world is pretty interesting the gameplay is amazing at one moment you could be sneaking by a hoard of zombies and looking for food and medicine the next moment a mother f***** zombie  comes out of a bush and rapes you from behind then of♥♥♥♥♥♥!! the hoard starts coming next thing you know a mother ♥♥♥♥ing fearl comes over the damn fence then oh crap your stuck between  a rock and ♥♥♥♥ing zombies  then yiu whip out your pistol only to kill  a few of them...then   your favorite character is getting eatin as you watch  a finisher of your character screaming in pain. you as a person curls up in your chair as you slowly cry your self to sleep... i think i went to far :P
76561198225309024,Not Recommended,329430,23899091,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Scarlet、Frost,"As for an old Chinese player I think I'm a true fans of this game,In Chinese,players often play the ""cracked"" first,and  then decided to buy it or not.I played the old version of《state of decay》,to be honest,it really impressed me,sandbox and the storyline,even the special infected,it's real good,I mean,at least,it's original.And the guns,I must say it's awesome,I can say it's the best part of this game.even some old classical weapon appear in  this game:Mosin-Nagant 1895,M1 garand,M1918 BAR,and Thomson SMG!!!I finally pick up my faith in this game!But as for a new version,I can only say it's bad,too bad, let me tell you why:1.same story 2.some mode 3.even same bug!!!So how can I like it?bugs almost everywhere,yesterday,I finally find a Mosin-Nagant,and you know what happened?bug!I can't complete my mission,so I can't save the game,so I lost my deareeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeest rifle!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!And I don't know how these assh*les designed this game,some times zombies just suddenly appear in front of you,For example feral zombie,it just break me in to pieces!fuc,how can I play?????These just my opion.It's a good game(maybe without bugs)"
76561198110568598,Not Recommended,329430,24955057,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,The Town Of Flavor,"Do not buy especially because it's $25.00 that is an outragous pricetag for this game. Not to be to harsh but i really cant think of ANY pros for this game, everything that is one basically just turns into a reapetative piece of garbage. Later in the game the real sucky part comes when you have to go on ""Supply Runs"" and you use your best character with practically all the supplies from base camp dies from being eaten because you were backed into a corner. This game does have potential, but it'll have to be some really bold fairy dust to get it out of this Non-Reccomended review. 2/10 would rescue another survivor"
76561198044203858,Recommended,329430,18701896,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,fuTURE,"Don't buy this if you have the main game, it's not worth it.However, this game is one of the most unique zombie games of all times.  I reccomend it, whenever.Honestly, it would've been nice if they decided to add a character customization in breakdown."
76561198247935806,Not Recommended,329430,32021311,Posted: 28 May,all,MurderousPurpose,Couldn't even get the game to start. Only displayed black screen. Very disapointed in these technical issues that many people have been having.
,Recommended,329430,33772301,Posted: 24 July,all,Asqiroz,Do you like Zombies?Yes?Now get this f**king Game bro!!<33333
76561198055654730,Recommended,329430,17139682,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,jake612,"Zombie survival game with more focus on sneaking round the zombies to gather supplies than just button mashing head smashing. Gather survivors and supplies while staying hidden from zombies.Overall 7.5/10ProsBase building and customization is good, improvements take real time and survivors use up supplies therefore realismSneaking mechanics are solidFighting zombies feels as hard as it would in realityDecent sized map with fair degree of variabilityGood sound mechanics mean zombies can hear you from outside the house you're searching or can hear you breaking into placesFreedom to choose your own home base site was niceConsThe campaign is quite short and ends very abruptly. Only really 5ish hours of work if you focused entirely on itQuite glitchy with zombies often teleporting through walls and doors"
76561197960416558,Recommended,329430,28885626,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,☣ʍѧd☢ʍѧи☣,I support the devs and hope SoD 2 is as good as the first. YOSE same as the original but with better graphics which I don't mind. Still A great game.
76561198124895018,Recommended,329430,29990620,Posted: 17 February,all,mrgig00,"I love this game.  Wish there were more customization of characters and bases, but I still spend way too much time playing, and I enjoy every minute!"
,Recommended,329430,34069348,Posted: 6 August,all,Nightstalky^,"Overall I liked the game, so I would recommend it to you if you like zombie fighters, open world and upgrade based games.PositivesIn the main story, I noticed very close to no bugs at all.Graphics are decent and story is interestingCombat is energy driven (running out of energy in the middle of the horde will pretty much result in you dying)I love the upgrade style of the gameNeutralUnlike other reviewers close to no bugs at all.Army DLC is storywise short (unless you plan on waiting forever)Resource collecting gets tricky once you play for a little longer and might get annoying at timesNegativesMain character in the non-dlc game died without me having any chance of saving him.Some side quests are really distracting and really punishing if you don't complete them.DLCs were not the case (zombies, players, stuff was getting stuck - some seiges lasted forever because of that).Main story is quite short for my standards"
,Recommended,329430,30219246,Posted: 27 February,all,QuackCoyote,I could imagine how much greater this game would be with multiplayer
76561198130415713,Recommended,329430,23367668,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,moonstryder86,Offline Dayz... the npcs dont all want to kill you either
76561198156483832,Not Recommended,329430,22242810,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Trickhat,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!Understand this game has a lot a appeal and potential and I can see why you might be drawn to this game, but dont be. This game is fantastically crafted horror show of functionality and effort. I wonder if this game was even tested before release. There are so many bugs, the clipping is terrible, and they refuse to explain things in detail in regards to gameplay. This should be a precedent of how to make something look great but run terribly."
76561198095662537,Recommended,329430,29594038,Posted: 30 January,all,Bøll3mis 🤙🏻,"State of Decay is one of the best zombie games out there. If you like slaying hordes of zombies, building bases, awesome meele attack animations, nice cars, characters with personality, horror and lots of fun this is the game just for you!Firstly I would like to point out, that the game is very beautiful, the animations are amazing and lifelike.Your journey takes place in Trumbull Valley, which is a rather large open world filled with lots of zombies. Your mission is to escape the Valley, while you try to survive and gather as many followers as possible. A great difference with this game and other games in the same genre is, that when a follower/character dies it stay death. At first I was really shocked as I lost a character in the beginning of the game, and was sitting back with mixed feelings, because I already felt that I bonded with the character. So you have to be careful, when you are exploring. Loosing a character might affect the way that your game plays out in the end.The two DLCs are fun as well. The Breakdown DLC is almost the same as the originally game, tho there is no main mission line. Your mission here is to fix a truck to move on to the next level (same map but increased difficulty), you begin at level 1 and it goes all the way to level 99. So if you love grinding and killing millions of zombies this DLC will fall right in your taste!The Lifeline DLC is in another map, where you this time follow the millitary aspect of the zombie apocalypse. Your mission is to survive wave after wave of zombies that attack your base while you are extracting civillians and VIPs. This DLC has different endings, which depends on the choices that you make during the game.Overall I would like to say, the sounds are very realistic, nice voice actors, the visual is damn neat. Only con I would like to add is, that the main mission line is very short and it could have been a lot longer. Maybe we will see that in State of Decay 2? I am very excited!So should you buy this game? 28 euro is a cheap price for a game of this size! If you like the aspects of roaming from GTA, crafting from Minecraft and zombies from The Walking Dead, this is just the game for you!Be aware, when you rush out excited to smash some zombie skulls be careful, this is not like Left 4 Death, you can't just take 20 zombies on you and beat them by meele. Max is 3, more than that you'll get overrrun if you are alone fighting with meele!Now lets purge this world of zombies!"
76561198299371383,Recommended,329430,23934958,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,knnyash,One of my favorite zombie games. Can't wait for the second one.
,Not Recommended,329430,19892011,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,[SBE]~Jontz | Aposentado~,I thought it was awessome but in the first 15 minutes of gameplay you can see its a piece of crapno historyno sence1/10 for the gore
76561198251386288,Recommended,329430,24147774,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Infinet Space,one of the best games i have ever played!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,329430,17676578,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,H_SnypeR,"It's not a bad game, but it suffers from framerate stutter on the HD version. Graphics aren't even that demanding. Another issue is the annoying amount of things/chores you have to do, like take care of people's morale repetitively, travelling super far to save runners. You just want to progress and do something new and go on with the story without someone annoying you."
76561198058348631,Not Recommended,329430,21697180,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,deadstranger,I brought the game thinking it would be fun to play but it would help if i could get on it. Every single attempt is met with utter failure for the game keeps telling me I don't have Direct X11 even though i do. so this game was a waste of my money.
76561198079090551,Recommended,329430,19205978,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Coltrain,"This game is amazing. The first playthrough is by far the most fun, then i gets kind of boring, but i do recommend. Almost all the negative reviews are butthurt people who owned the original and don't want to pay full price for the remake."
,Recommended,329430,19125305,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,LordSugarbaby RS,"Let me just say after probably 70 hours of offline time painfully watching my allies die from both storyline and sheer acts of stupidy even a glitch where Sam kept running past the base I most dearly love to the  neighbor base that forced me to kill her with zombies cause I couldn't save otherwise. This game had pros and cons. I apoligize for any grammar mistakes.Otherwise to its a 4/5Pros- Great Storyline / Drama / Action for a RPG- Great selection of weapons- Painfully realistic but not so much you kill yourself on accident- Great selection of zombies for a balaced diet of hardcore and easy- Fast paced but dangerous- Balanced and Diverse sets of charcters you find that can progress to be more effective- All characters talk as if they where the main character when you control them.- Lovable option to press Alt and summon forth your powers on zombies- Lovable ways to travel in styleCons- Tideous as in excessive moments where your base is low on supplies and they can barally find it themselves even if its next door literally- Not enough choices in conversations to feel you can make a real impact on their opinions- They are amazing at combat except they do not understand how to equipment themselves aside from excessive snacks and painkillers. ( For insatnce we have a almost 50 guns and some don't even have a pistol in my base. )- They do not search enough for supplies to live on their own nor do they leave base in groups- You can't kill people who kill other people- There are little to zero moments where you just run into survivors or they come and find you- Zombies are literally endless in a shut off area for some annoying reason- You can get a whole pick up truck and a maximum allied group but you cannot order any of them help you carry items into the base or from an area. Additionally, you cannot take whats clearly infront of you or search it but instead have to wait 10 or 3 seconds to load a random group of items from some random lit up box and only carry enough to still be able to fight where optionally you can dump it or put it in a vehicle that looks huge but has as much space as a squarilles cheek.- There is no armor- There is no customization other than selecting upgrades for your base that leave a lot of open room where you would assume would let you put an extra upgrade but cannot"
,Recommended,329430,19060373,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,LIL SHOELACE,"This game is amazing, Only buy this if you have not played it since this is the original with bug fixed and better graphics.This game is quite fun but gets boring after a while."
76561198053736582,Recommended,329430,27885225,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Klopyn,"Nice game, but it would be nice to add new (larger) maps and stories."
76561198052289431,Recommended,329430,33722086,Posted: 22 July,all,Hoellenbrut,Best zombie game i've ever played.
,Recommended,329430,24223637,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Soomachoos,"It is instances like this where I wish steam had an ""Okay"" recomendation. Its not that great. Its not that bad. Its just okay."
76561198027609932,Not Recommended,329430,19557113,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,TheBrothersKubo1,Guns felt useless in this game. I can use a rifle suppressor for more than thirty shots.
76561198153346198,Recommended,329430,31996883,Posted: 27 May,all,Dead Winter,I refunded this game and i wanted it backQuestion: whyAnswer: I CANT GET A BETTER DEAL
76561198069947508,Not Recommended,329430,35109622,Posted: 21 September,all,RedSaintNino,"Smart, expansive broken.This game is addicting and fun, but just really broken. Its a perma save Zombie RPG Action Simulation. This is a big Idea with no tech to back it up. I lose to broken gameplay daily."
76561198105226719,Not Recommended,329430,20125249,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,theeverquesting,To much standing around waiting for healing etc... slow dull game with limited base building of the click and wait varitiy
,Not Recommended,329430,33350249,Posted: 7 July,all,gayt0r,"I would not recommend buying this because Lifeline is the most worthless and frustrating game in the world. First of all, ,the mechanics in the game make zero sense. You go on a mission, and then bam suddenly your base goes from 1 to 3 and is being sieged. You speed all the way back to your base, and your g*dd*mned soldiers, your partners, what are they doing? Cowering, and whimpering. You have to save their incompetent rumps, and then suddenly you're notified that your godd*mned gate breached because of course your partners are too worthless to even try and repair them yourself.And then of course the repairs take several seconds, which is ample time for a zombie to kill you in the process. The DLC Lifeline is so glaringly atrocious, filled to the brim with glitches, and atrocious AI.  As a game developer myself, it's really ridiculous when people set out to make ""a difficult game"" but they don't even bother to make it efficient. If a game is so prohibitively hard to the point where it makes players want to throw their laptops across the floor they should at least make d*mn sure it's not filled to the brim with game-breaking glitches.I would recommend vanilla edition and Breakdown, but just steer away from Lifeline. I personally enjoy many ""difficult games,"" but this is just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Buggy, glitchy, I can't tell you how many times I've been on a mission picking up a high asset and they just froze into place. They wouldn't move, get into my car or anything, and then the game is unplayable. Nope, the people who designed Lifeline were looking for a way to make money, and they don't actually care about their players or developing a genuinely good game. It's sad. STEER AWAY FROM LIFELINE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! IT IS THE WORST DLC I HAVE PLAYED IN MY LIFE! And I have played a lot!"
,Not Recommended,329430,29088451,Posted: 7 January,all,]F7C[ Kaibear [GER],"I bought it and played it for 39 minutes. Unfortunately the UI does not give me any hints in what to do and how to do. And I just found the survivors in the Ranger Station. For me, that is an annoying experience and no fun, unfortunately, as I love open world and also zombies.In addition the controls and camera are annoying as a PC gamer as well. You just see, that you play a console port. For people who use walkthroughs for playing and don't have problems with the controls, it might be okay. For me personally it's not a game I can enjoy."
,Recommended,329430,27051512,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Grand Admiral Kyle,"Buy this game, no really. Support the developer. It's fun for roleplaying in a zombie apocolypes or just plain fun if you like cracking skulls or building a base and micromanaging survivors.  This title has its flaws but a lot of it has been addressed in the Year One edition, such as the new vehicle inventory system. Only downside I have for it is the keyboard controls aren't the greatest, I would definatly recommend trying a controler. Also this would work great in multi player, hopefully Undead Labs will add that in the sequal."
76561198295667050,Recommended,329430,29154387,Posted: 9 January,all,[B]ebo,good game and nice graphic
,Recommended,329430,29534469,Posted: 27 January,all,Slojoe17or76,"This game is amazing, and worth what every you do pay for it, While yes 2 is on its way and holds far more than this, but theres still a decent story to be told and one of the best zombie games to be enjoyed...Buy this and you will...hopefully...enjoy."
76561198119690505,Not Recommended,329430,32036995,Posted: 29 May,all,BestBuy™,I was surprised when I play the original of how original the gamplay was but this remaster is an glitchy insult as soon you open the game every thing you love goes to sh*t and you just paid a sh*t remaster check my pics of the gamplay of the start... OF THE MOTHERF*ING START MAN WTF AS SOON YOU CLICK START THE PERFORMANCE IS SH*IT AND IT LOOKS EXACLY THE SAME AS THE ORIGINAL!!!!
76561198239677292,Recommended,329430,33870796,Posted: 28 July,all,The Three of them,"Take me out to the back of the shed,and shoot me in the back of the headtake me out to the back of the shed,and shoot me in the back of the headtake me out to the back of the shed,and shoot me in the mother♥♥♥♥ing headuh ha ha ha ha ha ha habet you've never seen a wreck like this,yo, but I'm always doing better than your peers and your ♥♥♥♥♥, so,what you trying to say about my wrists?yo, I'm old yeller, yelling at the top of my lungsbut I'm always at the top of it,♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'm like the runt litterI made a deal with God that let's me live to the fullest,but with the company paying bitter."
76561197989931423,Recommended,329430,26731237,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,michael1970hi,"I enjoyed this game.  Some of the dynamics and story line are excellent.  I like it better than Left for Dead, and about the same as Dead Island though the games are somewhat different.  I got it at the Halloween discount, so at that price it was a steal.  The game seemed very much how I felt when I watched the walking dead.  When my first character died, it was a wake up call that this game felt real.  I have trhree complaints:  1) there was no way to stop the story chatter that prevents you from moving.  I like how Borderlands handles that.  You get the information but are allowed to go about your business.  2) the game ended quickly without much variation in content.  3)  The first DLC was disappointing - it felt like a repeat of the base game.  OKAY, I have a 4th.  The game could do a better job at conveying the rules to you vs requiring a lot of reading or trial by error.  Most games these days give you training sessions or small tidbits of information that help you get up to speed.This review was poorly written, but I have to get to work."
76561198042950239,Recommended,329430,27375622,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ScienceMan,"Great game, one of the best Zombie Survival games out there!"
76561198065165839,Not Recommended,329430,32374825,Posted: 12 June,all,NoobSaibot,This is worse than the original State of Decay. The original on ultra looks better and plays better than this on max settings. Defuq. Y u do this.
,Recommended,329430,32681770,Posted: 23 June,all,Nebula,Best zombie game for me right now  !
,Not Recommended,329430,29083285,Posted: 7 January,all,gamerhoofster-pony,"State of Decay: Year One Survival Edition is a fun survival zombie game. Where you try to survive by scavanging containers for supplies while searching for other survivers. To stick together you must find a suitable location to turn into a base while you try to escape the infected town. State of Decay is a that is fun and interesting but for a short amount of time and here is why.The Graphics are decent, there not realistic or nothing but you can tell what things are in the game. From a zombie to a car and people.The day and night cycle is a cool machanic but its a useless one at that. The zombies are not tougher at night so going out during the night is the same as going out during the day.The  six different zombies are a nice in the game but the game calles them ""freaks""instead of zombies. There six total ""freaks"" but there are about 3-5 close to each other. There is hordes as well which has about 5-10 ""freaks"". Toughest ones to kill are the juggernaut due to the amout of hits they can take. The zombie diffculty isn't that hard maybe on a normal difficult setting.The game-play is not that great. The game will lag a lot, items won't spawn in, some items will be unusable sometimes, ""freaks"" will glitch through doors, deflecting a ""freak"" works when it wants too, all A.I. are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and the game lacks survival.Skills and leveling are pointless in the game for you rarely ""level up"" in the game and when you you can only pick one skill per character to specialize in. Blunt, blades, pistols, shotguns ect ect. Only picking one to be good takes away the achivment of leveling a character. It feels like all your work in the game was for nothing.Supplies was one of the disappointing thing in the game. I was able to go out and raid every building, bring everything back in one hour. Once I did that, the ""rashions"" barley moved unless I chose to build or upgrade a station. Even then I was able to hit a few country places and regain the ""rashions"" I just used.Breakdown and Lifeline DLC are okay add-ons but Lifeline makes the game feel new while Breakdown uses the same map as State of Decay. I personally feel that Lifeline is the only DLC you need and not Breakdown.I had played 39 hours of the game and I can tell you that you could beat it lesser then my 39hrs if you know how the game works and knew what to do. This game looked and sounded to be good but it's not. Playing on low quality and still getting glitches, lag ect ect I really can't recommand this game to anyone at the asking price its at especially when it forces you to get the DLC. I'd wait for it to go on sale or something.I give this game a 5/10, just average game.Thanks for reading my review and yes I know I had spelling error. I have bad memory so can't remmeber how to spell words correctly."
76561198059857347,Recommended,329430,33664425,Posted: 19 July,all,lightreign31,Loved it! Great game! Cant wait for SoD2!!
,Not Recommended,329430,19930919,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,penguin ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),It has been 4 months (28/3/2016) since the last update (19/11/2015)... This game is actually fun to play but now my laptop just freezes whenever i get in a car so i cant really play it.
76561198350007603,Recommended,329430,28795617,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,dav.belcher,"I played this a few years ago on Xbox, so I knew what I was getting. This was among the very first of these kinda games to come out finished. It's not perfect....but is it fun? Yes!! The camera can be weird but you can get used to it. I set the mouse sensitivity down and that helped me. I have a weak toaster/laptop and it lagged and stuttered at first but once I lowered the settings and changed the Aspect Ratio, it runs very well now!! I liked the game....and in a market that is flooded with Zombie Survival games, this one at least does it in a unique way with its own feel. I like some of the other Survival Zombie games also and some are a bit deeper than this but I'd say State of Decay does all the same stuff but has a tad more of an arcade feel to it. It's just its own game and not a clone is what I'm saying. And I got it on sale, which is a Bonus!! Recommend 8/10"
76561198044571184,Not Recommended,329430,32232097,Posted: 6 June,all,kevinlatta08,The game is great for the 5 minutes  I get to play it before it crashes.  Tried various fixes but just continues to crash.  Buyer Beware.
76561197971690047,Recommended,329430,17571288,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,meansome,"Best Zed game I've ever played, but the glitches are heart-breaking.  Luckily, glitches are few in numbers.  But when they do occur, it often causes me to fail the mission and/or kills my favorite character.  Either way, you'll still love this game."
,Recommended,329430,29296455,Posted: 16 January,all,Voltron,"I love this game, I love the Vanilla, I love Lifeline, and I also like Breakdown.  I hope that there is a quality sequel to this.  Sure there are some portions that need work, but at this age, it's a labor of love to fix anything left now.  Get this as a sale item."
,Recommended,329430,34582911,Posted: 29 August,all,Siski,just wait for SoD 2 and buy your waifu something nice insteadpros -ferals modeled after 3pacs diss victimsfinding all the ancient sandstorm relics (suhn) is relatively easythe 'zombies glitching through walls' bug is actually a feature seeing as how it's still in the game. so no worries therecons-no water polo
,Recommended,329430,34807798,Posted: 7 September,all,4G3N7_0R4NG3,It's a neat take on survival games to have to manage group resources instead of feeding your protagonists whiny♥♥♥♥
76561198317277677,Recommended,329430,28886756,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,instafam,i accidentally put the resoulution up too high on the game settings and now i don't know how to fix it
,Not Recommended,329430,33325201,Posted: 6 July,all,PlagueRaven,"I really got into this game for the first couple of hours, but then it really started to annoy me, and here's why:1) The game acts, for whatever reason, as though it's an online tablet game running on a server, even when you're not playing. That means that stuff will happen even when you're not in game. Which means that neighbors die, survivors use supplies, and you basically get punished if you don't sit on your *** for days binge-playing this.What makes this worse is that most of the ""random events"" that the survivors tend to engage in all seem to be deliberately negative.Frank shot a gun inside! He could have killed someone! Morale decrease.Shelby is scared! She's a total bummer who brings everyone down! Morale decrease.Jack doesn't like zombies and he's grossed out so now he's mad at you for not talking to him about it. Morale decrease.So-and-so got food poisoning from canned food somehow! Morale decrease.The way to boost morale is to actively work for it (or by outpost defenses against hordes, it seems, but the increase is tiny), by engaging in missions or other positive events. This is a total PITA, because a bunch of negative crap can be waiting for you when you get back on the game, and you have to go out and get your morale back. Why do I even want it back at this point? My survivors are just going to act like jerks again when I'm gone and my neighbors are going to die.These survivors seem to need a lot of babysitting. You'd think people who survived this far into a zombie apocalypse would have bigger stones than this. They just act like a bunch of whiners. Suddenly the currently played character is their only hope despite surviving through this until now.2) I'm okay with the perma-death (kind of...), but what I don't like is how I died for the first time: basically getting stuck in a doorway while a zombie standing halfway through a floor kept knocking me down into another two zombies behind me, who grabbed me from behind. The combat controls don't help, either, as they're a little clunky. So the game basically gave me the middle finger in this instance, and I couldn't go back unless I started the game over, but I was already about four hours into it and didn't feel like starting the entire game over again.3) all the different types of ammo and variations of medications. I like the realism, but this makes it more frustrating to arrange your inventory properly and clogs up your storage lockers. It'd be fine if there was one type of weak medication and one type of powerful medication, and one of each ammo type/gun type to make inventory more manageable, because some ammo, despite being totally different, have very similar images applied to them. So you'll go to pick them up, only to find that they aren't the same that you're already carrying. You feel a little cheated, because you're missing out on extra meds that you just can't carry because you're carrying another type. If they're worried about you being over-supplied with meds, they can easily remedy this by slimming down the chances of you finding any while also omitting all the unnecessary different types.4) I'm confused by some of the directions the missions give me when it relates to morale issues (such as someone being ""freaked out"" or whatever). They imply that I need to go talk to that survivor to calm them down. I go inside the base to talk to them, but it only gives me the opportunity to ask them to accompany me outdoors. Maybe I'm an idiot, but I can't seem to figure out exactly how I'm supposed to help these people. Maybe I don't have to at all?5) The driving controls make me want to hang myself. I don't know if it's any better when using a controller, but on the keyboard, it's a nightmare.6) I asked one of the survivors to come fight with me. While in the middle of a mission, he said it was time for him to go home now, and he ran straight into a horde of zombies within a minute and nearly died. If I hadn't had the mind to chase after him and ""escort"" the idiot home, he would have been guts on the pavement. So now I feel like I have to go out alone, because my followers are too stupid to survive in a high-stakes environment by themselves.There are good things about the game. I like the immersion (although the story seems very meh), and I like getting to know various characters (even in the most bare-bones sense of the word), and I do greatly enjoy some of the survival aspects (going into abandoned homes and rummaging through stuff to find supplies). But the positives don't outweight the negatives for me right now.  I really, really want to enjoy this game, I really do. I was pumped for it, and I was getting into it at first. I might actually be more okay with it if there was a way to turn off activity happening when I'm not playing. If there was ever a mod or add-on or something for this, I'd continue playing it.Seriously, someone get on turning that crap off."
76561198059426486,Recommended,329430,32966669,Posted: 28 June,all,Ruckers,"Great game with new and interesting game mechanics which impact the thought process of the player by alot.There might be things that can be improved and other games already did better, but the overall experience I had during my playthrough was mostly positiv."
76561198194133333,Recommended,329430,33874631,Posted: 29 July,all,MilkmanRulz,"Played the original on the console and enjoyed the heck out of it.  I still enjoy this newer version of the game.  You'll get a better experience out of this game with a controller, improve some motor coordination skills.  Anyway, YOSE edition adds to the game experience.  Will say that last time I played the difficulty seemed to have been ramped up from the original version.  The hordes and their occasional allies tend to be more fatalistic.  But, the base building is a lot of fun.  Scavenging, improving defenses, and small events will keep you busy.  Once you've gotten the hang of the game it's quite fun to set out and accomplish small goals that will help you meet the larger endgame.  It's the best way to tackle the hectic environment that you're steeped into.  And, the zombie killling is enjoyable.  Cathartic I would say.  Have to say, though.  If the developers had added the option to play with a friend online, this game could have been seriously epic.  Bothers me that the developers couldn't grasp the potetential this game could have had as a multiplayer game.  But, every now and then you gotta put it down and call it.  sigh.  Just saying, this could have been up there with Red Dead Redemption.  Remember how fun that multiplayer experience was!  sigh.  For the time being I'll settle for this being my favorite pick up and play Zombie game."
76561198120126778,Recommended,329430,33810965,Posted: 26 July,all,Laughingboy,"The absolute perfect zombie game. This is amazing. If you're a zombie fan, this a MUST!"
76561198049257697,Recommended,329430,34564836,Posted: 28 August,all,PineApple Delight,liked it.
,Recommended,329430,34851793,Posted: 9 September,all,Ayers,"Now this is a fun, and entertaining Game! Best Zombie game to date! Hours of fun gameplay!"
,Recommended,329430,26981867,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Yosheik,It's kinda like playing The Walking Dead (TV) with low budget characters.
76561198131746163,Recommended,329430,27223232,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,bintoro78,One of the best zombie games I've ever played! Highly Recommended!
,Recommended,329430,33746683,Posted: 23 July,all,Tea,The game has a good mix of multiple different types. Had this on xbox a while ago and with state of decay 2 set for release thought i'd pick it up again. It's still just as good.
,Recommended,329430,32927718,Posted: 28 June,all,The Silicon Empire_YT,"if u guys want to get a game for the 2017 summer sale and you don't know what to get, state of decay YOSE is everything i've ever wanted in a zombie survival game and more, honestly i have barely scraped the normal game and i am thrilled, the DLC include: breakdown: a harder version of SoD including way more variety to the characters. Lifeline: a complete twist to the main game, u play as the US miitary, control your base of operations and save as many civilians as u can, the zombie hordes in lifeline are devastating and your life is nothing compared to the civilians in need of EVAC! the characters really do represent a real survivor, if u cna get around the average graphics then: GET THIS GAME IM TELLING U ITS REMARKABLE FOR 10 USD!"
,Not Recommended,329430,32121759,Posted: 1 June,all,ProstheticAIM,Unable to play due to Shadow/graphical bugs might be my SLI might be my 4K resolution but still
76561198007030552,Not Recommended,329430,32098786,Posted: 31 May,all,GremlinChee,"I got it for seven dollars- I want my seven dollars back. This is not a good game. There is absolutely no struggle to survive, you can kill comically huge groups of zombies with no risk. Animations are poor and zombies constantly clip through building walls. To my ear, there are only two or three voice actors for the whole ""cast"". Why is this so highly reviewed? Baffling."
,Not Recommended,329430,32068700,Posted: 30 May,all,Crom,"Bad:- Graphics bugs- Physics bugs- UI bugs- Console to PC port seems to be done with minumum effort- Annoying features, like how melee weapons have implemented and how zombies spawn and how things dissappear...Good:- Some ideas in game, like with base and outposts, even some parts of story ...Not enough good things to counter all those bugs and annoying features, so I can't recommend it."
76561198128699369,Recommended,329430,26666525,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,CaptMorgan,I liked it
,Recommended,329430,17013889,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Hiei-,"Fine if you never bought the original State of Decay and its DLCs.Graphic difference isn't big except better shadows and lightning so if you already have the original game and the DLCs, this version seems pretty useless."
,Recommended,329430,29378344,Posted: 20 January,all,RubenYandereMelodyChan,love this game
76561198158667632,Recommended,329430,31623878,Posted: 8 May,all,❤ Rainbow55 ❤,This game is BADASS
76561198213780303,Recommended,329430,31627446,Posted: 8 May,all,Frank David,Nice one! Looking forward to State of Decay 2.
76561198307503170,Recommended,329430,31635369,Posted: 8 May,all,Sheriff_Montgomery,"great game, 10/10"
76561198089512593,Not Recommended,329430,32041383,Posted: 29 May,all,PeskyDingo,"The game is fun but it is quite buggy. Zombie spawns from no where, visuals switch from fullscreen to window on its own, and other issues that does not make the experience fun. If they do a patch and fix all these bugs then I would upvote it but sadly I cannot recommend."
76561198272405949,Recommended,329430,32031628,Posted: 28 May,all,⋮⋯⋰BEANS ⋱⋯⋮,This a great game got it on discount so it was worth the price a few bugs tho
76561198007353102,Recommended,329430,32032343,Posted: 28 May,all,Galactic Jim,"This game is soooo hard and sooooo awesome, i cant say enough good things about it. The super RTS of tha Year!"
76561198058759699,Not Recommended,329430,32184307,Posted: 4 June,all,Oddysen,"I'm not gonna say a lot about this game. Simply put, it is more polioshed looking, but less interesting and fun version of the genre. If the only thing you care about in a game is graphics and voice acting, then sure, pick this one. If gameplay, story, good user inteface, meaningful inventory management, and over all experince mattter to you, just play ""Survivalist"", which is essentaily the same game anyway, or any number of other, better games in the genre.TLDR: Don't play this game, play Survivalist or This War Of Mine instead."
,Recommended,329430,27182328,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,3N3RM4X,"Even though the developers ""scammed"" those who bought the first edition of the game and the graphics isn't insane, i still love this game. Every time i play i feel like Daryl Dixon slashing zombies, definitely worth the money: it probably is the most accurate ""The Walking Dead"" simulator"
76561198050034098,Recommended,329430,31090233,Posted: 11 April,all,tomince,I suck at reviews.  This game is great and well worth the money.  Hope there's a sequel!!!
,Recommended,329430,26700920,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Kucheeki,"Really enjoying this game!Few minor bugs here and there but really enjoying this more than any other zombie game on steam atm as of 20 nov 2016Enjoying it mroe than I thought actually hahaonly real critique is I don't understand why I keep losing so much materials, and I wish we could add to the bases with more of like a  crafting system, put up a new gate at our base, or♥♥♥♥♥a watch toweer, ladders etc, ( without mods) this would be even cooler!!"
,Recommended,329430,28090014,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,pordega1,"Love this game, isnt perfect, has some bugs, but its a fun sand box type zombie brawler, with a touch of base management."
,Recommended,329430,27925619,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Kohnic,Still Play
,Recommended,329430,27994188,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,The Muffin Man,I have no ♥♥♥♥in clue what to do but I love it
76561198062263329,Recommended,329430,32004773,Posted: 27 May,all,Dr GoodBudz,"It's hard not to like this game. With these few exceptons.Missions hit you at the speed of light and your the only one who can do them. Why have a camp full of survivors? They just hang out and wait for you to take controle of them. If you send them out to scavange 75% of the time they'll end up needing your help anyway, so why bother?Zombies will spawn feet from you during any fight so gauging weather or not you can handle a situation on your own is almost impossible. they almost always spawn out of camera view and get a surprise grab on you. Even if your dead quiet most times zombies will hone right in on you in grupes that weren't visibly there seconds ago.Cars fall apart way to fast even though they are the best way to take out hords in a timely fashion and zombies will glue themselves to your vehicle every time, causing you to to do even more damage trying to get them off. I have seen them fly twenty of thirty feet to do this. All the while grabbing onto parts with no visible place to hold onto.AI partners will give up during large fights and submissively crouch, causing you to waist more stamina to help them, putting you at risk. So it's better to just go alone. They also don't use guns in their inventory.Walls to your base are just there for show, zombies will hop over them with ease even if reinforced with barbed wire. This happens with doors in the game too. Zombies will just glitch right through them while your barricading a house.The barricade missions are flat out stupid. The point is to barricade yourself safely inside but the only way to beat the mission is to kill all the zombies trying to get inside? So you barricade all the windows then stand outside and kill the zombies running at the building. Why?Making a loud noise while serching for resources isn't situatinal. Meaning if you make a loud noise while searching an area you've already cleared the game will just spawn in a mess of zombies for you to deal with. So trying to go fast is like playing russian roulette.Missions will spawn on all sides of the map in a game where every mission is on a time limit, giving you absolutely no time to walk around and explore. It's a constant sprint to the next mission. Granted you don't have to complete all the missions to do well. But that dosent stop the chick on the radio from constantly telling you your running out of time to do them.You will learn to hate the question, ""What did you get?"" And the answer  ""Aww you know... Stuff""Also the least enduring statment ""I hope you brought me somthing pretty.""This game does have it's moments and it's hard not to see the potential the sequel will have that should be coming out soon. But if they don't take into consideration some of the shotcomeings this game has on the whole. We're all in for a painful ride. I'll be waiting to see how the feedback stacks up befor taking a chance on it. Note that I got this game on sale for about eight bucks and if Steam had a neutral button I'd probibly give it that. But untill then I'd say wait to see how the next one plays out. Or give this one a shot with these problems in mind."
76561197975044793,Recommended,329430,32619312,Posted: 21 June,all,John Dillinger,"its a good game, very intense and you can do a lot to change the sort of timeline you are playing by getting killed or getting overrun by zombies in your home base."
,Recommended,329430,32871975,Posted: 27 June,all,AnimeLovesManga,One of the best zombie game.
76561198014697129,Recommended,329430,32744974,Posted: 24 June,all,Fr0st4Lyfe,"When this game releasesed back in 2013 on Xbox 360 I was blown away. I bought the game on a wim because it looked like a lot of fun. For the low price of $19.99 it was not a bad buy at all, especially how much content you get for it!  I've been wanting to play this game for sometime however I sold my xbox 360 a while ago and saw this on steam sale for less than $10, I had to buy it!Computer Specs:I5 6600k16 gig ram1060 GTX graphics cardI will reccomend this game to anyone who wants a fun zombie survival game!Does this game have bugs? Yes, however, if you recall MOST AAA titles, how many of them have tremedously bad bugs? This is Undead Labs first game with a small team and budget. Honestly, the bugs are not bad at all. here is a list of ones I've noticed with the SoD YOSE that are not GAME BREAKING:1. Pop ins - Especially driving, there are some popins such as signs and other debree on the ground, this is not game breaking2. Zombies pass through doors - Many many people complain about this. However, they usually only come one at a time and in long sets of intervals. This does not happen all the time either. It actually makes it easy when your trying to hide from a mob and only one comes at you :)3. FPS dips - Yes there are FPS dips but its not too noticable. I see so many people compalin about this but their hardware is not up to par for this game!4. The UI is pretty dumb for other survivors such as when they follow you and you loot something in a room, they tend to stand in the door way. I usually would have to sprint into them so they would move haha.This game is so much fun. I am having a blast at replaying this story! Most of the people that would not reccomend the game is those who bought this one from the xbox 360 or already have the original.State of Decay is a great sandbox zombie survival where you can build a base, gain survivors and survive together. If you have never played this before, this game is a MUST!!! I really do love the combat and upgrading your survivors abilities. Using firearms creates a lot of noise but the sounds they make are realisitc. Even the voice acting isnt too bad, there are however, the same things they continually say which can get anoying.I could go on and on about this game but there are several other reviews that go into much detail of how fun this game is."
76561198031486205,Recommended,329430,32890205,Posted: 27 June,all,Mofongo Overlord,"After doing pretty much everything there is in this game I can say it is a good game. Hours of fun, zombie action, satisfying kills. Picked up this game on sale and I was pretty happy with it."
,Not Recommended,329430,33273423,Posted: 5 July,all,phinocchio,Crash Crash Crash and always Crash
,Recommended,329430,34206826,Posted: 12 August,all,Nithlus,Probably the best zombie outbreak simulator to date. You play 3rd person which is ideal for this type of game. I love the permadeath and no main protagonist concept. Death has a real sense of loss but the greater game and the rest of your community continue and you just play as someone else. I feel this mechanic writes its own storylines which is great. The base building is a good start but id like to see some improvements in the next game and some more uses for outposts. Overall the game isnt that well made but I can forgive that as I know it was only a small team that made it. As of this review the game is 4 years old and you can feel that but god damn its still great. If you are looking for a proper zombie survival game then this is it!
76561198059362226,Recommended,329430,31167656,Posted: 15 April,all,kcapezza7,"I've been meaning to write a review of this for so long--the main game IS good. It's really fun BUT you need a lot of patience and really gotta work on strategy to survive and keep all your characters alive.One playthrough I was kicking major butt and suddenly my character Marcus' (which was my favorite cuz I had him crazy leveled up) head got ripped completely off. I was so mad I uninstalled the game. I thought F this all that work and then that happens???But I went back to it eventually and tried it again, but without trying to rush through everything, without the mindset of guns blazing (which I think was part of my problem). Went much much better. And I eventually finished the game, satisfied for the most part. The constant respawning of zombies, and Lilly's voice constantly radioing was really the only thing I found extremely irritating.Breakdown seems super pointless to me, so I haven't really gotten too far into it. Lifeline was good in the way that it showed the military's perspective, and in a city environment. But the ending of it felt abrupt, like there should have been something more afterward.Overall I'd say yeah you should buy this game. Most of the reviews I've seen have been about specs and all that  ""oh it's a ripoff cuz graphics aren't any better blah blah blah."" Who cares??? The graphics are fine, doesn't ruin the experience.Try it--try it around Halloween, it's really fun around that time. :)"
76561198257729762,Recommended,329430,24217695,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Dark Mantis,Best Concept and direction of any zombie game thus far.Best Walking Dead simulator out here.
,Recommended,329430,26324433,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,falloutboy67,Amazing game would recamend to friends but it is basicaly the first one with better grathics and still has some bugs but Ill still give it a 9/10
76561198257752916,Recommended,329430,26365661,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,luyaosuperman,"Interesting zombie survival game. Unlike the Walking Dead, you don't make important choices and test humanity and be deeply moved, that kinda stuff. You simply collect resources to live day by day. Love to crach hordes with a pickup's rear! Love to blast a fat big one with a mine! Simply invent your way of playing it. Even though you live in a zombie apocalypse world, you may still find lots of humor.Sadly the main story is short. And area for exploration is limited. That makes it boring when you play it through once. However, hope to see the next in the sequence, if there is any!"
,Recommended,329430,28947272,Posted: 2 January,all,Zerumian,If you like zombie survival games I can recommend this.If you have played the original release the improved combat mechanics and graphics makes it even more enjoyable.
76561198125879993,Recommended,329430,22318604,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,RCorletto,"I been playing State of Decay (original version) for close to two years. The Breakdown DLC is what keeps me coming back to this game. With Year One version:  new female character and The Cleo missions are an added plus, but some buggy issues with the original version are still present.  However, Year One looks much better image wise."
,Recommended,329430,23798476,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Zexo,"Spend alot of hours playing this. This has very good replay value and you can always try something new in each playthrough. This might not be cutting egde technology but it does the job. Graphics are decent, UI is great and easy and sound is great as you will be using it alot on higher difficulty.There's lots to play through here in form of main game plus two DLC's which each enable more features and even more content, fully voiced with story and new items. But the ""area"" you play in is huge and it will take many hours alone just to explore it all.If you're a Walking dead fan and interested in survival of groups of people, building comunity and help others, this is the probably the best game for just that, i've played atleast. Despite many bad reviews due to some relaunch issues at beginning, this is a good and stable game which can be further added with many mods made available via Nexus."
76561198065544000,Recommended,329430,24172459,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Angęł,"The year one edition of this game is truly the best experiance you can have while playing it. The game itself has a good story though I must say the missions get very repetative with companions, and the breakdown mode is also repetative but it gives you a sense of.. acomplishment. As well with the fact that the main story is very short aside from all of the side things and defense buffing that you do the game itself is enjoyable, thouhg it can feel as though it is all for naught if you build something up to be very epic and have an abrupt ending. I put about 27 hours into the game I'd say about eight of that was on the story while the rest had had to do with building up bases and outposts. 7.5/10"
76561198085325727,Recommended,329430,24251891,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Zusez3,"Its a great game all around. Sure, there are some boot issues with windows 10, but that is to be expected due to the fact that windows 10 was released in July 2015 (July 29th). the devs recommend Windows 7/8 for this game because thats what it was built for. This is just telling the people who give it a bad (for the tech reasons) review that even though it was released last year (April 2015) it can still have compatibility issues with windows 10 due to the fact it was created for windows 7/8. The bad reviews for the gameplay, thats just them not liking it so read those before you buy it to see if you may like the play style.My Rig:Win 10Intel core 2 quad Q93006Gbs RAMAMD radeon R7 360 2Gb DDr 5 VramDell Optiplex 755 mobo and case"
76561198142588112,Recommended,329430,24174685,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,pedoboy4dayz,"OK so good game on xbox, was excited to see it was availible on steam. It took some googling to figure out how to fix the game. It downloaded and none of the voices worked, took a second to fix however after that the game was amazing."
76561198057194771,Recommended,329430,24871850,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,CaptainKzer,"A satisfying mix of hardcore themes and mechanics, memorable characters, a well delivered UI, and an aesthetic that ages quite gracefully. One of the most satisfying survival games I have ever played.Early game is a little slow, late game is rushed, but midgame is truly magnificent."
76561198093978610,Recommended,329430,24910469,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,sojhee69,"I love this game. It has atmosphere and personality. I find many of the newer flashier rpgs  just too complicated for their own good. SOD has just enough rpg and base building elements to satisfy the casual gamer. I find myself wanting to do ""just one more supply run""..."
76561198038006855,Recommended,329430,31191676,Posted: 16 April,all,Zombiekiller,"First time I tried was on my quad core laptop. Laggy, choppy bad experience. Got myself a nice shiny new AMD FX-8370 8-core rig and what a world of difference. The game is about as close to a ""Walking Dead"" or generic zombie apocalypse experience as I can imagine.PROS:Game is pretty easy to pick up and figure out combat-wise even for an old guy like me. The atmosphere is great, the vehicles are easy to use. I felt pretty studly until I walked into a house with primary character and got jumped by a mini-horde. Torn to pieces, pretty jarring moment, but I have no problem with the permadeath as it raises the stakes. The base building options give you something to work towards. I have not experienced the glitches that others have (jinxed!).CONS:Now, note that these ""cons"" are on me cuz I suck. Slow reflexes, more of a strategy gamer so.. I've lost so many main characters already, I think I am on #5. He's doing pretty well but got exhausted really fast and I had to quit and play something else. That was a bummer. Once you lose so many characters you can't switch between people. YOu have to shut down the game for a few hours to rest/heal. There are healing options as I understand it, but haven't got there yet. I'm really only 8.5 hours into it and slowly starting to get a feel for it. I hope there is a way to regain a playable second character or I may have to start over. Again, these are all my own issues and not knocks on the game. I can't say anything negative about it at all in fact! I'm having fun, just wish I didn't have to shut down to rest!A must try game for all fans of Romero, TWD, etc. Highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,329430,19296423,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,(×çGL×)ˢᵗ†Yutsuk0fps†,This remaster is good if you don't owned the first game.
,Recommended,329430,30016095,Posted: 18 February,all,Mikel,"Its a good game, The wish you could hold more outposts then just limited by your base like xamount of outposts based on your amount of people. When i got up to 30people having just a few feelt silly,What i would like is the option of having a small base outside of your bigger one making it like a sub base(In which you'd need to designate some people to hold and protect it).So having one base feelt abit of a limitDid not enjoy the big bases so much.Zombies were always at the gates no matter what just because zombies stockpiles behind the base where you could not make a clearing, So sometimes if you were unlucky you'd walk out and find a juggernaut.(sometimes even more)The smaller bases were easier to defend since you could make a safety proximity. also the only ones you can exit the base without seeing a bunch of zombies wanting to fight.Another intressting idea would be to have a small base being able to upgrade to a big base, Like for instance join up two buildings, Or you'd have a apartment complex and you'd tear out a wall and the living space would become biggerNever really experianced any game breaking bugs, Had one or two crashes and one time when a zombie walked into the base and no one really shot it until it nearly killed someone(Carnival base)"
76561198118068766,Recommended,329430,30574241,Posted: 17 March,all,Dorchadas,"Would be a great game if there were more building possibilities and more space for bigger HQ for my survivor team. And a multiplayer.Overall - scavanging for food, medicine, guns, ammo, rescuing, killing hordes - great game.6/10"
76561198323467251,Recommended,329430,29990498,Posted: 17 February,all,trindade.sousa.alex,"Magnificent game. First real zombie/survival game. Dozens resources to gather, missions to accomplish and zombies to kill. Even now, its middle-quality graphics wont annoy you too much. Unfortunately, there isnt human-human confrotations. Besides, after some time the game becomes a little repetitive. But I really liked it !!"
76561198075836982,Recommended,329430,29982952,Posted: 17 February,all,Rampage,"I spent $30 for this game on steam and it was totally worth it, I love horror/zombie games.the only annoying thing I'm always getting things to do and so often even at the same time,I don't really know who to help first."
76561198036491967,Recommended,329430,29536375,Posted: 28 January,all,Magramar,"awesome game. loved it. the dlcs also great. breakdown it gets harder every time, and lifeline, it was a rush. dont want to spoil anything, but great game. best of the best of the zombie types. only thing i regret, after unlocking everything, all achievements, all heroes, is that i´m missing one, and thats because i didnt own the original version of the game, just the yose and all dlcs.  429.5 hrs on record. people, try it and you´ll love it.cant wait to play state of decay 2"
76561198193901675,Recommended,329430,34899412,Posted: 12 September,all,Vasbad,its okay
76561198102667533,Not Recommended,329430,32420875,Posted: 14 June,all,Sir_Psycho,Time goes by even when you're not playing...what a stupid ♥♥♥♥ing thing to have in a game! Nobody has the time to play every day. The game would be nice without that.
76561197995822286,Recommended,329430,15663719,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Travitar,"Update: My issues have been addressed, changing to thumbs up.For $19.99 I got a handful of minor new features, worse (IMO) graphics with more glitches, and a host of new bugs. All of the bugs I was hoping would be fixed are not.It honestly feels like I just installed a handful of mods that (as usual with mods in my experience) destabilize the game.Things I'd hoped for: Updated textures, higher resolutions without -fullscreen, a couple more home sites, and many of the commonly complained about bugs fixed. I got none of that.I would like to recommend this game to new players but I can't.  The bugs that plagued the original version are still not fixed and yet they discontinued support for that game.  It is unlikely they will fix most of the bugs in this version too."
,Recommended,329430,17539993,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Krydoza,"Buy this game if you don't already own State of Decay, don't own all of the DLC, or are a completionist.  Otherwise, don't bother.This edition does add a knife as an unbreakable back-up weapon for when you run out of bullets or break your last melee weapon, mysterious crate drops, new weapons and characters, and SUVs, but nothing that really ""changes"" the game like multiplayer, ATVs, new locations, or new story mode quests.All that aside, I still love State of Decay."
76561198171500305,Recommended,329430,33825031,Posted: 26 July,all,无fuck说,It's badass.
76561198124927228,Recommended,329430,31778988,Posted: 15 May,all,hljoh98,This game is amazing and i wish they would keep devloping it!!
,Recommended,329430,27234098,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,caribou48,One of my favorite games of the last 5 years. So much fun. gta with zombies.
,Recommended,329430,27215669,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Alex,One of the best zombie games I've ever played! Give it a shot and you won't regret any second!
76561197998875275,Recommended,329430,35054849,Posted: 18 September,all,Korso,"Good game, but the save system is so ♥♥♥♥ing irritating. Once you know your main character is going to die, before the death sequence even starts, it auto saves and there's no backup saves which means if a character you really like dies, you have to start at the very beginning or have to continue on with one less person. Add in that your npc AI can be stupid as ♥♥♥♥ sometimes not wanting to help you and just staring on as you get ripped apart by zombies. Good game, but it would be so much better if you could control when it saves rather than just ♥♥♥♥ing you over with character deaths."
76561197965046644,Recommended,329430,35099976,Posted: 21 September,all,DarkSnakeSoul,"1. Build a Community at a Church, we lived and looted the near by city.2. During a scavange we find a horde of zombies coming towards our location but no fear as our forward outpost made short work thanks to it's defenses.3. Moved to a new location where we could expand our community...sad thing was...we didn't have enough defenses so the zombies get into the compound. We won thanks to the mass amount of guns we looted.4. During a nightly raid we bump into a large fat zombie......we lost a man to the dam creature but at the same time we watched him pull a grenade and take that monster with him.5....We were about to have a family feast only to watch hordes of zombies come towards us.....this nightmare is just getting started.State of Decay is a well made zombie survival game. You are able to build a small community, upgrade buildings, switch characters at any point, bring npcs with you to protect or carry stuff and best of all you can edit your npcs loadouts so they carry what you want. The game does an awesome job of having that zombie survival feel to it...sadly it felt short even with the dlc but thankfully part 2 is on it's way."
76561198285325993,Recommended,329430,35110155,Posted: 21 September,all,Voodoo,"This is GTA + Sims + Walking Dead. I keep returning to this because of its playability. No matter how good you are, and how awesome your char is in lvls, you could end up at the wrong place, at the wrong time, and without the resources you need, wich will leave your char as a big red pile of goopy zombie chow."
,Not Recommended,329430,31621684,Posted: 8 May,all,LordTurki,"establish base, fortify it, now what ?leave the base and and build another,  don't ask me where the fun,  this how it works."
76561198159797315,Recommended,329430,32151791,Posted: 3 June,all,deathsurfers11,"Fantastic, not another zombie game clone. It is a unique zombie game."
,Recommended,329430,17530366,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,{TGC}Fr33,Its the same game with all the bugs sqaushed and with redone textures and mechanics its worth buying agian for original owners because its  still a great game and really supports mods now in this build don't worrie its fun still worth every second!!!!
,Not Recommended,329430,29894255,Posted: 13 February,all,David0vić,"State of Decay has aspects to it that make it a bit unique, like the fact that you are managing and playing as a whole community of people. However with the time that i played i barely had any fun playing this game mainly because the mission structure is very mundane and uninspired, the story is dull and uninteresting as well as the characters themselves and there is nothing to the gameplay itself that makes it better than the average zombie game out there, fighting zombies in particular just ended up being a clunky, button mashing, frustrating mess. I applaud the game for being very ambitious for a budget title and it mostly succeeds at what it tries to pull off, for me personally though I never found the gameplay to be compelling or fun and I also don’t feel compelled to continue playing the game I feel like I would just be wasting my time, it all just feels tedious and pointless.5/10 (Average)"
,Recommended,329430,23556834,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Aviticus Dragon,"Fantastic game, but buy State of Decay: YOSE on sale!The game still lacks a little optimization and hiccups can be seen when driving vehicles. The vehicles don't drive very well, but all in all there's a few new features that make the YOSE edition worth it.You get a new character who is a bad♥♥♥♥♥ among some new weapons and vehicles scattered around. The breakdown DLC has been updated to more difficult levels. Now from 0-100, you actually start to feel a real challenge.Great survival game, just overall fun to bash some zombie skulls in!"
76561198202190060,Recommended,329430,21679477,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,kiya12352,best and most entertaining zombie game I've played
76561198096213994,Recommended,329430,22175915,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Ainsley Hariott,"State of Decay was originally released in 2013 on the Xbox 360 and PC and two years later in 2015 we have a remaster known as Year One Survival Edition. I originally played the game in 2014 on my Xbox 360 and had hours to spend on it. I decided to buy the PC version when a new version of State of Decay was released, but the original version was taken off steam. I'm going to be reviewing the actual game itself, if you want to know the difference between this remaster or the original, then these are the differences. The game has been remastered, so that just means better graphics, less bugs and problems and more smooth gameplay, and the game has ticked all those boxes. But the most notable difference is that this version contains all the DLCs for free. If you have already got the original State of Decay on your PC, then I do not reccommed you buy this. Unless you want the DLCs and improvments to the original and you're willing to pay £23 or around $30 for this, just stick with the original.Onto the actual game itself, you start off at a fishing lake getting attacked by zombies or as they though it was 'a cannibal family picnic'. You end up at a police building where you meet some other survivors. You and your friend, 'Ed' search houses and find a woman who's friends were killed. Eventually you make it out of the mountains and into a town where you meet a girld called 'Lilly' who you met on a radio. After that, you have your own free will to do whatever you feel. The story is slightly bare as the cutscenes are just as advanced as the camera system you have when you're still playing. But the gameplay is what makes State of Decay so good.No other game is like State of Decay, it's a bit like  a mix of GTAV, DayZ and Telltale's The Walking Dead. If that appeals to you, you will love this. As the game is open world, you can go anywhere in the Trumbull county. There are several towns to explore and lots of long countryside roads, but you will spendf most of your time inside the town your base is in and looting it. There are some vehicals to drive which you will probably blow up in 10 minutes and attract a load of zombies and there are tons of buildings to loot. But knowing where to start is up to you. This game makes you make choises by your own instinct.Combat is very well designed when your attacked by zombies. You wack them with a mele weapon or just beat them to death. One zombie is easy, even ith no weapons and low stamina, you could take one on and not lose any health, but when your attacked by a dozen, it gets hard. You will automitically lock onto the zombie your facing and repeatedly smash it until it's head breaks. But when another zombie attacks you from behind, it will jump on you forcing you to try and shake it off. One thing to know is that this game is slightly over the top with gore. You can sneak up on a zombie and kill it by grabbing onto the head and smashing it on the the floor. Not to mention this game has some finshing moves that look badass. In terms of weapons, you have a lot but only really two types of mele weapons. If your using things like hammers, hatchets, cricket bats, you do quick slashes on zombies that take about five hits. But if you use big sledgehammers or an axe then you will do big swings at the zombies taking only three hits, but more time. This is simular to Skyrim with one and two handed weapons.In terms of guns, they nail this too. You will often be scrounging for weapons, and you may come across a gun shop or police department, in that case, bingo! Because guns are very useful in some cases, in some missions you will have to protect NPCs from zombies by barricading houses and attacking the zombies. Often you are left with no choice but to shoot some, especially some of the 'freak' zombies. When you scavenge for ammo, you will not find a lot, making every shot count. You can get many guns, pistols, rifels, assult rifels, shotguns, even grenade launchers (not common).AI is alright, the zombies aren't meant to be Einstein so they are pretty easy to sneak past when you are crouching. But when your trying to survive the apocalypes, you may make a lot of noise, and this noise willcertainly attract zombies. Shooting, driving, running, jumping, fighting, scavenging will lure zombies towards you, which can be difficult because you will be doing a lot of the previously listed activities. This is also useful when you need to make a distraction, using firecrackers will make lots of noise, attracting zombies in the area so you can get past or loot. The actual zombies come in many forms, some are stronger than others but the strongest are the 'freaks'. These zombies are much more tough or deadly, especially juggernauts. These are huge zombies with look like they have mixed DNA with a bear and tank, these are incredibly hard to kill.Your community is controlled by you and your influence. Influence is kind of a 'symbolic currency' in your community which you can use to spend on different things. You can ask to find supplies or make outposts where you can store supplies or make facilities in your base, the concept is very useful. You earn influence by doing missions such as saving people, finding people, finding supplies, killing 'freaks', looting houses, talking to people and other activities. Your community also needs to feel safe, so that means you need lots of supplies and not a lot of zombies in your town, and no infestations. These are a sort of nest for zombies where they live and eat and if you don't clear infestations, your community may slowly fall apart.You can find new members to join your community to help you survive, but this also means another mouth to feed, and supplies are rare once you have scavenged most of them. Your map shows the whole of Trumbull county and has crosses on the houses you have already scavenged. So sooner or later you will need to find a way to escape Trumbull county by following the main missions which lead to an alright story, what you would expect off a zombie survival game. I personaly had no problem with the ending, but I know many found it dissapointig. But this is a spoiler free review so I will not say anything else.There are several vehicals to drive, but as I previously mentioned they tend to be about as safe as petrol and fire. Some vehicals are big and protected with a lot of space to store supllies and some are small and fast with little protection. One thing to note is that youi can change your character to go on house raids or when your character dies you can change to another member of your community, and then find the supplies of your last character. This game also has a very nice soundtrack along with very nice graphics. I remember the first time I tried to go on a scavenge in State of Decay was at night and I was too worried to fight the zombies in case it attracted more. So I was just sneaking from bush to bush, hiding from the zombies, along with the beautiful soundtrack.But like most games, I do still have my fair froblems with the game. First, you don't really feel any connection to the other members of your community, when another member joins, it just means less space but more help. The only characters I ever really cared for were Marcus (the character you start with), Lilly, Ed (your friend at the beggining) and Maya (another early character you meet). And the game is slightly buggy. It doesn't feel very polished at times, but this is easily passable by the fun gameplay itself.Overall, if your looking for a zombie survival game that isn't just buggy multiplayer or the slaughter of millions of zombies, I can't reccommend this to you enough. Despite the lack of polish this game has, you will get hours of fun from it.9/10 Not a masterpiece, but real damn close!"
76561198107019108,Not Recommended,329430,25512759,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,fishey101,I was exited to get this game and when I launched it for the first time nothing happened so I tried again and it came on after a bit but the mouse cursor wasn't correct (when I hovered over one thing it didn't select it but selected the one below it) but when I got into the game I found it extremely laggy and I couldn't find any settings to turn some things down.
,Not Recommended,329430,23434660,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,liigk,"dont get me wrong, this is a great game. really, it is great. it is the all in one survival simulator, but there are A LOT of issues with it. there are a sh*t tone of bug, for example, zombie get stuck between walls, zombie get stuck under the deck etc. this game is also very poorly optimized. i have a GTX 970M and guess what, it is not a very good gaming experience i got. sometimes, the frame rate drops down to less than 30 when it is on ultra settings which is just a great disappointment on my part. all in all, love the content, but WTF, releasing a half finished game is not something you should do."
76561198167985908,Recommended,329430,21672967,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,A Homicidal Penguin,a great zombie open world rpg minimal bugs except for invisible walls absolutely everywhere the voice acting is good and charachters have some depth and background to them that can lead to freindships and rivalries especially in the lifeline dlc  (free) only bad thing i see is the constant reuse of character models both players and zombies you should check it out you can always refund it
76561198120558190,Recommended,329430,31395657,Posted: 27 April,all,BongReaper,"One of the best zombie sandboxes out there. Great survival, basebuilding, and scavenging."
76561198075473493,Recommended,329430,19986274,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Hirame[ヒラメ],A Great Game-BASH ZOMBIE HEADS!!-RECRUIT SURVIVORS!!-SHOOT ZOMBIES IN THE HEAD!8.5/10
,Recommended,329430,25107852,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Insy,"Intro TL;DRThis is a 3:rd person scavenge and survival action game with RPG elements. It is set in a post-apocalyptic setting where most people died and then stood up again.This game is for you if you like exploring under tension,running slightly simple mission and building a small society.These are the things you need to be able to overlook.-    Auto save that you have absolutely no control over.-    Game world has poor and inconsistent persistence. Zombies often spawn in when you can see them.Cars can get repaired whilst doing nothing. Areas don't stay cleared (due to random spawn-ins)-    Some of the missions you get are of a ""You're a school teacher who needs to hold everyone’s hand""-type-    Game can be repetitive. Some missions feature you haveing a talk with a given character. When you for the fifth time do that mission with the exact same dialogue it just feels lazy.-    The game has no Cooperative play mode. This could seriously mitigate most of the negatives.-    The menus are cumbersome to use.-    I've built at least a few facilities because I clicked one to many times on something whilst finding out what that facility was.-    You cannot cancel facility being built-    Physics are twitchy. Be careful about flipping your car full of loot...A few tips for enjoying the game.Whenever a slightly different mission shows up. Do it. You'll get enough of the repetitive ones anywayUse the radio tower to find resources you need.Recruit people when you canExtend the base as much as possible.Don't be afraid to move.Build outposts around the base. Really does help.What did I like about it?+    Big gameworld to explore. Nothing is locked down. Go out there and explore.+    A bunch of characters to choose between.+    Characters actually die and are gone from play after that.+    You do have some control over how the settlement survives based on resources gathered, facilities built and outposts settled+    Game has a mechanism for how much sound you make. It works pretty well.+    I like the palette"
76561198007539880,Not Recommended,329430,35028233,Posted: 17 September,all,andrewc48,This is worse than the original. You think the original has bugs? Nothing compared with this. Unplayable rubbish. Wish I could get my money back!
76561198049216916,Recommended,329430,21773756,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,nineCavalry,"Still one of the best of its type out there.*Has base building and people management(you can only control one person at a time).*Resource gathering seem like an adventure in itself.*Unique skills and traits that heroes and sometimes other survivors will have when you acquire them.*Later levels which feature more dangerous zombies like Ferals and Juggernauts are pretty exciting(also they are now more dangerous as compared to the first version of the game).The campaign seem more of a tutorial on how to play it. The other two modes, Lifeline and Breakdown are the main meat of this game. The campaign is great for the first playthrough.  I really like the story. But after that, there is really no point in replaying it other than exploring one or two alternate consequences for your decisions which is nothing major. The main ending will still be the same.Odd stuff:*Characters have rpg type elements added to them like shooting skills and melee skills, and also stealth skills. Some of these skills takes a long time to develop and seems out of place for a game where you can't control whether the character will meet their death(causes like depression, sickness, or getting killed by other chars).*Some bugs like zombies occupying the same space as a fence or a wall(common) and at times can walk through doors(uncommon) have not been fixed since the very first version of this game.Overall I'd still recommend this game as the good experience I've had with it is far more than the few annoyance with it."
76561198023990713,Recommended,329430,21946102,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,lordlicious,"For me, it was most awesome experience when I could actually chop limbs off zombies instead of the DayZ laggy amateurish ones. Make this an online multiplayer and I will go to the streets to help you sell it. One of the best if not the best zombie experience so far for me. Runs smooth, vehicles have perfect physics. Nothing more satisfying than hitting a bunch of zombies with the car despite the car getting wrecked as it should in real life after a certain number of strikes. Very well thought through. Nice story."
,Recommended,329430,23662140,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,xExecutioNx,"this game absolutely amazing, the whole consept of gathering supplies for your group is cool, the interaction between you and the group is amazing, and lets not forget the visuals... they are amazing! the gameplay and the interaction is just perfect in my opinion, just note that this game requires rather a stronger laptop/desktop! it is very gpu and cpu intensive which might be a downside for some people, but other than that, its amazing game, and its worth every penny!"
76561198103876056,Recommended,329430,23404385,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,erickh911,"great game, just wish there was more maps."
,Not Recommended,329430,20822545,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,SolidusLiam,Gameplay and proformance impossibly badNeed refund!Could have been incredible :(
76561198027184380,Recommended,329430,23252394,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,fieldman012000,"Certainly the best zombie game I have played. Especially with the latest mods. Downside is that I was charged twice for it because the developer could not get his act together first release. Not sure how they got away with that one.Admittedly, the game is so good now, I would snap up an upgrade or State of Decay II."
76561198192100578,Recommended,329430,23302399,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,wrxstagetwo,"This game is awesome!Buy it if you like zombie survival games!  It just does everything right, open world, feeling of dread you just never feel safe. Sad when your fellow survivors turn to zombie food.Love when you barricade yourself in a house thinking youre safe only to have a zombie horde break in through the windows! This game rules"
76561198051959423,Not Recommended,329430,24028940,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,ImYourSenpai,"Too many bugs, HORRIBLE first impression as soon as I start the game. At first I was hyped about this game but when the time came for me to play. My hopes and expectations for this game died instantly.Hooray for Steam Refund :)"
,Recommended,329430,31988454,Posted: 26 May,all,Daddy WarBucks,I friggin love this game. When State of Decay 2 comes out I will probably ruin my life playing it!!!!!
76561198052354051,Not Recommended,329430,29876562,Posted: 12 February,all,Guy_Fleegman,"I don't know where to start with this game. Apparently there's no intro-- I start a new game, the scene opens and I'm standing by water being attacked by zombies. Not even time to get my bearings, adjust to the physics of the game, make any necessary changes, or even process a storyline. Following this my main character acts completely nonchalant about what's going on, apparently unbothered by either the zombies attacking him or, if he's unaware they're zombies, the fact that he just murdered three people.The controls are not good. The movement feels awkward, turns are awkward, the camera is also awkward. I suspect gunplay would not be particularly fun in this game and the melee (at least at the start) is mindless mashing.Following the very abrupt introduction (i.e. appearing with no context or character/story build-up whatsoever), I make my way to a nearby ranger cabin and am greeted by someone who acts like I know exactly what's happening. Here, take these supplies and head back out to secure the area! And I, seeming to lack interest in the background of this situation, unable to express shock or horror at the unfolding situation, agree to do this with no particular need to question this man.I head back out to explore the area, climbing a water tower to assess different points of interest. This is pretty cool and finally begins to ground me a bit. I manage to access the menu system (which, for some unknown reason, does not default to the Escape key but instead picks a random button on my mouse) and am fairly bombarded with information. It's not an excessive amount of stuff-- it seems they struck a good balance between depth and accessibility-- but it's still a lot to take in at once and with no real tutorial. I manage to access game controls and can finally fix the y-axis reverse and change some of the hotkeys.Following this I begin to explore and seek out quest locations. However, my minimap is not 'locked' but changes as my facing changes-- again, I can't comprehend why this was done. So I have a difficult time orienting myself in the pursuit of static locations. I also realize that the movement isn't getting much better, even after adjusting the camera sensitivity.I find a few cabins, beat down some deadites, and enter to see what appear to be items strewn all over. Yet the cabin is described as empty and there's nothing to loot. I noticed the same thing in the ranger station-- lots of goods lying around that can't be picked up. I find this strange and an immersion breaker.A few minutes later I realize that I am already bored and have no real interest in trying to adapt to the game's clunky controls, no real sense of world immersion (largely due to the horrible 'plop you in with no context'), and am getting no enjoyment whatsoever from the combat. I log out after about twenty minutes for the second time since I picked the game up, recalling that I had tried once to play, didn't enjoy it, but wanted to give it another chance.Now I know it's not a fluke. The game as a whole might be fun, and it might have been more acceptable before I got into the Fallout series, but at this point I just can't comprehend some fo the developer decisions or the lacklustre beginning-- which is generally among the most important parts of a game and should be polished quite a bit before release.Scoring this game would be difficult because I haven't given the breadth of it much of a chance. So I will say 5/10, but if you can get past the issues I've outlined here, or really, really love zombies, the system seems interesting enough to warrant a 7."
76561198014180600,Recommended,329430,19958878,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,AoE,just.yes.
76561197998873943,Not Recommended,329430,34149048,Posted: 10 August,all,mindlar,"I have very mixed feelings on this game. I like the game play of running around and killing zombies (because really who doesn't) and it does a good job of providing the feel of being in a post-apocolyptic environment.However, the game is forced ironman. This wouldn't be a problem except that the game very infrequently crashes leading to a complete loss of progress. Thanks, I've put in 10 hours into a playthrough and now I've been kicked back to the beginning of the game."
76561198272126098,Not Recommended,329430,34023527,Posted: 4 August,all,tjames000001,"It's a glitchy mess. For some reason it just doesnt feel fun. I did 30 hours, probably wont go back to it."
,Recommended,329430,23601630,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Thoro,"A lot of people are complaining about the fact that this is a paid ""update"" and I can understand that, but if you are new to this game and didn't buy the first one I must say that it is worth buying. The game doesn't have a lot of real bugs in it anymore and while it still does have a few negatives like the NPC's trying to get in your car and getting stuck at intense moments, it is a good game with nice base building and base managing mechanics while still keeping a nice third person fighting system that (in my opinion) doesn't get old after you killed a few zombies. So I would recommend this game to anyone that likes the zombie survival genre or would like to get in to it. Keep in mind that this is a game where you have to manage your survivors so it isn't a game where you are completely alone with the zombies."
76561198131672271,Recommended,329430,28916686,Posted: 1 January,all,Koyuki Himekawa,"Zombies are overrated, but this game lure me in becuase this game has no protaganist everyone is the protaganist. If one of the characters dies is not game over it continues with a replacement when you get a replacement there is a scene that she or he gives thier condolences of the last character you play with pretty cool. Is all about how many days can you survive and the best part how many characters can you send them to safety. This game is fun and challenging."
76561198089098219,Recommended,329430,28858393,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Jang™,"""We'll crack open a cold one for you!"""
76561198070171287,Recommended,329430,28727684,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Blessed,State of Decay 2
,Recommended,329430,28834292,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Maxagaze,How clear a house which is infested with zombies1) Go outside with a car2)Push the horn3)Let them come out4)Ride over themBest dating zombie simulator
,Recommended,329430,24149715,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,elwaffle,"I put so many hours into the original relese of this, and while I was dissappointed that the YOSE was full price and not discounted to people who owned the original, it's still a fantastic game, and if you don't already own it, buy it!  Seriously, if you like survival and zombie games, this will suck 60 plus hours from your life and you'll be glad it did.  There is a sequal announced on the way and I'm going to buy it day one for sure."
76561198036497049,Recommended,329430,24126679,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Cat's Eye Nebula,This is in my top 3 best zombie games! Great mix of survival & zombie killing w/ a hint of walking dead.gathering resources & maintaining a base & people is fun when none of them are the 'main character'Can't wait to see what SoD2 has in store...multiplayer!Go check out my let's play - The Decaying State @ youtube!
76561198264313754,Recommended,329430,29876428,Posted: 12 February,all,trev.workman,"The MOST replayable game since Vice City.  I have this on two platforms (PC and Xbox).  I have both the original and the YOSE.  I have spent innumerable hours trying to create the perfect group of survivors, the most potent chems and killing Juggernauts who are guarding C.L.I.O. drops.  The only drawback to this game is that you cannot headshot the Wilkersons."
,Recommended,329430,18396214,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Eisen-Faust,"So Long time player of the Origanal State of Decay, Loved it and still do. Year One came out and I jumped on the band wagon like a drunk needing booze and I loved it, Why, Because State of Decay is a Zombie game I enjoy. Yeah they closed down the other one and will not sell it anymore but this game is still the same as the other just updated for the Xbox One so that is why they did this. So that being said here we go into the Review.The game is just like the State of Decay parent but there are infact different vehicles, animations, fixed bugs and infact some new added characters and example is Milo (Sasquatch's brother from Lifeline). So they rereleased the game, so are you gonna complain about Final Fantasy 7's Remastered? I loved State of Decay and I love Year One."
76561198027255145,Recommended,329430,21114951,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Dark Thund3r,"I know there are a lot of bad reviews about this game but honestly most of these im guessing are problems with their computer not the game because i run this game on high graphics and I get no problems whatsoever. Sure the companions in this game are not the most useful but they do help. One companion could be the diffirence between you getting a lot of resources and a zombie ripping your face off. Vehicles are super useful especially since 1. they can kill zombies really easily, 2. they can carry supplies in the trunk, and 3. there are a lot of them. Also i'll tell you right off the bat that this is a ""year edition"". Year editions like for example ""game of the year editions"" aren't remastered versions. Year editions are just the original game but with a little bit better graphics and all the DLC but at a lower price. Your not going to get incredibly better graphics with this edition just a little bit better. If your looking for a single-player version of games like Day-Z or H1Z1 then this game is for you. So to sum it all up.1. not many problems.2. companions are useful.3. vehicles are super useful.4. a little bit better graphics.5. all DLC.6. decent combat.7. pretty good survival aspect.8. decently interesting story and characters."
76561198143537398,Recommended,329430,20398037,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,SpookyKnight,"People get upset about this game because its practicly the same as the Origonal one, if you have watched the trailers, you've seen that coming, dont buy it then! First you buy a game you could have known of it could have been the same and then get upset, also for the player who dont have either but a good pc i would still recomend this one, because as people say: ""avoid YOSE"" i say ""Buy YOSE"" because there is more content, some bugs are fixed and the graphics are increased."
76561198093260002,Recommended,329430,29214821,Posted: 12 January,all,DaCh,just the best zombie game ever...
,Recommended,329430,21070131,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Edgar Allan Nooooooo,"Ignore 90% of the negative reviews. They are angry at this being practically a ""Game of the year"" copy, where all of the DLC and updates are included. Seriously, read some of them, they're pretty salty over nothing. As for the complaints about graphics, perhaps they just need to upgrade their hardware, because I've ran into very few stutters as some have claimed. You do see a little flickering on some distant images, but its really not bad at all. This game is absolutely fantastic, ranking well into my top 10 favorite games of all time; and that says a lot considering how many fantastic titles I've played in my lifetime. This game really makes you put in the effort to keep everyone alive and satisfied, without feeling grueling and overbearing. I waited until i put in over 10 hours before deciding to make this review, just in case it was an easily beat, or at the very least quick to beat kind of game. I can say without doubt, i'm not even close to half way though, and that's without touching the DLC yet. So please, give this game a chance, especially if you can while its on sale, you wont regret it. Even if its no longer on sale by the time you come across it, its well worth full price. I recommend this title to anyone into survival games, games similar to The Walking Dead, or just looking for a game to invest time in.Rating 9/10 (Would me a solid 10 but only a a very rare select few titles get a 10 in my book.)Cons- Zero. I've yet to find anything about this game to warrant a con. Small things, like a few minor graphics issues are to be expected from a game that's not made by some super development corporation. These people obviously worked their asses off."
76561198034013908,Recommended,329430,29774853,Posted: 7 February,all,brthrgrim,"I do recommend this game.  Some people apparently find the combat system to be ""clunky"" but seems just fine to me.  Enjoyed base building, little missions, world, etc.Lots of caveats though!This game has a ridiculous amount of bugs.  Nothing seemed to be fixed from the non YOSE versions.  Not too bad if you always keep an eye out for them.  Zombies WILL randomly go through walls and doors.  Sometimes it will just be ""cosmetic"", as in you can see them but they can't see you or hit you.  Sometimes they will just flat out run through things.  You may also accidentally run through walls or closed doors when you least expect it.  Most annoying thing is when the gates in Lifeline no longer exist for the zombies.  It seems you can reset the issue by running down and opening and closing the gates.  But kind of disappointing when a whole horde of zombies just phases through your closed gate.If you alt tab to look at anything else on your computer, you will be stuck in a non full sized game window.  You have to exit the game fully and re enter to fix this.Be careful driving.  Sometimes hitting even small objects with your vehicle at relatively low speeds can make it fly through the air and crash.  If a vehicle is upside down, it will automatically explode after a minute or so, no exceptions.  So if you have sacks in it, you'll want to rapidly unload them or lose everything.Your NPC allies tend to be incredibly stupid.  They don't seem to use silencers, so if they go with you to fight, be aware that they will use melee weapons only, even if their life is in danger.  They also will sometimes suicide, so if they say ""clear out, I've got these guys!"", listen to them and clear out.  They may use an incendiary or explosive.  I've had my vehicle blown up by an NPC doing this next to me, which basically killed me too.  They may also freeze, not fighting the zombies or doing anything else.  I've had refugees do this as well as a fellow soldier on base.  For the refugees, I was able to push them outside, then push them all the way to base with a car, then inside.  They remained frozen until picked up by helovac.All this being said, this is one of the few games I've played through many times and am still playing!  Hoping all these issues disappear with SoD 2, when they use the Unreal engine instead of the Cry something or other engine.  Assuming it was named ""Cry"" because when you play a game with it, most of the time you just want to cry due to the poor quality."
,Recommended,329430,21945379,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,ANONYMOUS GRANDASS,I suggest you go and download QMJS's Extended Funtions mod.
76561198040814794,Recommended,329430,22173233,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Mike,"Where to begin?  Lots of negativity in this one but not from me.Many are pessimistic here because, indeed, this should ave been little more than a patch rather than a total new release.  So, some had to double buy.  However, that stated, this comes with the DLC of Breakdown and Lifeline that the original one had to purchase them seperately.  Here shows, once more, waiting for that right time to buy, instead of getting immediately at release, can be a good thing.  Many games have updates not patched immediately, but held until complete and packaged together wit their expansions then.One thing, I desperately wish I could use my controller with this one.  Keyboard functions are nominal, but can take that precious second to reach that finger over that would have saved your life by rolling/sprinting away.  I only feel, using a controller I may not have had to restart so many times.  If I had a controller, the way it saves may not be so bad!  Death is perminant for every character, and between that and using the keyboard, completion of the game is possible but improbable.Visually, the game is stunning, grim, dark, amazing, and terribly terrific.Audio does cut in and out at times, and is extremely important as your char gives you clues on if you can outpost yet or not a place, and radio from home base updates missions still to do/new on map.  A text caption backup at the bottom of the screen exists, but is far from full proof.Once I loaded a relatively young game up, at the church, we had our gate per usual but the wall wasn't there.  People were running freely from the church to the parking without using the gate.  Now, this may speed up their little scavinging runs, but what if we had a horde come through just then?My biggest dislike though is glitching through walls.  It happens pretty frequent, especially when a juggernaut does it when you're trying to pitch him fiery cocktails and not get the NPCs or yourself wasted during a besieged mission.Tip, at all costs, avoid a jugger when elements would otherwise force you to face it one on one in the open.  Avoid jumping into a horde on the other side of a window to try to kill the juggie at a distance.  Just run away to fight another day.  Strategical retreats, also, are noble.  Especially when twenty something people depend on your continued existence.  You need not tell them you ran away from fighting another thirty zombies, just tell them about the seventy before that you killed over dinner.You are the apocalypse hero, so tell your story, your way.  History remembers the words of the winner, but dead things tell no tales.  Worry not, for the zombies you ran from will not tattle on you!Okay, I've mentioned many little nuances, and few large good things.  All those nuances though remove very little from appreciation and immersion for me.  Overall out of a rating of 100, I rate this a 99.  Great product here, UL"
76561198292049808,Recommended,329430,31999001,Posted: 27 May,all,BIGWAR65,BADASS GAME YOU NEED TO GET THE GAME YOU GET ALL THE DLC WITH IT SO GET IT NOW
76561198204263968,Recommended,329430,23802460,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,BetaLoneWolfN7,"So far, I am enjoying this game through and through. The interactability is very well thought out in terms of fighting, running, searching, and being in this game. I recommend it whole-heartedly and I am starting a Youtube playthrough for those who want to check it out.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_EgnjKeBEo&index=1&list=PLNKWnhUuXO8316ZGI0C4rRdQOqSLEYqww"
76561197964449111,Recommended,329430,31986422,Posted: 26 May,all,muGen,True survival game.
,Recommended,329430,20134194,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,SpecialK916,"Great game. Totally addicting. Although there is room for improvement.Pros- upgrade your base- level up your characters- Important decisions that keep the game interestingCons- The map is big and spread out, but travel time sucks.- I'm not a big fan of weapon degridation.- too many limits on base upgrades, i want to really deck out my base."
,Not Recommended,329430,35388002,Posted: 1 October,all,Camega,Lacks a lot of basic features in the options.
,Recommended,329430,31446056,Posted: 29 April,all,Fable Child,-Find great new shotgun-Decide to use it on a zombie horde-Gun jams after first shot-Another horde comes up behind me8/10 Would get torn apart by zombies again
76561198218167101,Recommended,329430,28770664,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,gilh972,Best zombie game ever!!!
,Not Recommended,329430,32017414,Posted: 28 May,all,JokerFTW,"trash movement/walking system. always wobbles, refunded"
76561198044869534,Not Recommended,329430,33213506,Posted: 3 July,all,Chicken Man101,"If you want your inter demons of rage to come out, play this game, glitchy af, controls lag, missions lag, good game if you have the calmness to play and get through all the glitchyness, idk i couldnt recommend this game unless you are board."
76561198199159114,Recommended,329430,32523167,Posted: 17 June,all,Exion,"My favorite post apocalipse game of all, i cant wait for SoD 2."
,Recommended,329430,17721407,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Requiem,"I agree with a lot of people.It's not a good strategy, to sell this game again under a "" remastered "" label, while basicly you are paying again for a ""patch""HOWEVER, also i bought the first version and still I am buying it again.But I will NOT just downvote this game because I might be butthurt that i have to pay a full price again.I payed again because I like the game, its good fun, and I did not had the DLC's yet, so i thought , well I got the money, i can afford it, so i rebought it.I will upvote this game, because of the fun I have in it. But I can understand the butthurts of those who downvoted it for legit reasons.My upvote is therefore only meant for those who are new to this game, if you are into testing how many zombies you can kill with your car, or see how you get ripped in half if zeds get the best of you,  and you like zombie games in general. and you can turn a blind eye for the fact the developer is greedy, buy the game :)  you only live once :)"
,Recommended,329430,28479683,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Judge Keemstar,"One of the best zombie games I've ever played. Walking Dead, Take notes."
76561198082044548,Recommended,329430,22300124,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Camper_X,"Despite it's bugs, it's the best zombie apocalypse single-player game - so far.But Istronglyrecomend using a mod to enhance it's options and gameplay, likeExtended Functions- it will add tons of new weapons and unblock the ones in the various add ons (Lifeline weapons in Breakdown, etc.), give more building options, frees up more contruction sites in home sites, etc.The only problems in my opinion are the constant small bugs and, whatreallypi$$es me off is that you find A LOT of guns - this is a ZOMBIE APOCALYPSE, it should be a little harder to find usable guns, not to mention ammo.Maybe it's just me, because I live in a country with severe restricting gun laws (Brazil), but I find it odd that in just 5 to 10 minutes of gameplay I might find myself with a grenade laucherANDa machine gun - both fully loaded. O_o"
,Recommended,329430,22280112,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Grifftg,Zombie legitness. Great
,Recommended,329430,24191197,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Dharma Drew,"I definitely have never understood the negative reviews surrounding this game.  Sure, the updated YOSE edition only included an entire 1080p graphic overall, loads of bug fixes, and new playable characters/items/vehicles/zombies in Breakdown... But, you didn't have to buy the ""update.""I did, and I don't regret it at all.  I'm honestly waiting with baited breath for a new one to be released!  I want more content!  MORE!I have dumped hours upon hours into this game and I can truly say that it is awesome!  There's a level of difficultly that you can set for yourself--depending on your play-style.  I'm a more casual player, doing a lot of stuff just for the story and team-building that this game allows.  Some of the tasks *can* get repetative after a while, but, you can always choose to ignore them.  The developers made sure there was plenty to do to keep you busy.If you like survival, zombies, RPG, adventure, and discovering new play-systems with a twist--then SoD is for you!"
76561198108985585,Recommended,329430,24998986,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,The Great One,One of the best Zombie games out there.  Can't wait for State of Decay 2 next year!
76561197973149240,Recommended,329430,34737384,Posted: 4 September,all,ZipTon,Fun game
,Recommended,329430,17920530,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,gekido,"awesome. 100% awesome. 3rd person action RPG, multiple playable characters, dozens of vehicles, base building, zombie killing fun."
,Recommended,329430,20461338,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Kaiser Thurston,"A good zombie survival game, just a few minor bugs, nothing game-breaking (At least in my experience.)"
,Recommended,329430,24343871,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Trainwreck,"State of Decay, to date this is quite literally my favorite zombie game. SoD gets it right on so many levels, the main characters truly have character and the voice acting is actually pretty decent. This is an old game I had it on Xbox live and put far more time into it there than on steam. If you like survival horror games this one has one of the better replay value that I have found, rpg elements let you build characters base building to fill the needs of the camp.Needless to say you can tell I'm a fan, but I will say there are some consthis is an old game the graphics are a bit datedthe zombies never die out they just keep coming this kinda leaves me with a feeling of failure at the end of each play though as these are supposed to be small towns how many 10's of thousands of people could there have actually been there, sometimes hoards spawn in places that have been totally cleard instead of roaming from uncleard areasthe zombie killing can get stale, you spend alot of time conserving ammo with meele combat which is a little clunky and not very deepand the biggest con of all no multiplayer, the new game is supposed to have multiplayer of some kind.all in all I would recommend it but not a full price even moreso now that their is a new game coming, but I bought it twice at full price and still feel like my value was through the roof."
76561198158628119,Recommended,329430,20554444,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Jay,"I bought this game today and it's bloody brilliant, there's so much to do, loads of quests and lost of random stuff. The characters are great to play with, they'll have different skills, so none of them are the same. I will be playing this for a very long time.Where are all these bugs people go on about? I've only played for a short time but the way people go on about them I thought this game was bad. This game runs bad? I get 90 to 130 FPS how is that bad performance?This game runs perfectly, no FPS drops in silly places like I've seen people go on about, I almost passed on this game because of all the bad reviews, I'm just glad I didn't listen to them. I wanted to buy this game awhile ago and I wish I did, brilliant game."
,Recommended,329430,21029900,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,DeathReaperGaming,"Game is phenominal, And I would highly suggest for anyone who loves zombies or just likes open world survival. Just really need smultiplayer, that would make it so much better than it already is. Other than that epic game!"
76561198115696346,Recommended,329430,21615404,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,podan,"Best survival zombie game ever! I love the game so much I have the original version too. Best living world I have ever experienced in an open world game.A day surviving State of Decay; driving down the road and see a zombie horde, I'll just run them down, so many zombies my car gets bogged down long enough for a feral zombie to pull me from the car and rip my in two, I am dead, next survivor please :-) man I love this game."
76561197985761406,Recommended,329430,18764618,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,WitchZero,Superb Game.  If you haven't played SOD yet then it is worth every penny.  If you already owned the previous version and DLC then it's nothing you NEED.  It's just a little better.  I think its worth the money if your a fan of the game.  If you are a casual player that has owned the previous version...wait for a sale.The best Zombie Survival Game to date IMO.
,Recommended,329430,19791492,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Lord Phule,I really haven't gotten to main part of the game and really just started on it.  From what I can tell so far though it's going to be hours of enjoyment for me it really does seem like a great game at the beginning.
,Recommended,329430,20198510,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,;x,Great game it include 3 games for the price of one.
76561197972918146,Recommended,329430,17560072,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,ImGunFodder,"State of decay does not have the worlds best graphics but it compensates (I think) in gameplay and challange. This game is not flawless (no game is) ocassional glitches are annoying but not a deal breaker, zombie hords are constant and never ending.  Anyone in this game can die, and I mean ANYONE! my biggest pet peeve is when the zeds swarm you and you have no way to stop a character from dying.  Zombies (zeds) are way too awair of their surroundings making stealth a moot point accept in the very beginning.The story is not very compelling but still enjoyable.Guns are helpful but tend to lead to  more zeds coming to attack you, melee is dangerous and comes with it's own shortcomings.  This game is not for the ill-tempered or easily annoyed because you will have both happen to you.Stealth needed to be better, more options for building forts all would have added to the enjoyment of this game.You end the game walk away only to come back and discover that all your safehouses have been overrun, Half the people you rescued are dead, (for no reason) and in general moral sucks. Yet when you left the game everying was on a highnote, so not having everything you have worked hard to achive suddenly fall apart while you were not playing the game would definatly been better, no would make more sense.Despite all this I have still enjoyed this game and would reccomend it with a warning, its your fault if you put you fist through your monitor."
,Recommended,329430,18849233,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,DrFusion3000,"there are a lot of negative reviews on this game from disgruntled PC gamers who feel like the original port should never have been sold and that this version should have been the PC version from the begining.This is not a review of indignant entitlement.This game is NOT Hugely different from the original, there are a few new questlines, some tweaks, characters all have a combat knife so when their melee weapon breaks they don't do repetetive kicks like they did. There are a couple new weapons and the campaigns all share vehicles and weapon drops.The part that doesn't get talked about much is that the graphics engine is substantially improved, it wasn't just a texture package, the UI, shadows, and geometries were also improved, resolutions run higher and the framerate is actually better.there are mods on the nexus that can make the original game much better, but they don't approach the visual fidelity that the YOSE version does. I bought this game in part to support devs that built something unique. I both this one and the original on sale, and i don't regret either.IF you've never played the original this game is EPIC, its on my top 10 all time games list, next to titles like Skyrim, Lego Marvel Superheroes, Bioshock, Tomb Raider, X3TC/AP, and Command and Conquer 3.if you've played the original and wish to see some improvements, most of them are here, there are also mods to correct the few remaining flaws on this one."
,Recommended,329430,19157242,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,koclak13,"great zombie survival game, lets hope for multiplayer in next game ^^"
76561198144273137,Recommended,329430,20414492,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Outkast,"this game is an amazing game, i would really recomend it if you are into an open-world/free-roam Zombie survival game, which also has great missions to play."
76561198014671435,Recommended,329430,20790444,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,shinobieddo,"One of the best zombie games today. It's not about firing zombies, it's about survival so don't expect to be firing at everything that moves because it's mostly the stealth that counts. 3rd person zombie survival game.Pros:- Good environement.- Open world.- Variety of weapons.- Fort building (not a full one, but upgradable ones).Conts:- Story could be deeper.- Open ending, not conclusive.- Dumb NPCs."
76561197964548744,Recommended,329430,18901781,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,CheLives,"Having played this for as long as I have, I have just a few comments:-it doesn't have wonderful graphics-it has no happy endings-you can't kill other players (read what you buy before you buy it)-you have to save NPCs-you have to earn acheives by actually doing them, not by cheesing them somehow-you have to create and maintain viable communities.It has great replay value, you get to kill lotsa zombies, and if you have a moderately decent PC, knowledge of keyboard commands in Windows, you can easily have a fun gaming experience saving NPCs at the same time. If your defintiion of a good time is looking for humans to kill, you're going to have a hard time here...altho it is possible. :)"
,Recommended,329430,18966742,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Sin,"This game is exactlty the same as the non-YOSE edition, except with all the DLC included and a couple minor things, more car skins... etc.   The graphics dont look much better if at all better than the original on PC.  If you were to buy one of them definintely buy this one, but dont buy both unless you're a huge fan.  Highly recommend this game, it's been a while since i played it now and everytime i see screenshots for it i get the itch to play it and it's hard to resist it...  may be one of my favourite games of all time, and i've been playing a long time...My original review for the non YOSE edition:Longest review i've written, and i dont like long reviews but i cant stop talking about it.I recommend anyone who tried this game to play at least until you've gotten to the church, which is fairly early on. I stopped playing it as i didn't understand the point of the game or what to do. Not a lot is explained to you very well but you can figure it out over time. I get really engaged in this game and it feels very real. When your favourite character dies, they're gone forever. No loading a savegame to bring them back.In the game, you can drive vehicles plowing through hordes, gather resources, rescue survivors, change home base locations to better suit your needs and build and upgrade your base as well for other purposes. There is a storyline and a definitive ""end"" to the main game, which i was worried it didn't have at first. However, the ""Breakdown"" DLC allows you to keep playing the game forever by reaching the next level after repairing an RV each time and driving to a new location, which is just the same exact map that has been completely reset except on higher difficulty (up to level 6 i believe, afterwards it's the same difficulty).I highly recommend this game, i cannot stop playing it, and i definately recommend the ""Lifeline"" DLC as it's a new map and more of a story based timeline, with daily seiges on your base you have to defend. More ammo and supplies are available in this DLC also. You also get to drive on abandonded highways and get caught in ""Danger Zones"" which is fun too.Only problem i have with this game is you never see anyone else on the map outside their camps, no one else is ever driving around, walking around (unless walking home from a mission, even if you're there to drive them home). You friends in the game never use guns or the weapons in their hands either when fighting. A lot of people criticize the way your friends go on missions and get stuck and never seem to do anything on their own. I actually like this, it gives you more to do. The game does get a little repetitive after a while too but if you switch between the DLCs it changes it up. Another problem which is debatable, is that time passes by without you actually being game, even though it's an offline game. The game simulates the time spent offline (to a point) when you start the game next. Despite all this i'm not sure this game could be any better."
,Recommended,329430,19805744,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Chris Adamantium,"I love zombie games.   This game is a lot of fun and I can get lost just doing random stuff even in this small world.  Then theres always a but...The FPS in this game is just super unstable.  I have a R9 380 and I bounce around not ""stutter"" but BOUNCE from around 60 to -30 fps depending on whats going on.   It doesn't make the game unplayable but I had this edition on my Xbox One when I still owned it and only repurchased it cause I thought I could end up playing it at a constant smoother 60fps.  That was not the case.  If you own the original and don't really care to play the DLC I wouldn't recommend purchasing this but if you want a new open world zombie experience and not too worried about story elements this one is a good buy.  Would wait for it to be on sale though."
,Recommended,329430,20837189,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,MysticScribe,"I'm not going to lie there are many things wrong in this game from invisible enemies, clipping though walls and stairs, finicky controls, lag which has gotten me almost killed on several ocassions, and non consistant doors, which sounds like I'm being picky but when zombies can walk right through our defenses if the gate isn't closed I'd like all the doors to be consistant. Either I have to shut them myself or they shut automatically but in this game half the time the doors are automatic and half the time they're not.Still I recomend this game because the concept and the basic mechanics are sound. This is one of the most realistic zombie games that I've played and I like that it revolves around a sense of community instead of you being a lone wolf trying to do everything. And while it can get annoying to have been playing for 20 minutes for your survivor to get fatigued and you either have to switch out for someone else or stop playing for a while, I feel like it works with the realisim. No one can do everything all the time as much as we want to."
76561198068273425,Recommended,329430,18670412,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,twindragon_girl88,"I only just got it but State of Decay is awesome. One word of warning though, don't alter the graphics. I did and now I can't get it to go back to fullscreen."
76561198002750472,Recommended,329430,20456621,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,antthog,If you can find this in the sale then definately buy it. Not worth €27.99. Especially if you own the orignial game. Haven't noticed the difference!!!It's a well put together indie game. For what it lacks in graphics it certainly make up for in playability. The controls are instantly familiar and format is questing clever.An absolute must for walking dead fans...
76561198195979325,Recommended,329430,30024128,Posted: 18 February,all,The_Entitled_Brit,I recommend fun to rek zombies with a table leg
,Not Recommended,329430,32713901,Posted: 23 June,all,CAW,this game is great and i have put hundreds of hours on xbox360 but i wouldnt recommend for pc as the controls are clunkier
76561198113562857,Recommended,329430,17514884,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,FlamingFlubbleBubble,I guess my view will be bias beacause i got the first game the first night it came out but i think it is an amazing survival game that is new every time you play. And this new remaster is amazing the game looks young again so i alway recommend it to friends but if you dont like tougher games this might not be the game for you but if you like games for a all around fun time i recomend it to Everyone to try it.
,Recommended,329430,32482795,Posted: 16 June,all,Ponntare0407 *The Blues Brothers,good game
76561198267516034,Recommended,329430,24609063,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,problemlemon,"While this game got some backlash for going ""YOSE"" I still feel like this game is worth the money especially since you get all of its DLC.Pros:>For a game that was put out in a rush, its a very unique game that accomplishes what other game could not.>Large map with TONS of lootable buildings, camp sites, ect. Its safe to say that 99% of the buildings are lootable.>Fun and dynamic base building with several choices to where you can set up your base.>Has a good mix of challenging and relaxing moments.>You can play as any suvivor you rescue or meet.>has a good mix of different types of missions so your not always doing the same thing.>Has a huge varity of guns (uses the names of real guns) and melee weapons along with many types of ammo, grenades, food/snacks, vehicles, and distraction items.>Fun DLC that adds many more hours of gameplay.>Has replay ValueCons:>The game still has bugs but none that i found were unbearable.>Zombies keep respawning in looting areas despite already killing them.>Has a cap on what can fit in storage but iv only hit it once and im a huge pack rat.>Cant keep playing after you finish the main story missions.>Have to reset the game every time you want to swithch to DLC.>No multiplayer (although State of Decay 2 is fixing that -https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FB4fFl-Ysg8-)"
76561198066208966,Recommended,329430,24684704,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,RCMPDEERE,"This game is the BEST zombie game I have played and I love all of it. The non multi-player is a bummer but you know I can't complain, The new one is a ""Online Multiplayer"" or so I have heard so I recommend this so much until State Of Decay 2 comes out!"
76561198120286488,Recommended,329430,22389079,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Trashmax,the soldier dlc is bad i tryed rescuing a soldier and a survior yet THERES NO ENTRY POINT TO SAVE THEM 5 minutes later of driving both die wtf... but he rest of the gmae is fine just add more entrances to the gmae to cites please
,Recommended,329430,23792592,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Icky,"What can I say .. A classic and timeless ..Played the livin♥♥♥♥♥♥out of SoD on XBox then here on Steam and lastly on the YOSE..While the story doesnt' change much, there's enough variety in things to do that replay after a few months to a  year off it's all good again.  I find joy in trying to do things different than the last time I played and I still get frustrated at how things go down.. Like losing 1 of my main characters TOO early on.. Ugh..Just remember to check that TAB screen and make sure to move around the  survivors you have.. work them all up in skills/etc and don't just focus on one.  Trust me :)A+++"
76561198371499156,Recommended,329430,30348570,Posted: 5 March,all,LackingDubstep,the dang game wont launch or sync!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198082218700,Recommended,329430,31166145,Posted: 15 April,all,GOOMBA,Alright Alright Alright
,Recommended,329430,28343398,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,The Original Fatass,"Decent game overall, story is somewhat bland, gameplay is fun and repetitive. Definatly needs some more content and a longer in depth story, because it took me about 5 hours to finish, and I didn't do everything in it.All in all I'd recommend it for a few hours at a time."
,Not Recommended,329430,15621215,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Wyoming,"When i saw that this game was coming, i was super excited, i thought : 'finally multiplater'then they removed that.That and the pig car are the only reasons i ever pre-ordered this game.I didn't ask for bugs.I didn't ask for no fullscreen.This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ if you have the old game and all the dlc's, don't buy this and play that, this really ♥♥♥♥ing sucksI'm never going to buy an undeadlabs game again..."
76561198226855820,Recommended,329430,17710476,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,boomerboomer1212,this is the best game ever it adds gore and horror in one game i promis this game wont dissapont but be carful you canlose characters very easily try to stay with teamates if you can its devolepers made the best game because it terrifing to be downed when your alone in a infested area because you die so fast iv had  to restart allot theanks to feral zombies but all in all  its very fun and exciting
76561197976840785,Recommended,329430,33683418,Posted: 20 July,all,dogsoldier2069,It's an old game but I have had much more fun playing SoD than I have playing others of this genre. Thanks for the hard work to make this a great game. Looking forward to SoD2.
76561198288551759,Recommended,329430,32561891,Posted: 19 June,all,Slidderman8448,I'm just posting here hopefully you read this the devs of State of Decay have already stated that in the 2nd one all the bugs we see in the first are fixed and that there is more in the 2nd by a long shoot so don't be discouraged to get the first it's still a worth buying game yes there is bugs but what game doesn't have bugs really now this game does require a descent desktop not a laptop this game is like the tall tale series of the walking dead but you can free roam explore build and strive a community build bases kill lots of zombies this game will screw you over the first chance it gets so you better have someone to watch you back and be sameby the way it is only a single player and yes they said the 2nd one has multiplayer or at least local play but you should try this one it's still worth buying
,Recommended,329430,32577465,Posted: 19 June,all,rjas,best zombie survival game for me..
76561197980903431,Recommended,329430,32009208,Posted: 27 May,all,Jamer,"fun single player game to pass the time, breakdown is the way to go."
76561198291471236,Recommended,329430,22285607,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,dave-martin-18,"Took me a few attemts to get the hang of it, but now realy enjoying this game was worth the buy. I would advise it can get annoying with the real time as when you next play your survivors may be dead or missing and resources depleted."
76561198076940646,Recommended,329430,24907831,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,yaryor1,when the new patch will be DEVS ??? i been waiting for year 2 when it's will be available we need to see the rest of the story
,Recommended,329430,26344655,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Shorra,"SoD : YOSE Is one of the few zombie games that I would advise others getting just plain simply because it is just so fun, tho granted it is quite repetitive and you feel like you are babysitting your survivors all the time, the amount of times I just spam my buttons for an execution just to see it happen is unreal.I shan't lie in saying I was rather disapointed when I heard that we were finally getting a game which you could barricade things in order to survive only to find out that 3 thin pieces a wood accross a window would be sufficient and nothing else, cannot barricade doors or place massive wooden panels accross sadly... But eh oh maybe for the future.Anyway, I still play this game on and off since it is fun to drive around and kill things tho I will advise that playing with a mouse and keyboard is quite difficult, instead I recommend getting a cheap wired Xbox 360 controller or something because it is so much smoother playing and less hasle trying to find your keys or having to set them for personal use.8/10 Game."
,Recommended,329430,33366917,Posted: 8 July,all,Timothy,♥♥♥♥ this game I can't ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥es wtf??? reported and bad
76561198002526111,Recommended,329430,19806786,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Horrorscope CC97,"Probably my favorite single player Zombie game. Challenging, nice pace, nice story telling, really checks a lot of boxes I look for in a fun game. The only bummer was it wasn't small team coop, but it cleary states it isn't that, just saying... Really fun game to play, enjoyed every minute."
,Recommended,329430,19749603,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Kodiak,"The best lesson in futility:  Find surivors, kill a zombie, go get stuff. Kill more zombies.  Get torn apart by zombies after opening the wrong door.  And....repeat.  It's also the most addicting.  Simply said:  I love this game, I can't put it down.  Not pleased that I suckered in to buying the ""HD"" Version after buying the original, but I'll play both.  It's 3AM and nothing to do; Let's run over a group of zombies with a car I'll never be able to afford.  YEAH!"
,Recommended,329430,19107987,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,CHEESEMAN,"My favorite game ever. Its like Grand Theft auto with zombies. You drive cars, loot for resources, outstanding amount of guns and melee weapons, it has endless breakdown and Lifeline which is playing as the military. If you dont agree this game is good than zombie games are so not for you."
,Recommended,329430,19528495,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Nero,"its like normal state of decay with new graphics, new guns (like 10-20) and new car paint jobs"
76561198107700512,Recommended,329430,19765577,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Bane,lovely game i love this game but is their anyway to reduce the lag
76561198142938587,Recommended,329430,20345606,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,3stan,State of Decay: YOSE Day One Edition-- i cant find the prepper pack =(
,Recommended,329430,22232765,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,BUKOWSKI,"Pros:-Good Initial Story-Open World-Brain EatersCons:-Repeating Missions-Bad Animations-Bad Gameplay Dynamic-Bad Driving Dynamic-NPC's are not using firearms-Taking Only One Follower With YouSummary:I like games that bonds zombie clishe with open world. If you do too, do not hesitate to buy."
76561197970908701,Recommended,329430,17847530,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,randyg,"This game is awesome. Can't even tell you how much of my life I've wasted with it, and I am, or, was, a strictly FPS/RPG Hybrid kind of guy.I recommend you skip the State of Decay ""Story Mode"" (unless you just use it for ""basic training"") and just play Breakdown. Seriously, at around level 4 or 5, I've had some fights that were ""Spartans at Thermopylea"" intense. Like Aragorn at Helms Deep, but with only  Merry and Frodo for help and no one else.....Not *real* sure that YOSE is worth it if you have the original, but, I enjoyed this game so much, I decided Undead Labs needed more of my money. Plus, sweet deal if you bought the original.There are still some very minor (too me, at least) issues. Wonky vehicle physics at times, etc. But, if a random dead guy clipping through a door ruins it for you, why are you playing this game anyway?10 out of 10, would be torn asunder by infected undead again. And again...."
76561198046819821,Recommended,329430,19688219,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,grendal252988,"Best zombie game I ever played.  It's all about setting up a safe house and keeping it supplied, lots of fun."
76561198138691719,Recommended,329430,20110855,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,* Jay *,I love how State of Decay: Year one survival edition focuses on building a community. I haven't played the first State of decay so im giving this a thumbs up I really think it is somewhat immersive.
,Recommended,329430,20153084,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Atomika,"Truely phenomenal game, runs so much better than the original Xbox 360 Arcade version. It's great to see this classic get the Next-Gen treatment it deserves!"
76561198026800056,Recommended,329430,20260187,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Karisse,"Bottom line up front: Think a less comical Dead Rising without the stun-locking psychopathes with more than one playable character, Left4Dead-style special infected and some Walking Dead scavenging. It's no flawless diamond, but it's FUN.Don't let the ""Mixed"" rating fool you. If you look up the original State of Decay (that's not longer available for purchase), you'll see it had plenty of people praising it. Most of the negative reviews for SoD seem to be original owners who were upset they bought the special edition and found it didn't offer much more than the original.The difficulty is sneaky, and I mean that in a good way, like when you try to sneak up on a lone zombie, only to realize (too late!) that there was a cluster of zombies standing just out of sight, or when you leap out of a window to make a quick get away, only to land right in the path of a zombie horde. The tension can ramp up quick, and a moment of carelessness can result in a deadly chase.Houses that aren't cleared every so often can get infested, leading to more freaks (special infected) and hordes wandering around (and even wind up attacking your home base). To compensate, you can build outposts, set traps and recruit more survivors to defend your home. It's a fun feature and it's nice to know you can create small pockets of (relative) safety.My rig isn't high end by any means (Laptop, 5th Gen. Intel Core i3, integrated HD graphics), so I have to run it on minimum graphics, but it rarely chugs. Occasionally, a zombie will be standing in a wall, or I'll swing endless at a zombie and the hits won't register until I dodge away (not sure if that's a graphic problem on my end or a bug). That's about the worst problem I've encountered in my 20 hours of gameplay.Give it a chance, especially if you can catch it on sale."
76561197962478592,Recommended,329430,28105934,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,.BAD. Épísôdè,"So uhh hooked this up to my new 4k tv to see if I could play it 4k, yup sure could, then brought it back to my 1080p PC monitor and it still kept the 4k res as an option  but it was obvously wildy out of porportion now.I used the Borderless Gaming prgram which i have used to run my Virutal pinball machine and ran the game full screen alongside the BG program, the program shrunk the screen to fit while keeping 4k textures.  1080p on a i7 with asus rog 1070 hovering at 60fps and yes it is with 4k textures, clearity is top notch.Game is a treat man, not many like it, I own the old and new versions, it has its flaws but its still a hell of a fun game."
76561197995268369,Recommended,329430,19113073,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Layla,"Love state of decay, played from day one, gets a bit repetitive after a while but its still fun. just wish undead labs stayed away from microsoft.base building, character development, its a nice solid product regardless of what people say."
,Recommended,329430,19100524,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,King Syber,Not bad for a zombie game.
,Recommended,329430,19680689,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Ashley - Valentine,"Tons of bugs, but also improvments over the normal SoD. It took me a while to get this running optimally on my machine (resolution and whatnot). Dissapointed with the lack of support from developers, since I am a huge fan of this franchise. I will seriously just keep giving them money if they keep updating content. Oh well."
76561197979170340,Recommended,329430,19782168,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,amirazimkhan,"Got this game on sale and therefore perhaps dont have the same issue as some of the negative reviews.  It is an enjoyable and at times scary game in the zombie genre.  the difficulty spikes dramatically at times and some repetition ca be a core, but on balance a good solid game at its core.  Lack of manual is my only major complaint as it is enjoyable and rewarding gameplay in most part.Pros:Graphics decentDiversity of characters and locationsdecent combattense atmosphereCons:No save function so punishes one mistakeStill some bugs remainLack of manual"
,Recommended,329430,17971034,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Lemoe,"Combat is great, character progression is great (you WILL inevitably end up getting your ""main"" character killed though), honestly I'd say it's the best zombie survival game out right now. I never had the original so to me the YOSE edition is great. I got it on sale for 10 bucks and it's worth every penny."
76561198215345385,Recommended,329430,19537345,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,MurkgardGurkhan,"Badly ported/unoptimised or something worse deep in the coding, just doesn't run right on PC, awful framerate and glitchy shadows.  Even getting to the basic user config or .ini file to lower GFX settings is a pain requiring downloading third party tools to unpack odd file types etc.The above is all a terrible shame, because SOD is one of the best games ever and i spent hundreds of hours on it on Xbox360 !Only get this version if you have a rig that will just power through the lag, or the technical savvy and will to delve deep into the files and fine tune it, and even then reports indicate you may fail.Still got high hopes for Undead Labs next game, an MMO SOD apparently !Recommended purely because SOD > other zombie games.  But this PC version is bad.  Refunded, would buy again on advent of large bug fix/optimisation patch."
,Recommended,329430,19748606,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Fuzes,This game is intense.Now this game is an excellent Zombie survival game:Good homestead mechanicGood material manegment is keyThe game does get easy after a few levels and get abit repetative7/10 -Good
76561198184178143,Recommended,329430,20049110,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,toyotawarrior,"pretty awesome game, never played the original but i am deffinately happy with this game.  im glad i went with my gut and bought it on sale despite all the negative reviews, it has a great replay value aswell.  the clunky fighting system takes a bit to get used to and when you get swarmed and killed it deffinately has caused me to rage quit a few times, but thats just part of the game.  there isnt really one main character, you control a group of survivors you can switch to anyone at any time you like so dieing really isnt THAT bad since its not the end of the game.  if you like shows like walking dead and z nation, this game will really give you that same kind of survival feeling."
,Recommended,329430,19446177,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Maledictam,"The only thing this game is really missing, is co op.  It's  one of the top favorite games of mine,  of it's genre."
,Recommended,329430,20258370,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Dr@g00n,"The gameplay is diffrent from other 3rd & 1st person zombie games, a lot of fun for ours."
,Recommended,329430,20304065,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Nokrahs,"Played the first ""SoD"" for PC hundrets and hundrets of hours. back after a break now and picked up the YOSE version.the game is pretty much the same with some minor improvements and additions. some old bugs are still there but in the end the game is worth every single penny so I don't regret buying YOSE after all.I'm already another 60 Hours in while writing this down and many more coming up.long story short: this game is recommended by me for all people with some ""Walking Dead"" Genes in them."
,Recommended,329430,20444828,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,milspec,"A flawed masterpiece. Base game needs to be harder, graphics engine needs to run smoother. SoD 2 should hopefully be excellent."
,Recommended,329430,19154131,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,RAM,This is game has it all.You have a community and people to take care of.The graphics are very good and if you want more then buy this Year 1 edition.This is my favorite zombie game ive played this game so many times.there are options if you want to loot or you want to play the story
76561198033459904,Recommended,329430,19155860,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,frenzyslave,"Played an extra 121 hours on the previous version of SoD and owned all DLC before buying this one. Game was too awesome to wait.New to the game: Ignore negative reviews on this page (the previous same game was 88% positive), and get it. Game is awesome. Best zombie game EVER. Breakdown is awesome! Lifeline too.New to the game (and its on sale): Buy it! Awesome game!! Open-World-Zombies-Survival-Community with special-zombies! Died? Meh - take over a community member! Breakdown DLC is cool.Owned original game: Quit your ♥♥♥♥♥ing and buy it when it goes on sale. I gladly payed 50% off to get the few extra features than the original game, because this game was so awesome.My only regret about this game is that it isn't multiplayer. Single player still is cool though, so its a meh gripe.You can run over zombie hordes! and then back up to knock down the ones you missed! I must admit its satisfying to swerve to just miss a power pole, to dislodge that zombie after your brains (before your driver door is ripped off and you ripped from the car)! :DWill return after playing Fallout 4 - waited a LONG time for that one... (pity the sale and FO4 was so close in time... sigh)"
,Recommended,329430,19853046,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Karl,Repetitivo mas é legalzinho
76561198038083201,Recommended,329430,20049582,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,MALince16,"If you are a fan of zombie games, I'd say this is a decent go for the $12 sale price.To be fair right out of the gates, there are a handful of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ things about this game. The graphics definitely won't blow you away and it's not the greatest looking nor the best playing game out there, with numerous bugs and glitches.However. that being said. I put over 100 hours into the original, and even with all it's problems, Year One is still a good buy and decent game if you can look past the rough elements. It has decent base building, combat, and characters, and at the end of the day, you will become moderately invested in your base and the survivors inhabiting it. Overall this is a pretty fun game."
,Recommended,329430,20239259,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,X-23,Very fun and addictive Zombie Survival game!!! Love it 10/10
76561197997877510,Recommended,329430,21806721,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,徵女友-Looking4Girlfriend,"In event of foolhardly, look for the trainer online to for dumb fun, joy and laughter.....Get Som' !!!"
76561198143010198,Recommended,329430,20007765,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Domagoj HM,Nice game
76561198007573420,Recommended,329430,30160603,Posted: 24 February,all,SlightlyVicious,All around probably the most fun open world game I've ever played.  Well balanced and fun.  It's a great way to kill an hour or a whole rainy afternoon.
76561198142452719,Recommended,329430,30133075,Posted: 23 February,all,JX1821,Wow this game is good i have played alot of zombie games like thw forest cod zombs dieing light and my fav 7 days to die i like this game becase it dose something no other zombie game. Dose it make u afraid not like omg here come a zombo lol it more like is my character going to die today lol. I dont have a car to get back home those kind of thing make this game so good get it now lol what are u waiting for buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥lol if this kind of thing is not for u get 7 days to die lol like minecraft but looks nothing like it i give state of decay. 10/10 buy now what are u waiting for
76561197970492370,Recommended,329430,30224019,Posted: 27 February,all,daddyfatsacks,"As a fan of survival/open world games, I'm not sure how this title slipped by me until now (March 2017). Absolutely love the game, and excited for the sequel being released later this year."
,Recommended,329430,30129944,Posted: 23 February,all,Drunder,"Hands down the best Zombie ""simulator"" out there.  It's the closest you can get at this time to emulating a great zombie apocalypse survival game with any kind of significant story.  I named my dog ""Zombie Bait"" mostly due to my love of this game and a few other influences.  This game is my top Zombie pick until the sequel comes out this year!"
76561198077428449,Recommended,329430,30868468,Posted: 31 March,all,DZ,Good zombie SANDBOX game. Some things you have to get used to.
76561198006742158,Recommended,329430,35189110,Posted: 24 September,all,Grant182,"If you like shootin' zombies, get this game!"
76561198106178406,Recommended,329430,32339636,Posted: 11 June,all,Arventis,Great game. Looking forward to SoD2.
76561198072953649,Recommended,329430,28335420,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,amandajayne1122,"Really cool and totally recommended. It is a great zombie survival game, driving around is fun too!"
76561198387463502,Recommended,329430,34012090,Posted: 4 August,all,merc_rampage,lit game
76561198049917488,Recommended,329430,32174946,Posted: 4 June,all,All you need is Q,good gameplay itshould buy it on sale
,Recommended,329430,17707311,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,SithMagician,"A great game, very addictive and the multiple character system allows for a lot of variety. Better than most episodes of The Walking Dead.The only thing is the game breaking lack of realism. I'm not talking about the zombies. I took a homeopathic remedy in the game and it actually worked. That glaring innattention to detail pulled me straight back to reality.I'll believe your blood thirsty walking undead, but don't expect me to buy into watering down medicines so they work better."
,Recommended,329430,15750963,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Aurumlamina,"For all of you looking for a true zombie survival game, you've come to the right place. You're going to spend a ridiculous amount of time having stories to share with your friends unfold before your eyes.The base game has an enjoyable story, though it's the sandboxy feel that goes along with it that makes this game an excellent one. You are continually capable of working toward your next story goal at your own pace, though if you're like me you'll find the majority of the game is spent exploring, collecting supplies, building up your base, dealing with other survivor groups, gaining skills for you survivors, etc. Every character has a unique backstory and there are -a lot- of survivors out there that you might run into and have join you.The base building is simple, yet very enjoyable as well. Depending on what skills your survivors have, different options are available and you have plenty of options available to you. Do you want to be able to support more survivors? Build a bunkhouse and a garden so that they have a comfortable place to sleep and food to eat if your scavenged supplies run low. Looking to cut back on the sneaking around and really take the fight to the zombies? An infirmary will keep your survivors healthy and a munitions shop will keep them well armed. Just remember, even healthy, well armed survivors might run into a challenge when facing off against the 'freaks' or special zombies.The Breakdown DLC removes the deep story aspect of the the vanilla campaign, though it adds a brand new achievement system that unlocks 'hero' survivors that, more often than not, are more capable than your average survivor. This mode also has 'Breakdown Levels', each time you complete one you move on to the next, more challenging phase, with new survivor achievements to unlock.I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys the zombie survival genre. I'd been looking for a game like this for a very long time and was extremely happy when I installed it and truly learned what it was all about. Enjoy and I'd love to hear your stories!"
,Not Recommended,329430,28695592,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Mao,good game but black screens and crashes constantly almost unplayable
,Not Recommended,329430,23451974,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Boomz,The game itself is great. Good fun to play but the resolution is beyond broken. infact you best hope you dont have any special kind of gaming monitor because otherwise you wont even be able to change the games window size. my monitor is 1920 x 1280 and i could not even see any of the text because it was all outside the screen and for some reason it thought the text was outside the game window.1/10 fix the resolution you lazy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s
76561198012009062,Recommended,329430,16031072,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,🅱🅴🅰🆁🅳🅾,"Rating 9.5 / 10I'm a big fan of State of Decay, I got it on day one on xbox 360 and probably played around 300h. Got it on the first week for PC and played 134h. Now I just got this version and I'm not disappointed. I just started and I noticed a lot of stuff that I really enjoy. Still got bugs, but oh well.Animation (Walking, attacking,different zombie walk)Mechanic ( changed the kick of unarmed for a grab and stab attack <3 )New cars (new cars and different colors for old cars)New breakdown character ( character from lifeline DLC )New icon for the mapMore zombie on mapNew musicNew HUDI don't know what people expected.. It's the main game just with more stuff, it's not like they were making a new game. It's just a different and better experience."
76561198084424708,Recommended,329430,25770312,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,FenrirWing,Amazing game just saying that
,Recommended,329430,22092717,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Buckethead,"Please do not be turned off by the negative reviews. If you think its a bad game because of them, you need to reconsider. The game is very good in itself, ive played nearly 200 hours of it for the xbox 360. Most of the negative reviews are only from people who are dissapointed that it is not too different from the original. The new version of the game includes new vehicles, survivors, missions, and a pretty nice graphics remake. While this doesnt add up to be TOO much content, its enough to keep the game fresh. Even in its own, the game does not get boring easily. Plus, the fact that it comes with both of the DLC for the game justs the price. Its kind of dissapointing when I see people hating against the game as a whole because the update wasnt that impactful, and they dont even realize that the price comes with the DLC included. If you have never played the game before, and like zombie games, I highly reccomend that you try it out. I got the game for 360, played 200 hours, and decided to buy it again for the PC."
76561198190150409,Not Recommended,329430,23452303,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Dat Boi            osht wadup,"Game wont even start for me. i use windows 10, every time i press the icon to start the game i get a small dead window and it crashes, looked for hours to try and find a fix with no luck, requested a refund, now waiting for my money back. sad dissapointment,♥♥♥♥♥♥isnt even updated to work for windows 10."
76561198066543914,Recommended,329430,16399283,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,riverpillow,i loved it on 360 ..its the same but more polish and for £6.89 on a summer sale you would be crazy not to buy this for a rainy day
76561198197935481,Not Recommended,329430,28745928,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Dan.Of.Dirty,"The camera is too hard for me to understand what is going on, the angle makes it hard to judge depth and I find I always miss my swings and then get grappled. It is also independant, in the way that it does not attack the way that the camera is facing, but it still auto resets which is annoying when your trying to look around. I thought the camera would function differently, or have some settings. Its also set at your characters back straight on, so you can't see over your head or in front of you all that well. Too difficult for me to control."
76561197977806182,Recommended,329430,16406934,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Nampaking,"First time to play this game! I really liked it. I have played many zombie games and this one has a nice mix of build base/ zombie killing/ missions/ looting/ and panic. It is not perfect as i would have liked to see more upgrades to each part of the base and outposts, better control of people in your base whom you are not plays as (send them to scout, loot, attack zombies, snipe zombies in the towers and so on, put in a few bad people/looters/raiders in the game that can shoot at you. Hopefully they will add some of these things someday.In the end. GREAT GAME, worth my money. If you have never played and like zombie games YOU WILL LIKE THIS!! Plus there is NO stupid multi-player which turns into kill everyone on sight BS."
,Not Recommended,329430,29284214,Posted: 15 January,all,Beargo,Not werf $30 if you already played the original.
76561198145056768,Recommended,329430,30211105,Posted: 26 February,all,Falconrainbow,"Definitely one of the more realistic zombie apocalypse games,which is one of the reasons it is great,you die?That character is DEAD,they ain't coming back again"
76561198303766273,Not Recommended,329430,28756959,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,academykiddo,"I would not recommand this game to die hard fans of zombie genre. although the base building feature might sound tempting and it gives you the feeling of walking dead-like community building, it falls short on delivering any of those things. specially the base building feature has such potential. but really falls short on actualizing this brilliant idea.yeah I think this game has so much potential. not worth buying though."
,Recommended,329430,16505181,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Belkin,"Actually really fun, not played any other version of the game so nothing to compare it to. But having a lot of fun with it! Has a fair bit of content too so hope it keeps me going for a while :D"
,Recommended,329430,18221274,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,thylbanus,"This is not a HUGE upgrade from the original, but it is still fun.  I can't really recommend it for anyone who already has State of Decay and I'm sure much of the negativity might be in relation to that.  Since I didn't have the DLCs, this was a value to me, but if you have the two DLCs, you will want to avoid this as it doesn't add a whole lot to the experience.  I rate this as a thumbs up because it's still a good game and should be judged on it's own merits.  This is nothing more than a GOTY for a game that wasn't game of the year."
76561198199664341,Recommended,329430,25192300,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,[SeC8] NoneYadaYada,I just flat out enjoyed playing it. Who doesn't like surviving a zombie apocalypse?
76561198100314845,Recommended,329430,16624469,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Daezern,This game is good but i have trubel whid the controls
,Recommended,329430,24253304,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Fook and Sook,"Perfect game for anyone who loves building a team of kick♥♥♥♥♥zombie survivalists as well as feel immersed within a zombie apocalypse.I was thoroughly impressed with the amount of fixes that were made on this version of the game. I love the additions to the loyal fans and love how modding has progressed within the game.During the campaign, you look at the survival of 3 main characters. Marcus, Ed, and Maya. You find them stranded at the very start of the game. You are invited to join another enclave of survivors who are in the same position. As you progress you are introduced to new characters and the military's involvement within this apocalypse. You are constantly bombarded with quests that will allow you to help your community prosper as well as the characters you favour most but make no mistake the dead are still there.If that was too laid back and easy for you then the first edition of DLC will help you get that difficulty increase you desire. Unlike in the story, during 'Breakdown' you start off as one character with the forever loved radio girl, Lily Ritter. You are tasked with finding an enclave to take shelter in and help them thrive. While you are collecting resources and battling the dead you will be looking for an RV. A large vehicle which you can fit up to 7 survivors on to progress to the next level. As you increase in level, so does the difficulty. Introducing fewer resources for you to take home. More deadly special zombies which will tear your characters up one by one and faster zombies to make sure you are always on your toes.If that's too grindy for you and you'd like to play a story with a bit more then 2nd edition of DLC is perfect for you. Looking at the military's involvement far from the home that you are used to in the Campaign and Breakdown. In this post-apocalyptic city, you will battle your way through hordes of zeds to extract VIP's from the area in all hopes to defeat the virus. You will also be tasked on the side if you wish, to help civilians still trapped within the city before it goes up in flames.I put a lot of hours into the original game during my time on the Xbox 360 and I can happily say that the game runs perfectly on both platforms. I don't think I could find a more perfect game when looking at survival a zombie apocalypse.I recommend highly to anyone looking for a challenging experience into the survival of the undead."
76561198008452457,Recommended,329430,16550857,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,BOXman,its a fun expirens yes its reptive and slow but its difrint every time you try to play the cumpain  suck story is bad but you can jast have fun 8/10 oh and the dlc is like a extnded but still good
,Recommended,329430,23030125,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Eneregor,One of the only zombie games to get it right
76561198132896914,Recommended,329430,30605057,Posted: 18 March,all,Ravelord_Nito`,"This game is amazing, you're always on the lookout trying to stay alive so your favorite character doesn't die. Whether it's bashing zed skulls in or ramming them with a car I give this game a solid 10/10"
,Recommended,329430,20337896,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Mr. Kizer,"My wife loves this game. It keeps her quiet. 11/10Edit: Game no longer keeps her quiet. Now it mostly makes her rage at the TV and shout profanities because of the ""♥♥♥♥ing fast zombie pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;. The neighbors probably think she is really verbally abusive. That has it's benefits, too, as they don't really bother us anymore."
76561198215021300,Recommended,329430,30460202,Posted: 11 March,all,gidioni01,amazing
76561198195831053,Recommended,329430,23513062,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,grj1439,you need dx 11 but it is fun
,Not Recommended,329430,28080330,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,MongooseNX,I found the controls very clunky.  The camera never seemed quite right and the level design left me frustrated.
76561198273493009,Recommended,329430,23660237,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,RoscoeSteele16,"love this game. great playthrough, and worth it."
,Recommended,329430,24931999,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,KamikazeCommie,"Good game. Another open-world zombie survival game, but with interesting sanctuary building mechanics and some RPG elements added in.I tried this game while it was in Early Access (Steam gave me a demo) and I have wanted to buy it since then. I'm glad I didn't, since it seems the developers pulled a fast one on the Early Access testers and didn't give them the new version for free. Well, those testers claim that this is the exact same game and they don't want to buy it again. I assume they still have the 'old' (exact same) version of the game, so they really have nothing to complain about.Don't bother listening to them if you only play games for fun, because this is a fun game. 8.5/10Edit: to the angry people spitefully marking this as 'unhelpful', my 30+ hours of thorough enjoyment playing this game is worth more than your petty, hurt feelings. Get over it and move on with your lives."
76561198172624834,Recommended,329430,19406087,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,BlackLapis,well the game specs say i can run with game with 4 GB of ram but i am unable to. i would only recommend this if you have more than at least 5 Gb of ram other than that the game is great and im off to buy a pc so i can fully enjoy the game.
76561198219118292,Recommended,329430,18454327,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,aecydn,Zombie Survival at its best. Think Grand Theft Auto meets The Walking Dead and Carmageddon. Lifeline DLC is intense and you will die... often. But thats just part of its brilliance. Do yourself a favour and dont read FAQs until you get really stuck because its the exploration and testing new things that makes it so much fun. 91 out of 100.
,Recommended,329430,16773071,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,bukbiragen,"You will play multiple characters, one at a time. Straight up zombie killing fiesta and the occasional missions/side missions to keep the game going for a bit. I truly hate the constantly distressed housemates that you need to help in order to regulate the overall happiness of your base. AIs can't drive so they will walk all the way to the loot locations (guess what happens to and fro?!). There is definitely no break in between tasks for you to discover other things (that don't exist anyway). Other than killing zombies, limited upgrades on your home base and weapons, the game does not go beyond that. If you want a beautiful game and weapon varieties, you should play it!"
76561198047628630,Recommended,329430,21147111,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,XX Berserk  XX,omg the game is based on cryengine 3 ? looks real♥♥♥♥♥♥for it
,Recommended,329430,21115975,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,mcpeen,"I turned this game on, not knowing what to expect other than zombies. I've only been playing for a little while but I'm hooked. This game is what any game based on AMC's The Walking Dead should have been. The price was right and I love me some zombies. I understand there was a version before this one, I didn't play that version.some good stuff+great mechanics for food, ammo, and medicine caches+satisfying to knee zombies in the head or finish them on the ground+immersive world that changes even when you turn the game off+short, tense dialog, which fits the setting,+cheeseball humor is appropriately few and far between+cars handle differently and driving & mobile combat is funobviously the game is not without complications-engine endures frequent fps drops-missions can get repetitive-slightly steep learning curve (early on I lost a few characters I liked due to ignorance)-lots of notifications in the journal which feel overwhelmingworth my money."
76561197996384693,Recommended,329430,21445309,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,1st_Warlord,"Do not understand how this review got marked a few times for not being helpful? Oh well..State of Decay: YOSE Day One Edition despite the negativity for this game due to previous owners concerns, it is a great game to play. Purchased the game while on sale and was not disappointed at all with the overall gameplay. While playing the run-through of State of Decay Year-One, it was rather challenging but yet balanced to keep up the stamina of the characters.  The Breakdown edition is very balanced as you get to higher levels. The Lifeline edition is a great story line to follow to the end twice since you need to in order to get both achievements.With the Breakdown and Lifeline DLC with State of Decay Year-One edition is great package.My personal complaints are:Lily broadcasts seems to pester a little too much at times about other tasks when you wish to secure your home site stockpiles. The way I managed to search all the buildings and it helped to level up the characters Maya and Marcus with less difficulties, is to perform those searches before entering the church at the start. After sufficiently searched and found the needed stocks, only then enter the church to continue on with the storyline.The characters and zombies can walk on water and do not swim.My personal suggestions are:The pick-up trucks and SUVs should have more available room then 6 slots since they do have more space in reality to toss the duffle bags inside. Something like 10 would be reasonable.It would have been awesome to have multiplayer sessions of the game. To have a real community together to secure resources and defenses for the home site.Would like to have seen a home site big enough to implement all the facilities that you can add for the site. It could have had a home site requirement of 20 survivors needed and 75 building materials.Having 8 outposts is sufficient but it would have been even better if they were setup as mini-sites that you could lock in survivors into position on the roof to snipe oncoming zombies and you must maintain their stock levels in order to keep up the defenses and not just placing the standard mines for the surrounding area.Even though the game map is big; it just still seems rather small after playing for a while. Having a bigger map area would have been awesome.As mentioned in complaints above but now noted as a suggestion here, the swimming ability. If you were to swim in the polluted waters (filled with dead zombies) you could get sick compared to swimming in clear waters.I could continue to add to the list but it is still a great game to play. I do hope that the developers “Undead Labs” will continue with this game and create a great series/add-ons with it with all the suggestions made from so many players listed here and their forums.Also, thank you to so many players on Steam that created great guides to obtain the achievements, it helped a whole lot."
76561198004465736,Recommended,329430,16726003,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Belchdragon,"I slagged this game off before, but I keep coming back to play it. Must be good then..."
76561198063391701,Recommended,329430,22027864,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,asnowman,"Great game, highly recommend playing if you like a little more than just single person survival. They did a great job of making it a comminuty management game as well. Watch your back for zombies at all times"
76561198060229669,Recommended,329430,32743619,Posted: 24 June,all,Fugazi Nword From Benghazi,made me hard but lost the boner in 25 seconds
,Recommended,329430,30172500,Posted: 25 February,all,Logocide,A sequel is being released in 2017.
,Recommended,329430,32696550,Posted: 23 June,all,ShrimpoKnight 🖖 🤔,Love.
,Recommended,329430,22284926,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Onde mande,"Combat is kinda awkward, and can get really grindy from time to time. But overall is a fun zombie game."
,Recommended,329430,23852052,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,theoneeyedking,"GTA + zombie-world survival.It is very different from other games in the survival genre in that it is more a community-survival rather than individual-survival.You dont worry about your personal hunger, thirst, or any of those. You worry more about your group's survival; looking for resources like food, ammo, building materials, etc, that your community can use to fortify your base."
76561198054602599,Recommended,329430,24686039,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,fisher8257,Games the best zombie-survival I've ever played
76561198045593640,Not Recommended,329430,33215968,Posted: 3 July,all,SHHtoner,"so this was a review of the game but ive decided to make it about the fan's. 2/9000 avoid at all cost. one in particular ""the migga"". it seems they patrol the reviews looking for a negative one to pounce on and screech at until it turns into, ""are you 12? do you have a disability?"" due to the fact that they dwell within their parents basements they have all day to rant at your difference of opinion. because as i woke te next day the very same butthurt fan was still screeching and demanding it was me and my review was stupid. its truly pathetic that this is what people have chosen to do with their time rather then go play the silly games they seem to treasure so much. this game still sucks i wont be changed from that opinion and after the arguement over my opinion based on my own gameplayi will be avoiding fans of this game to (sorry to the sane ones :( )"
76561198148457783,Recommended,329430,25331725,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,stargazer9986,"State of Decay Year one does not run as smoothly as (State of Decay) did! I can not get it to format well to my computer screen, and the curser doesn't line up with the options to chose from."
76561198133961210,Recommended,329430,18644471,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Rediniowa5,"Games is fun when working although there are some things that could be better, will add more when my computer is upgraded.."
,Recommended,329430,33611132,Posted: 17 July,all,Teewattkaar,best game 10/10
76561198203748600,Recommended,329430,28469593,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,pheinicke,Good Game
76561198044986937,Recommended,329430,24126692,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,BaldurBrackus,"GREAT GAME, LUV RUNNING THE ZOMBY HOARDS OVER WITH AUTO'S.  WISH THE MAP AREA WAS A BIT LARGER AND MORE TOWNS AND WEAPONS."
,Recommended,329430,32246765,Posted: 7 June,all,baracuda csgo-dope.com,"After Dead Island Riptide and Dying Light, this is just a child game. It is like watching a TSL match after watching an EPL match. However, it is not bad."
76561198328330664,Recommended,329430,30058464,Posted: 20 February,all,missfaithfull,Very nice game. Cant wait till part 2
76561198259781307,Recommended,329430,30089276,Posted: 21 February,all,utsnowboarder,"Love this game.  Storyline is tight, action is neverending a graphics are decent.  One of my favorite games of all time."
,Recommended,329430,17116804,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Vikingsambow,10/10 would see Jacob Ritter get ripped in half by zombies again
76561198135821765,Recommended,329430,17953032,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Fun,This game is Super fun and has alot of open ended gameplay!I dont understand why i know no one who owns this game because its a must own and with 3 game modes all endless possibilities why dont u have this? seriously? even if the map itself was a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥play this game idiots!@
76561198203722675,Recommended,329430,21363133,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,JasonTheGreek,"ILove this game, yes it has some bugs, but still a great game"
76561197977260303,Recommended,329430,24510331,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Qusia,"Wow, what an amazing game. Sucks for the people who had the game originally I suppose, but I this was my first experience with State of Decay. This is a beautiful game, well worth the very reasonable price tag of $30, this game is easily worth $50. I like the permadeath of characters and how there are different variations of zombies as the game progresses. Really enjoying this game so far."
,Recommended,329430,19924417,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,sawdawg,"this game is great, it's not forgiving though but it is great. It's kinda buggy though and expect framedrops sometimes (3-5 frames nothing to crazy) trust me it is worth the buy"
76561198282778813,Recommended,329430,21379627,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,aw hell naw,"When a survivor is bitten: "" stay away!! im infected ! i will turnWhen your character is bitten: ""oh let me heal"" -5 health"
,Recommended,329430,16931585,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,scott_hunts,"This is basically an update.   Unarmed combat for example is updated and improved.  Yet there are some exclusive things.  I reccomend this game.  And I cannot wait for multiplayer, as this would easily make the game a 9.8/10.  I currently rate this game at a 9.2/10.  Breakdown ia an 8.5/10.  Lifeline is a 9.4/10.  Reasoning for loss of points being occasional glitches."
76561198132094715,Recommended,329430,17468335,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Employee No. 427,one of the best zomvie survival games i have ever played10/10
76561198008225825,Recommended,329430,19917997,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Daxius,"it could use some more tweeks, like zombie replacement shouldn't  be so fast. it's like  zombunnies gone wild. in fact, i think there should have been a finite amount of zombies, and a possible way to win the game through attrition.the day system should be longer, and people shouldn't change attitude so fast, though i guess if it were a real case scenario, i imagine most peoples feelings would be fluctuating a lotother than these few  things it is a pretty good game. it has a good story. definitely reminds me of The Walking Dead series."
,Recommended,329430,21472065,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Furry Fricker In Denial,"If you have never owned State of Decay (the original) then yes buy this game. It is worth the money and time for first time players. If you own the original and this, it is pretty much the same thing with a slightly better graphics, animation, new charaters, and vehicle skins.New to the game? Don't let the negative reviews fool you. It is a great game and fun.Have the original? Don't REALLY need this but if it is on sale, why not grab it for the slightly better graphcs and slightly smoother gameplay."
,Recommended,329430,24616116,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,ElevatedThought86,"Best Zombie game out there. The only one I always come back too and end up playing for hours on end. Like killing zeds, this is your game. Like managing and building communities, this is your game. Like looting and exploring, this is your game. Like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ your pants running from 20 flesh eating suckers, this is your game."
76561198100166911,Recommended,329430,19097721,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Ladder-Duck,Really fun zombie game and it gets very intense at times. I also didn't experience many bugs. 8/10.
,Recommended,329430,18867166,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,The Highwayman,"Best Zombie Game Ever!definately a good game, if you want to feel the real horrors of loosing someone in your group of survivours, play this game"
76561198069103477,Recommended,329430,18858770,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Staff Sgt. Chris,I love open world survival games like this
,Recommended,329430,19087017,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Kyle_Lucian,"This is by far one of the best zombie games on the market. I am really looking forward to a new release of this style of game. Possibly a larger world with more one on one interaction between survivors. Make coversations a larger part of the game. also allow for larger communities, maybe a little customization in designs for home base. It would be really cool to pick a place and try to make a base from raw resources (time being key) where you have to defend it as you setup walls, then hope your base is strong enough to defend against what comes at it. Zombie hoards and other survivors attacking it would be interesting. giving the AI more skill in self defense and attack as well as having other survivors attack your base you could be out rolling around doing missions that are so far out it takes days to get back only to come back to everyone being dead. Also allow camps to be setup for long missions that take days your buddies that are with you could stay up in shifts... maybe some of them fall asleep and you wake up to zombies eating them... some cool features this style of game has huge potential I hope to see that capitalized on."
,Recommended,329430,16883922,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Myk31_M,"State of Decay: YOSE Day One EditionA better than average third person zombie hack and slash. Decent sized map, but can run out of things to do if you binge play. The two DLCs are great. One feels like an arcade with no real story just mindless fun. Lifeline is a cool military take on the game. Highly recommend you take time to read your journal. You can not do it all, but that is way you never run out of things to do.-Mietlinski"
76561198004315741,Recommended,329430,18855894,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,articlefriendly,"There has been some controvery about this updated version of the original State of Decay, but it's still my favorite Zombie shooter and survival sim.  The game has been improved with more stuff and characters, ullaunch error is gone (at least for me), and you can get lost in it for hours and hours.  Highly recommended for any Zombie Apocolypse fans."
,Recommended,329430,16907213,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Alex,One of the best survival zombie games I've played.Shame there is no multiplayer.
,Recommended,329430,19285796,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Am I booty?@!,you should buy it if you want to feel at zombie apoclypenice and epic and awosome and amazing and waht ever you wantto sum up this game is your own dream and only in this game you feel like a survivar
,Recommended,329430,23084428,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Phil Arrow,great game hours of fun to be had.
,Recommended,329430,18882542,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,disbkoolin,fun game and its exactly like the original state of decay but brighter and better graphic. new additional quest and some new weapons. too many bugs though. zombies walk through door more often than the original state of decay.  definitely don't buy this game for original price anything lower than $10 bucks you should get it.
76561198161048638,Recommended,329430,20025449,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,WOMBLE POMBLE,I like it since im new to it and i would recomend anyone new to zombie games to play this.
76561198171467601,Recommended,329430,26059317,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,xiavin2,"This is by far, the best zombie game out there! the only reason why i cannot give this game a 10/10 is because the lack of multiplayer, so 9/10 it gets.  Great game and training sim for when the zombie apoc does happen i'll know what to do!"
76561198179138997,Recommended,329430,17473475,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Antisect275,"I guess you could call me one of the 'lucky ones' as I bought the game after Undead Labs decided to rework it all and charge the people who had already bought the game once more, to be able to play the then 'new' update.The game itself is amazingly set, it suits the whole apocalypse look throughout the game very well, and It's a joy to just look at, even though the game now is somewhat 'old'. I've always wanted a zombie survival singleplayer game set just like State of Decay is, and it has everything you could possibly want.It's a game you could easily sit and play for hours on end, it's somewhat addicting and it always has things such as side missions that wants you to not stop playing.I'd say it's a 'slow pace' survival game, you chose your own path to some extent, a large extent that is, which I think is a very important plus. Overall great game, great looking game."
,Recommended,329430,21555777,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Triple E,I love playing this game! It's a lot of fun! There is small bugs here and there that I've experienced but nothing major. I absolutely would recommend this game!! I certainly wasn't disappointed :)
,Recommended,329430,18843481,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,MTTY34,Only got mixed review as its people who brought the original. Awesome Game.
,Recommended,329430,19326157,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,pileofcrap,I have several I want to play and will be adding them to my wishlist soon as a reminder but this is by far the best survival game I've played (yet) and maybe one of THE best games I've ever played. Good story line and lots to do... never a dull moment. I love the open-world and the fact that the zombies are not so easily beaten especially when they're in a group... you can easily kill whatever PC you're using at the time.
76561197970804049,Recommended,329430,20738294,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,ChronicKillR,"I never played the original, I got year one a while ago, and I think that the game offers a great post-apocolyptic zombie survival world and could be great, but the 3rd person camera control just makes it nauseating and and makes melee combat far more difficult than it should be.  I feel like I'm drunkenly flailing at everything, exhausting the character and taking unecessary damage.  If it weren't for the camera issues I'd play this game a lot.  This is so close to being a Left 4 Dead meets GTA,  ""The Walking Dead"" experience if you will, just needed a better targeting system or a FallOut quality camera/view adjust."
76561198162908669,Recommended,329430,30208038,Posted: 26 February,all,TheCrimsonBear,awsome game to kill some time and have abit of fun while doing it
,Not Recommended,329430,31240551,Posted: 19 April,all,[FNG] Deadspace22769,This game needs a lot of attention before I would recommend anyone buying it. The updates keep making the game run slower and the developers are not giving enough attention to what actually needs fixing.
,Recommended,329430,24220496,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Mr Saxon,Over all just a great game.
,Recommended,329430,24221168,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,MasonCatalone,I've noticed a great amount of detail over the standard game.  Definitely a great upgrade!
76561198361486862,Recommended,329430,34161322,Posted: 10 August,all,RottenFlesh,GOOD!
,Recommended,329430,34698927,Posted: 2 September,all,j0ny_brav0,Good Game!
,Not Recommended,329430,32329352,Posted: 10 June,all,Boneless Pizza,The walking mechanics are atrociouswould def moonwalk to a different game 11/10
,Recommended,329430,15603926,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Mass Defect,"As a returning player of State of Decay with over 300 hours into the original, I felt I should share my feelings about Year One Survival Edition.  For the people who have played the original and want to know what was polished in this edition, here are the definitive improvements I have noticed so far (in addition to the more obvious changes that were made):-  Ferals are nearly impossible to hit with a car.  They have some very responsive reflexes, leaping multiple times to dodge a moving vehicle and they will jump over your car if you kick it into reverse (so no cheesy brake kills in YOSE).- Characters you've spent Influence on so they will tag along no longer run back to base when they get tired or injured, and they will continue to help out even if you take on a mission while out.  Previously, a lot of missions immediately forced them to run back to base.  I have run several missions and wiped out half a dozen infestations without my companion heading home.Edit:  A friend of mine says his follower just ran off after accepting a Scavenger mission, so there may still be some missions that auto-kick the companion.  So sad.  Did some testing of my own and found that companions tend to leave when doing missions for survivor enclaves (scavenge, beseiged, etc.) but stick around during missions for your own community.  I have run several Ally in Trouble, Missing Survivor, Zed Hunt and 'needs a talking to' missions without my companion bailing.  Hope this elaboration helps.- Juggernauts seem to have less health than before.  I continued my game on BD11 and managed to take one out with less than a clip of .22 bullets to the cranium.  To counter that however, there seem to be more of them out there (at least on higher BD levels) and I had to take out 3 of them on my first Ally in Trouble mission.- Less Bloaters.  They were everywhere in the original on higher BD levels and they seem to have had a significant population reduction.  The number of Ferals and Jugs though seem to be higher than before.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------And for some of the annoyances that still exist:- Zombies still clipping through walls.  I can see their heads but I just wasted a couple shots trying to hit them even though they are on my side of the fence.- Still getting stuck on sidewalks.- Fighting on hills can still be hazardous to your health.- Still having some trouble getting companions to get in the damn car.  Just have to drive back and forth here and there.  There does seem to be a semi-fix added to YOSE where a companion who is running in place due to bad pathing will try an alternate route after a handful of seconds and get in the car.  This is only if they are already in motion (doing the running man on the corner of the car).  A companion who is standing still will continue to do so until you can trigger a new response by moving the car a bit.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------All in all.  I still enjoy this game a lot and I hope they address some of the bugs that have existed from SOD's inception.  But for what it is, I still gave a thumbs up because those glitches were annoying, but not nearly as bad as the completely broken companion AI.  If you were a fan of the game and can look past those glitches, YOSE is still a lot of fun to play.I did have some issues with framerate, but I modified my settings to Maximum Graphics @ 1280x720 and it has become a hell of a lot smoother.  The draw distance isn't the best, but it's still a lot better than the original and the combat is much more fluid, the combat animations look much better and I love the improved variety of vehicles.Note:  I am set up in the Fairgrounds on my BD11 group so I have not experienced the returning Snyder's Trucking Watchtower problem yet, but from what I have read, it still continues to plague that home site.Edit:  I have decided to start over from BD1 on a new profile and will update this review as I progress through the breakdown levels again."
,Not Recommended,329430,25580239,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Captain Sally,"""Delivered in beautifully remastered 1080p, along with improved lighting, textures, animations, and combat mechanics..""Nice lies, I almost thought this was a well-polished game until I couldn't play it because it's terrible."
,Not Recommended,329430,30093123,Posted: 21 February,all,Homuya [GER],"Oh my ♥♥♥♥ing god, they demand 28€ for this?! Im surprised cause I tried it on my dad because it looked promising but..this..its just a mess, AVOIDI played 20min and saw so many bugs and then had a gamebreaking bug by the end. Before I could even play I had another bug! BLACKSCREEN while the game ran. What a good ♥♥♥♥ing game.Seriously, this game is literally in alpha. I dont get how anyone sane can play this.The whole game feels rather clunky, especially the meele combat. Only the shooting felt nice.However, you'll notice so often zombies being stuck or spawned into an object somewhere, animations that get stuck or have someother kind of bug..if you can even play the game and wont be stuck in blackscreen and change your resolution till it works and then back. Wow. ONLY TO THEN HAVE A GAME BREAKING BUG BY THE END..How my 20 min went:Started the game1.*Appreciated the main menu/background*2.Could not do graphic options apart from low to high, im not a console peasent..graphic options not avaible and the menu seems rather bad  with sliders.3.New Game4.Black Screen...3.4.Black screen..Changing graphics solution, Vsycn and such till it worked..changed it back then5. Playing the game, having a clunky meele combat with another guy6. Going into a house while having bad textures all over the place..1080 remasted version totally7. Looking arround, having everything already pointed out for me where to look for..8. Going there then scavaging one item/place literally and then following the quest to free a woman..8.1 -> During all that I killed zombies, had bad textures..when i was at the woman it went so bad, zombies got stuck in objects, could not go over simple objects and I had to squeeze myself into there too to somehow get the zombies..9. Changed to play as the woman then, gunplay felt nice10. Was at public toilets to flush down this bad game but sadly my character got stuck in the exhaust animation and then the game crashed...So hard I had to restart my PC cause altf4 or whatever did not worked anymore28€ right there, quality 100% REMASTERED...The original game must be pre-alpha then.Edit 1 / 24.2.2017So..after I was really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I tried it some more. I was actually able to play for a hour or two *yay* and my session did not got interrupted by a crash. I was able to play now till the first real village with the church and it looks like the game behaves alot better on the open world than on the scripted missions. At least I haven't seen the game placing zombies that bad again.So far it feels a little average overall, you got your ""base"" with different characters..do quests and collect supplies. The quest scripts are cool for making me teleport out of my vehicle *cough*I so far really have another big problem, or rather, its more of a game design thing. If I do have multiple characters, how is it that only I can collect stuff if I go out with someone else? At least in the scripted quest they did something as well (but actually brought nothing back that got added to the supplies from what I saw) I will check more into that again soon. Apart from that it was average, had meele combat with zombies the majority of time and I realized that some guns feel a little weak but that is at least smooth, the gore is also acceptable. Stealth seem to work as well, though better change controls for the silent kill then."
,Not Recommended,329430,30641899,Posted: 20 March,all,Rouga @ collecting game time,"This game is filled with interesting ideas, the so called ""important questions"" of the zombie apocalypse. Sadly the execution is done very poorly. It's hard to immerse yourself with the bad graphics, the clunky controls and all the glitches. But reading both interviews with the developers and news about the game, i'm confident, that they will do WAY better with State of Decay 2."
76561198032915154,Recommended,329430,25596760,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,aaron7284,"great game, could have been longer though."
76561198316377892,Recommended,329430,31701934,Posted: 12 May,all,falserebel,"Gather Weapons,Foods,Meds and SurvivorsDefend your Home/Base against hordes of zombies"
76561198116384875,Not Recommended,329430,24822514,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Deadwaste,"You might enjoy this game, but for my system it ran like crap. I was able to only play it for not even 10 minutes before I decided I couldn't play the game anymore. The game ran so slow I was debating on if I was playing a really laggy game or having a three way orgy with a lonesome tortoise in the Galapagos islands. If your system can handle this game, then go for it, but if your computer still supports windows 7 then better cash out about $250 on a new laptop to play this game because just upgrading to Windows 10 won't do anything better. Instead don't waste time on that and download origin and play all 3 dragon age games while eating sugar babies because you'll get a better experience doing that than playing this garbage."
76561198006675058,Recommended,329430,31971581,Posted: 26 May,all,Bad-Aim,"Controlls are awfull, AI stupid, and things get repetative.But I keep coming back for more and will get the sequel."
,Recommended,329430,16508774,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Hadley,"After getting a good few hours into this game I can say i think it is quite simply amazing despite all the reviews i read on here before i bought it.I am a first time player to this game (I never even knew it existed)I think all of the poor reviews come from the fact it was a very poorly improved version of the original ?Good Points-Very fun and time consuming running around looting houses, Warehouses shops etc all while evading hordes of zombies-Good story-If you die, You actually dieBad points-Terribly optimized engine-Iffy graphics-Low Fps (core i7, HD7970, 8gb)What id say to this game is if your a first time player, Buy without hesitation but if you are a previous player of the original i doubt it would be worth it as i heard they didnt actualy improve much ?"
,Recommended,329430,28675147,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Greg Harpur,yee
76561198094390171,Not Recommended,329430,20420462,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,GF141,did not work
,Recommended,329430,25353930,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,- Jazz Cat -,"Great fun game, The progressing game play whether a character dies or not really gives you a sense of survival. DLC is great fun"
76561198057513681,Not Recommended,329430,33211133,Posted: 3 July,all,OP5nake,succs niggie
76561198135964361,Not Recommended,329430,32740296,Posted: 24 June,all,FaZe Forest,it does not work for me it does not even load up
,Recommended,329430,16557288,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Fa11ou7,"I'll start off by saying that I got the YOSE edition during the steam summer sale and it was worth every ~$8 that I spent on it. At this point I have 38 hours into it after beating the storyline, I haven't even touched the DLC yet. The best thing about this game is the gameplay, I would compare it to Left for dead with a little bit of GTA mixed in. I'll make list of my pros and cons so you don't have to read a wall of text.Pros;Very enjoyable combatBASE BUILDING with some tower defense mixed inDecent ammount of weaponsspecial combat/finishing moves that are learned over timehandful of drivable vehiclesvaried missionslarge selection of playable charactersvaried and unique attributes and quirks for the charactersa few unique zombie typesCons;I'll write a bit more on the cons afterported from console camethe game engine does not scale wellquirkly environmentstupid AIactually looks a lot like L4D2 (could be a pro or con)a few bugsno minimap interactiondraw distance waaaaay to shorttraveling becomes a bit of a chore, a fast travel system of some sort would have been niceinventory management is also a painvehicles don't feel quite rightmenus and team/base interaction is badzero character management if your not playing themI think a lot of the cons boil down to the fact that the game is a console port. I have a beefy gaming PC with a brand new Nvidia 970, 8Gb of ram, and an i5 @3.2 which can run most games at 60fps on the highest settings. That said I had a lot of issues of texture and environment pop in, really poor draw distance, and just overall very poorly optimized for PC. In fact I turned on Fraps to check my frames per second to find out that if Vsync is enabled it locks the fps at 30. The biggest problem that I had was when driving, when moving at a higher speed the draw distance issue was really obvious and the game itself would lag witch made it even harder to drive giving the amount of invulnerable objects that there are to dodge.The other big issue that I started to notice after playing for a few dozen hours was how bad the menu and management system is. There is absolutely zero character management if you are not playing a given character. In a game about survival and asset management that seems like a big oversight and missed opportunity. I imagine it was partially planned that way since many of the missions revolve around helping out or rescuing the other survivors that have left the base but it would have been was more fun to designate certain characters for scavageing roles or to be able to lock more important characters to the base. Special characters actually fill roles in the base and give your base bonuses if they are manageing the kitchen, farm, etc so it sucks to have them go out. I think I logged in one day to find all my neighboring survivors had died while I was out which kind of sucked. But realisticly in my playthrough I think I only noticed one of my survivors dieing and that was because we were on a mission together and he was torn in half by a tank mob.The last think I would mention is that there really isn't a lot of explination for the dynamics of the game. There are a lot of things happening on the map at a given time and the dispatch character will constantly be reminding you that your running out of time to take care of certain things but for the life of me I couldn't tell what the consequences of my action or inaction were.Anyway, the cons seem big but the gameplay is fun enough that you should be able to make it through the campaign without too much work. Also there are some fixes out there for for some of the problems that I pointed out, if you tweak any of your PC games then you should be able to find them. I would highly recommend picking this game up if its on sale and it is probably still worth it at full price. It certanly scratched that Left for Dead itch that I didn't know that I had.p.s. - If they skinned this game with The Walking Dead and fixed some of my cons it would be the ultimate zombie game."
,Not Recommended,329430,19410197,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,BearSlayer,Runs like crap
76561198012006285,Recommended,329430,16819628,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Goliath,If you don't have the original game buy this its worth it you may not think so but its awesome.
,Recommended,329430,16830981,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,ForgeDrake,"As a big lover of the orginal I purchased this ""updated"" version - now if your a new player looking at this game for first time and are worried about the mixed rateing - ignore it - its mostly people made that the year one edition wasn't a bigger upgrade to the orginal then anything about the actual gamefirst I want to say - this is more a good deal for new players then a upgrade for current owners as its really the same in a new box - for new people you won't care as your getting the stuff we payed full price for a while ago for a discounted price with better graphicsif you own all the dlc - don't buy this its basically same game - and to be honest they did not advertise it as a new 2.0 version they just upgraded the graphics polished it a bit and made it a better deal for new players - I own both and after playing it I'd probably have prefered this released as a dlc to the orginal but lots of devolpers do things like this and I don't regret buying it.its a fun game with beginer levels of base management - premade areas you can mildly customize by adding or removing buildings - its a fun game the stories good and large range of characters to play with - all and all a game worth the price"
,Recommended,329430,20943859,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,VidaarX,State of Decay & YOSE are a great Single player game enriched in story and survival Worth getting for the survival and building up your compound.
76561198040164772,Recommended,329430,31816692,Posted: 17 May,all,Nickanj,"Without a soubt, the best Zombie game in the past 5 years. Cannot wait for the sequel!"
76561197975310237,Recommended,329430,24531830,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Terror,"The Good:- Endless hours of fun.- Incredibly terrifying moments when you truly believe that all is lost and there's no point in going on. (Which leads to one of the best achievements involving 1 grenade and many zombies *no spoilers*).- This is a fantastic game for virtual hoarders. (I've spent more time in cars than on foot, hooning around the map picking up rucksacks just to keep my influence in check *Influence is actually a currency in the game which you will need to build or use just about anything*).- A huge modding community which enables you to change the game to suit your own personal play style. (This is a must for any good apocolyptic sandbox).- Awesone game play.- Decent sound effects and music throughout.The Bad:- Yes, the graphics are outdated, even with the YOSE version (Year-One Survival Edition).- Lilly: Your Personal Assistant to ""The End Of The World"". She's an annoying woman. Does this sound familiar to all you SOD Veterans? ""Sounds like they're in a bad spot, maybe you should lend them a hand"". Yes, the character audio gets old VERY quickly. But thankfully to the Modding Community, you can shut her up.. PERMANENTLY.- Soul crushingly repetitive quests. Go here, fetch this, kill that and save this person from themself. Again, gets very old.. very quickly.- There are many elements to this game which fell short upon release, but again.. thanks the modding community, a lot of this game has been improved. More inventory slots in vehicles and the ability to slow down (control) behaviour of the zombies is a nice touch.The Horrible:- Lilly. You all know what I'm talking about. She sure as hell doesn't have to keep reminding me that time is short on EVERY single BLOODY mission. I'll get to it ALRIGHT?! It definitely makes freedom hard to bare when you're being constantly verbally carpet bombed by an incredibly up beat woman, who realistically does SFA towards helping humanity during the apocolypse.State Of Decay 2 has been confirmed:Is there anything they should incorporate to improve on the original game? Yes. Many things. Here are some of the main things that need to be improved:- Graphics, obviously.- Sound (character or otherwise). This includes and is not limited to character dialogue.- Music.- More quests. (And a lot more variety).- More vehicles. (Modding them would be great. Let us go all ""Dawn Of The Dead"" on the apocolypse, heavy plated shuttle busses for everyone!). Oh, and for the record.. there's a big difference between putting 6 rucksacks and 6 stacks of cofee in the back of a vehicle. I'd change the storage slots to a ""Weight Limit"". It makes more sense.- A lot more base customisation. There's no need to go Fallout 4 on the game, but at least give us some nice choices.- Weapon customisation. (And more melee weapons. Firearms too if they can.)- A larger playable area. The original mad from SOD is incredibly small compared to other modern sandboxes. Think: Day Z, on a much grander scale. Show us what Trumbull Valley really looks like.- A wider variety of buildings.- Possibly destructible environments as well.- And if the developers see fit to release a similar DLC like BD, go a bit harder on the density of zombies. I loved games like Dyling Light that made you really work to get where you needed to get to early on in the game. This made for an excellent challenge and a superb gaming experience all round.And most importantly.. Co-Operative play. MUST HAVE!Yes, I have much love for the Zombie Apocolypse. Many say it's being done to death. The truth is.. you can never have TOO MANY zombies. Bring on the end of the world.I'm really looking forward to SOD 2, and I'm hoping that Undead Labs knock one out of the ball park with it. Come on guys, don't dissapoint us! (No pressure)..Final thought: Would I recommend this game to anyone? You bet I would. 8/10 for State Of Decay - YOSE."
76561198030820124,Recommended,329430,24720504,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Brian,Best game I've played in years
,Recommended,329430,25425982,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Phucked,"I loved the original i played it for countless hours, this little revamp was brilliant. Id really like to see more titles of this style, but there are few that do it this well."
,Recommended,329430,15781418,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Jaro,"With all the negative reviews, I feel I have to do this release some justice.I have spent 110 hours on the original and 35 hours on this remastered version already.For newcomers, State of Decay is an innovative zombie survival with an open-world ""GTA""-esque vibe to it.There is no other game on the market that fills the gap like this and considering the huge modding community for State of Decay, I strongly believe that this is a ""love it or hate it"" game. I cannot stop playing Breakdown.The definitive version looks stunning remastered in 1080p with new objectives and game mechanics. You can also import your original save files.As for bugs, there are a few minor which are common to the open-world genre, but there has not been one instance where my gameplay or immersion have been interrupted and there are certainly no new bugs with this release.Having said all that, for those who did not enjoy the original State of Decay, this release will not change your mind.I advise prospective buyers to read up on the new features and watch some gameplay before deciding whether to purchase.Do not be too easily put off by the negative reviewers who were disappointed after asking Santa Claus for too many presents.Sincerely, Aslan"
,Recommended,329430,29102803,Posted: 7 January,all,Big Pep,gg
,Recommended,329430,16481415,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,PhoenixFlare,"With 50 odd hours on the original game, i can highly recommend this upgraded edition IF you do not have the orignal. Whilst i do not regret the purchase as Undead Labs created a great game here, the average consumer may not be too happy with the lack of updated content.On its own 9/10For an upgrade 5/10"
,Recommended,329430,16657806,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,avalonenigma,"What can I say about this that has not already been said? Probably nothing, but as this was one of the games that got me back into gaming after a long hiatus I have to say something.In a gaming market saturated with zombie survival games what interested me about State of Decay was the clear George A. Romero inspiration.The zombies are classic Romero, a slow ponderous mass of dead flesh that are all kinds of messed up, and as such they often lull the player into a false sense of security with their weak, slow movements. This is their weakness but collectively this is also their strength.It is easy to forget than more than a handful of these creatures are much than a match for the average player and often while allowing yourself to get carried away it is easy to overstep and find yourself face to face with a zombie horde. The results of this are obvious and as you struggle fruitlessly for what seems like hours the end is inevitable.And it is an end.Once a character dies they are gone for good and if you have not succeeded in bringing in new survivors the longevity of your community is in real question. This fact, coupled with the need to find recourses and protect your borders, can easily overwhelm even a well organised player; leading to ultimate destruction.There’s a lot good about this game, but I am sad to say it also has a few negatives that grate on the player the longer they play.Characters are almost non existent, use of dialogue is simplistic and does not allow for much variety and the result of this is that missions can become formulaic and lack interest. This is not as bad as it seems, as the open world provides a great deal of interest in itself; but greater character development would have improved my personal enjoyment a vast amount.The worst thing about this game must be the pure stupidity of many of the character, partly this is due to the afore mentioned lack of variety but its also because the random nature of the story means that often characters take up residence in the most foolish of places.This means that the player is sometimes frustrated by the need to protect characters who are simply too dumb to care about. On occasion prompting this particular player to wish I could put them out of their misery (or at least mine).All this having been said, I enjoyed this game a great deal; in spite of some poor storytelling the game mechanics worked well to instil alternating moments of the habitually mundane and the fight-for-your-life terror that makes the game rather unusual. As in the Romero movies that I feel inspired the game, State of Decay is less about the living dead and more about how we react to them, the terror is not about death but about how we live.I, for one, am hoping that the poor storytelling and awful characterisations will either be fixed at some point with future updates or will disappear in a continuation of the game franchise."
,Recommended,329430,16573771,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,reimorster,Zombies and... Open World. Very interesting game with some good inovations like possibility to evolve your base and earn respect from other survivors.
76561198047867466,Recommended,329430,16609076,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Nevada,not optimized but good
76561198007397467,Recommended,329430,16661668,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Thegreatseeker,"This game rules. I can understand the negative reviews if you owned the first one. As they say they have the same thing, but for people like myself who never tried it till now, this game is great, runing over zombies and bodies and blood everywhere as bodies fling 50 feet in the air. Can be challenging at times but still fun.....watched a few of my people get ripped in 1/2 with the spinal cord showing, I was like AHHHHHHH!!!!!.....just to get another one of my characters(some lazy person that is eating my food) to watch him get riped in 1/2. Great game lots of hrs of fun."
,Recommended,329430,20796087,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,❂SunChip❂,"well it didn't work for me on my computer but I have played it on xbox and I LOVE the game... really fun, good story, lots of exploration, im sure there's a couple secret areas... I do recommend it's a fun game!"
76561198172269829,Recommended,329430,16627983,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,raymondj73,Too many Juggers just too many
,Recommended,329430,16670250,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,electricwomb,Updated graphics...all the DLC.  It's nice.Zombie action survival.  I love this genre so this was a sure win for me.  Best with a controller.
,Recommended,329430,17445575,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Lostsaint6689,"The story is a little under developed. You're pretty often running alone in sandbox or otherwise which is just unrealistic.The map is really bare and pretty small. It gets repetitive quickly.Game looks fine and plays well. I really enjoyed most of the mechanics. Character progression could be a more in depth.There is an influence systems which determines whether or not you can do anything outside of looting and killing zombies. This is a really LAME system. When you do convince someone to come with you it only temporary and they leave you if you start a mission.Overall the game is fine and youll enjoy a single play through perhaps more if you have the time to waste. There is a great idea hidden here in poor execution but any zombie game where it feels like you're alone doing everything is not okay. Give me more character development, more despair, more freedoms and a bigger map, and for god sake if you're going to give me a group of survivors to work with don't make them so freaking useless.Basically take the freedom and level of immersion of a game like Project Zomboid offers smash it into this game and removed a few quirky mechanics (such as influence) and you've got yourself a winner. As it is, this game has a great idea but they just didn't deliver.State of DecayProject ZomboidDayZCombined these three games with an intelligent AI system so it seems like youre living in the zombies world then you've won it. You don't really need a storyline, but give me the freedom to create my own with.This game SCREAMS for a coop or multiplayer mode. It really feels empty most of the time.When it comes down to it, the storyline isnt horrible and you'll get your moneys worth if you like GTA sytle games + zombies. The breakdown DLC is neat but really sort of time consuming and repetitive, the lifeline dlc is meh."
76561198143895116,Recommended,329430,22469803,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Avalir,"I played the original version back on the 360 and i enjoyed every minute of it. I love the base upgrades, the repairing of vehicles, the scavenging. the only thing i wish they would have implemented in the YOSE version is ONLINE CO-OP and multiplayer. They screamed that they wouldve had to re-write the coding for the entire game but we all know thats entire bull♥♥♥♥♥♥ All in all still a great game but i just wish i could play with friends. Would make things much more interesting."
,Recommended,329430,20624617,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,chetan.N,"A great game, very addictive , Better Performance than the previous ! :D"
76561198063210677,Recommended,329430,34114635,Posted: 8 August,all,Saints Fortune,"a great game to pass the time, it runs flawlessly depending on your graphics card. all honesty this is one of the single player zombie games that don't suck. if you think it sucks well...you suck."
,Recommended,329430,28977826,Posted: 3 January,all,Loxias,much game very buy wow
,Recommended,329430,32280632,Posted: 8 June,all,Syn,Devs: What are your PROs and CONs of our game?Me: Oh you know.. stuff..
,Recommended,329430,26395038,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,DirtyDirt,dankness
76561198047803625,Recommended,329430,25106680,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,DreToX9o7,One of the best.
76561198008161197,Recommended,329430,17037953,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Hippygrenade,Great game buy this game! nuff said!
76561198029036718,Recommended,329430,17373838,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,JacktheRipper,"Let me get this straight. If your new to this then yes get it, but if you owned it before don't get it unless you never got the dlc for the original. This is a fun game with some bugs that need to be fixed and features that could use a little tweaking. One example is the cars durability. They feel fragile and after 5 zombies are run over they look really beaten up. Still I enjoy the game , but I still hope the issues get fixed."
,Recommended,329430,18478894,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,TheGamingScouser,GRAPHICE ARE OKAY NOT THE BEST.GAME PLAY IS CONFUSING BUT GET USED TO IT IN THE END.KINDA LIKE DAYZ WITH DIFFERENT BAGS AND GEAR.BUILD A BASS AND MAKE IT SAFE IS A GOOD ADD ONIF YOU LIKE ZOMBLE KILLING GAME WITH LOADS TO DO GET THIS :)
,Recommended,329430,19316493,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Snowz,needs multiplayer
76561198085337801,Recommended,329430,21075627,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Flake,"Ey, thats pretty good"
76561197989224389,Recommended,329430,21016617,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Thundar,Awesome. Best game ever.
76561198010256311,Recommended,329430,26295496,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,GOLDESMOND,This game feels like the walking dead ss1 but Rick is a black guy [do not want to racism]. Just started play for 1 hour.
76561198057474248,Recommended,329430,21392536,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,nuke boss,its how people look at it. it is a good game if you won't a challong and if you won't a game can persh you to your limit but its a good game to♥♥♥♥♥♥a round
76561197964502437,Recommended,329430,16834684,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Sgt. Barnes,"This game is really good.Even though it is 3rd person and not 1st person it is still a good experience, but would definatly be top notch if it was 1st person.The devs added 4k support, this is good even if u have a 1080p monitor, altho expect lower than 60 fps even with a gtx 970"
,Recommended,329430,17437079,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,RuoskaNZ,"Really good game, a few unpolished parts and bugs but still well reccomended.The fact that anyone can die and the game continues is great and adds to the realism of attempting to survive the zombie apocalypse.People are all butthurt about the devs but as a game it is really good."
76561198144741016,Recommended,329430,21444521,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,robmcq197,"I like it,  not perfect but playable the car driving mechanic are the worst part dos int follow right. and the camera likes to jump when you go forward."
76561198006885862,Recommended,329430,16937390,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Vorpal,My character got ripped in half by a feral zombie about 3 minutes into the game. 9/10
,Recommended,329430,26480588,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Splinter Sensei,"If you addicted to apocalyptic zombie world, u should not miss this game."
76561198045873442,Recommended,329430,30100670,Posted: 22 February,all,Captain Custard,Everythings coming up Milhouse :)
,Recommended,329430,18878110,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,KurdishForces,"So here is the thing. The game is amazing and just like the cliche, I don't write reviews ever. I bought this game when it was released on Xbox and believe it to be one of the best games. I don't know why people ♥♥♥♥♥ and moan about bugs when the gameplay is perfect. You need to survive build and look for supplies. you need to sleep, rest, and eat. The game can get old after awhile but it is amazing to come back to. The last DLC where you play as the army is kind of constrictive because you dont have the ption to move your base arounda nd the map is smaller. However the overall experience is amazing, I would recomend this game to anyone who enjoys survival games but can't put 4 hours in at a time to get a game going. you can play the game for hours sure, but in small doses this game kills boredom. Could have better more flushed building and features, but remember this was made for the xbox 360. ++"
,Not Recommended,329430,31477490,Posted: 30 April,all,RisingStarPurdy,So at first it said dx11 required. ok better graphics card needed. get better graphics card. still doesnt work. trash. abosulte trash. spent money on a thing that it got. never trusting state of decay agian
76561198058655408,Recommended,329430,15741079,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Chiana,"First, I want to say that I am NOT a returning player. I never played the original State of Decay, so this game is all new to me and I am loving it. I did run into one bug while playing the game, I kept crashing when trying to run one particular mission, but I ended up going back later in the game and finishing that line just fine. I bought the Breakdown DLC along with the game and I have to say, this DLC is what really makes the game worth playing. The stand alone game is really just a warm up to the challenges you face as you level through Breakdown. The stand alone game was good, just not challenging enough, so I really recommend learning the game there and then continuing through Breakdown. I have yet to try the Lifeline DLC, although it looks to be an interesting change to the story as well."
,Recommended,329430,15695290,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,LjBlade,"First off, I ask that anyone who agrees with my review or likes it, please up vote it to help combat the people who're posting negative reviews and downvoting positive reviews to give the game a bad reputation for reasons that have nothing to do with Gameplay.If you enjoy Zombie Survival Immersion, State of Decay is the game for you.State of Decay is a Zombie Survival game that focuses on community building and management rather than pure Zombie Apocalypse Horror. You will have a group of survivors and a Home that you must defend and manage. You have to scavenge for resources such as Food, Medicine, Ammo Caches, Construction Materials, and Fuel. But you have to decide, ""am I going to be quiet and take my time searching, or am I going to search really quickly and risk alerting every Zombie in the area that I'm in this house!"", believe me, this can lead to many quick and painful deaths, which is only amplified by the fact that this game uses a perma-death system. If you die, then that survivor is dead, they aren't coming back. If you have more survivors back at home, then you can continue playing as one of them, but you won't be bringing back that dead survivor in any way.State of Decay is much more of a casual game that you can sit back and enjoy your Zombie Apocalypse with a few heart pumping moments like when you run out of stamina in the middle of a fight you can't run from.I personally enjoy this game because it has a higher level of immersion than most Zombie Survival games these days. The fact that it is free-roam while maintaining a linear progression so as to keep you moving, only adds to my enjoyment.The survivors have their own quirky little comments that can give you a giggle or even a facepalm moment for how much a survivors comment can annoy the hell out of you. It brings to life the fact that each survivor really has their own personality and brings something new to the community.Beware, vehicles can and WILL be damaged to the point of explosion. And if that happens, RUN FOREST, RUN! Because that particular big bang, will bring the hordes running for a free happy meal.In the main campaign, you start off up north in the woods, I like to call it Camping Central or Ranger Town. You're rather clueless as to what's happening because you've been outside of news broadcasts and such while out camping. You then proceed to the Ranger Station and things start to become clearer as you go, you will meet new people, and have to decide how to work with them. I'm trying to avoid too much info to avoid spoilers. After you get through the basic intro, you will be at a church with your group of survivors. You must protect them, the church and scavenge for supplies. After some time, it becomes your responsibility to move to a safer location, and eventually, leave the town to complete the campaign.In the Breakdown DLC, you're in the same town/map as in the main campaign. Only with a bit more freedom as the main campaign missions have been removed. You start in the middle of nowhere and get given the choice on how to proceed, you can start a new community as a single survivor, or you can join one of three communities that are available from the get go. Items no longer respawn in buildings once you've scavenged them (not like they do in the main campaign). And this time when you leave town, you start all over again, so be prepared for it. Because each level of Breakdown, while there's a better chance for better loot, will also increase the spawn rate of Zombies and Special Zombies. Making it harder as you go along. Giving you more replayability to scratch your Zombie Survival Simulator itch.In Lifeline, you take on the role of a group of soldiers that are trying to recover a means to combat the virus (very Resident Evil like if you ask me). You will be on a new map made up mostly of highways to get you around the map faster due to the lengthy distance for each objective. This DLC is rather fun to play once you've put a bit of time into the main Campaign and Breakdown DLC, it gives you some variety and new storyline and characters to follow.Each character in this game has their own personality, this has only been improved upon with the Year One Survival Edition.What YOSE has brought to the table is some old bug fixes for this GOTY-like release plus many other improvements such as:29 new melee weapons29 new firearmsCleo Military Supply Drop Missions55 vehicles (34 in original breakdown/lifeline)8,275 new audio lines30 minutes new musicThis is not to mention the higher resolution availability for YOSE compared to the Original SoD.But the bottom line is, if you're looking for a full blown, balls-to-the-wall action game, State of Decay isn't what you're looking for. I suggest you go and play Killing Floor (Killing Floor 2 is now released as Early Access) or something similar."
76561198007178612,Recommended,329430,31981653,Posted: 26 May,all,Diarmuhnd,"No other Zombie Apocalypse game like it. Keeps me coming back for more, long after prettier games are forgotten.i havn't seen any game breaking bugs in the YOSE version in over 150hrs of gameplaysome SoD YOSE MODs still work (im only using 4 QoL mods - no idea about any of the others)Story mode is still too easy, untill you ignore infestations & make a mistake, then its PERMA-DEATH, roh roh.Breakdown is even better, getting much harder as you progress ; a brutal masochists wet dream.old Graphics & some issues - but on a good rig SoD YOSE runs really wellGo watch one of the many youTube vids about it ... if you like it.. then get it if its on sale."
76561198032140696,Recommended,329430,22837995,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,xxGSxx,Great game to dig into.
,Recommended,329430,26477769,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,𝕮𝖗𝖍𝖎𝖘,Fantastic game looks like the walking dead movie
,Recommended,329430,15615771,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,saturn333,"I played the original and Breakdown DLC for over 200 hours.  I am very happy with the quality of the YOSE and will be playing it for 200+ hours as well.  I still have not even played through the Lifeline DLC story.A great game with incredible replayability.(edit)  I have now played YOSE for 400+ hours, completed Lifeline and am still loving the game."
,Recommended,329430,22830239,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Trimm Jong-Un,"It's so much fun when you first get involved, the combat, stealth and just overall gameplay is really smooth and entertaining. The only issue I have found is that the story is a little flat.When it comes to replayabilty, i'd say for the second or third attempt, sure, State of Decay delivers, but after a while it gets fairly repetitive.7/10 from me."
,Recommended,329430,31601207,Posted: 7 May,all,Mints & Muscles,This game is so much fun it's hard to find words to explain it properly. One of the best zombie survival games in the world and I can't wait for the sequel. You will not regret purchasing this perfect piece of masterful undead love <3
76561198014313584,Recommended,329430,22736283,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,chadtindale,"I don't know how to recommend this game enough. If I could impress upon you the ""why"" you play games, it'd definitely make you feel like a zombie apocolypse was something you could live through... Or not... There's just so much to this game...But here are some things you might be expecting which will dampen an otherwise fun experience...1) The graphics aren't the most amazing. They're perfect for this game, but this isn't made in the Unreal engine and it's not that type of game. It's got a lot of things to put on the screen and very few walls between them, so expect medium view distances, and lots of ""adequate"" graphics.2) No seriously, the graphics. This was originally an indy download game on the XBLA, so it wasn't shooting for the stars. There's a lot of short cuts, like how blocky putting up baricades can be. The graphics repeat a lot, Not every limb will fly off a zombie in a unique manner, it's just not aiming for that kind of game...3) The action isn't fast paced. It can be at times, but for the most part, you're questing in a zombie apoc world. Running errands, or looting to keep your home base in order. That's the bread and butter of the game. If you're looking for scary wall to wall thrills, you'll find this game wasn't designed for you.4) The game isn't going to tell you how to play. There's a fun leveling up system... it won't tell you how to use it. There's a neat system for maintaining your home base... it won't tell you how to use it. If you're not willing to experiment on the game a bit to figure it out, this can be frustrating.5) There are glitches. About 4-5 times through a straight play through... you're going to get something that defies physics. Whether a zombie runs through a closed door, A car gets trapped in a porch, or a feral zombie goes flying across the gap between you... I know it sucks, but for the most part, the game is very fun, and those errors won't dampen the experience much if you're ready for them.6) You're determined to not like new things... If you want a game that could be described as ""Like Call of Duty with..."" or ""Like Resident Evil... "", then this is the wrong game. I've honestly never seen such a good blend of action and strategy. You're gonna have to come up with a plan for how your team gets by. And your second play through will be more enjoyable than your first. Honestly, I'm on my fourth, and it's the most fun yet. You have to learn what you can slack on, and what you can't put off. It's a unique experience, and that's probably its best quality.If you keep all that in mind, and don't forget that there's mods you can pick up on Nexus and stuff, this game is great. It's one of the only games I've bought that I keep returning to play. I play it again and again. I love the DLC... I love the alternate modes. And I love the voice acting. This game can be greatly engaging... Or it can be a disappointment, depending on if you're open to what the game is, and not what you hoped it would've been instead."
76561198046269001,Recommended,329430,16685088,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Basillic,Still glitchy and lack of proper polishing (pretty much on every area/aspect) but so much better then the initiative version. Graphics are also decent now althrough the lighting is still rather poor.
76561198271769011,Recommended,329430,23629564,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Helix,This is a great zombie game.
76561198048472071,Not Recommended,329430,19574156,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,WHY ME,combat in this game is terribleyou cant hit through tents/trees/etcthe guy youre with is annoying as hellwaste of money unless you love zombie gamesI'll beat it one day when I have nothing better to play
,Recommended,329430,15728477,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,gFunk,"Graphic comparision in the video herehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=doGsYqmGDT0Buy if you love zombie games and dont own the original.If you own the original skip this.I give it positive reviews since Ioved the first game, based on that experience is why I recommend, I have not played this revamped edition yet"
76561198250565050,Recommended,329430,18320233,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Ludacris,"I once had the original version of State of Decay, and its been a while since ive played it again. I really like this game just like the first time i played it, i love the survival aspect of the apocolops that no other zombie game has, it is not just a hack and slash zombie game, it felt like i was in a season of the walking dead. The crafting and upgrades you can do to your safe house is increadable. this game is the first zombie game that i have played that actually has consecuenses to dying, the zombies actually post a threat and when you come across a horde it is quite challenging and sometimes sadening when your character dies because they dont respawn, you just play as another character. Everything you do in this game has cocequences which can be good or bad. This is the closest to a realistic zombie survival game i have every played. If you like the Walking Dead, then you will fall in love with this game."
76561198167735285,Recommended,329430,18957887,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,J.,State of Decay as I said it's a great game although it may be reputed that these zombie titules is a lot but not to bother buying anything go wrong 9 / 10super game that makes you cause fear what will happen with the character you in finding you see or what experience super zombiehororcome on :D
76561198070617366,Recommended,329430,16513768,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Kalin101,"this game is truly amaing its an open world zombie apocalypse game where you can build your own base with people inside but is yet realistic they can get hurt or sick or die or lost and you must scavenge areas to to find food,medecine,gasoline,ect. oh and did i mention it has great graphics and id third person"
,Recommended,329430,16540369,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,-Ringy Starrwalker-,"Played the original on the 360 when it first came out and loved it. If you don't own SOD or never tried it before pick this up. But if you already own the original it probably isn't worth the purchase, besides that it's just as fun as when I played it a few years ago."
,Recommended,329430,16567710,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Peil,"Great game.The only thing I didn't like was the first few minutes of the game and the last few minutes of the game.  I was about to quit the first 20 minutes into the game and never play it again, but I kept going.  Glad I did.  It got a lot more interesting as the game went on.   The end of the game though♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off.    All in all, it took me 16 hours of gameplay from start to finish. (Not including the DLC which I just started playing)   The game is definitely worth it if you can pick it up for $15 like I did on sale."
76561198130283080,Recommended,329430,16605910,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,ejrodm,"Can somebody HELP!I bought the game earlier today and when I started the game, it says that DX11 required but hen i checked my computers properties, it says Directx 11 and now updates pending.Things already done:Added SoD to trusted websitesRestarted computerRestrted SteamReinstalled the game 3 timesLooked for ways to disable other DX versionsDeleted that Directx file and reinstalled itNo errors on scriptUpdated Video card driver (NVIDIA Quadro FX 1700)Checked graphics cardSFC scanned for errors on cmd, one found on logs but can't findChecked Power Supply4 GB of RAM64-bit Operating System, x64-based processorIntel(R) Core(TM)2 Duo CPU E84-- @ 3.00GHzCan someone help because I really want to play this game, Please!"
76561198086356773,Recommended,329430,31910759,Posted: 22 May,all,CoolDude,im having fun with this game. i cnt want for the sequel.
76561198062027460,Recommended,329430,25404365,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,redrdrsbro,"Wicked good game, lack of multiplayer is biggest drawback, as in coop multiplayer, I would not want to play this game pvp"
76561198276589801,Recommended,329430,29641416,Posted: 1 February,all,hi im negan,it ♥♥♥♥ing great
76561198076358645,Recommended,329430,28812627,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Avis1465,"Damn,really wanted to play this game.It looked really good and it is from my 10 minutes of gameplay but the graphics are way too good for me to handle D:.Otherwise great game."
76561198278727820,Recommended,329430,21090756,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,FlexOnThem,I LOVE THIS GAME ! ITS LIKE gta OF ZOMBIES .
,Recommended,329430,21112997,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Homeless Chef,A real Zombie Survival game that many people have been waiting for and the Second State of Decay is coming out soon!
,Recommended,329430,21594226,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Your boi Daryll,its alright ....
76561198140686013,Recommended,329430,22999974,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,erayshell,8/10 IGN
,Recommended,329430,28110487,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,§ɱõƙƩ §µɱ ƧƠɳ LA 323,thise game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥better than all zobie games i play
76561197978988394,Recommended,329430,31980350,Posted: 26 May,all,BodyCount,Great Game tons of fun
,Recommended,329430,15688599,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,kmiklos,"Summary- If you don't own the original SoD, read on. The game is solid.- If you own the original SoD, this is just a minor update. Read below to find out what changed, and decide based on those and the current price tag.- Shortly after release, there are bugs. New ones. I trust they will be fixed soon.EDIT: A year later they seem to have gone. Either a fix or other changes in my PC got rid of them - for me, at least.ReviewThere are many negative reviews from people who actually like this game, just expected something more from this new release of their old favorite. To them: please remember that Steam users might decide on purchasing the game based on your reviews. Your review should be about the game, not the maker's way doing business. This game is solid. Some say this is the best single-player zombie apocalypse survival game in the Steam market. I agree with them.SoD:YOSE won't bring much for the owners of the original game though. These new features are:- High-res menu items and icons- Better lighting- One new car type (SUV)- Varied car paintings- One new hero- Many cool new weapons- Some new combat moves- Some new textures and 3D models (don't expect a lot!)- You can re-case ammo in the original campaign and 'Breakdown' too, not just in 'Lifeline'- You can find and use the military vehicle from 'Lifeline' in the original campaign and 'Breakdown' too- Some new bugs, hopefully to be fixed soon (nothing game breaking to me)About the game:SoD is a third person open-world zombie apocalypse survival game, unfortunately only single-player, where you can manage a small survivor community, build and upgrade base structures, and research new items for your ongoing combat against an unlimited zombie horde. The game has perma-death, some RPG elements, a wide variety of weapons and you can use the environment to fight the hordes too.The main campaign provides a mediocre story with a good atmosphere, and introduces you to the gameplay.'Breakdown' is a sandbox version of the main story - you play on the same map, without the storyline. You start in a random location, find and join a community, and then take on its management. When all resources were used up, or you are just bored, there is a broken RV you can fix and use to take a few key members of your community to another area. It will be the same map, with all resources respawned randomly, where you will start in a random point (from your broken down RV) and have to build up everything again. As you repeat the previous steps, the horde gets stronger and stronger, and you will receive new, stronger survivors to reinforce your team. This is my favorite game mode.'Lifeline' takes place on a new map, is more military-oriented and as such provides a different experience. It is a mixture of the previous two: there is some story, but you can decide to stay and continue saving people at an increased difficulty - with a global leaderboard.Would I recommend this game?- If you don't own the original, but like what you have read here, definitely.- If you own the original and like it, maybe. You won't get much extra, so decide based on what I wrote earlier. Or wait for a sale."
76561197961947576,Recommended,329430,16065127,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,RedeviL,Worthy visual and game play improvement over the original. For the price and the amount of game time you receive it is more than worth the money!
76561197986641007,Recommended,329430,16018056,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,nosmaclear,"-A decent game, but if the developers don't use this influx of funds to fix major bugs, then they can go back to developing console games and stay out of the PC world."
76561198020822205,Recommended,329430,16114101,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Y'Golonac,"Not feeling the hate myself. Loved SoD, this is prettier and tighter. Maxes at 1080, tho.Hopefully more modes will come for YOSE. I gave Undead Labs a tip because i had so much fun with the first and I don't regret it."
76561197994830695,Not Recommended,329430,35118280,Posted: 21 September,all,Admiral Doughnuts,I can no longer play this game fullscreen because it doesn't have settings for a 2560x1440 monitor.
,Recommended,329430,15671581,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Jesus of Nazareth,"If we're gonna be honest. This game is great. coming from an owner of the original State of decay. I understand why some people would be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off about the release of this game, but it's still a great game. it's a great value for what you're getting. I recommend this to anyone who Likes survival or zombie games.One thing though that I found weird is surprisingly how slow the game was running for me, considering I have a poor PC. it's not that easy to run, and to make it even worse there's little to no options allowing to tweak the graphic settings. just a minimum,medium, high or ultra  pre-setting.great game to comeback to. even better if you're new."
,Recommended,329430,31127714,Posted: 13 April,all,@bilbop YouTube,"Personally I do enjoy this game and while this game certainly does have its ups and downs, I am not here to praise or criticize this game. I am here to offer a phenomenal 4 Cheese Ravioli recipe!Here are the ingredients you will need!Ravioli Dough: 2 cups all-purpose flour, 1 pinch salt, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 2 eggs, 1 1/2 tablespoons water.Ravioli Filling: 1 (8 ounce) container ricotta cheese, 1 (4 ounce) package cream cheese, softened, 1/2 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, 1/2 cup provolone cheese, shredded, 1 egg, 1 1/2 teaspoons dried parsley.Pesto-Alfredo Cream Sauce: 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 3 tablespoons prepared basil pesto sauce, 2 cups heavy cream, 1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 1 (24 ounce) jar marinara sauce.1. Mound the flour and salt together on a work surface and form a well. Beat the teaspoon of olive oil, 2 eggs, and water in a bowl. Pour half the egg mixture into the well. Begin mixing the egg with the flour with one hand; use your other hand to keep the flour mound steady. Add the remaining egg mixture and knead to form a dough.2. Knead the dough until smooth, 8 to 10 minutes; add more flour if the dough is too sticky. Form the dough into a ball and wrap tightly with plastic. Refrigerate for 1 hour.3. While the dough is resting, prepare the ravioli filling. Combine the ricotta cheese, cream cheese, mozzarella cheese, provolone cheese, egg, and parsley and mix well. Set the filling aside.4. Heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add the crushed garlic and pesto sauce and cook for one minute. Pour in the heavy cream, raise the heat to high, and bring the sauce to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for 5 minutes. Add the Parmesan cheese and stir until the cheese melts. Remove the pan from the heat and keep warm.5. Meanwhile, in a separate saucepan, warm the marinara sauce over medium-low heat.6. Preheat an oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Beat the egg with the tablespoon of water to make the egg wash.7. Roll out the pasta dough into thin sheets no thicker than a nickel. To assemble the ravioli, brush the egg wash over a sheet of pasta. Drop the filling mixture on the dough by teaspoonfuls about one inch apart. Cover the filling with the top sheet of pasta, pressing out the air from around each portion of filling. Press firmly around the filling to seal. Cut into individual ravioli with a knife or pizza cutter. Seal the edges.8. Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil over high heat. Stir in the ravioli, and return to a boil. Cook uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the ravioli float to the top and the filling is hot, 4 to 8 minutes. Drain well.9. Grease a baking sheet. Place the cooked ravioli on the sheet pan and bake in the preheated oven until brown, about 4 minutes.10. To serve the ravioli, divide them among four warmed serving bowls. Drizzle the marinara sauce over the ravioli and then top with the cream sauce."
76561197993981981,Recommended,329430,16146827,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Folk,Great zombie game worth it if you dont have the original and all the DLC's with it. Even then it's not that expensive for anyone with a decent job.
76561198074324511,Recommended,329430,16194797,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,ArrangedTuba292,If you have played state of decay before this isnt much diffrent. Its a bit buggy but has a graphics enhancement. It is however still fun and comes with all of the DLC's so if youv never owned this game and you want it i'd get this. 8/10
76561198077993999,Recommended,329430,16223284,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Malevolance,Ive never played SOD before so this is amazing. From what ive read if you already played the original one this one isnt worth picking up. And people have been ♥♥♥♥♥ing about bugs. I havent encountered a single bug yet. This is with 24 hours played. Highly recomend best zombie game ive ever played by far.
76561198008896937,Recommended,329430,26492099,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,sargekoko,"Yes, Yes, and Yes. Answer me this, do you like zombies? Do you like carnage? Do you like survival? Not to mention a side of storyline/plot? Than this game is for you!Its like GTA but Zombies/survival."
76561198299062558,Recommended,329430,26497888,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,drexxboy97,Great Play value
76561198091933172,Recommended,329430,15606623,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Desert Dan,"I played State of the Decay when it first launched on the Xbox 360. I enjoyed playing it at the time, even with the many bugs it had. Now with the ""new"" YOSE, I am still enjoying the game as much as the original 360 version. Granted I did not play the first PC edition as I knew there wouldn't be much of a difference, playing the YOSE after playing the 360 version does make it seem as a similar, yet satisfactory experience. Seeing how all of the DLC is bundled together along with some small perks, the game seems fine for its price. If you already played the game recently, and expect a totally brand new game, I would advise not to get this version as you may feel ""ripped off"" as many people already stated in their reviews. However, if you have not yet played this game, or have not played since the 360 version, I would highly encourage you to pick up this game.EDIT: A recent update on 11/18/2015 added 4k support and more features."
76561198031885209,Recommended,329430,16424114,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Prophet,"So what is this game?It's a zombie apocalypse open survival game.Enough said to be honest.Story: X/10So why a X instead of a number?Well, it might be because I really don't know which mission is the story, and there's basically no story at all at the same time where there is one. The game throws a x amount of missions at the player at roughly the same time.Gameplay: 8/10The gameplay is good, really good and addictive but it ha it's rough edges.The game starts with introducing the settlement mechaninc a settlement is a place where the survivors that you found live. For them to be able to live, they need food, medication and a place to sleep. Food and medication is able be found within the world itself, while you need to build a place for your survivors to sleep. Each settlement has it's own selected areas where you can choice what you want to build. If you want to have a survivor with you, well you gonna want to do a lot of side missions so you can rise your morale in your settlement, a low morale will make people leave your settlement.Looting is a big mechanic in the game, you do it like 80% of the time. It works but it's kinda weird. For some reason rushing a looting process makes more sound than shooting a zombie with a shotgun.The ""fighting"" mechanic works more or less. Shooting feels good but actually fighting feels awkward most of the time.You need to earn fame before you can take a weapon from your settlemet, yes you can find a gun and ammo in the world itself.Music: 7/10It's nothing special, but it's quite impressive when you can hear a gun shot in the distance.AI: 5/10This is the ""best"" thing in the game. If I could earn steam money for every time where an AI used their gun instead of melee a zombie. Sometimes they shoot when a zombie is not aggresive, and making them and every zombie within 20 feet aggresive on you.Total score: 7/10It might seem like I'm hating on the game, and in a way that's true. The game is really good, but it has it's rough edges. I'm on a ""mission"" to find the perfect survival game and this game is on the top three on my list. It's funny and challenging at the same time. It could have been so much better if they had fixed some of the things that have told you about in this review."
76561198073110738,Not Recommended,329430,32700613,Posted: 23 June,all,Vladimir Jakov,Garbage does not even start. I'm just going to try and refund.
76561198149968795,Recommended,329430,22552945,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,saben,great original game hands dowm
,Recommended,329430,18193671,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Pixel,An amazing game with hours of fun and exciting game play well worth geting this 10/10 fun combat awsome story
76561198155847825,Recommended,329430,22707507,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,rco33,"I've been meaning to play this game more, just haven't got around to it.  I had it for xbox and it's a good game!  The one I have has the 3 games in the pack.I need to play it when I have the time.  You can tell it didn't have the best development team, but the game play is where it is at.  Make you feel in a zombie world.I recommend this game!"
76561198057144314,Recommended,329430,15678208,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Prydain10,"For new players interested in SOD, yes I would reccomend this to you. For the vet players who own the original SOD and are debating about buying this one, think about if the new additions are worth the price tag to you. The game itself is basicly the same except with a few tweaks, visual improvements, new characters in breakdown and some of the breakdown challenges changed.For new players:State of Decay is a sandboxish zombie survival RPG. You switch between different survivors that have their own perks and personalities and try to gather supplies to help your group survive. There are lots of different weapons to use and there is a small RPGlike skill system. For example, if you spec a survivor in using blunt weapons then when that skill levels up enough you can pick 1 of 2 attacks for the survivor to learn. With firearms depending on what type the survivor specs in you can get better firerate, longer distance lockons, etc. The game also features perma-death so if your survivor dies, they are gone for good which adds a bit of tension when your trying to escape a horde or dealing with one of the ""freaks"".There are 3 modes in the game that you can play and they are:Storymode:The one you want to start with as it explains how you play the game. You follow the story of 3 survivors and without any spoilers, basicly work on surviving and expanding your base as you help other survivors out and start learning about whats going on in the world.Breakdown:The main survival part of the game. You start out with a random survivor, pick an enclave group to join, then get to work surviving. The main goal is to find an RV and fix it up. Once you do that you pick which survivors you want to take with you to the next level and repeat. With each level resources become more scarce and zombies become more populated. There are also challenges that when you complete them, unlock hero characters which have their own special perks and bonuses. Theres a small escort quest to bring them to your base and from then on if you restart breakdown you can then choose that hero to start with instead of a random survivor.Lifeline:This mode is unique because you take on the role of the army inside a city crawling with the infected. Your job is to simply scavenge supplies while extracting key VIP targets and any civilians you find. The key difference in this mode is that after a period of time you have to fight of a siege of the infected which gets steadily more difficult as you move on.To sum it up, State of Decay ( or SOD ) is one of the best zombie games out there at least in my opinion. If you've never owned the original SOD and were interested in grabbing it, then yes I would reccomend this to you 100%. As for vet players though, I know alot of them are angry about the support being dropped for the original and they do have a right to be. Its purely up to them if they want to buy this version for only a few new features.For new players this is perfect for you. For the old vets, again just think if spending the money is worth for the extra features that they threw in."
76561198024274145,Recommended,329430,25169453,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Viking171986,"Buys game, Plays game, looks at the clock &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥it's 4 am I have work in 2 hours!!!!!7/10 Very fun game but glitches, bad voice acting and people getting sick all the time kind ruin it a bit."
76561198146387849,Recommended,329430,25024138,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,shamancorp,"So short version GTA but zombies, zombies, Guns, more guns, bases, skill leveling, and in the expantion you start as a group of soldiers already fully loaded :) right! but your going to need all the firepower too. A must have! Has it all exept coop or Mult Player :( I pray that becomes a thing.░░░░▄▄▄░░▄██▄░░░░░░░░▐▀█▀▌░░░░▀█▄░░░░░░░░▐█▄█▌░░░░░░▀█▄░░░░░░░░▀▄▀░░░▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░░░▄▄▄██▀▀▀▀░░░░░░░░░░█▀▄▄▄█░▀▀░░░░░▌░▄▄▄▐▌▀▀▀░░ THIS IS BOB▄░▐░░░▄▄░█░▀▀ ░░▀█▌░░░▄░▀█▀░▀ ░░ COPY AND PASTE HIM,░░░░░░░▄▄▐▌▄▄░░░ SO, HE CAN TAKE░░░░░░░▀███▀█░▄░░ OVER THE WORKSHOP░░░░░░▐▌▀▄▀▄▀▐▄░░░░░░░░▐▀░░░░░░▐▌░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░█"
76561198056350539,Recommended,329430,18042480,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Sucondis,Spent 20 minutes trying to kill a juggenaut zombie with a car (make that 4 cars). Shot it in the head instead. Nearly died.......21/10 would attempt again!
,Recommended,329430,17086188,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Ben Harris,"This is a really great survival/management/exploration zombie game.  It's -almost- the perfect combination of different genres.  It only falls a little flat on the looseness of it's excecution.A really terrible quest log makes your goals confusing, with missions and morale issues popping up and disappearing quickly while you struggle to figure out where you're even supposed to be headed.If the combat controls were a little tighter, and the management tools were more powerful, this would be a perfect zombie survival game.  Why not emulate Assassin's Creed for fighting and exploration?  And your fellow survivors are almost useless because they will only scavenge buildings when you are already there - Why can't I tell someone to take 3 people and go grab the medicine we spotted in the pharmacy last week?  What about a contruction tree, rather than vague descriptions and no hint at what you are building up to?Hopefully there will be a State of Decay 2, and it will combine aspects of tighter, more specialized games into a really fun symphony of death and destruction.  8/10 would send Alan to his death again."
,Recommended,329430,19489096,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,NasiPuti,Very much enjoyed it and well worth the money.Only issue is that sadly it's only single player and much like the apocalypse doing it all alone gets too lonely.
,Recommended,329430,28111941,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Trevasta,its good imean its doesn't suck
,Recommended,329430,24803811,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,DocHolliday,Got and played for five hours straight.10/10 would spend five hours trying to find a .357 revolver and a police cruiser so i could call myself Rick Grimes
76561198109893610,Recommended,329430,15607856,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,JoshDaDirt,i like the game and the idea but it needs settings for lower graphics or something because even on lowest settings its still to laggy to play on my system
76561198042373504,Not Recommended,329430,26420640,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,b892034,"This is the first time i have cared enough to leave a review. This game is completely unplayable.Have tried on three different computers of varying specs. Controls, especially mouse, are completely haywire. Completely unoptimised- I was getting between 6-10 FPS. Numerous crashes to desktop. Flying Zombies disappearing into the ground. This game has it all. And that is from trying it for 10 mins, tried all three game modes, same result.I have literally gone back to playing the original SOD, which I already had a couple of hundred hours on and is just far superior. What an absolute waste of money for somethign that should have been a patch but instead makes the game unplayable."
,Recommended,329430,15667172,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,harley,"As a new player I'm thoroughly enjoying this game. The frustrations of losing friends and allies, learning the base system and the skills.Yeah, I'd love 1440p on my 32"" monitor. The UI is pretty hard to understand with some buttons not responding in the 'right' areas. But in terms of Gameplay, I'm having a blast!"
,Recommended,329430,15674947,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,The Enclave,"As someone who has put in over 100 hours into the 360 version, I've fallen inlove all over again. The graphics are a huge upgrade (less so from the original PC version and yes a lot of this could have been patched in) the new features are welcome. Performance and draw distance greatly improved too. . There are still bugs too but I've not encountered anything game breaking (yet.)It's still the best zombie survival game and the permadeath character system still makes you care.Solid upgrade and the definite version if you dont already have the orginal on PC in which case it is a personal preference."
76561198007276471,Recommended,329430,15782064,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Von Rictor,best zombe game i have ever played
,Recommended,329430,15703093,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,~JFDHS~HaagseCourant,"A Lot of players here give this game a negative review because of price and the fact there is not realy been much done to improve the game, if you compare it to the origineel State of Decay.I Am not like them and will not give a negative review.The game looks better than the orginal and has some nice new stuff added.I Like the new personage, cars and weapons.The gameplay is still the same as origineel, so it was easy to get back in killing Zeds.Still a Great game :)"
76561197976056037,Recommended,329430,15796707,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Rush Hour Rambo,"Very immersive, engrossing, and fresh. The combination of the gameplay elements, from managing your base/residence, to the scavenging/survival, building,  dynamic missions, combat, and stealth elements, really comes together well. Has a couple issues with polish here or there, but nothing that ever made me consider putting the game down.  Both concept and execution work well. 4.5/5"
,Recommended,329430,15688622,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,moemudzi,"This review is coming from a person who has not tried this game or the previous version at all. Well, tried most of the old version at least. I downloaded the crack a month ago and I realized that the game was rigged, or in other words, has an anti-piracy gig were zombies attack you in multiple hordes every single minute. Yeah, it has like Hell. I totally regret my decision. So, I wanted to buy it, so I waited and waited. Until this version came along. What impressed me is that it has all the DLC's and includes more characters, vehicles, and extra weapons. All that for only 30$? Heck yeah! This game is awesome, even though I am a console dude. It is a must get if you are a fan of the Grand Theft Auto series with Gameplay like the Dead Rising series. And remember, instead of buying the old one for 30$, you can get this one with everything for the same price. Holla! ( It is a pity that some people can't accept an honest opinion.)"
76561198011426713,Recommended,329430,15605630,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Thagamus,"It was difficult for me to give it a thumbs up. The only reason I give it a Yes is because I think that the changes they made are just barely enough for me. If you have never played State of Decay, this is definitely worth a buy. If you already own State of Decay and are considering the upgrade, I would watch some videos first to see if the changes made are enough for you to enjoy it. The graphics are nice, the UI has been improved, they've added some new weapons and vehicle skins, there are plenty more zombies on screen, and you can port your original SoD saves into the new game. That for me was the kicker, but again that is just me.tldr: If you don't own SoD, buy this right now.If you already own SoD, be wary of this purchase."
76561197960430972,Recommended,329430,15669996,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Johnny Cage,"Fun game, the upgrades were worth it, great job"
,Not Recommended,329430,33076635,Posted: 1 July,all,Pickle Tickler,This game was fun on Xbox 360 But its broken on pc many people have a glitch with shadows not rendering propely and it makes the game look very weird bc the lights just flash when u look around.
76561198167588164,Recommended,329430,16031854,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Makeke,Awesome game!!! LOVE THIS!I love how:- you have a base in which you can relocate- you can go out with other guys in your crew for back up- play as nearly everybody in your crew- Some of the zombies freak me out and make me panic- if you die your character is 100% perm dead but you just jump to one of your other survivorsAdvice: smash through the base game for a few hours and make mistakes and muck up. Then start again making a good version.
76561197984242287,Recommended,329430,15885772,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Taylorstar,"State of Decay (including its DLC) is a great game and YOSE brings new additions to game but on release it has a few annoying bugs.If you never owned State of Decay or don't have the DLCs before this is a good purchase Yose edition gives you both the DLC with the original game.If you already owned State of Decay with all DLC I recommend waiting for it to go on sale, you wont be waiting long State of Decay has been on sale on steam over a dozen times at one point the biggest discount was 80% off.Some of the new features added to the game by YOSE includeA new mission that appears in all 3 game modes where mystery supply drops appear drawing hoards of enemies, that even the most experienced players will have a challenge beating.A handful of unique skinned cars which perform slightly differently to their original including slightly faster but take more damage.New fully voiced characters to unlock in the breakdown mode.One new vehicle type the SUV.Returning players who decide to purchase Yose will findMore enemies to deal with than before being loud and reckless is much more risky.Special infected such as the Feral appearing far more frequently and in greater numbers (especially in breakdown)Ferals are now far more evasive when trying to run them down in a carFacilities in the original campaign and breakdown now have the features of making snacks and ammo.New sounds and weapons and voiced dialogue.The journal/menu is noticeably better looking with sharper images on items.New combat animations with edged weapons and unarmed combat being particularly brutal.As i said at the top of my post the game does have its bugs and some can be quite annoying a few close to game breaking.Bugs worth mentioningI had to manually set my resolution and screen aspect using the in game menu.Sometimes when alt tabbing the game goes into a windowed mode.Zombies occasionally clip through doorsFriendly AI can be slow or unresponsive, especially when they really need to be.small frame drops when the game loads up the city areas as you drive into them.My Computer is running Windows 7 64bitIntel(R) Core(TM) i7-4770K CPU @ 3.50GHz (8 CPUs), ~3.5GHzNVIDIA GeForce GTX 77016GB RAMThe game runs at 60 FPS on the in game ultra settings for me almost consistently except for the brief second it takes when loading up the city areas while driving a fast car, but after its loaded its back to a solid 60 fps.I recommend this game if you haven't played State of Decay before, otherwise wishlist it and wait for a sale."
,Recommended,329430,15733407,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Jexter,"Very good game. Like GTA, only with zombies :) The attention to community survival and not only lonely survivor scenario is very interesting. Although the community detail lacks in-depth it's still something new. A nice part of the game that you can change characters and one dying is dying forever with no return, but the game doesn't end - you just take role of another survivor."
,Recommended,329430,15908257,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Gheyretard,amazingly redone. love the game
76561198032068105,Not Recommended,329430,24481108,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,matt1184,Crash dump error every 5 minutes.♥♥♥♥ this game.
76561198043359138,Recommended,329430,15733789,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,SunWarrior,Great game ! but i would love to see coop it would take it to the next level
76561197960492182,Recommended,329430,15660829,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,durito,"So I looked over the recent reviews and thought I'd pick this game up.  Seems like a majority of the people are clicking ""No"" where it says  ""Do you recommend this game?""  But in their reviews they recommend it for new players.  So.. which is it?Anyways.  I've only spent a couple hours in the game and so far it has been alright.  Stealth attacks seem a bit clunky whenever I try to pull it off my character calls the partner over instead.  Other than that though it has been quite a different zombie game for me.  I'll probably keep playing and see how far I can get before I get bored but so far it is entertaining.Scavenging for materials and keeping morale up amongst the survivors has been pretty interesting for me.  I just wish my axe wouldn't break so easily lol.So yeah if you're willing to overlook some of the minor clunky stuff then I'd say the game is worth playing.  Hope to see an online coop mode in a sequel!"
,Not Recommended,329430,34728007,Posted: 3 September,all,J. Brandston | 3E-8,No 21:9 support? Can't recommend!
76561198154831266,Recommended,329430,33081497,Posted: 1 July,all,Pat 'Sadit.,Love.
,Recommended,329430,21866175,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,東方の黑猫✿,Cons : The city is full of zombiePros : Never Got Chased By So Many Girls In My entire Lifedriving killing zombie Simulator 11/10
,Recommended,329430,15759981,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Dewguru,"If you don't already own State of Decay, then yes, definitely pick up one of the best single player Zombie group survival games there is.If you already own State of Decay - read up on what this edition brings to ensure that it is worth your time. The original was a PC port of the X-box 360 version. This release is the same as the first game + DLC, but Microsoft had Undead Labs update it for the X-box One and this is the port of that version. So it is primarily minor visual improvements (imo) with a few tweaks that may not be worth your extra cash at this time."
,Recommended,329430,15605540,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Seventy-Three David,"Just as good as the first, however, returning fans won't get much other than some variation in weapons. New players will have a blast as all the DLC is included which provides 2 new avenues of play style (sandbox and shoot-em-up). Regardless of the little improvements to the original game, I do still recommend this game as I did the first one to my friends. Buy it and try it out. Hopefully one day this game will get the multiplayer mode that it deserves."
,Recommended,329430,16145266,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,ok,"Made the mistake of buying the same game twice. If you're new to this series this is a good place to start, but if you already had SoD don't bother."
76561198143972439,Recommended,329430,22502335,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,ZeroPantz™,"Bad reviews are about the devs republishing an upgraded version of the game. Don't see the issue really. This game clearly still has the same bugs since I've encounterd them. And they got the old version which I had rather had, since this one takes a lot more from my computer's performance so I do have lag at times. But really, it's not like Square Enix is gonna give me the Final Fantasy VII remake for free either cause I bought the original FFVII back then. Guess people always gotta Q.Q about something.Anyway, the bad reviews have nothing to do with the gameplay itself. The game itself is great. After playing through both Walking Dead games from Telltale, I was looking for something similar. Not just a brainless zombie shooting FPS game. Something with a story to it. This game, has that. I can definitely see it take place in the same universe as The Walking Dead, which to me is great.You also have to make choices in this game that could lead to good or bad things, find other survivors, team up, people will die, you may have to relocate again, etc.etc. I haven't gotten too far in the game yet, but so far I am really enjoying it. If you like zombie survivals games with a story to it, or The Walking Dead games from Telltale then I think this one's right up your alley!"
76561198057316446,Recommended,329430,22560189,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,IZZYZIGG,"This is the zombie game that I've been waiting a long time for! There are some minor bugs and the graphics aren't the best but overall it's a great experience. The zombie apocalypse is overwhelming at times, which is part of the fun and it has some elements of an RPG, which I think is awesome. Deaths are always a tragedy since characters can be extremely valuable to your survival depending on how you upgrade them and building a base that can defend against the zombies is another fun task. If you haven't tried this game, check out some videos and I'm sure they will raise your interest. No regrets on my part."
76561198032742452,Recommended,329430,15684461,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Uncle David,"I bought the first game and the subsequent DLC and enjoyed the game immensely. It's not perfect. It's improved over the original with beautiful graphics and better stability. There are some issues that persisted through to this version. However, the modding community is insanely talented and with a little tweaking you can mod the game to your heart's content. I personally loved Lifeline and it was free of old technical issues."
76561198011877455,Recommended,329430,15663403,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Joe,"If you have played the original game, you may be wondering if the remastered version is worth buying. There are no significant improvements to the game, it's still the same game with a few nice changes. These changes do make the game more enjoyable but are probably not worth the full price. Improvements include:-Enhanced graphics and draw distance, and new textures. The graphics aren't significantly better, but the difference is noticable.-Improved effects, with dust, fog, and fire effects...-More animations have been added. Zed's move differently, and they changed the unarmed combat.-Cleaner looking interface.-Some of the features in Lifeline have now been added to the main game and Breakdown.-A new mission type, with new special weapons.-Grenade launcher attachement and incendiary shotguns.-More vehicles and some new skins.-One new character is included (if you bought the original game).-You can now play as Hawkes, Kilo, Vince and Sasquatch. (More dialogue was recorded for Breakdown).-More music in game.-Increased number of Zeds.There are still some problems with the game. Zed's can pass through doors, and there are pathing problems (Surviors can get stuck when trying to enter vehicles).  Unfortunately there is still no support for 4k or 2k monitors. I have a 1440p monitor and I find it dissapointing (and I'm sure I'm not the only one) that I have to play the game at 1080p.It may be better to wait for a discount, before considering to buy this game. Having glanced at some of the negative reviews, I agree that this game is not a major improvement, and there are still the same bugs. I suggest you buy this game if you haven't bought the original (or you bought the base game but not the DLC). For others, I suggest you wait for a discount. I still like this game and the improvements (particularly the new mission type), but graphically I expected it to be better."
76561198089359820,Recommended,329430,15632524,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,jkacala127,"To buy or not to buy, that is the question...If you own the game already.People who already own the game and who are upset with the new verison, understand State of Decay was released for xbox live and the PC, you couldn't go into the store to buy it. State of Decay year one edition actually went into stoers because of it's success and basically it's just a way to get more attention to a great game.I spent almost 240hours on the State of Decay, reaching level 13 on the Break down DLC and making it into the top 100 players. So this was an easy buy for me, just simply because I enjoyed the game so much, or too much. Now I'm on breakdown 28 or something and in the top 14 players.Improvements?The graphics are maybe 5% betterFighting seems to have minor differencesMore guns and you can craft your own bullets which improves gun playSUV's and the army truck is added from Lifeline. The cars and trucks have new skins as wellNew CharactersA bonus drop system called CLEO is in the game which is going to play into state of decay 2...You learn nothing about it.If you really enjoy the game, get it for breakdown. Being able to make your own bullets now made guns a great weapon now and you feel like this bad a$$ pulling combos than going to slow-mo and killing zombies wtih your rifle...Rifles are the only guy really worth having in the game.The game is a bit easier because of this, but also more fun. If you don't own the game buy it! If you want to go back to state of decay it's worth picking up, I bought it at full price because I'm crazy about the game, but I can see waiting for a big sale on it if you already own it.I do wish they added a different type of Zombie, or opened up a few buildings, like the movie theater you can't get in, as well as just added some extra buildings."
76561197968907666,Recommended,329430,15611587,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,TinBlue,Just brilliant. And now with updated graphics and lots more...
,Recommended,329430,15632744,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Mordhauss,"Kill Zombies, Survive, GG"
76561198092414218,Recommended,329430,24504149,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,LordAutumn,::.fetch quest: zombie edition.::
76561198048998325,Recommended,329430,15680829,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Sterling Malory Archer,"Disclaimer: I'm reviewing this game as its own thing. IMO if you already own State of Decay and its associated DLC this is nothing more than a 1080p graphical update and is not worth the upgrade.PC Specs (just in case):AMD FX6300NVidia GTX7608GB of RAMPlayed on a Microsoft Xbox 360 controllerWhat can I say about State of Decay other than it is the best zombie survival game in the market. It does a number of things really well:1) Make every character feel uniqueWhile you will always start with the 3 same characters, the community members you can acquire and how you build your characters can differ tremendously playthrough to playthrough. My first go at this game (in the 720p version) is completely different than my just finished 15 hours of playthough (on the Vanilla campaign). This game rewards smart play, some characters are more suited to melee and some for gunplay and building your characters around these strengths can help greatly or you can take the added risk of building evenly on every character. By the end of the campaign, I had three characters suited for gunplay, three for melee and two all-rounders and tasked each group to specific mission types. Everyone had a backstory and I tried to incorporate this into my decision making as I roleplayed them for what I thought each character would do in real-life. Each character also suffers permadeath and nothing is more heart-breaking than watching a character you build get destroyed by a silly move in a routine scavenging mission although after one or two deaths, you'll usually know when to pick your fights.2) Simulate a zombie apocalypse.Resources are scarce and while there are ways to end up not having to worry about resource A or B more often than not you'll run short on Resource C or D (there are five in total Food, Medicine, Ammo, Materials and Fuel). These resources are also consumed as the game is turned off meaning that you'll have to log in to check on the health of your community and to scavenge what you need. Which segues well into my next point. This game requires resource management. While you may be overflowing with food, not having enough medicine to stave off the flu or materials to maintain your defenses can and will spell certain doom. Adding to that is the fact that you can and will run out of resources, so it is a battle against time to stockpile resources and find a way out. Additionally, you will need to balance your time out as well. You will need to decide whether you want to clear the path around you or pursue story or community missions or scavenge for resources. You can roleplay as the hero of the community or the leader of your own isolated community depending on what you choose.3) Combat is kinda awesomeThere is nothing more awesome IMO that kneeing a zombie's skull open, or taking an oar and beating the crap out of multiple zombies. Melee combat in this game is great! You have your attack, dodge or (as I call it) space making moves that allow you to dictate melee fights with zombies. However, get overrun and surrounded and you will die. On the controller the Left Bumper (forgot the keyboard equivalent) allows you to add more power to your attacks, dodge further and finish grounded enemies all with the added cost of more stamina meaning that you can't just spam the attack button all the time.Gunplay is tight as guns react as you'd expect forcing you to choose the range of engagements depending on the weapon you choose. Pistol's can't one tap enemies from as far as a rifle can, but rifles don't have the rate of fire as pistols do. Assault weapons are a happy medium but ammo for them is scarce and automatic firing will burn through ammo. There are plenty more weapons and I enjoyed using all of them, none of them felt particularly overpowered (though any weapon that can take a silencer should be top priority picks) and filled each niche appropriately.4) StoryThe story was in my opinion strongly average, there are some bits where you have to fill it in with your imagination but the game's narrative is relatively realistic with well-written dialogue. Needlessly to say, this is the most subjective part and I'll leave you to make this decision on your own.In short, this is in my opinion the best zombie game out there and you should buy it if you are new to the series. Hordes of zombies can be either terrifying or exhilarating to fight against depending on how prepared you are to face them. In between all the fighting there's managing your community, resources and characters. Sprinkled on top of all this is a great melee combat system and great gunplay. The story is what you make of it honestly, I found it adequate to keep my playing and motivated to finish the game but it isn't going to win awards. Some technical stuff below.Technical stuffGraphics: Decent looking. I had everything on the Max preset (there's the Ultra preset after Max) and the game looked beautiful at times. What really detracted from the experience was the game slowdowns as you moved from area to area. It almost felt like the game kept reloading assets of the upcoming parts of the map leading to some noticeable stutter.Sound: I liked how everything in this game sounded. Zombies whether aggressive or not sounded suitably dead and menacing. The guns sounded great, melee weapon effects were also pretty good. The ambiance came together very well for me."
,Recommended,329430,15713976,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,SkinkGamer,"This is a FANTASTIC game, one slight issue however. when I load it the game seems to move into the top corner making it difficult to navigate with a mouse... hoping they fix this issue"
76561198161864215,Recommended,329430,15719976,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,manunitedfan81,"Having never played SOD. I was looking through reviews to see what people thought about the game. And all the reviews are unanimous. I DONT WANNA PAY FOR THE SAME GAME I ALREADY HAVE! BLAH...BLAH.... I was wondering the whole time i was reading these reviews, why these people were writing them and for what reason.? I actually dont care what it costs as long as its good. After reading ten reviews, I am still wondering if the game is any good."
,Recommended,329430,15786547,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Attacker732,"Started out stronger than Gordon Freeman.  Broke 3 Crowbars & a Tire Iron in the first hour or so.10/10, but still could use more crowbars."
76561198046027159,Recommended,329430,15662983,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Scratch,"Summarized:Haven't played State of Decay before and have a love for zombie games?Buy it. Definitely worth it.Have played it before, have money to spend and like minor changes and tons of minor extra stuff?Buy it. Cause they've added a lot of new things.Have played it before while liking major overhauls or major changes?Then don't buy it. Nothing major has changed.[/b][/list]Review:I bought the original title without any of the dlc's 2 years ago and first played about 2 months ago.Then I saw that a newer, more well done version of the game was coming out.  After seeing the discount and thinking about how addicted I was to State of Decay I decided to buy it.Ifyou're new to State of Decay or you've played the original State of Decay without the DLC's and/or you love zombie games like I do, you'll definitely like this game and it's going to be worth it if you have the money for it. It may take a little bit of getting used to but it's such an elaborate and amazing game. If you've played the original without the dlc's, it wouldn't be a bad deal to buy it since it includes the DLC's.Ifyou're not new to the game.. It may feel like not much has changed at all OR it may feel like a lot has changed. I thinkthe texture overhaul, extra weapons, extra survivors, extra mission, extra combat mechanics, better UI and extra cars are awesome and enjoyable. Most of the game has indeed not changed, but those extra things really make it feel like it did to me.Ifyou want to see a State of Decay that has undergone major changes, you shouldn't buy it. Cause it hasn't."
,Recommended,329430,15732375,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,BUUMAHN,"its meh, many bugs since its new, but it includes new guns, characters and all dat stuff, its wurf 30 dollas since dey the original State of Decay is smexy. But if dey dont do updates, dis gem is a wreck"
76561198193072102,Recommended,329430,15670111,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,sammonsq1,Awesome game.  FPS drops dramatically when driving and even more so when your car is in the air.  Makes it very hard to drive and get places quicky.  Would recommend to anyone
,Recommended,329430,15735235,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,MeanBill,"Love the game in it's orginal form, even with the glitches and bugs. some stuff in this release is still glitchy and bugs me, but I still love the game.Of course a ""Year One"" rerelease isn't for people who poured dozens of hours into the first release. People need to calm down with the negativity and crapping all over Undead Labs over this game reboot.My only gripe is that I wish they'd fixed the mission timing/aquiring mechanic so players don't get bombarded with objectives so often with such short fuses and timers."
76561197972095987,Recommended,329430,15641434,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,JJ0,"An Excellent Upgrade to a game that has excellent re-playability.If you've never played State of Decay before but want a game that is huge in it's gameplay variations and open world area, with a true level of immersion, then this could be the game for you.Many of the Negative reviews are sadly the result of the sign of the times and many other games face this same sort of negativety. Much of the negativety is on the back of what people feel should be a freeby (no surprise there then) particularly for those who have the original version. Personally i don't see it that way, nor do i expect upgrades to be free  of charge either.So if you are new to the game and are interested in this upgraded version I can only suggest you do some research yourself. Best compare the feedback between the Original and this Yose version to see where the negativety comes from as it's not borne from the game per-se. The Publisher of the game is Microsoft, something often overlooked.Also the this Upgraded version has revised hardware recommendations - please do check them out or ask on the forums for help/feeback etc."
76561198024900332,Recommended,329430,15640352,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,A.I.,"The State of Decay: YOSE is an up-rezzed version of State of Decay. What you get in YOSE over the original is as follows:Base game and all DLC in one package.Edged Weapons now have a different basic attack animation to differentiate them from Blunt Weapons.CLEO Supply Drops that act as short events. They give you some weapons and supplies if you can collect them.The ""Unarmed"" kick has been replaced with a Knife. Fighting with a knife is more viable, but its still not as strong as actual weapons.A few new characters in the Breakdown ""Survival"" Mode.Up-rezzed textures and graphicsIts still the same great but slightly flawed game, with some minor tweaks and additions. The discounted price of reentry was worth it for me since I just so happened to feel like replaying the game anyway and I liked the new additions."
76561198081558583,Recommended,329430,15645713,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Swainuel1,"Many people buying this whom owned the previous game are giving negative reveiws simple because ""it doesn't have enough new stuff"" even after the devs said this was more angled towards new people.As a returning player I find this to be an improvment, albeit a slight one, over the origional. I find that it looks better and even runs better than the previous game. Many of the bugs from the previos game still exist but I've never experienced something in either game that 'breaks' it. Also I would like to point out that sometimes bugs are directly linked to the game engine and can't be fixed easily.I will also say that the new animations make me enjoy the experience more than the previous game and I find it to be well worth the twenty I paid for it.To new players: Buy this game its one of the best zombie survivals out there.To returning players: It's up to you wether the small improvments are worth it but at the very least don't be an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ about your reviews just cause it wasn't ""a whole new game""."
76561197967274641,Recommended,329430,15695194,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,danglyparts,Love this game but i have to agree it just feels like a really good patch. If you have the originals i would not bother unless you really won't miss twenty buck. That said if you have never tried the game and enjoy zombie/survival style games it is worth the price.
76561198061287685,Recommended,329430,26345633,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Vypr3n | FadedServers,"The Game Is Amazing!this is by far one of the only games where i can actually play in a zombie world and live in a colony sort of life, gameplay gives so much freedom and the building is so cool. i cannot wait for state of decay 2 as the story in this game is so good. and i cant wait to see what they find in the outside world, I feel sorry for the army guy though lol. but i highly recommend this game as it gives so much freedom and choices. you can build what you want. do what you want and think of doing what you want. the game is just so good it is one of my top favourites!"
76561198040899310,Recommended,329430,15791761,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,NeoPower,"After thinking and breaking my mind on it i decided to buy this game.A friend recomanded it, but the reviews and forums where mostly hate.Good thing people said that it might be a good game for newcommers and they were right!Since i didnt own the old game i dont know anything what happen with it in the past, but this version atleast was great to play. I Almost played it non-stop to be honest about it.Although the graphics are not perfect its still very much playeble and doesn't give a bother at all. The game can be buggy at times but it makes it that much better. I like the fact if you die you DIE, no comming back and you lost your person forever. The story mode was alrightish, the Life Line was fine and the BreakDown has been great so far because infinite playing plus it gets harder and harder.so to sum it up: For newcommers take the bad reviews with some salt since most of them are from players who played the old version. And im glad i bought it in the end <3"
,Recommended,329430,15719529,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,OldWorld,"Whilst a very obvious console port, if you can forgive the game for it's poorer aspects (melee combat doesn't feel completely fluid, zombies don't render well at distances, blurred textures, low dynamic shadow distance), you will have a blast. Big map, driveable vehicles, lots of items, customization, base/community building. Definitely worth the price in my opinion. Far from an 'AAA' title, but it has it's own charm.Pros:*Graphics are better than original release (albeit not significantly)**Seems better optimized than the original release (from what I've tested I'm getting pretty-much a solid 60fps on Ultra)***Very easy to mod (hordes of zombies, zombies do more damage, remove lit-up containers, remove zombie radar icons)****Mods for the original game work on YOSE too*****Map is a decent size******Breakdown especially is very fun, lots of different characters, difficulty increases*******An abundance of different items, weapons, levelling********Different zombie types, adds to the excitement/fear without being too far-fetchedCons:*No anti-aliasing**Assisted-aim with a controller can't be turned off***Lootable containers (wardrobes etc) glow white, which kills immersion. Google: No More X-Ray Eyes to disable****A hunger system would've been cool, but stamina forces you to eat which is an okay compromise*****Can be buggy, can't climb on certain objects, etc******I sometimes encounter a bug where if I die, and start a new character, a sound repeatedly replays which is incredibly irritating. Restart game to fix.7/10. Not the best game I've ever played, but worth it for a cheap price. I'd happily pay £20-$30 for it. Can definitely get a decent number of hours out of it. Just don't expect perfection."
,Recommended,329430,15677414,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,ReignUnleashed,Even though it lacks a multiplayer. its Still the greatest Zombiepocilipse game ever created
76561197963267755,Recommended,329430,15695344,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Drunk Zombie,"I purchases the original and both expansions as they were released.  All very fun games.  For me YOSE was worth it for the added content and to support an indie company making a great game.  If you don't have all three games than YOSE is a must buy.  If you already own all three, than you need to decide if the added content is worth it to you.  It may not be for everyone."
,Recommended,329430,15679520,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Pizza?,"So Steam decided to reset the store page while I was trying to write a serious, honest review with bulletpoints and♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'm not doing all that ♥♥♥♥ing work again so here's the script from the Monty Python Albatross skit,and a youtube link to the video. Have a moderate day.================(Cut to corner of cinema. A man in an ice-cream girl's uniform is standing in a spotlight with an ice-cream tray with an albatross on it.)Man: Albatross! Albatross! Albatross!(A customer approaches him.)Customer: Two choc-ices please.Man: I haven't got choc-ices. I only got the albatross. Albatross!Customer: What flavour is it?Man: It's a bird, innit? It's a bloody sea bird . .. it's not any bloody flavour. Albatross!Customer: Do you get wafers with it?Man: Course you don't get bloody wafers with it. Albatross!Customer: How much is it?Man: Ninepence.Customer: I'll have two please.Man: Gannet on a stick.(The camera zooms past back onto the screen. On screen appears another 'Intermission' sign.)First Voice Over: There will now be a very short...(The intermission sign explodes.)We now see a series on animated captions:'NOW SHOWING AT OTHER DANK CINEMAS''AT THE PORTNOY CINEMA PICCADILLY''WINNER OF THE GOLDEN PALM, TORREMOLINOS''RAINWEAR THROUGH THE AGES''COMING SOON''AT THE JODRELL CINEMA, COCKFOSTERS'Second Voice Over: The management regrets that it will not be showing a feature film this evening as it eats into the profits'(Cut to the Queen on horseback; first few bars of National Anthem. Cut to Customer sitting in cinema seat clutching albatross.)Customer: Well that's quite enough of that. And now a policeman near Rottingdeans ... Albatross!"
,Recommended,329430,15765205,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,TyAT,"There was a bit of debate and some doubt in my mind whether or not to get State of Decay: YOSE after reading a bunch of the reviews and seeing all the thumbs down. I have the older State of Decay and all the DLC for it already and I did enjoy that one greatly.I also had a few mods installed and I feel Yose adds what I already added in mods for the first State of Decay, which is a good thing. Now I don't have to add mods to get the experience I wanted with the first State of Decay. I like what they did with their zombie game, third person, having perma death, having to run a community of survivors the whole lot. I have gladly wasted many many hours. I certainly recommend the first one. If you are on the border about getting or not getting this. just go to youtube and watch a few videos and or reviews, find out with your own opinion about this game by seeing actual gameplay.After playing this one for a bit I have no problem recommending this one as well. Sure i've seen a few weird zombie glitches, maybe a zombie gets stuck or you hit C to dodge and he grabs you anyways or you swing and somehow he manages to hit you brushing off your hit as wind in his hair, not really game breaking in my opinion, makes your odds less and in my opinion more fun as I welcome the challenge of staying alive. I also noticed the zombies like to spawn pretty fast even though I dispatch a ton and feel the area should be clear they keep on coming in waves appearing from thin air right in front of me. But I don't mind Killing zombies, it's fun and gets your stats up.Most people say the game has frame drops, that it isn't optimized, the previous game ran smoother and it doesn't look better than the previous State of Decay, or it's not worth $20 for the ""exact"" same game. I have not had any of these problems. I don't know what hardware people are using. I am on a modern mid level gaming computer ($600), I have my game settings maxed out. It does run smoother, it looks better, I have no problem with any lighting or shading, everything renders fine, and there is no black border in full screen as I read in one or two reviews, I also saw that people don't like the load screens or the load screens take too long. I have not encountered a load screen that was longer than a few seconds 20 or 30 seconds if even that, at the most, besides those everything is pretty instant in my experience. All I can say about this is make sure your computer meets the requirements.Onto the $20 is too much. I like what the devs made as a game and I am willing to support them so they will continue to make more for this game, or more games in general, sure you could argue this should be DLC, there's not enough content to resell it at this price etc. I haven't gone through everything in the game and encountered every single bit just yet, but so far I have used the SUV, I have an SKS w/ 40mm grenade launcher, i've used the new melee weapons and the new character which has new animations. I like what I have seen and used so far and I have confidence I will like the rest of the game just as much if not more as I reintroduce myself to State of Decay.Conclusion: If you don't already have State of Decay and you like zombie games along with slight base and resource management, pick this up. If you want to upgrade and relive your older State of Decay adventures, pick this up.Review Update: 5/21/2015I would like to address the people who are ""stuck"" in windowed mode and have incorrect mouse coordination in game, simply hit alt+enter to go full screen and fix the mouse. Simple fix.Another thing almost everyone is complaining about the fact they are buying the ""same game"" and it's not updated enough to be worth buying again. Why is everyone so surprised when they buy it? Guess what? it IS the same game, it is remastered, aka they added slight improved graphics, textures, more weapons, characters etc. but it is still State of Decay. This is not a new game, it is not State of Decay 2. Just like when they patch an mmo. Same game with a little more than before the patch.I have not had any game breaking problems with bugs, glitches, or crashes as of yet. I played through the first two levels of breakdown and have not lost any survivors, heroes, vehicles, whatever to any bug or glitch. I have completed all my sieges and have not had any special zombies come through closed doors. No followers get stuck due to bad path finding, or die from bad path finding. I have used the incendiary shotguns and the knife fighting which are both really fun in my opinion. I have also encountered most if not all of the vehicle paint jobs and vehicle variants which I find sort of funny and nice to see at the same time. I like the new variety, but I feel some of the paint jobs are a little much, but still fun.I am still enjoying the game as I wrote in my first part of the review. and I still recommend the game if you have not owned the original or if you enjoyed the first and are buying it for a second time."
76561197971364693,Recommended,329430,15821645,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,harley-time,"Great game! The only complaint I have is having to listen to the repeated nagging from the girl that sits on her fanny talking on the radio.  It's virtually impossible to become friends with her and even though all you have to do is take a look at the map, she's right there nagging you about things that should be done.  I'd love to see a Mod that shuts her up at least half of the time she would normally be reminding you about something... lolThe new feature in ""Day One"" featuring the random supply drops is a great boost and a quest worth undertaking.  Unfortunately if you have a helper with you at the time, they will jump out of the vehicle when you approach the supply drop and run home leaving you there alone to fight off 20+ Zombies yourself.  I've never been able to kill them without using the vehicle as a weapon.  However, this updated version is one that will give someone that enjoys the game many hours of entertainment.  A ""Toast"" to the Programmers that updated this game, they did a great job!"
76561198079030274,Recommended,329430,16277147,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Vault Boy,"I bought this game with a grain of salt as there were literally ""mixed"" reviews on the page but I am surprisingly impressed. The original State of Decay (which I own and have played thoroughly) did have some performance issues even on good rigs, especially if the ultra setting was on but the Year One edition runs at a smooth 60FPS for me apart from some hitching when loading textures but this doesn't effect my experience.This is a good purchase especially if you haven't ever played the game but even if you own the original (more so if you haven't played any of the DLC's like me) I would still recommend this. Some of the reviews aren't correct from what I have experienced, this versions performance is much, much better than the previous one and it does look a little better but personally, I would purchase this edition purely for the performance boost.Overall, this is a brilliant game and also a brilliant edition to release, the only problem that I would raise is that the discount for previous owners could have been a little more, maybe 50% but oh well, it's still worth the money."
76561198085488093,Recommended,329430,16328390,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Belwas,"Doesn't have the graphics of some games, or the depth of others, but in IMO is the best zombie survival game currently available.Looking forward to what Undead Labs do next."
,Recommended,329430,15822770,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Aldo the Apache,"I'm going to preface this by saying that I did not own the game when it first came out. This is my first introduction to it and for the price it is phenomenal. I understand all the negative reviews and they are valid as ♥♥♥♥. But if you have never played this game, I would highly recommend you get this. I have become so emotionally attached to my characters that I have felt legitimate shock and sadness when they die. I've played 40 hours and am still on my first playthrough. I have been putting off main story missions and just messing around and looting. This game is awesome. It has its issues but overall I would definitely recommend this game to someone who hasn't played it and even remotely likes anything related to zombies, especially The Walking Dead. This game is the comic/show's close cousin and it fuses a bunch of great aspects of zombie culture and gaming into a ♥♥♥♥ing great experience.9/10P.S. Obviously if you already have played State of Decay, DON'T BUY THIS OR YOU WILL BE MAD. The developer really should have released a disclaimer because their sheisty business practices have really ♥♥♥♥ed up this game's reviews. It is excellent if you are new to State of Decay. Otherwise it's a total ♥♥♥♥ing ripoff."
76561198007491348,Recommended,329430,15595036,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,The Hudson Hawk,Worth it IF you have either never played the original or never bothered to get the xpacs. Graphically it's a huge step up but we've seen companies do this without putting a price tag on it. Everything else that has been added has been done to death by modders.If you already own the collection I'd reccomend holding off for a sale. You are basically paying $30 for improved resolution. If you've never played State Of Decay then this is definately worth every penny.
,Recommended,329430,15721182,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Disco,"State of Decay: Year One Survival Edition is an ""HD"" re-release of 2013's State of Decay, an open-world survival game very clearly inspired by the success of the Day Z mod for ARMA II. This version includes the two DLC game modes released for the original State of Decay and features improved graphics, making this the definitive version of the game.As of this writing there are many negative reviews for this new version focusing on the fact that there isn't any new content for players who already own the original State of Decay and its DLC. So first let me be clear: If you already own State of Decay and the DLC, there is nothing new for you here. However, for ""zombie survival"" fans who missed out on one of the best very games in the genre, YOSE is the definitive version and well worth the price. One need only look at thevery positivereviews for the original State of Decayto see a more honest and accurate representation of this game's merit."
,Recommended,329430,15714391,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Hotel Soap,"Short Answer: Fun Game, but is just an Improved State of DecayIf you bought the original State of Decay, Do Not Purchase This, at its full or current discounted price.While this game is fun and entertaining still, even introducing a few much appreciated tweaks and upgrades, I could not in good faith tell someone to rebuy this game.That being said, if you have NOT bought the original State of Decay this is a much better version of the game, being as how it's basically a full fledged game now. I can reccomend this game, but not without some honest criticism."
76561198256404876,Recommended,329430,33119727,Posted: 2 July,all,B-BIL,good game
76561197977012713,Not Recommended,329430,28489529,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,HK_Harvester_o-S,"I could take it or leave it, alot of the aspects of the game are fun and new but like any other open world it devolves into a giant grind."
76561198076035817,Recommended,329430,15868554,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,orbit9224,I nether got STD so i got this 1 as i always wanted it after i played the demo on the 360 and im having loads of fun playing it.I was going to get dayz but i river have a story line than just go around kill an take things.
,Recommended,329430,15986185,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Urufu-senpai,"Not very great remaster, except the 1080p resolution which is enough to hide the nasty pixels and make the game appealing to newcomers. Not quite for returning players, though."
76561198061503864,Recommended,329430,15935765,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,andydebeast,"Just as much fun as the original. For those who have a problem with freezing/extremely low frame rates, go to NVIDIA and manually update your drivers. I thought my drivers were up-to-date because I had them on automatic updates, but they were not. Solved my problem immediately. Great Fun!"
,Not Recommended,329430,26328992,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,A320VaporTrail,"I was hoping for a builder with base defenses and open world... this is more story driven and clearly made for console and ported over.  UI is not very user friendly comparded to other titles like Rust 7DTD...Fans of Story based games might enjoy this but I got bored pretty fast running the rail shooter type missions.IF your a fan boy of this game - no worries from me.  It just wasn't the itch I wanted to scratch.titles i liked but have played way to much lately for those looking 7DTD, subnatica"
76561198028880244,Recommended,329430,15724309,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Rascal Tippin  [☠],"it looks a lot better than the first one  and they added some new  cars , SUV , coupple of diffrent guns , fire shotgun rounds  that i have found so far    in Lifeline  they made it so the waves dont attack the bace till you get back  to bace  witch gives you a chance to do some looting  insted of rushing home just make sure to bring a buddy when you go out to cover your back  and last but not least  YOU CAN LOAD IN YOUR OLD GAMES and pick it right where you left off  so i set up one profile  as a continue and  one as a fresh start    there are some things they need to still work on  like lagging when your driving and swerve back and forth but all said im glad i bought the game twice all the people ♥♥♥♥♥ing becouse they had to buy it twice insted of an update it was $20 and you get the DLCs if you love the game like i do sack up and get it the more they make the more they will work on the game and hopfuly the co-op will come out♥♥♥♥♥♥i would pay $20 more to kill with my buddys"
76561198004309356,Recommended,329430,15639668,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Bender,It's a pretty fun game but it's just too difficult for me. Great for those who don't care if by the end of the story you don't have an original survivor.
,Recommended,329430,15648144,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,[DPM] Kreirravia,"Notice:Now understand before reading this two key facts: first and formost that I've only played 6 hours at the time of writing this. I will likely edit this review down the track if my opinion changes due to future gameplay. Secondly, that I have only invested $25 into State of Decay (paid $5 for the old one).IntroductionNow onto the review itself, state of decay is a zombie survival game. You play a community trying to survive in what ever ♥♥♥♥♥♥ walled building you can lay your hands on. The game itself is split into three gamemodes if you will: the main story, breakdown (loot the map and move onto a harder version of the map) and lifeline (I have played much of the last).GraphicsSimply put the visuals feel clearer and more polished then the original game. There are a few dodgy textures here and there that feel like temp/hold overs but with some luck undead labs or modders can fix them. Also now supports 1080p which is nice.GameplayGameplay is much the same, you'll get the same dialog as before and you'll likely ignore it now like you did the last 100 times. A few new guns have been added (least I've been told) and there seems to be a pre-order character you can play now.OverallI'm not going to go nito the debat about if this one's better then the original or not. State of Decay: YOSE is a HD remake of one of the best zombie survivals (most likelythebest one) that brings this two year old classic back from the dead (no pun intended =P).What remains to be seen is what Undead labs will do with this new version of their game? Will they add more content (hopefully co-op, not holding my breath there though)? or just leave this game to rot in gaming hell (ok, that one was intended :D)?"
,Recommended,329430,16212713,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Callipygos,State of Decay YOSE adds new content to an already great game
,Recommended,329430,16287915,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Taj,"By far one of my favorite games on Steam, allows you to build up a survivor community and thrive or fail, nothing feels better than getting that really useful Military survivor, or finding an assualt rifle, plus it caters to all kinds of scenarios, be it normal dudes trying to get by a la the vanilla game or Breakdown, or like a desperate last stand kind of situation as a soldier, a la Lifeline, although I have to give a shout out to Lifeline, just the atmosphere and the change up in terms of how you play is a credit to the Devs and how much love and effort they put into the game"
,Recommended,329430,15976246,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,The Great Spray And Pray,For those of you who love a good survival game this game is the game for you. 1 problem with this is the fact that its really just a small dlc pack with fixes that should have been added to the base game anyways but all around its a really fun game
76561198032632872,Recommended,329430,15657285,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,gr8rwarloc,"It is basically the old SoD with a new paint job, but they never claimed it was more than that.I have intel 4570 i5,8gb mem,gtx770 which is a better than recommended setup and a very standard setup as well.  The game crashes way more than the original.  It is not like you can save often either, because the game decides when it will save not you.  If they patch the game to make it more stable I will change my review to ""thumbs up"", but it's too unstable right now for me to recommend.*********5/2/2015  Changing review to *thumbs up*  Having no crashes today, I'm guessing the last patch made it more stable???  Anyway there are some new glitches over the old SoD, but they are still patching it so maybe at least some will get fixes, none of the glitches are that bad so far.I will update again if start having any crashes or problems again."
,Recommended,329430,15629578,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Psychotron77,"The game looks great and is fun. I like the feel and atmosphere.  Survive the zombie apocalypse and, build a small community with your fellow survivors. Go out, loot houses for food and guns.  If you like that kind of game then this is it.If you got the old SoD and are in doubts to buy this one. Then, i can't really help out.  I think it is a totally personal choice.I really liked the game and, i knew what i was getting. And the price was acceptable to me.Compared to the old version the graphics are better and, zombies look better. There are new car skins. Menu's look better.Unarmed combat is now replaced by knife combat.  Just to name a few things. There are some bugs but, i havent experienced any game breaking bugs.If you have never heard of State of Decay and this would be the first time you see the game. I would recommend checking out some more reviews and "" gameplay video's""  on youtube and then decide.Anyways this is just my opinion.  Im currently replaying the whole storyline again and, i like it."
,Not Recommended,329430,33156152,Posted: 2 July,all,Mazu,Didn't even have my resolution.w
,Not Recommended,329430,32741716,Posted: 24 June,all,Traslogan,"Game can't support resolutions as common as 1440p, years of graphical errors that devs won't explain or fix.You literally get a less playable version of the original game and then they removed the original to top it off.Stay away from this. Stay away from whatever cashgrab the sequel ends up being too."
76561197968017702,Recommended,329430,16223524,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Omega,"Read the pre release info. Decided to go ahead and get the game. Not a 100% bust, but it really needs fixes, as did the previous version. Glitches, unexpected vehicle, item, and general game issues cause me to lose more people from my community than anything else. Also, even after clearing buildings, icons still show as though something is there when the building is clear. Bonus Survivors no longer populate and the ""Saving"" feature will no longer turn off, causing lag every few seconds, making the game nearly unplayable. I waited until now to watch the forums and see what dev's do about any issues. To be honest, I have not seen much change. You got my money (twice). How about fixing the game issues and addressing the reasonable player questions?Overall, I do love the game for what it is intended - an open world Single Player Zombie Apocalypse World. A couple of things to make the game better -1. Multi-Player (at least LAN-Based) Of course if you add Lan, Online play is right there as well.2. Expansions outside of the Valley. Let's face it, Breakdown is by far the best of the three choices. Keep expanding the Valley. If I can play for hours, killing zombies, collecting supplies, and rescuing others, I think I can skirt around a few vehicles blocking the road to leave the Valley. Maybe add a Tow Truck so I can clear it? Just a thought.3. Dont hype up what you know has issues. Fix the issues, Beta Test them with players like me, then release when it is ready.4. Workout, Take your Vitamins, and Eat Right."
,Recommended,329430,16270617,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,CraneDrop,"Just starting a new game already impressed me. The new UI, the smooth framerates, the better lighting. Everything just wow."
,Recommended,329430,16132808,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,MetalHd,Great game!
,Recommended,329430,15634342,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Hybrid V,"It's a bit janky at times, with weird bugs, hit and miss voice acting, and even with the new update, the graphical fidelity is still leaving something to be desired.But behind it's rough exterior lies a well rounded singleplayer game that combines, survival, strategy and RPG elements with a dash of rougelike multi-character permadeath."
76561198000841435,Recommended,329430,15631976,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Silvir,"For the current prize if you want something a bit more casual to play for a time i recommend this game.But with a fair warning that you also need some casual patience with it's performance. It's a fair price i can't complain about that.here's why:Still got a bunch of bugs in it.Optimization leaves a bit to wish for. I have crashed twice, some serious pop in and stuttering issues when entering a new area or moving to fast in a car.It's not that good of a port. Controls and UI not to mention camera can at times be frustrating but you quickly get used to it.On average it's an okay zombie survival RPG it's not great by any means but it's heading in the right direction.And it's sort of meant to be played a little bit each day instead of sinking hours upon hours into it. This helps with keeping the patience to.Luckily if you want to spend some time on it there seems to be optimization mods around doing what the developers could not. And there is even some nice candy options to give it that nice PC master race standard looks."
,Recommended,329430,15657122,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,MusicIsLife,"So, as an owner of the original game, I was pretty excited to see the XOSE Day One Edition released. Then I saw all the negative reviews, and really didn't know what to think. All the improvements tehy made(https://forums.undeadlabs.com/threads/everything-we-know-about-state-of-decay-year-one-survival-edition.47074/)looked pretty cool, but the reviews were all pretty bad. I decided to buy it nonetheless, especially since I didn't own Lifeline, so I thought ""why not?""So here is what I think:All in all, if you're new to State of Decay, go buy the YOSE, it's great. On the otherhand, if you own the original and both DLC's, I'm not so sure. All I can say is, I didn't regret buying it, but I only owned one DLC before.Technical problems are still there, but all the small changes and improvement make it worthwhile for me. Game looks better to me, I get a lot less graphical glitches, I like the new unarmed knife mechanics, I noticed some ncie new animations, Gurubani Kaur is awesome, and the overall gameplay feels the same, if not better to me. Also: blood and gore looks better now. That's really cool. I don't know if its worth 20 € for you, but I most certainly don't regret buying YOSE.I hope this helps if your unsure.Best regards and have fun smashing zombieheads :)"
,Not Recommended,329430,32355743,Posted: 11 June,all,Xyratex,crap
76561198116622509,Recommended,329430,28139001,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,deanwatson136,Why is my game not working?
76561198159234561,Recommended,329430,28978829,Posted: 3 January,all,Teachdrawde,Where is negan ?
,Recommended,329430,15870682,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,APA.minds,If you liked the first game you will most certainly love this one. This is one of the top PC games when it comes to zombie survival. I had fun with this and will continue to have fun for many more hours. You can get 100s and 1000s of hours out of it. Note that this is not multiplayer if you are looking for multiplayer.All in all this game is a great zombie survival open world RPGs.
,Recommended,329430,15649902,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,light487,"One of the most enjoyable zombie games I've played in years. It ticks all the right boxes for me: RPG elements, multi-characters to play, visceral combat, zombies and tactics that make sense, open-world, survival on a large scale, decent story. There's so much to love about this game. Really easy to pick up and play. No frustrations so far other than a little pathfinding for AI characters but nothing that ruined my game yet."
76561197971823707,Recommended,329430,15662976,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,zRaw.,Its a great game even the second time around. I paid 10 bucks for the first one and 20 for this one. Considering the low investment of 30 dollars its more than worth the fun hours of gameplay. If you're to cheap to support a game you like then you're probably one of the morons thats created this free to play garbage thats all over the place today.
76561198294436005,Recommended,329430,26584313,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Daniel,hi
76561198038639483,Recommended,329430,15717962,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Luna Sakara,"I recoment this if you don't already have a PC or next gen version of the game.moving from 360 to YOSE on PC - worth it.read the negitive reviews all you wan't some of them bring very valid points - mostly if you already have the last version on steam you don't get much of an upgrade. a few items, and a generic hero.Still love the game overall - only bought it because I didn't have it on PC yet."
76561198072027162,Recommended,329430,15643428,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,russonc,"State of Decay is a great mix of 3rd person zombie action and survival role playing.   Play is fairly open as to how you go about doing things (slow, stealthy, fighting everything in sight, etc).   To me, it feels more like being in a real situation as compared to some of the ""action only"" zombie games out.  Graphics are good, I much prefer the lighting in the YOSE version compared to the original, much better for my old eyes...  There is some clipping at times, nothing worse than I've seen in other games and nothing that bothered me.  I've not had any crashes (except vehicles..hehe).I highly recommend State of Decay.   If you don't have any version yet, go with YOSE version.   If you have the original but not the DLC from the original, this is still a good deal  (if you haven't played it to death).  If you have the original and the DLC you won't get as much out of this version so it's kind of iffy.    For me, the graphics make it worth getting, but others may just mod the original and they could certainly pass on this version.Overall a SOD is a nice addition to the genre and I hope to see more from UL."
76561197999735498,Recommended,329430,15646501,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Belteshazzar,"In light of the bad reviews I've seen for this game, let me give a positive one.Disclaimer: I've only had a chance to play breakdown thus far, so I have no comments on the main game quest or on lifeline, but I expect like everything else they will be like the original.Summary:  If you enjoyed the original game, this version gives improved graphics and perhaps a tiny bit more gameplay stuff.  If you expected anything different than that, I don't know what to tell you.The game plays like the original game, because *gasp* it is the original game.  All that was promised was improved graphics and a few little tidbits to make the game more fun.  It's basically a textures overhaul mod you'd expect to see for Skyrim, except its official.I've heard complaints about the bugs, and all I can say is that they were neither better nor worse than the original game.  I'm guessing they were bugs that are driven by intricacies of the Cryengine version used be SOD, but that's just conjecture (it's all physics related and a few random crashes that honestly shouldn't happen, but I couldn't care less.)As for the improved graphics, I noticed a huge improvement.  Everything was far less dingy, and undead labs seriously toned up the lighting.  While I can sort of get the realism of not being able to see at night, I'm glad they fixed it because for me the game was virtually unplayable during 'night'; if you want to be unable to see for 50% of the game I would then of course recommend the original.They probably added new character traits, and definitely added new shirts and pants and hats.  This mixes up what sort of characters you will see and increases playability.  Similarly the vehicles were diversified and given new textures, which again makes for more replayability since there are more than 6 distinct cars in the valley.I did in fact notice the higher res textures.  The original was grainy as heck.  The menu and maps have been cleaned up significantly, which is really good.  I'm so glad they kept the physical journal interface (the game menus look like pages in a notebook) ====== very cool UI.  Plus you can now tell which item you have selected!In closing, the Year One edition is worth it if you liked the original game (or if you never played it, I suppose).  If you go in expecting a vastly different setting and feeling and a bug free game, then you'll be disappointed.Good luck, it's a brutal game."
76561198009764593,Recommended,329430,15603521,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,GuidoStomper,"Loving the game even more this time around. although it's basically the same. it looks more beautiful now smoother textures, lighting a little bit better fighting mechanics. i can see why some people could be upset because it doesn't have much more added. they basically added things from dlc over to different portions of the game we have a ton of new weapons and some skins on vehicles but i'm not upset or thinking i wasted my money. the $20 pricepoint from owning the original is very reasonable. and the $30 dollars still is also if you have never played the original. we will definitely get more dlc and they have never costed much from this company. they are trying to add more to the game but keeping the same game and putting on 360 would be a waste."
,Recommended,329430,15603805,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Joefisx20s,"I purchased the original State of Decay, and I have many hours on it.I pre-purchased this game, and was amazed to see that I had 33% of the price deducted from owning the previous game! I also received an awesome in-game character, special to only previous supporters of State of Decay!I have to start of with the STUNNING graphics. Somehow, these amazing graphics run on my computer (more like a toaster, but ya know what I mean) with very little lag.The gameplay is FAR, and I mean REALLY FAR, smoother. There is no glitches that I've found (yet), which is awesome. The game actually looks epic, and the gameplay is too. While my game was downloading, I was reading the reviews, and was not feeling to good. I started to regret buying it, but now that I've played it I know how full of dog turd some people are. Whether it's your first time joining the State of Decay or you're rejoining it from the previous game, this is WELL worth the 29.99 USD (or the 19.99 USD for returning players).I'm looking to enjoy hundreds of hours on this within a couple of months.If you are looking at this game and want it, DO NOT hesitate. It's amazing. You WILL NOT regret. There is one thing about that though, this game is not for people who only have 5 minutes of game play time a day and who want to be an OP 'boss' in 2 minutes. You can't buy premium stuff, only the DLC for 2 extra game modes (Well worth the money).This game WILL get boring over time. It did for me (with the original game, but it will with this one too), but I KEEP coming back for more. So the difference between this and your mom is...well...this one costs a few extra bucks! (It's just a joke, please take no offense).I will probably be updating this comment at least once to let you know over time if this game has changed (for better OR worse), enjoy!"
76561198258058040,Not Recommended,329430,33027858,Posted: 30 June,all,insane_robot,"Fun game, but HORRIBLE performances! My specs are above the recommended and still it runs really badly, low framerate, slow downs. Try driving when the game slows down and suddenly picks up in speed!"
76561198022640636,Not Recommended,329430,33470234,Posted: 11 July,all,Jamison,What a PoS. Nothing like I expected. Personally I would waste any $$ on this game.
76561198357748900,Not Recommended,329430,33838064,Posted: 27 July,all,TheLetsPlayer,I WANT MY ♥♥♥♥ING MONEY BACK THIS GAME IS JUST A ♥♥♥♥ING BLACK SCREEN.
76561197970526766,Recommended,329430,15606772,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Flacid Knight,"I have both this one and the old one and its much better than the old one. dont think i saw one frame drop, animations are smoother and more fluid. little details like seeing zombies walking inside a house from the water tower is now possible becuase of the increase in resolution."
,Recommended,329430,15613661,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Rusty,"I LOVE STATE OF DECAY SO THIS IS POSETIVE CRITIC!i would play the whole game allready but i crash every 7-10 minutes.please update this so it does not get bad reviews. (wich its allready getting)pros.+ it has a lot more gunz!!+ more missions+ 1080p and higher grapichs+ all the DLC included!+ better and nicer looking UI and better animations.+ and everything for 20$+ thanks for a new caracter btw! <3cons- Crashes every 10 minutes- a few bugs left- no multyplayer (yet)- same story!- some balance issues in breakdown- flashlight looks like jesus's light! too damn bright!!!final verdictA strong 7,9 by therustywolfpack!this is a must buy if you don't have the original.thanks for reading this is a good game trust me just give it some time..EDIT: 01.05.2015___12:2023 crashes in 3-4 hours... final verdict now 6,4 if it drops to five or less ill not recomend this game"
76561198156446688,Recommended,329430,15615902,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,vindolf2014,"State of Decay is a great game with a great concept. In the Day One Edition you get exactly what they promise: the game with all the dlc's and an improvement of the graphics and the animations. Obviously, if you didn't like the game in the first place, don't buy the YOSE Edition... because... well there is no coop, well maybe in the next game!"
76561198031903307,Recommended,329430,15708747,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Pha cops,"I read these recommendations and lament; that in a world where hours are measured in dollars, I've owed thousands to this series compared with what I bought.For two years I've played from Vanilla, to Breakdown, to Lifeline - sweeping the hordes on rusted-steel saddle, with a lasso burst from gunpowder, and a mania forged from clout. I've burned, I've savaged, I've salved, I've saved, I've cried, I've praised. It is the community by which we're raised. It is the loftiness of support, it is the understanding shoulder, the irrevokable lamplight in an otherwise sullied seam...You can play your other zombie games, with an endless struggle of manacled, aging reflex against a toe-tapping slumber party of shamble crumblies with a penchant for frame-skipping in your general, meandering, stumbling, blathering direction, or you can drop that market wholesale and quaff the star motes of an untapped dream.---You take that entire genre, you break it down, and make it drown, then throw it a lifeline. Strip away all the non-essentials and see it for what it is. You take away its pretty vestments, its mini skirts and tube tops and stone-washed jeans. You strip away what society has made it, you strip away the old, superfluous tools of survival in whatever culture's theme, from the drip of alchohol to the baker's creme.Crushing down all the trappings, enigmatically removing much, towards making whole.Peeling off its Grecian idealism, its mustered motion of messosoprano Machina (Deus Ex), of lights at ends of tunnels, of softly spoken ""It'll be alright.""You take the pseudonym you once knew, you make it real, you care for it kindly, you watch it grow. You slave and love and praise its wishes, you listen to its dreams, you fight you die you live you tell you lie - from the 13th canto do these mountains rise.Until in nonchalance it's bitten, dragged home, bleeding in your bed. You swallow your tongue crying, empathetic solution's liquefaction - seeping heartward, salting now-ephemeral human wounds.You stop.Strike out!Sweep the cliffs, sweep the shallows for some poultice, for some penitent panacea - an herb, a vial, a bottle, a philosophy - anything...everything...something.Each footstep first thundered, in passion, now's a noose, each footstep strung in heart sinew, stumble's pounds to bear, whimpers come in volley, tears trailing from trebuchets, splashing hard around the ears.Til each wail's a windlass - descending downwards with a knell...cranial crevasses calmly creeping, knowing naught is all's been found.This is your world, is your misery, is your mercy shot against your once-loved friend. This is horror...is honor...is triumph...is survival...is your mind's eye into this world."
76561198068425923,Not Recommended,329430,26367136,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Kyton19k,"This game should be retitled ""State of Frustration"". There may be some truth in it when people say that video games cause violence, because this game makes me want to punch a baby. I work in IT, so when I have trouble getting a video game to work properly on my beast of a machine, that means something. I hear it's not bad when you get it to work, but this is a buggy mess."
,Recommended,329430,15845159,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Zaal,"I've put a little bit of time into the new version of the game and I am quite happy. I'm a previous owner of the game and all the DLC and thought it would be a great opportunity to see some of the graphics in a higher resolution with more detail. After some tweaking and some strangeness with the way the game changes resolution, I now have a great looking game running at 60+ FPS.I had no problem spending $20 for the upgrade in graphics, the truck, survivor and weapons.  Great value for more high res fun.It's a shame so many others are disappointed with this upgrade. I really thought it would get a better bunch of traction. Unfortunately, many don't share my belief that value is perceived differently by different people. This, this right here is great value. Buy it.TL;DR: Buy this version of the game if you enjoyed the gameplay in the previous version or if you really enjoy slightly deeper zombie survival."
76561198007945431,Recommended,329430,15848521,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Boomerang,Really cool zombie apocalypse game.
76561198064518254,Recommended,329430,15841549,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,nyotis,"I understand why there are so many bad reviews for this game. But many of those ""bad reviews"" recommend purchasing this game if you have not played the original. I agree with them to purchase this addition.Pro:1. they have updated the User Interface. Not to say the original was bad, but it was too gritty, along with much of the graphics.2. They are still updating this game. That means It is just going to get better.3. They added new content, that doesn't include the pre-orders, the bonus of purchasing the game early or the bonus of having the original game.  They added new gear. and added some characters from the last DLC to the second DLC.Cons:1. they do have some glitches and bugs. I encountered much of them, but what makes it better is all the fun they are, much like skyrim. They are not game breaking glitches, they are just something that make you laugh. Like for example I had someone floating while sitting down. or had a zombie fly against the ground against it's back.2. I do admit that the graphics may not be as advertised, but it is still much better than the first game. the opening background is much cleaner and more interesting then the first.3. there was one glitch that I did encounter that was rather upsetting, but upon further review I realized I may have caused the glitch and it can be avoided. I began a mission and then immediately I started another action (searching a cupboard) that made it impossible to finish the mission. I just simply restarted and it came right back before I started the mission once again.Overall, if this game seems appealing, or at least the first one did and you are thinking about buying this game. I would recommend it. I already put around 25-40 hours into this game in a week and I am still enjoying it. I just cannot get enough from this game."
76561198001792223,Recommended,329430,15691393,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Fawge,First of all i loved the original State of Decay.When i bought YOSE i was psyched and ready to get into the other DLC's however i was a bit hesitant after reading all of the other negative reviewes about it.All i can say after spending the time i have with it is that it has never felt or looked better to me personally. It runs fine and i am yet to see a glitch.Also being a SoD vet i was playing as Marcus thinking i've already seen and done it all. Help the Wilkersons and on my way back to town scavenge a house - get ambushed by a feral and am stuck in a doorway with another zombie. Marcus gets pulled in half. LOVE STATE OF DECAY.
,Not Recommended,329430,35139979,Posted: 22 September,all,Collider,"game launches in a tiny slit of a window to the left of my screen, goes black and plays a song. Nothing else happens. GG"
76561198023588258,Recommended,329430,15602320,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Xeno,"A lot of people are knocking this edition because it is essentially a polished version of the original.  While yes that is true but completely overhauling the textures on a game is I am sure not easy.  The more polished look goes a long way to making the game a lot more fun.  Everything is clearer the characters models look better, and overall the entire experience is much smoother.    In the previous version the lighting was terrible at times especially around dusk and sunrise, this new version makes me feel like someone turned on the lights.Myself I was happy to pay 20 bucks for the new version and I am excited to try out the rest of the new content."
,Recommended,329430,15627973,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Kevlar3000,"State of Decay: Year One is basically a repolished version of the original with some new cars and guns. There is nothing wrong with that. It is marketed as a remastered version and it is. It has nice graphics that run well, less glitches than the original, and some new content. If you don't have or never played the original I implore you to get this fantastic game. It is the single greatest zombie game on the Steam market right now. If you do have the original then there really is no reason to get this one unless if you're a die hard fan like me."
76561198151924381,Recommended,329430,15605379,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Nasty Dealer,Sweet. You can still walk through doors :)
76561198203040156,Recommended,329430,15613052,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,mikejazz3,"I didnt have SOD, so i bought SOD YOSE..ive enjoyed it so far...i can understand the frustration and anger by other gamers who should have gotten this as a patch.i fully support them and do believe that the discount they were getting to purchase this game was unfair.However, i am about 4 hours into the game,,, it is fun,, music is good, and it does work at 1080ii recommend the gamebut i will not be happy if they try to repackage this and sell it again...good game,but microsoft should do good towards their loyal follwers of this game...i recommend it you are new to state of decay"
76561197971733456,Recommended,329430,15609911,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,DRAW,"EXACTLY as advertised! Same game, all the DLC with better graphics. I love it and I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,329430,22816704,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Kurogami,Fun.
76561197992029972,Recommended,329430,15970797,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,︻芫══---   ✠ ShadowMerc,This game runs great no crashes no errors no zombies bouncing through walls love the new improvements and this game well worth the 20 bucks you could of paid for some some early access that will never be completed everyone needs to calm down.
,Not Recommended,329430,29909917,Posted: 13 February,all,Jackson Evans,Horrible game.they got great ideas but the fact that i dont play hardcore mode and am unable to restart rescue missions with survivors who died staying death i can say that i am pretty much done with this game. on pc and xbox.
,Recommended,329430,20456693,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Cadbury Duck,10/10 P E N I S
76561197988562209,Recommended,329430,25047629,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Laiziras,"Best zombie survival game out right now, if you enjoy playing games youll like this one because it is a game"
,Recommended,329430,15900045,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,FarmerHarvey,"Fair play there are some issues, but honestly there aren't that many games out there without them. Everyone who thinks they're someone is but-sore because of few bugs, for me personally it doesn't take away from the fact that its a brilliant game. There is no other game like this, the detail and thought behind the game and the way you choose to play it for me makes it the best post apocalyptic survival game out there. Well worth your money, and I fully support the developers.However why they chose not to include multiplayer confuses me, they shot themselves in the foot with that one, im sure the game would be far more popular with it included."
,Recommended,329430,15649675,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,TheYKGames,Don't listen to negative reviews the game is very nice and fun if you don't own the orginal copy of the game you have to buy thins one it also comes with DLC packs and thats pretty cool
76561197970716397,Recommended,329430,15611294,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Cent3rMan Sky3,State of Decay Year One Survival Edition is the most enjoyable single player end of the world Zombie game available. Period. Part simulation and all action the game looks good and the Gore is very abundant. The controls are quick and responsive and the fear of character permadeath keeps you on your toes. There is a bit of clipping and a few isolated graphical bugs that some people cry and complain about but these do not stop or distract from the immersion or enjoyment of the game in any way. I owned it first on my Xbox360 and then purchased it for my computer. Don't listen to the fussy detractors. They are nit-picking and looking for things to criticize in this good quality budget game. If you think you'll enjoy a captivating open world head popping Zombie smashing simulation then State of Decay might be your game. For me it's a 9.5 out of 10.Intel i7-4770K @3.50GHz16GB RamWindows 10 ProGeForce GTX 970 (x2)
76561198022257816,Recommended,329430,15620159,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Rebel_Red,"As somone who didn't buy the original SOD this game has ben great fun. There ae some problems with it for sure, such as lackluster environment textures and the controls aren't as responsive as I would like. But even with the problems the game as whole makes for an enjoyable addictive experience.I will be intrested to see what Undead Labs can create with major funding if this is what they can do with an indy budget.-ProsAddictive gameplayEmotional attachment to characters.Large expansive area to explore.-ConsLackluster texturesControls are a little clunkyClipping issues while fighting zombiesThere is a lot of hate at the moment from people who feel cheated about the original game not just being patched and having to buy the game again. I wont get my hands dirty with the argument of wether it was right or wrong. I will say that if you havent played the game at all then go for it. If you have the original then it sounds like it may not be worth your money for the small changes made."
76561198055162593,Recommended,329430,15600423,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Ashisarai Yashiki,Great game worth giving a look. Lots of different gameplay options and deep zombie survival. The only thing it's missing is multiplayer. Long time player of the original game.
76561198094046177,Recommended,329430,15747454,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,deez nuts,♥♥♥♥ yeah theres fire shotgun amo
,Recommended,329430,15857700,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Drunk3n_Axel,"One of the best survival zombie game I've ever played.  Fun and addicting. Buy this only if you never played it like me.  Its worth it.  But if you own it, maybe give it a pass unless you REALLY love it like someone I know :)I did not encountered any game breaking bugs.  Max resolution is 1080P, so if you looking to play anything higher, need some cfg tweaking like I did.  The sounds effects for this game is excellent.  From the slashing to the bashing of zombie, all add weight to them.  The DLC does add many more hours to the life of the game.  Are they fun? yes I had many hours of fun and I  never buy DLC.  This just comes with it.overall excellent zombie game Must buy if you never own original.  Here comes the downvote haters."
,Recommended,329430,15937571,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Rataphract,"There's been some remarkable customer backlash over this being 'the same thing as before'. Well. State of Decay is a great game. This, right here, is a new edition of a great game. There aren't too many changes - this is, after all, a very slight upgrade which is primarily to make State of Decay available to X-Box One owners. On PC, the changes aren't too obvious, but there's a different engine running things in the background. There's a new knife-wielding mechanic for characters without weapons. There are new bits and bobs in various game modes, but again, they're marginal - new heroes, some bits of hardware from DLC being offered across all game mods, that kind of thing.The 'consumer revolt' is entirely out of proportion with what this is, and with what this is advertised as. It's State of Decay running on an updated engine - same game, significantly different back-end... but it's the same game.And it's a really, really good game. I bought it as an excuse to replay it, and I'm enjoying it. I think the developers did a pretty good job."
,Recommended,329430,15598851,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,☢☣Hello»Everyone☣☢,"So far for me it is worth it. I did not have the DLC from the first game. So this for 20 was worth it. I get the DLC and the full game redone. If you have all the DLC's I would wait. But, if you don't grab it so far it is fun, and worth it to me. Or if you want to wait for it to be on a sale. Because we know these all go down in price. While if you don't own the first one at all. You should really play it if you like GTA style games and zambies. This game is pretty much that. And you can replay it as many times as you want."
,Recommended,329430,15610296,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Rangerlump,"Great game. If you dont think the listed updates warrant the price then don't buy. On its own, I think the game is amazing and a blast to play."
,Recommended,329430,15612111,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,[RCF]HAWK,"don't ever write reviews. This will be short and sweet. I have played alot of zombie games, this one is very unique.. worth the 32 bucks.  buy it now!!"
,Recommended,329430,15610269,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Simonx30x,"Quick review of State of Decay Year One Edition. First off I played a bunch of the original on XBOX 360 then later picked it up for Steam. In comparison YOE looks WAY nicer then the original! Cleaner textures, brighter and more vibrant. Also the FPS are leaps and bounds better then the original. I get an almost constant 60 FPS on my Alienware Alpha (i7 - 8GB version). This will be the third time I have bought this title and honestly it is worth every penny for the upgrade. Don't listen to the haters and pick it up!"
76561197989496519,Recommended,329430,15624591,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Towser,Dislike this review if you touch children in their naughty places.
,Recommended,329430,15615611,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Prince of Eros,"While I do agree that this is how the PC release should have been to begin with, I'm not going give a negative review based on that fact as it would be petty.Because the truth is, if you've never played this game or you own the original, I'd recommend it nonetheless.  Its the only real single-player driven zombie survival experience you're really going to find that delivers on the survival front AND gives you some interaction with the world itself in the form of other NPC survivors.While I've played 7 Days to Die (and I do recommend that game) and Project Zomboid (another great game but it still has a long way to go) and a few others, I found myself playing this one out of the batch the most.  Mostly because the worlds in those games are...well, empty currently, though I intend to revisit them when NPCs survivors are added.While the world itself is solid and interactions with it are limited (you can board up houses, establish outposts, rescue other survivors but you can't say, build an entirely new building from the ground up) it delivered what I had hoped and that was a zombie experience with some drive beyond, ""I'm going to go on and on and on..."" because while survival is fun, it is not inherently interesting if that is all you're doing (in a virtual space, mind you).Plus, the game gets downright difficult as time progresses; there are some serious heavy weight zombies that you don't even want to run into while you're driving a vehicle.  Your insurance won't cover it, trust me.TL;DRDay Z (can't blame you, its a long♥♥♥♥♥deathmatch not a zombie survival game) not your thing but you want a zombie focused survival game? Pick it up.Already own it? Pick it up on sale because the fix to the draw distance, graphical tuning are good but not worth the full price if you already own the original and all the expansion packs.  I agree with the notion that this is how it should have been to begin with but I disagree that the developers should be ""punished"" for that, especially since they were primarily focused on a console released way back when."
76561197970469558,Recommended,329430,16318441,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,DRUNKR2D2,Damn you State of Decay zombies for financially sodomizing like this. Damn you to hell.10/10 would get financially sodomized by State of Decay zombies again
,Recommended,329430,16374807,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,{CeG}YipTic_real,really fun multiple game storys its really good in game and the ui is boss!
,Recommended,329430,15628621,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Colinz,"If you liked State of Decay, you're gonna love State of Decay."
76561198088103020,Recommended,329430,15616603,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,JunMeowMing,"Despite this game having a lot of negative comments, I still find this game entertaining despite the fact that it shows little to none added gameplay. The graphics are great but it doesn't complement the totality of the game. I hope Undead Labs would at least add a few more gameplays or at least expand the map on Breakdown or even add a multiplayer/co-op mode in this game. I'll still recommend this for those who are new and are in to survival sandbox rpg zombie game."
76561198044191171,Recommended,329430,15601959,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Deathbringer,"I am going to make a positive review for the new players and just because I love this game so much. First: if your new to state of decay then I highly recomend this game to you it's a good deal for what your getting. but for us old players your basically paying for the same game just a slightly updated version and a few new mechanics so I can't really recomend this for returning players the new things they added are nice sure but not enough to pay 20$ again, and they havn't fixed old bugs infact I found a few new ones I do prefer this version to the original I just wish I didn't have to pay for it. Like I said if you are new to SoD then I highly recomend this to you, but for old players I wouldn't really bother with this unless you want to support the game."
76561198007236904,Recommended,329430,15603830,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,ken.lakes,"This game is what they say it is.... A remastered game with far better graphics. This is an independant studio which developed a unique product to fill a niche in the market. When they achieived great success because of the design of the product, they made money.Still independent, they elected to redo their game with better graphics. They still aren't a massive company with huge budgets, but they do care enough about their creation to want to do it right.This game is the the same unique design which the first released, but with a far better framework than what they had the capabilities of releasing before because of money.Support indy developers who buck huge companies and purchase games which are focused on enjoyment, not making piles of money.FYI, the framework is far better, so now they can release additional dlc to add lots of new content (something they very successfully did with the original.....I can't wait."
,Recommended,329430,15606123,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Hagal,"I find all these negative reviews a bit unfair and misleading for the game and for new players as almost everyone base their negative review on faultered/not reached hopes and hypes. If we are to review ONLY the new parts of the game, then it's one thing. But if we are to review this as a whole game, for new and unaware players, then all this criticism are misplaced. Therefore these negative reviews is a shot to the head on a really great game.If you are new to this game and you like the Zombie/survival genre, then this is (in my opinion) one of (if not THE) the best game there is to date. You get to survive/live in a pretty realistic interpretation of a post-apocalyptic zombie-virus outbreak. Vehicles, basebuilding, team-management, permadeath and scavaging. Done in a really genial way. Even with some RPG elements!What needs to be fixed is the framrate/optimization issue. When travelling by car the game does not run very well, a problem I never had with the original. And a very personal opinion of mine, as I understand the hordes (maybe zombie overall) spawnrate has been increased. One of the (by me) strongest sides of SoD compared to other games in the same genre is that there is peaks of intensity. Your not overun 24/7, the world can seem silent and peaceful one minute and then hell breaks loose the next. I really hope it will stay that way.So. If your into the Zombie/survival genre, for the survival ideas, this is a ♥♥♥♥ing awesome game and worth every penny! Can't wait for the sequel!"
76561198035176598,Recommended,329430,15619546,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Raham Sesser,"I already owned the original game, but not the dlc's so year one edition was actually cheaper for me than buying the dlc's for the older version. All in all i saved money and got better graphics so win win."
76561198165303658,Recommended,329430,15642398,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,goblinslayer456,"Okay first off people hate it because its pretty much a remake of the original game, which it is and it's still fun so if you don't already own state of decay buy this one its still good, its more smooth and graphic then the original. however if you own state of decay then you will just be buying the same game twice. i recommend it, best zombie survival game i have ever played."
76561198016760886,Recommended,329430,15651796,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,DesertPunk,"I like the game so far, and it's really fun to play but has♥♥♥♥♥♥loads of buggs and things that needs to be fixed. I would buy it again and I do give it a thumbs up and the advice to buy it. Yet I giver even a bigger advice to the devs to move their fat♥♥♥♥♥and fix a lot of buggs that make the game worst then it is!"
76561198026541625,Recommended,329430,15643928,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,millinescence,"First impressions:When I got the game, I expected the game to play like GTA and Project Zomboid had a baby. Instead it felt more like Dead Rising and Saints Row had a baby. The graphics are similar, and the car controls are about just as clunky when it came to sticky acceleration and steering delayed by milliseconds.As far as I know, you can't loot the occasional weapon from a zombie (police/security zombie/randomly armed civilian). You have to search boxes within structures for loot instead. I don't own the original game because I got this one by mistake (I meant to get the first game), but it still plays great despite it's quirks. Not to mention killing the zombies feels great. I'm on the fence about recommending State of Decay: Year One to anybody else, but if others say the first game is better, I can't argue with it since I don't know.I'll see about editing this reveiw with an update later once I've completed the game."
76561198072028664,Recommended,329430,15629812,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,katsuragi,Got jumped by 2 ferals at the same time in a living room while looting during breakdown 1 (which is essentially easy dif).Kicked one off of me and rolled as the other tried to tag team jump me then I jumped out a window a flipped a grenade back the way I just came.Would carry grenades again.10/10
,Recommended,329430,15625410,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Druscylla,"So first off, I'm not kibitzing about the YOSE - I have both the original and the remastered as it's kind of like the GoTY edition - those aren't given out to original purchasers either so I personally don't see the issue. I've played the hell out of this game and I love it even with its flaws.The game looks nice. Maybe not 2015 Assassin's Creed, Witcher 3, Dragon Age Inquisition, etc. nice but it's not terrible. The effects are overall better and I enjoy the new look a lot. Unfortunately the textures break a lot and flatten out to look very low-res.Cars handle better. Now that being said, they still handle really wonky at times. Car drives beautifully for a while and then you hit a small pebble or stick and car shoots into the air, slingshotting my character into a swan dive. Sometimes it does this for no reason at all. Textures on the cars break when my character is in them. Going from decent to low-res the second my character climbs in and sits down. There is no reason why a car sitting still should develop a case of the blurries. I do like the new vehicles UL added, they give the game a bit more variety and flavor.Some pathing has improved. Some hasn't. I still get stuck on curbs and sandboxes and anything that is ankle height. I think my characters must all have weak ankles and thus have developed a fear of short objects.Game difficulty seems cranked to 11. I started over instead of importing my save and opened up Breakdown lvl 1 (I prefer Breakdown to story TBH) and I was getting swarmed constantly. I lost one guy to a feral which is totally something that happens but a lot of survivors are getting mauled by packs of two and three zombies who glitch through doors and seem to hit like they migrated from a much higher difficulty. And OMG HORDES. Upon starting my game and moving into the Alamo, 6 hordes spawned. And each time there is a horde announcement, there are between 7 and 8 hordes. Half of these will almost instantly infest a house. It's kind of daffy.Overall however, I feel this game is still wonderful. I do wish there were more features added - more home base sites, perhaps city access like when you choose to move on in Breakdown you could wind up in a Breakdown version of the city instead of the valley - more base-building freedom (Seriously. I'm looking at all this negative space in my bases wondering WTH I can't plop a garden planter here or more beds there..) and maybe a toggle on mission frequency. (STHU LILY. I'M BUSY!) But it's still a terrific game overall and I love it just as much as I did when I first played it."
76561198057726223,Recommended,329430,15620627,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Odande,"Don't really post reviews, but god dang there's so many negative reviews!Alright first things first (I'm the...sorry) is that YES THIS IS JUST THE ORIGINAL GAME WITH MINOR CHANGES. They literally listed what was actually new. If you didn't take the time to read, that's your own fault! Yes, the graphics aren't that much improved (I guess? This game looks great to me.). But I mean, cmo'n. Why would you even bother dropping $30 on updated graphics if you already own the base game? Don't crap all over this  game because of your not-well though out choices.Anyway... this game is great. I say buy it if you don't have the original. If you do, I guess don't bother if you're overly sensitive since you're not getting that much more content."
76561198078329295,Recommended,329430,15603091,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,lsazxy,"This is a interesting game, but got difficulty to understand all English. If I can know all information, probably would feel more fun with this game. I hope your office can consider that to tanslate it into Chinese, we brought offical edition, we prefor to play it in our own language. Thank you guys."
,Recommended,329430,15919266,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Polaris,"I love it, loved the first one, pretty much a reskin with a few bug fixes and new weapons, love it though <3"
,Not Recommended,329430,31740768,Posted: 13 May,all,LordOfGuzzle,God help you if you set your resolution higher than what you have
76561198071776533,Recommended,329430,15604279,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Trouser_Dune_Worm,"People new to this game are going to love it.MOST people who have played it for hundreds of hours are going to cry and moan, because they expect too much for a remaster they have to pay for.None the less, its still a great game."
76561198067556154,Recommended,329430,15625303,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,nashathedog,"This game is getting negative votes for the wrong reasons,I owned the original on PC but did not play it much as it did not feel that good,I took a risk and bought it again hoping tweaks like the new anims would improve the experience and they do.I'm enjoying it this time, Okay it's the same story but there was never any claim it wouldn't be.It is a polished version just like what they did with the Metro 2033 Redux game.If you already own State of decay and played through it this is probably not for you but if you have not played it or if like me you gave up on it the first time around due to the PC originals shortcomings then you may be pleasantly surprised,The tweaks may be subtle but there overall effect is anything but.I'm enjoying myself which is what matters.8/10"
,Recommended,329430,15608450,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Sav,"it's the only zombie game I have liked since this zombie boom started.it put emphasis on survival and supplies rather than killing hordes.it still had it's issues, like hordes still existing but overall it is pretty decent."
76561198345165756,Not Recommended,329430,28230010,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Kink_SunnyD,i thought id like it like i like zombie games but this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥to mch money for it its probaly good but fom what iv played i dont like it
,Not Recommended,329430,31983550,Posted: 26 May,all,rush b p90,"To all who consider buying this during sale: just don't buy this game. My PC is Win 10 and supports DX11 and compatiable with recent 3A games, somehow I just cannot start this game. I got a black screen and nothing showed anymore. Looking through forums I still cannot find a solution. The ponit is that I don't pay to be a software analyst or technical support, so screw u up undead labs. Why u cannot solve this simple bug?"
76561197967961960,Recommended,329430,15616166,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Zarrick,"From someone who has played the original SoD on 360, PC and the DLC. A majority of the negative comments are going to be from people holding grudges against Undead Labs for a ""paid upgrade"". Something people do not realize is nobody is holding a gun to your head, dont want to pay for this edition, then don't buy it, its that simple.With that said, in terms of graphical improvements, from the original PC edition it is crisper and smoother lines all around, not enough to be called a full HD remaster (IMO) but decent enough from where it came from. The gameplay is still a bit rough around the edges and zombies still bug out (gametime only 20 minutes and I saw 1 stuck in ground and another in a tree). The sound from what I heard is cleaner and the control input is smooth with no input lag (I use 360 controller).Overall I would recommend this game to someone who has never played SoD before. The people who have bought the original can probably bypass this version as your not getting much of an upgrade."
,Recommended,329430,15598765,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Spo0kzilla,It's great.
,Not Recommended,329430,29046445,Posted: 5 January,all,Wyatt-head79,sucks butt
,Not Recommended,329430,28891087,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,crasy pupy dog !!!,"When you buy a game because the tags literally say it's multiplayer, but when you spend 15 dollars on the game, as it turns out, it isn't multiplayer and they basically scammed me and my friend.So overall, I'd give this game a 7.5/10. It could be better, but it's lacking abit. See me in my next review! :)"
,Recommended,329430,15626709,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Sylveonica,Yose of DecaySearch-Take and Trade Edition
,Recommended,329430,15630528,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Nubsauce,"If you havent played SoD before, get this. If you have, Get this. Same game, added effects, missions, characters, items, etc.Idk what all the complaining is about. I am experiencing none of the bugs everyone is crying about and my FPS is sitting at 300....on a 7970...So no issues there. As far as the graphical changes go, i notice a few little things here or there, but its no DayZ or Arma3. Also, for you nVidia users, you can activate special effects via nvidia control panel to get increased effects out of this revamp. So for future ref, dont zero-bomb a game thats only 20 bucks if you're playing on a potatoe or dont know how to configure a game on your own. Once again, I have noticed ZERO bugs and ZERO FPS loss. Maybe verify youre cashe."
76561198171641799,Recommended,329430,15600374,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Aesma,"honestly i think the game is a good purchase even if you already have it,  the price is decent. i like that you can recollect the trophies plus having some new ones.my only issue at the moment is some slight graphic issues where you cant see the zombies attacking the houses.but over all good game and  good content ^_^"
76561198129421442,Not Recommended,329430,23565880,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Rainbow Death,guess what more paided updates are coming in other woards state of decay 2 cant wait to waste more money to play coop at least thats somthing good unlike this
76561198094713228,Not Recommended,329430,26423358,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,DoorSlap,NO 21:9 support and the game looks like crap. Had it on xbox and thought it was fun. Get the game if you play 16:9 but if not do not waste your money!
,Not Recommended,329430,29537952,Posted: 28 January,all,Gangsta Granny 🔫,They copyed all the zomibe's from left 4 dead 2 the good 1's like boomer BUT they justed changed the name and the way they look
,Recommended,329430,33113451,Posted: 1 July,all,upstanding black citizen,prety gud
,Not Recommended,329430,25975728,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Ankido,"I've had this game for so long and I never gave a review.  Here we go.Let's just say the first impression of SoD is addictive.  I remember getting this game on the xbox for like $10.  I played it and had to leave the next few days to Canada on a business trip.  I kid you not, I couldn't wait to come home and play.  Then the game was released for PC.  WHOAAAAA!!!  I just had to get it.  Need I remind you, I never finished the game on the xbox.Here I am running around building base and gathering resources.  Man the game is so much fun.  I'm following the missions and storyline just having a blast.  BAM!  Game over!  I win!  WTF!!!!!  The shortest game you'll ever play in your life without warning.  I felt like I was ripped off.  I thought this was a survival game.  Turns out it's a small tiny map and the game ends right when you setup your second base.  Total rip off.  SoD 2 I will not be buying because I don't trust this company nor do I support them.  Purchase at your own will."
,Recommended,329430,15606456,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Jamie,"*starts off* ""wow I love marcus he is a great zombie killer, he can survive so much3 hours later*falls off cliff and dies""marcus is♥♥♥♥♥♥would fall again"
,Recommended,329430,15593624,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Neith,"YOSE isState of Decay's GOTY.  And it is a damn good one.PROs:+Butter-smooth framerate and animations+Crisp graphics.  Textures are far less muddier than the original.  The world is more vibrant+UI looks cleaner+New unarmed knife combat is pretty slick+The mods I had installed have worked right away (though icons need to be edited)+Literally picked up in my Breakdown game exactly where I left off in the originalCONs:-Zombies still pop in.  Not a con for me, but worth noting for others-Still can't use the Court House as a Home!  In fact, I don't think any new potential homes were added-Still can't put a rucsac in the bed of a truck without a modTL:DERRRRRR- A great game made better.  If you're not burnt out on SoD, there is no reason not to own this iteration of it.  It does not feel like a completely different game, but it does feel like the original greatly enhanced, which was what this iteration was aiming for.  For an XBLA title, this game is really freakin' sweet."
,Recommended,329430,15624983,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,[FLOT] Frawley6,this game has most of what it needs to be a truly great zombie game.two things that are missing is co-op and a much bigger map. i would say 2-3 times its current size for co-op
,Recommended,329430,15598908,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Kaeru,"If you played the first game then you know what to expect. This is just a bigger, prettier version!"
76561198010784374,Recommended,329430,15604795,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Mog,"I had to write my first serious review just for this game,first of all i have to say most of the negative reviews on here are not even about the game or from someone who has not played.The devs delivered everything they said they was going to with this release.The textures and graphics are a big improvement over the original,the animations and gameplay have been improved as well.all the extra stuff they said they was putting in ARE in the game and so far i have not had a single bug take place.Now all the negative reviews on here are from people who are very upset they have to pay money for this release, and have started a bash attack because of it! all that is is just a bunch of misinformed people that have thrown a major fit over how the devs released this copy! So to get right down to it, as it IS yes it's a major improvement and worth the 30 bucks if you have never owned the original...is it worth the 20 bucks if you did own the original? i would say no wait for a decrease to 10 if 20 is to much for you."
,Not Recommended,329430,19255947,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,TheVIKINGgamer99,688888868666686888888868666866866666686666868666666686686668666666866668686666666868666688886668666686866666668866666866666686666868666666686866668666666866668686666666866866686666668888886888888868666866666666666666666666666666666668666668688888686668666666666668666866866686866686666666666668686668666868666866666666666668666686668686668666666666666686666866686866686666666666666866668888868888866666666666666666666666666666666666666Step 1: Highlight all numbers.Step 2: Click ctrl F.Step 3: Click 8 once.Step 4: You'll see what it says.
,Not Recommended,329430,34360177,Posted: 19 August,all,Count Squilliam Spookyson,Saints Row: Zombies
,Not Recommended,329430,20911041,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,"Hello, i am Terrorist",i have to be a ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,329430,15796176,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Domino,"The sheer amount of entitlement and butthurt surrounding this game is more entertaining than the game itself.10/10 would browse the forums again, and again, and again. Go and downvote this review, you're only proving my point <3Double points for coupling it with passive-aggressive comments! Give me all your rage."
,Recommended,329430,15593786,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,illage2,"A good game and a better PC port than the original State of Decay.  Still needs a better graphics menu as at the moment there's really no way to tweak things like AA etc.  Would be nice to have these options.Performance isn't bad consideing it uses the CryEngine, but it does stutter a little bit here and there.However I haven't yet played enough of this game to give it a full on review.A few problems- There was a mission where the army had two surviors on the floor but said survivors were invisible and it looked like the soliders were talking to themselves.- Graphics menu isn't that great. We can't adjust anything such as AA.- Frame rate can vary wildly.  Although on my system this isn't game breaking its something to consider.- Car handling is a bit weird.  They seem to turn a bit slow.A few good things- Gameplay seems a lot better compared to the last State of Decay.  Doesn't feel as clunky.- Graphics have seen a decent overhual.  Looks a lot better than the previous State of Decay.My recommendations to the developers- Give us more options to tweak. The slider doesn't really tell us anything. This may even help the performance of the game for a lot of people."
,Recommended,329430,15594361,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,keysersoze,"Really loved the game; still do, but I'm disappointed the graphics aren't as good as I hoped. If you haven't played the original, definitely get this one, but veterans may be slightly underwhelmed with a high powered system. I was hoping that it would display at 4K, but it isstilllimited to 1080 resolution on PC. (That is, cannot select a res above 1080, at all... -fullscreen launch option used to work, but now does not).Perhaps the GTA V PC remaster has ruined it for me. I would also have liked some AA settings, or any graphics configuration settings to tinker with. The only really noticable upgrade is the UI/Journal screen...gr8!Considering this remaster doesn't add much content and was marketed as a purely graphics upgrade (which is why I bought it) I am, actually, REALLY disappointed. I still recommend it though, but only if you haven't played it before."
,Recommended,329430,15598030,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Captian Zee,"It's the original, But it doesent look like crap, Ok, It does in some places but somehow manages to make the crap look good. I blame the blur thats put on everything.Any way, It's exactily what it says it is. And I bought it no because I expected a whole new game but because I love the game itself and wanted to support the Devs who will hopefully make another one only much better."
76561198144592186,Recommended,329430,15594376,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,RickGrimes,Still no coop :v
,Recommended,329430,15596211,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,MxxiiiF,"Yeah i enjoyed the original in 720p and yeah im enjoying the version in 1080p but come on microsoft!!! Where is 4K support. Let me guess, us the customers will have to pay another £££ in 2 years time."
,Recommended,329430,15595409,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Travis,"Note: I'll be reviewing this in terms of changes compared to the original.I'll start off by saying that this IS the definitive edition of State of Decay. The game looks nicer (goodbye, harsh shadows), the animations are slicker, and the colors are more vibrant. They've added a new set of animations for ""unarmed"" (now knife) combat, which seems to include some takedown animations, which is a welcome additions. There are new vehicles, weapons, and a character. Overall, it also performs better.The only major problem I've identified so far is the fact that it lags horrifically when driving. Hopefully this will be patched, but until then, it's REALLY bad. There's also a really stupid motion blur effect when your vehicle is in motion. It blurs the car itself, and nothing else. Seriously?If you already own the game, get it. $20 for the game and its DLCs are completely worth it. If not, $30 is still the most cost-effictive way to play."
76561198014784939,Recommended,329430,15594857,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Darth cheeba,"So i have only played the new version of the game through the first mission and felt a review was needed. i had the original state of decay and loved playing it i had all the DLC. the game is brilliantly crafted to a nearly perfect zombie survival game.  now only reason i say nearly is you have to restart in breakdown in order to keep playing. To be clear its not even a justify able complaint as the developers were clear on the experience they want to give the player. which is why they have breakdown mode. i would  have to say if you love zombie movies, zombie games then you should get this game. if you have the original like i do and play the hell out of it, get this version its beautiful and i feel my money was well spent. i would say any fan off zombie movies or games should add this to their collection. its just a great unique experience i think all zombie and open world fans will truly enjoy"
,Recommended,329430,15597456,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,RedxMoonxRose,"Looks beautiful and runs perfectly on ulta settings, and I'm using a laptop...A shame the car I shoved all my rucksacks in blew up. I accidently blew it up when trying to blow up a fatty, oh the pain!"
76561198083001204,Recommended,329430,15595741,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,MeDaDaddy,All looking extremely polished and smooth so far with no issues.
,Recommended,329430,15593724,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,EpicConspiracy,"Easily the best zombie survival game ever made, when you log off the game doesnt stop. Did you leave enough supplies for everyone when you quit playing, well if not you could be coming into a mess. The graphics are way cleaned up in thi sversion, all the DLC, its so worth the 20-30 bucks for all the hours you put into it. If you want a great open world zombie survival experience BUY THIS GAME NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198400681713,Not Recommended,329430,33116482,Posted: 1 July,all,helened1967,this game has been nothing but problems
,Recommended,329430,15592519,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Pvt. Wadjet,"No matter what people say I just cannot hate this game.Yes the occasional bugs may be sometimes annoying but I genuinely feel that this game has a lot character in it. The story makes the survival immersive and you really get the sense of accomplishment when you work your♥♥♥♥♥off trying to gather those resources. And man, don't even mention moving into a new house because its's absolutely rewarding seeing you have access to all kinds of new rooms and functions.I hope this is worth the wait."
76561198271350031,Not Recommended,329430,31986871,Posted: 26 May,all,[AG]ElDiablo,I CANT SEE GAMEPLAY!!!!!!
76561197997882914,Not Recommended,329430,32018469,Posted: 28 May,all,Vyrnarcu,Purchased due to the Multiplayer tag.This game is no multiplayer.Pros:-Is a game.Cons:-No multiplayer.
,Recommended,329430,15593803,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Object,Buy this game and write a recommending review like this one just to make all the people that feel they should get it for free angry.  They'll spam the No button harder then we spam the space bar when zombies are grabbing you.
76561198124042287,Recommended,329430,15592793,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Knight Captain Otaku,"Okay so I started playing, and so far it's running really nicely. The only problems I've had are some graphical flickering and in the main menu, it's selecting whatever is above my mouse. These are strange but I'm sure there'll be a patch or two to fix these up, hopefully anyway."
76561198007184251,Recommended,329430,15595991,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Gnaeus Cremutius Naso,"P*ssed off half the community because they expected new vehicles, weapons, features and vastly improved graphics for free.10/10."
,Not Recommended,329430,28962972,Posted: 2 January,all,TheSergeantChicken,No ultrawide resolutions support in 2017 is pathetic...
,Not Recommended,329430,23718847,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Fake News,"Even after only playing for 6 minutes, I can confirm that this game is a sack of♥♥♥♥♥♥  It looks and feels like your playing battlefield 4 on windows 98 on the original apple computer.  It also runs at 0.00000000001 fps if you try to jump while crouching."
76561198247167702,Not Recommended,329430,32009060,Posted: 27 May,all,Kilo2316,its 20 ♥♥♥♥ing 15 this♥♥♥♥♥♥was relesed and there was ♥♥♥♥ing halo 4 whitch had 2000 times nthe better graphics
76561197990495541,Recommended,329430,16016320,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,SobeR999,"Unplayable due to bugs.Edit: I discovered that turning on V-sync makes the game more stable and I can play it. There are still other small bugs in it, but at least it does not crash as often.Edit 2: After the patch the game works much better, too bad we had to wait a year for it.Game is now verry good"
,Recommended,329430,15598550,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Donnie_Plays,"I should probably point out that the original state of decay was the first ever open world zombie apocalypse game that I played. Long before DayZ, H1z1, etc. I put 46 hours into the original version of this game. I bought this version hoping for more, but basically just got the exact same game with updated graphics and sound and some general improvements to gameplay. If you've never played the original state of decay, I would suggest you play this... but I think the price of $30 is too much. Buy this game while it is on sale.PROS:-You are in an open, zombie infested world and can essentially go wherever you want and do basically whatever you want as long as you live. You have to rest though and the bigger your group is, the better off you are, as long as you keep supplies stocked. There is a story and you have to follow it if you want to beat the game, but technically you can just survive and explore as often as you prefer.-You can grow a garden, build a medical center and can craft sniper towers in your base. There is some customization of bases in this game and it is interesting.-You must maintain supplies such as food and medical. You can raid houses, factories, schools and collect weapons and loot.-You can recruit other AI players that you meet, or you can deny them. You can let them into your group and if they start acting crazy you can send them packing or help them. You can control several different characters in the game and can decide who you want to play as, as you go.-You can establish a base where you can build a small community of survivors.-There are vehicles throughout the world you can take and drive. You can use the trunk to stash extra supplies to transport to your base. Driving around in this game feels a lot like the open AI world of Grand Theft Auto-Different types of zombies provide various levels of challenge to kill. Sometimes hoardes come upon you while you are raiding a house for loot and you end up having to barricade yourself inside ""Night of the Living Dead"" style.-The story, acting and soundtrack are all excellent. They keep you interested and engaged in the game.CONS:-There is no online mode. You cannot play co-op or with anyone online. This is a single player game only. This is a massive strike for some people, but understand that this is still a great game without online.-You have to play this game in 3rd person. There is no option for 1st person.-There is no way to customize your characters. You have to play as the survivors on the game. Lack of customization. You can techincally mod the game unofficially, but it can cause crash problems.-The map lacks very large structures to loot inside of, such as a large hospital or large schoolhouse. You spend most of your time looting houses and small shacks or warehouses.-There are no real destructable environments. Sure houses burn down and cars explode... but that's about it. You can't pull a fire axe out and chop a hole into a wooden house."
76561198262159542,Recommended,329430,30449772,Posted: 11 March,all,Googenschmickel,"Played 116 minuites.  As of now it seems as good if not better than the original release, the new vehicles and weapons are a small bonus.  If you enjoy zombie themed games and resource management, you'll certainly enjoy this."
76561197972537564,Recommended,329430,27076757,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,feytharn,"For me, this game has hit a sweet spot. Is it perfect? of course not. Controls, graphics, the explanation of the UI could all be better - but after a few hours in, I completely forgot these shortcomings.The setting is among the most immersive apocalyptic settings I know of, and the combination of base and survivor management, exploration and extermination (of zombies) has proven to be a most effective way of keeping me entertained, finding quests, loot and ways to get around without becoming zombie bait has been (and hopefully continues to be) one of the most fun gaming experiences of 30+ years of gaming."
,Recommended,329430,27065918,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,A Glowing Thing,"This game is the best zombie survival game out there. Open World, Multiple playable characters, play it your way, great fighting mechanics, etc. The worst part to this game is that the playable world isn't that big. Yes this game has performance issues, but the gameplay more than compensates for that. Even with its low budget, small development team other developers of the popular zombies games should learn from here."
76561198037030988,Recommended,329430,27371203,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cynthia Darke,"Not your typical zombie game.  I love that you can build up a base, change the base's location, and add different upgrades to it.  It is great that you are able to change which character you want to take out and adventure with, and that you are able to kill them off if you end up with too many individuals at your base (wink).  The fact that you need to provide your base with supplies (food, gas, building materials, ammo) adds to the ""realism"".  It is great, and adds an extra challenge, that the gameplay is continual, and that time passes in-game even when you are not playing.  (Don't worry too much, the time rate slows down the longer you are away.  So everyone won't starve to death if you stop playing for a while.)And cars!  I LOVE that you can kill off lots of zombies with cars!"
76561198105522208,Recommended,329430,27305021,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dabomb1467,"Has some zombies go through doors, but otherwise a solid game with a lot of replay value."
76561198085083416,Recommended,329430,26970810,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Soviet Conga Dog,"Perhaps this is one of the most amazing singleplayer, apocolyptic, zombie, survival, shooters out there. It may not be the best, but the developers sure seem to have spent their dearest time in the making of these games. I only wish that the game would have co-op but even so, the game is still amazing. I find myself, everytime I play the game, saying, ""JUST 5 MORE MINUTES"" and after those 5, I would spend another 5... and another. I would gladly give this game a thumbs up, any time."
,Recommended,329430,26595086,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Ryu Senshi,"Having owned and played the original game for quite sometime, I can say that this is one of the better Zombie Survival games. I will admit that it does have some glitches and bugs, but what game dosen't these days right? This updated edition gives you a few new perks like upgraded graphics, new SUV, quests, etc. If you own the original and decide to upgrade, It even allows you to port your original game saves."
76561198000489822,Recommended,329430,26949161,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Newman,Wish they made the game longer and had Co-Op/Multiplayer. Other than that it's a great game
76561198020462798,Recommended,329430,27089778,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,azzizzle,"This game has been much maligned because it's essentially a realllllyy expensive DLC and remake of the original State of Decay. If you look at the negative reviews here, the real issue you'll find is that this game was not simply given to people who already supported the company by playing it. Please understand though, that that's really the only big issue with this game. If you are a first time player, you will LOVE this game!The gameplay in this game is really just good and simple fun: think GTA style movement and map all centered around the zombie apocalypse. It sounds odd, but believe me, it really works. It also combines some management of resources, but mainly centers around 3rd person action. There are also 3 modes providing really good replay value: there's the chill and fun story mode, there's the ramp-up in difficulty replay mode called Breakdown, and then there's a whole new map and way of playing in the final mode, Lifeline.This is by no means a perfect game, the graphics are definitely a bit dated, the UI leaves a bit to be desired, but holy crap, this game will satisfy. All the downsides to this game will fall by the wayside as you consider your next choice or try to save a sick base member, or desperately try to out run a zombie horde with a rucksack full of ammo on your back!Give this game a chance, and enjoy!TL;DR: 9/10"
,Recommended,329430,26931487,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Stormydove,"One of the best zombie games I have every played. Not only is the game fun, controls fluid, and graphics great, but it never gets old. With the three game types offered, it adds maybe too much fun to this game.I just like to get set up at the house and bust out on missions. The only thing I don't like is losing a character I like, but then I try to lose the ones I don't like to find a new favourite.Just a great game over all, endless fun!"
,Recommended,329430,26960477,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,NeoKorp,Good enough for some zomzom itch.
,Recommended,329430,27108984,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Guilherme D'ravem,"State of Decay was alwesome!  Year One Survival Edition may be just a version with slight better graphics to get more money from us, but it's still State of Decay, the game that could only be better if had online COOP (Only thing we hope to apear on SoD 2 apart of new story).Play it, enjoy it, and on the extra hard modes fight your way!"
,Recommended,329430,27560301,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Rydeout,"If you're looking for something to play while they try to fix H1Z1 this is it. I love the RPG elements and community/survivor management system. Makes it was more engaging than your typical ""kill zombies"" game.I have the original as well andalso loved it - never experienced any 'game breaking bugs', so if you can forgive a bit of wonky zombie behavior you'll really enjoy this gem of a game! 10/10 fun! I also enjoy the 1080 remaster. Ya, it could have been a free addon like you see in the negative reviews, but as someone who didnt have the expansion packs I have no problem paying for it. You'll get a ton of gameplay out of this whether it's full price of 50% off (at time of my purchase)."
,Recommended,329430,27563982,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Gojira,Great game!  Looking forward to the sequel
76561198082745201,Recommended,329430,27577306,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Hammer,"At first, I thought this game was too easy.  Then I did the “Momento” mission earlier on.  With no companion to help me and no Molotov cocktail in my inventory, I thought I knew everything.I died.It’s a cool sandbox game with the DLC Breakdown being my favourite.I recommend this game for anyone with nothing to do on a lazy Sunday afternoon.Get all the achievements, then go back to playing Fall Out 4."
76561197970499665,Recommended,329430,27760261,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,nobrien,what can i say that hasnt been said allready ? nothing really its a great game :}
,Recommended,329430,27761874,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,moTh,yeeees +
76561198004171929,Recommended,329430,15690766,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Mr. Wolf,Really addictive.
76561198069160630,Recommended,329430,28722650,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Wildfire,A fun game :)
76561198140597461,Recommended,329430,29092511,Posted: 7 January,all,nath2243,i love this game i originally played it on xbox 360 but its better on here
76561198152127793,Recommended,329430,29050235,Posted: 5 January,all,John Entwurfe,"this game is amazing, totally blew me away. was a great experience would do it again"
76561198058593956,Recommended,329430,29077777,Posted: 6 January,all,Troblin,"Currently there are very few game developers that are not too lazy to do good games or too scared to do hard games.Is this game perfect? No. But it's good and just being good is atm a very rare badge of honor.As for people complaining, well for me as a person who lived under socialism it is so much fun to watch a crowd of westerners DEMAND from a free market agent something as if it were their social due.Advice to any reader out of the squabble - this is one of the rare enjoyable games with an ever increasing difficulty curve from old school style easy (i.e. casuals might still struggle) to really difficult. The genre is survival on the run with temporarily upgradable buildings and depletable loot and it is not very mod friendly so do not expect to be able to mod it into endless survival in one place, but for what it is, it is one of the best.I can't say 'buy it now' because part two is coming, but if you are collecting good games - wait till the first 50% discount and grab it."
76561198008063245,Recommended,329430,29074591,Posted: 6 January,all,AcereraK,"It is the ultimate Grand Theft Autoish game in a zombie world. Its a great survival game, with solid base building and good RPG elements. Control is fine, action is good enough and combat is deeper than it seems at the begining, since progression opens up unexpected new avenues. Graphics are probably not in the top nowadays,but for me they do their job and I ended up liking them more than I thought. The story part is nothing to die for, but at least it makes you feel part of a post apocalyptic world and throws in some nice details that in the end, bring the world alive and believable.The map is probably a bit limited, if you want to read a con. And both DLCs are just average.Wonder how I managed to miss this one so far. Now I cant wait for State of Decay 2."
,Recommended,329430,28928461,Posted: 1 January,all,NN,It's not a perfect zombie game but it number 1 zombie game in my opinion. I'am so hype for State Of Decay 2.
76561198134215139,Recommended,329430,28664047,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,TIMXXX_XXX,"I believe this was the one of the best survival game on the human history. Three times on the original story.over 100 different types of guns.Altough some of details in the game are broken, the feeling this game gave me makes me ignore it.Hoping the State of Decay 2 still great."
76561198349735842,Recommended,329430,32008151,Posted: 27 May,all,MO DRO420,"Great game with a good amount of replay value, My third playthrough at this point since ive played on xbox. I will agree that yose edition has some annoying issues of loading and occasional frame rate drops, Which is definitely a game issue since i can run witcher 3 at 60 fps on my rig. difficulty can be pretty easy if not doing breakdown playthroughs but in all honesty ive lost characters on xbox that I had 10+ hours of playtime and if the game were more difficult losing characters would get annoying. Nothing sucks more than getting jumped by a feral zombie on your best fighter and frantically trying to close the game before it saves and theyre gone forever. The story is descent but I feel like it wont be necessary to play this one first before state of decay 2 comes out later this year."
76561198092467934,Recommended,329430,32029189,Posted: 28 May,all,TPNevil,this game is great but it does has its flaws for starters keybored and mouse controllers are decent i have trouble with them at times. the FPS drops when you get in larger citys i have noticed the lowest it will go is 24-26 highest i have got is a solid 60 when i first started out but later when you move your household into much larger spaces it tends to drop at times. the pros of this game is the gameplay is just amazing i just love going out and trying to be a leader for the other suriviors. its nice game a lot of places to explore plus the DLC i have not yet played any of the DLC yet but will once i beat the main game. but so far im really enjoying this game and would say yes buy it. it will makes it moneys worth if you enjoy zombie games/sandbox games. but before i end this review a little side note sometimes when your trying to get ammo from your lockers/locker it tends to say you have the wrong ammo for your gun and will have to put back both your gun and ammo and then go back and get it which sometimes can waste your time. but by far would rate this game 8/10 it could be better but its great how it is.
,Not Recommended,329430,32030840,Posted: 28 May,all,mrswellrested,Game kept bugging out everytime I tried to launch it. Only got it to launch properly once before I ended up refunding it.
,Recommended,329430,32023623,Posted: 28 May,all,Navu,this game is pretty good i'd give it 8/10
76561198006064887,Recommended,329430,32023260,Posted: 28 May,all,Willibald,"Good open world zombie survival. There are some bugs / shortcomings like safezones wich are not safe and zombies sinking into the ground (unhandy if you are required to kill them). However, for the 7 bucks it costs on sale this is definetly acceptable."
,Recommended,329430,32038359,Posted: 29 May,all,StereoGraph4,"One of the best zombie survival games out there, yes there are bugs, but its a hellova lotta fun!"
,Recommended,329430,32031449,Posted: 28 May,all,AnimeEDM,As someone who played this the first timei find the game positive!and here is why:yes the update etc and previous copy users are upset and they have the right to bebut for someone jumping newly into the game i find this game positive! this is almost the perfect suvival game with zombies cars and eco managmenteco as in keeping your supplies up that isthe only downside i see in the game is the idiot zombie spawn system. you can never clear an area well if you think man there are a lot of zombies here ill just drive back and forth and keep running them over they will keep respawning by that (little distance you get from the area so as long as you stay within a few meters of set area you should keep it clear enough to loot.(also dont flip your ride cause unflipping them is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥..also when a car is flipped with will blow up if you get far enough away from it.
76561198041174144,Recommended,329430,32058148,Posted: 30 May,all,WARLLAMA,Got it while was on sale for me and a friend and it cost just over ten pounds for two copies with all dlc so that was a bargin. Anway one of the best zombie survial mangerment games ever!Cons however is-The Romero mod is a pain to install on this edition-Lilly Ritter-Lilly Ritter-Map too small-Lilly RitterOverall: If I could have I would have killed Lilly Ritter
,Not Recommended,329430,32069644,Posted: 30 May,all,Gangsta BOO,Game is def not worth it it has so many problems and when a glitch happens where your survivors wont come into the house you cant even save because its all auto save. The game has great ideas and potential just way to many bugs.
,Recommended,329430,32063842,Posted: 30 May,all,LorDuy,"Well, bottom line, this is the game that truly deserves these tags : Survival, Zombie, Open World. And this is the game that also should be taken as an example for other AAA devs to learn how to do a survival zombie game."
76561198156153742,Recommended,329430,32064330,Posted: 30 May,all,Sh1ves,I played through the state of decay base game twice and I noticed somethings different.-The pc version is a little buggy- Different unique cars- Better loot- some choppy parts- losing frames- terrible AI- The area is brighterAfter all this is my favorite survival zombie game to this date.
,Recommended,329430,32064082,Posted: 30 May,all,Spaceman Moses,"I finished State of Decay, so buggy, and loads of the quest lines just seem to end (including the main game) without tying up any loose ends; very odd. However, I did enjoy playing it, gathering resources and levelling everyone up (even though I barely needed any of the resources I gathered or the 12 playable characters I levelled up)"
76561198023404336,Recommended,329430,32062087,Posted: 30 May,all,17_irons,"Got it on sale, and in hindsight, I would have paid full price. Love that you can actually focus on building and maintaining a survival colony and jump between players (at least in lifeline)."
76561198346579949,Recommended,329430,32091205,Posted: 31 May,all,Hentai Banana,Sooo Fun xD tbh i buy it to understand the story bcz state of decay 2 is comming soon and looks so fun but this game was so fun not just the story also the second suurvive game so challenge and harder then the story mode its just fun
,Not Recommended,329430,32087546,Posted: 31 May,all,Mashuqur,"Boring game with bunch of mind-less repeating missions. Takes away a bunch of player freedom for the sake of being ""realistic"" e.g. no manual saving and not even ♥♥♥♥ing pausing the game when looking at the map. No fast travel despite the huge map so you have to drive for ~30 minutes for some missions. This may be just me but I think the zombies respawn way too fast as well. You also have to use 100 influence (the in-game currency) to hire a follower yet the leave as soon as you start a mission without refunding the influence so you have to go and grind the influence again. Story in the game in non-existent as far a in can tell in my playthrough except for the typical ""world has gone to♥♥♥♥♥♥so we gotta band together to survive""."
,Recommended,329430,32085950,Posted: 31 May,all,atmman4th,The best zombies survival game
76561198176724173,Recommended,329430,32116438,Posted: 1 June,all,RayVegas,"If you want an open world zombie game where your favorite character, whom you have spent most of the game leveling up, can die randomly because you just happened to not see the Feral Zombie, you are in the right place. This game is amazing. The DLC adds even more amazing experiences. Does this game have it's bugs? Yes it does, but so does Fallout and Bethesda is way more advanced in making games. The graphics are great. Controls are easy to use. Like I said before, your character can die at anytime. You will just move to another character in the game and try to complete it with them. If a game doesn't ♥♥♥♥♥♥ you off, is it really that fun?The only downside to the game is there is no multiplayer. Back in the day all games were singleplayer. It's nice to see some games don't need multiplayer to still be considered ""Great"".Worth every penny. Can't wait for the second one to come out."
76561198129922171,Recommended,329430,32110489,Posted: 1 June,all,Lucauze_Gaming,"Just bought a PC recently and decided to buy a few games including this (which was on discount)  this game is AMAZING! This the sort of game I can come back to and the gameplay is really good, you can became attached to certain characters and losing them can be the worse thing, the game can be repetive in some aspects but sometimes it's just fun to freely roam around and see what you can find, I've honestly made a ton of stupid mistakes in the game but you start to learn how you correct your mistakes and come up with different tactics, I love survival games but this one is in my top list."
,Recommended,329430,32088982,Posted: 31 May,all,Cmdo.Delta,"Played this game for a little 15 hours within few days after purchase.So far, it's probably the best survival zombie game I've played. Its biggest downside is the lack of coop (at least 2 players would have been so awesome). If I understood well, they are making a ""State of Decay 2"" that will have coop, It's an amazing news. The only other concern I have about this game is there are few bugs there and there. The worse of them all: zombies clipping throught walls. It doesn't happen all the time but once in awhile and can catch you off guard.Those are the PROS and CONS for me. Indeed, you could disagree on some of them, it's a matter of taste and point of view:PROS:- 1 main story, 2 DLCs that bring endless mods for super extra replayability- Can control all survivors and have to level their abilities and gear them individually- Permadeath of survivors- No respawn of loot (can still establish outposts to help sustain but they wont remove need to scavenge)- Lot of weapons- Lot of kind of zombies- Many spots to establish base (all your choice where your survivors will live)- Lot of base upgrades- Survivor relies on stamina and health to survive. Poor management of those ressources can lead to quick death (survivors are never overpowered even when well trained and well geared)- Lot of cars with different specs (some are stronger, some are faster, some are balanced, some have better handling, etc)- Games generate random missions to keep you busy- When you roam around with your survivor, other survivors of your group are working aswell- When not playing the game, stuff keep happening to your survivor (they use ressources, can get sick.. maybe not die anymore). You get an update as soon as you launch the game again.CONS- Few bugs there and there like zombies clipping throught walls (not happening all the time but be aware it's possible)- No coopWhy I like this game more than many others like DayZ or WarZ or H1Z1? First: far less bugs. Then good mechanics around survivors (you have control on everyone of your community, permadeath, individual leveling/gearing, they keep living their lives while you are playing around, they keep living while game is closed)Why I prefer it over 7 days to die? 7DtD is probably one of the most serious game out there with the most serious devs. Just I was tired of the Minecraft style of building. State of decay offers the choice where to build base, allow base upgrades but you don't have to manually build stuff. You get ressources and let other survirors doing it. If you prefer a ""minecraft base building style"" then go with 7 days to die. If you don't want it, State of Decay is probably the best so far.A really good game. I got it 75% off which is absolute stealing. Even at full price, it would have worth it all the way. Definitively checking for State of decay 2."
76561198061732453,Recommended,329430,31610145,Posted: 7 May,all,Echlord,Koolio Schoolio's.
76561198369711949,Recommended,329430,31633210,Posted: 8 May,all,althewallshooter,awsome fun zombie game thats like gta and walking dead combine but the big problem is theres a few amount of bugs and other things anyway i say but it
,Recommended,329430,31635074,Posted: 8 May,all,Laces G,"I love State of Decay. im not facing any problems on my computer when i run this game, but man does it get repetative, but thats okay cuz i still enjoy it and bashin in some zombie skull. this game feels like its something that would actually happen if here was to be a zombie appocalypse, taking in survivors or refusing losing one due to death {which they cannot come back to live, so you lose someone for ever if they die}, moving with the police station give up your guns, and then protect your own home base and go out and scavenge for food, supplies, ammo. it makes it feel so genuine and its just allot i enjoy about that aspect, so been playing for a long time and everytime i play it i find my self enjoying the time im spending playing it. this game also feels like walking dead imo and one of THE best put together zombie game. i am looking forward to SOD2, and hoping there will be multiplayer to play with some of my buddies. if not no big deal i still will love it."
76561198111393016,Recommended,329430,31651389,Posted: 9 May,all,Plastic102,Can't wait for the next one!
,Recommended,329430,31658055,Posted: 9 May,all,Joshy~,"Simply my favourite game of the class. State of Decay manages to coax some of the best moments in my gaming life out of me, and I simply can never get away from it for too long."
,Recommended,329430,32121699,Posted: 1 June,all,Kynogi,I like the gameplay but many minor bug and glitch make this game less immersive
76561198210071037,Recommended,329430,32007953,Posted: 27 May,all,intence66,"review  BAD / GOOD / ANNOYINGgoodthis game is kind of like dead island but better .... list of things that are good ..... the whole map graphics and style is really good ... you can  get items like food , building material , medication , ammo , guns , objects that are good in combat , grenades , and maybe more ...... you can change buildings in youre base area also  to better youre situation  ... u can lute a location and then ask for a member of ur base to pick everything up ..... ahh theres diffrent cars theres just a lot of content for the game and more ....bad and annoying togetherok so i like the game a lot but one really theres a lot of issue ( the issue is this game is really based on real life ... so the momment u smash and break a car  u will never get a replacement ever sooooo........  what u break stays broken   and what u lute will never come back once uve luted it .... and once u die thats it u die then ur made to become this completly random person at ur camp and u have to rebuild ur representation becuase if u dont u cant even take items from ur base u need to earn the right to .......... another issue is the hord of zombies gets really unreal i got asked todo a mission ie destress a memeber of the base so the mission was take them out somewhere smash zombies mission complete like out of no where 20 or idnk loads of zombies come out of nowhere randomly spawning in stupid places killing us .......that tends to happen a lot ie random stupid respawn of zombies ............... also sometimes cars just randomly flip when u go over a surface and then thats it u loose ur lute because its stored in the trunk and ur bag is fullhonestly < i will reccomend this game specially when its on sale for under 6 pound but just be warned this game will annoy you throught points in the game and things do get repetative  but besides all of theses annoying bad issues it is a good game to play and everything seems to work so i will rate it a 10 / 10"
,Recommended,329430,32040976,Posted: 29 May,all,SolarTara,"Spectacular game!Graphics are dated but when you start playing and get used to the controls you will find yourself stuck inside this game, letting it play on way longer then you actually need to, to finish it.YOSE came with the two dlc, personally love lifeline more then the main game now, but its great.Gameplay will sometimes feel repetative, but sill good!"
,Not Recommended,329430,32050221,Posted: 29 May,all,Xiphan,As much as I love zombie games—and this game checked a lot of boxes for me in terms of what I wanted in a zombie game—I sadly cannot recommend SoD because I could not get it to work properly. Unfortunately it seems to have inherited far too many sins from its console heritage for it to be considered playable on modern systems.Problems I encountered:Game is broken on Windows 10 and required that I run it in compatibility mode.Shadows get messed up at resolutions higher than 1080p.Game does not have native support for resolutions like 1440p.Intro videos play in a 8x8px block.Constant crashes on exit.Constant freezing on exit. (It's for games like this that SuperF4 exists!)I suppose at 1080p this game has minimal issues and could actually offer an enjoyable experience; were it not for my 1440p monitor I would wholeheartedly recommend this game.
,Not Recommended,329430,32002206,Posted: 27 May,all,0V3RKILL,"the game seams fun at first. To the point of being addictive. But, after a little bit and I mean not so long after you start to realize that it's actually very boring and repetitive and not fun. I have no freaking idea how come people gave it such a high rating. I find that very weird. Infinite amount of zombies in a town population 100. As if the zombies grow out of thin air. They go out of their way to make the game harder than realistic. By that I mean has less stamina than a fat person and cant find good weapons and ammo in a REDNECK town!. Please!, this people own more guns than the army of Israel lol. Most collect them and I can't find a lot of them? or ammo. Also zombies aren’t made out of metal. they are actually, if they were real, they would be softer and easier to kill than us. state of decay. the name it says it. DECAY. one swing to the head the bat even the living will be done. they are scary cause of the infections and their numbers. Some people have no clue how to make a zombie game. I hope they never make a moviedont like my review? go make your own. cause I dont read replies nor Im asking for them. I block you and I delete your♥♥♥♥♥♥ positive or negative."
76561198274843478,Recommended,329430,32117924,Posted: 1 June,all,KrysiS,good game if you enjoy slow passed  action advture zombie  freeroam basebuilding  games    lelelelelele you should   try it if you enjoy any of them types
,Recommended,329430,32077165,Posted: 30 May,all,♂ Maiye✨,"For those wanting to buy this game, warning, because when playing in fullscreen (for me anyway) the game was locked at 24fps even though I know I can run far above 60. The way I got around this was going to Properties, Set Launch Options and putting in the following commands: -windowed -noborder   By doing this it bypasses the 24fps lock so that it plays at the framerate it should be at.Other than that and some other bugs this game is pretty damn good, if you can look past all of its faults."
76561198014675300,Recommended,329430,32073402,Posted: 30 May,all,Sora Dora,Cranky but one 'hell' of a ride.10/10.
,Not Recommended,329430,32126960,Posted: 2 June,all,LifeIsGood,"It's just hurting me that I'm giving a negative feedback for this amazing game.  I was disappointed from the beginning. Developers have considered all the resolutions except 2560x1440. The game has even 4K support. I tried to play in 1080p, but it looked bad in 2K monitor, then I tried to play in 4K, everything looks great, except the steam overlay looking so small that I can't even read anything. And the mouse calibration is broken due to the resolution difference. In the result of this, I'm having a hard time to click anything in the game and sometimes the shadows are acting stupid. Should I request a  refund?"
76561197989000593,Recommended,329430,29512973,Posted: 26 January,all,Drontti Edvard,"I played through the original game on the Xbox 360 and enjoyed it very much. If you also played it through I do not recommend the game, it is only good for new players or if you want to experience the DLC.Pros:-Gameplay: Simplistic yet addictive survival-Characters: Decent and after playing them for a while you will care about keeping them alive-Bases: You have the ability to change your home base-Limited amount of resources: All vehicles, resources etc. are limited so if you trash the car you are driving you better find a new one-Base Management: Upgrade your base with new ""buildings"" which provide you with buffs or completely new features-Multiple ""Main"" Characters: You play as all of your survivors and have to switch when others get tired. Makes you care also about others and you want to level them up for later.-Progression: Has a decent progression system with levels and ""perks"" which you can choose to differentiate between the specialization of each character.Cons-Horrible last gen console port!!!!The graphics are awful, the graphic settings are very lacking and the performance is very poor compared to the graphical fidelity. The game does not support 1440p and should be locked at 60fps. I have a 144hz 1440p monitor but I am forced to play at 1080p with locked 60 using Riva Tuner to get a decent gaming experience. This is unacceptable in the modern day. If the new game will be the same way I will refrain from buying it.-You Should Use a Controller:The gameplay is ok with a mouse and keyboard, but you really should use a controller for a more fluid gaming experience.-Bugs:Still has many of the same issues as the original Xbox 360 version had. Some bugs are minor others rather troublesome. I have not yet had massive issues, but the bugs are still annoying.-The Graphics:I mentioned them before, but they are just so awful I have to mention them twice. This game looks worse than the original Fable on the original Xbox. Fable had good graphics for the platform it was on and for the time it was made, this game doesn’t.ConclusionI have to recommend the game as I enjoy it very much. I have not yet found a better alternative for a action base-building walking dead type game so this game is the best one out there. It has its flaws, but if you are willing to look past them the game itself is great."
,Recommended,329430,29505407,Posted: 26 January,all,The_P,"This games is really fun, & it fulfilled my little dream as a stockpile hoarder..10/10 will hoarding foods again."
,Recommended,329430,29511875,Posted: 26 January,all,KittyMcCatFace,"I say its pretty good but the fact that i coulden't buy the normal game, i had to buy the YOSE edition and i didnt want that, but other than that its a pretty good game, i would recommend it if it was sold in original form, and i have no problem with bugs and stuff like that so its pretty good game by itself."
76561198055779638,Recommended,329430,15839062,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Biffy,"Bah... I was  a sucker to buy this game.  Like all the other reviews say, there is no added content that I could tell...  They just tricked me into buying the same thing again.  Like buying all your CDs on Itunes.  Good investment."
76561198092369007,Recommended,329430,31075548,Posted: 11 April,all,Chlorophyll,Zombies. Gore. Base building. Survival. GOOD Story line. Fun fighting mechanics. Third person. Scavening. More zombies.I used to play this on my 360. Still fun and a great blast from the relative past.
76561198354378925,Recommended,329430,28725140,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Sioux1188,"Been eyeing this for awhile now. Had it on Xbox a few years ago and I loved it. Just picked it up a few days ago, my first purchase on Steam and I'm happy I did! I just hope that Undead Labs releases State of Decay 2 here as well."
,Recommended,329430,20643646,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,eat me,"Could have had more potential. I got bored with the game really quick.**Edit**Thought I'd give the game a second try and it's pretty good. I have never played the normal edition, only the remasterd one. So I can't say anything about the bad mechanics, which are apparently there. The game is a little glichty but it doesn't override the gameplay. You should give it a try."
,Recommended,329430,31112846,Posted: 13 April,all,FredMundo,"This is about the Sandbox Mode and not the normal story mode / campaign!!Best Zombie Shooter/Survival game I have ever played. Characters feel real, both melee and ranged combat are fluid, group managment is quite fun thanks to perma death, stealth is nothing new but fulfills its purpose, and the world has a very walking dead tone to it. There is a bit of story that wil make you do some missions but the game mostly benefits from the ""make you own adventure"" aspect. You just get thrown into the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and then you figure everything out from there. I really enjoy that concept.And all of this in a single player! Shows that not every game has to go multiplayer.Unfortunately at a certain point the game gets boring due to the fact that the map will be completely explored and gathering materials and saving the same characters is not really interesting at end game. The graphics are bit dissapointing especially when it comes to the overall color of the game (but thats just a matter of taste i guess).However the journey is amazing and fells very immersive. Now add the mods (crossbow is a must) that are out there and you have a great game. Very recommended for zombie enthusiasts."
76561198051984657,Recommended,329430,28506591,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Noob Player,Just need fix this screen bug and everything ok for me
76561198007664415,Recommended,329430,15599121,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Omega Man,If you dont have the orignal game then by all means its a great buy. I dont see much difference between the original and this copy i feel like i was cheated out of 20 bucks. The game is great but if you have the orginal and the DLC there is no point in getting this version. Instead of wasteing time doing this they should have put the effort into co op. This game would be great to play with friends. And from what i have seen with the fan base many of us want a co op option.
,Recommended,329430,28700848,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Athoren,"Had issues with controls. Turns out the game must not have downloaded correctly. i deleted and redownloaded and it works great now.Good game, little dated but its still alot of fun, controls are good and smooth, there is alot to do and its a good balance of story and freedom unlike other games.recommend this game if you love zombie open world games."
,Recommended,329430,30352703,Posted: 6 March,all,uMatt,"After watching the walking dead I wanted to find a game similar to the series, State Of Decay: YOSE was the best one I found, the game is really cool and it really looks like a the walking dead zombie apocalypse. you really should buy it."
,Recommended,329430,31553848,Posted: 4 May,all,kiras_last_light,"I have spent countless hours playing this game on console and I love the pc version as well. There is so much to do, I got so attached to some of the characters and the game doesn't even give you the mercy to revive them. Once they're gone, they're gone. That's what makes this game so special, you get to know people but at any moment they can die if you screw up...and the game just goes on. The grind of the game is addictive, scavenging for food, materials, medicines, and fuel for your friends to gain trust and respect. Depending on how your team helps each other determines who survive. You can be all the characters and make sure they help each other out. Like a zombie sim game. The graphics aren't the greatest but it is a big map and there are so many things to search and discover. Along with some zombie slashing."
76561197972365833,Recommended,329430,33751900,Posted: 23 July,all,no_fear2,"Really good game. Except all the errors and bugs in the game :( Zombies could walk through doors. And one mission, some zombies was ""invisible"" and got under the terrace/porch. And i barely could kill them :@Also at the end, when i finished the game, the screen got black, except the mission ""The wall"" was up on my left corner for 10 mins. Nothing happend.Also many of the survivors got stuck on stupid simple stuff. They just kept running (and still stuck). For example on the ""crash barriers/guard rail"".Hope next game dont have so much errors. Loved the game, and was a bit disappointet that it ended that fast :( Want to play more.Also those patches for Breakdown and Lifeline are just stupid :/First day when i bought the game, i played for 8 hours on one day xD After 16 hours i had to restart the game. I ""killed"" all the ppl/caracter :P Stupid cars rolling over :P Impossible to fight 2 zombie hordes, not just 2 zombies, but 2 hordes :( So i finished the game after totally of 38hours, and would finished it a lot faster :( Should be atleast 50 hours of gametime :)Would still recommend the game :D Cant wait for State of Decay 2 :D"
76561198330446941,Recommended,329430,33984017,Posted: 2 August,all,BigIrishBeard,"PERFECT GAME. got nothing to say about, runs smooth and gameplay is addictive."
76561198067608490,Recommended,329430,33985931,Posted: 2 August,all,MrMilkman254,"GREAT game, very fun, very addicting."
,Recommended,329430,22699219,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,ShiroKansen,"I liked the game, felt bad for the owners of the original game... yeah I liked it."
,Recommended,329430,23393044,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,HIAS! CSOFFER.ME CSGOBlocks.Com,Its an ok game and fun to play but from my experiences i have ran into more bugs then there should be in a game like this. If you get it on a sale then yea go for it like i did but be warry there is some bugs that you will run into. This is a more educated review for this game and not like the 3yr old version i wrote a while ago. Recommend for sales
76561198091558361,Recommended,329430,34974408,Posted: 15 September,all,Turning Fog,"State is nearly the perfect Zombie survival game or I hope the final step to the perfect zombie survival game with its sequel soon to be released. I am in no way saying this game is perfect, there are flaws. Material collecting can be strenuous and the amount of missions this game throws at you can be overwhelming at times. As well the controls are clunky at times especially when driving. However when you get past these flaws you have a masterpiece underneath. There are many things about this game I love but for the sake of time Ill just stick mostly to my main draw to this title. The tone of this game is perfect, 10/10. It mixes cartoony graphics and a horroresque vibe with precision all the while the score adding a whole new character to this, much like John Williams with Star Wars. Mix that with great action, probably the best story we have seen in  a zombie survival game and good character development you have yourself a game worth every penny."
,Recommended,329430,35016228,Posted: 17 September,all,full sp33d,Cool game
76561198029423877,Recommended,329430,34337226,Posted: 18 August,all,kpmh2001,"My favorite Zombie survival game, the base building elements while simple are nice, the characters are somewhat interesting, and the weapons have incredible variety, numbering well into the hundereds, but the best part is the most simple part, its Player versus enviornment, i dont know about you guys but i play a zombie game to fight zombies, if i want to fight people i have hundreds of other options, and this game is the only one i have found that is both focused on killing zombies and difficult enough to be interesting."
,Recommended,329430,34581780,Posted: 29 August,all,KO12AK,Surviving zombie apocalypse with base developing.The story is not that good and there're a few bugs.That hand to hand zombie fight is badass when it execute slow mo finisher.
76561198203099280,Recommended,329430,34587117,Posted: 29 August,all,RoxySnow,"One of the best games ive ever played. I bought back when it was realeased for xbox and bought it again for steam,It was deffinetly worth itMy favorite DLC  Was Lifeline  and i hope the second game will be as much as Lifeline as possibleDeep meaningful connections with characters+Need for strategy+Once character dies they don't come back again+Fun combat+Divericty in combat+Decent Base system =Still extreamly annoying bugs that can ruin your game but better then befor -"
,Recommended,329430,32800652,Posted: 25 June,all,Minibike,Cant wait for part 2 :D
76561198079361328,Recommended,329430,34599066,Posted: 29 August,all,Taylor,"Legit console port with bad optimization, frame drops, and glitches. But it is still fun and the mechanics are innovative. Worth the money in my opinion."
76561198166760162,Recommended,329430,34592673,Posted: 29 August,all,dbritton1998,"The resolution got messed up now its unplayable. looked for a solution online but couldnt find one. tried unistalling and re installing to no avail. Fun game, just too bad it doesnt work."
76561198204606447,Recommended,329430,31988605,Posted: 26 May,all,Ning,lifeline is a great creation in survival games.But the weird thing is that I find there are only around 8 spawns defening when under siege.Amazing game. Though there is still a large potential for more content.
76561198066338927,Recommended,329430,35395980,Posted: 1 October,all,9F1NG3R,"I´m a bit surprised this game had me going for a quite significant amount of hours, since it´s a pretty simple, straightforward zombie-killing game that lacks a bunch of absolutely vital things to keep me interested. Customizable appearences, smarter inventory builds, optimized base-building, a more inspiring storyline (including missions) and more developed dialogue are just some of the many things I really, really, really miss in this game.That said - I f***ing love it! The gravity of this game is astounding.I´m ogling SoD almost every time I open my steam-library. I´m always considering starting a new game from scratch in Breakdown. It´s strangely spellbinding and surprisingly rewarding to ""get some heroes together"", ""find a good place to live"", ""collect and build to counter your basic needs"" and ""try to survive the harsh conditions of an apocalypse"" that all the zombie-killing-crazy-fighting fades out and feels almost insignificant in comparison. It´s the long play that doesnt work for me. The things I mentioned earlier always gets to me in the end."
,Recommended,329430,35251725,Posted: 27 September,all,Last,"Still to this day one of my favourite survival zombie games. Started playing a few weeks or so after the release, enjoyed the feel. Game mechanics and physics are smooth, story is nice, and you dont have to deal with all the online player BS."
76561198329836830,Recommended,329430,35436039,Posted: 2 October,all,Super Saiyan GOD,Its a good game if u r a competitive guy/girl i liked it because i am a base building and resource getting type of guy.Overall its a good game must get.
76561198319660521,Recommended,329430,35499540,Posted: 5 October,all,Nickfdz95,Fun but gets repetitive after a while.
76561198004044383,Not Recommended,329430,34088145,Posted: 7 August,all,Schlennsen,The shadow is very buggy. Tried many things to solve it but the problem remains...The game is unplayable for me. Saw that many other people have the same experience since a few years and the dev didn´t solved it.
