user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,329640,12821555,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,No Cookies 4 U,"This game is awesome. I think it would have been much more popular if it had not been released the same year as Duke Nukem 3D. I had a lot of fun on Duke 3D, don't get me wrong, but I always thought this one was just as good. Duke had a better atmosphere (looks a bit nicer, feels ""bigger,"" has interactive pool table, etc.), but this one has better gameplay, especially later in the game (personal opinion).The good:-Tried in 2014  with Steam's built-in emulator. <----edit: game has DOSBOX, apparently, which amounts to the same thing. Thank you, kindly stranger. The game works.-The game is still fun. Mind you, it is a nostalgic kind of fun. If you didn't grow up playing games in the 90s, you will probably find the game to be terrible. There are some quality-of-life differences that games have now that just didn't exist then. If you like Duke 3D though, you'll probably like this.-Interesting weapons and items. This is what I liked better than Duke. Duke has the atmosphere, this game has the better weapons, IMO.-Different playable characters. This is the first FPS I recall ever having different characters. The different characters have a few different weapons. It's pretty neat and adds to the replayability. You also get another character that is a bit of a mix of the other characters by beating the game! Pretty fancy.-It might bother some, but to me this game is set up to change between first person and 3rd person view. If just feels better switching views in this game than it does in most other games.The bad:-Brain-hurting resolution. The game was made in '96 to run on DOS, and looks every bit of it.-Sometimes the aiming is off, especially when shooting guns on the celing. To get around that just change position (for the guns on the celing you might have to just get closer).Things to get you started:-You need to reset your controls before you play. You can configure buttons and whatnot before you play. Also, change the mouse controls to always on (this is mouse look), and also, the game says ""invert axis?"" or something like that, and for some reason the default is inverted, so if you change it to inverted, it puts it to normal. To get normal FPS controls, W = forward, S = back, A = strafe left, D = strafe right, Space = jump. I also recommend setting E to ""use"" and Q to ""change character view,"" or maybe it was just called change view.  You don't need to worry about ""look up"" and ""look down"" buttons. If the right mouse setting is used, the mouse does that for you. I think there is a button for cycling between fast/slower moving too, I just set it to LShift and have not really messed with it.  Also, it's a 90s game so no reloading/reload button, so don't have to worry about that.-Caves are kinda hard to see. If you think you are stuck at the beginning of the game, just walk along the walls. Once you get in the cave you'll be like ""Oh, derp."" Pretty easy after you find it the first time.-I played the cat chick and was like ""Damnit, I can't jump on the platform. Gahh, curse you 90s platformers!"" Well, it turns out that you just have to wait until later in the game, then teleport back to the beginning and it opens the lasers blocking the platforms you need to get on. Lesson learned: if you can't get to it, maybe there's a button to open it later in the level, especially if it's blocked by lasers.After beating the game (or before, if you're inclined) if you want to have some fun you can press \  <---that's the default button anyway, and then type in the codes for the game. Codes are:FMK = All health is restoredARMS = All weaponsRAGMUFFIN = InvincibiltyDIG = No clippingGIFT = Gives you usable items (by default, use [ or ] to select item, and enter to use item).OVERDRIVE = Recieve a chip-powerupSPUTNIK = Reveals the whole mapBLOAD = Warp to the next levelYou don't need any of these to beat the game. You can save at any point, so it's easy to pass anything if you want to. These are just for fun, and IMO they do make the game more fun. I don't recommend using invincibility unless you want to just walk through the game (not as fun), just weapons and items, but that's up to you. Also, when you use the GIFT code, after entering it once you can just keep pressing \ and it will load up your inventory with items. You don't have to keep typing ""gift"" to get more.I hope you like the game!Note:Tried changing the ""screen size"" to get a better resolution. It doesn't help, but it does take your ammo count and other stuff off of the screen; at least for me it did. It also didn't improve the resolution at all. It just took off the ammo count. Would not recommend altering screen size, but if you do and notice your ammo count/health display/etc is missing, you get it back by lowering the ""screen size"" a few marks. I think the default is 2 ticks back from max. Max will remove your ammo/health from view."
,Recommended,329640,13687135,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,CuteC4,"Like carrying 15 different weapons at the same time?Want 3 cool characters  each with their own abilities?(Plus a hidden one you can unlock i bet most of you don’t know)Do you like FPS(First-person shooter) and TPS(third-person shooter)?Well you can choose it now!Do you want to control your own walking mine !?Or a flying mine !?Or just plant that M’nF’n mine !?And detonate them trough a double view on your screen!Like controlling enemy forces and make them kill each other?Like code breaking?Puzzle solvingSecret findingEaster EggsCombination solvingBoss fighting?NCP’s who actually know to hide and scare the sh-bleep out of you XDTrapsGlobal GPS that you can zoom in and out ofHidden camerasCute droids that follow and fight for youTime missionsDeadly lavaPlatform jumpingInvincibilityInvisibilityMissile Launch’nGrenade throw’nA-ss kicking?Mind f-bleepkinany cool thing you can possibly imagineGAME?THIS IS FOR YOU!!!!Before you play, you want to fix the settings a bit, even though I like playing FPS games, I play this in TPS, cause it gets kinda dizzy in the FPS, if you play the fast character Eleena, she’s fast, and thats why.Make sure you fix the brightness of the game too, if every thing is dark then you just didn’t set things right.Make sure to change the mouse axis thing, and the controls to WASD.It has 4 levels of difficulty, recommend to start with the easy for beginners, some things could be confusing at first.Maybe it’s because I’ve been with this game since a kid, the graphics still seem ok to me.(even after L4D2, CSGO, TF2 , Sanctum 2 , graphics don’t seem to bother me)Love this game so much, brings back a lot of memories, defiantly a No.1 fan of Eradicator————Now below—— spoilers ——This game has cheat codes to itThat let you see the whole mapOr GPS the enemiesDisable themKill yourselfInvincibilityWalk trough wallsLow-gravityFlyFull ammoFull healthEnd levelChoose levelAnd then some system thingsUse the “\” key to start the command and then just type out the cheat, here’s one “ \ragamuffin “ this should be enough for you to enjoy the game but not spoil it too much, since you still have puzzle solving to do! You can get the rest online, it shouldn’t be hard to search for.Cheats are definitely fun, but try playing it on your own first, if you really get stuck, then you can use them.BUT BE SURE!!!!Save a current version before you use any cheats, because once you use it, it will say “ cheater “ at the end of each level, and you will be unable to unlock the character at the end.One more thing, be sure to save often, after each room, a special save for each level too.Just in case you did something wrong.Mostly no bugs in this game, just once a door will get stuck in later levels, so be sure to save, not sure if thats a trap or a bug.Anyways, love this game so much, love Accolade for making this, steam for selling it, Retroism, Night Dive Studios for publishing.So finally after all these years, I can make eradicator walkthroughs for a purpose.If you ever get stuck, feel free to go to my profile, I’ve been uploading commentary walkthrough videos for eradicator lately, WITH ALL THE SECRETS, and stuff you need to know~ Welcome to watch, instead of relying on cheats. ^_^"
,Recommended,329640,12867184,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,SuccuLyxX,"This is one of my favourite but sadly underrated shooters from the 90's. Having played a demo of it at a young age I always longed to play the full version and bought the big box of it a couple of years ago. Now it seems the game is finally on Steam and so you might want to know a thing or two about it.Eradicator is an oldschool shooter in the veins of Doom and Duke Nukem 3D, to which it shares most of its similarities though it is rather unique for its time. For one, it features multiple characters, each with their own personality. The weapons are also all rather interesting and serve different purposes. Another groundbreaking feature for this game was the ability to use RC cars and other remote controlled devices thanks to something called PIP (picture-in-picture) view. Another enjoyable thing about the game is the ability to switch between third person and first person perspectives at will (or automatically if you so choose) which helps immensely with the platforming sections, of which there are plentiful. The graphics are also really good for their time and give the game a gritty and dirty sci-fi atmosphere I enjoy a lot.My only gripe with the game is the level design which does show its age. It is confusing and relies heavily on hunting down switches to push and it's not always obvious where to go. The maze-like design also makes it difficult to navigate the levels and using the map is something you will get used to quickly. The music also doesn't really do much and stays in the background most of the time, adding to the ambience of the game. I'd much rather turn it off and turn on some good old 90's rock.But all in all this is one of the more underrated shooters from the 90's and fell under the shadow of Quake and other more successfull games. It's nice to see it on Steam and back in action for those who missed it and those who love it. If you're a fan of shooters like Doom, Duke 3D, Blood etc. I highly recommend picking it up."
76561197994205012,Recommended,329640,12856666,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,[HH:FS] illyay,"Words can barely describe the joy I felt upon seeing this added to Steam.  A great old game that seems to have been forgotten.  I think this is one of the first games I've ever played as a kid back in the 90s, before even DooM.If you're a fan of shooters like DooM, Duke Nukem, Blood, etc, this is a must!You may mistake its engine for the Build engine used in Duke Nukem 3D, but I don't think it is.  It just feels packed full of cool features."
76561198044759599,Recommended,329640,17226075,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Chinkara,"Lets you play as a VOLUPTUOUS CAT GIRL!In THIRD PERSON!But not in SVGA :(And no mod to make it happen.In fact, no mods at all for this game :(Gameplay is good though. Some puzzle solving involved.Best to enjoy with some 90's music. Like Monster Magnet.From your CD player if you still have one."
,Recommended,329640,12828858,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Glen Chico,One of my absolute childhood favorites. I was thrilled to see this on steam. Adjust the controls a bit and this runs as smooth as a hell spawned behemoth riding darkly through hell on a flaming motorcycle!!! Better than snakes made out of money!
76561198040466770,Recommended,329640,17609500,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz,"Beat game, suddenly I am staring at my desktop.  Most abrupt ending ever.  Videos on DOS must have been expensive to make."
,Recommended,329640,13345252,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Skyrizzle,"A classic game, pretty fun and action packed, interesting characters, somewhat same-ish settings but lovely interactivity and a good pace. All in all it's a pretty decent game, definitely a golden oldie. You'll be curious to see what's around every corner and the weapons are fun and feel-good. Pretty impressive for an engine that was sub-par compared to the Build engine, but a solid shooter nonetheless. Also dat♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198175651133,Recommended,329640,29401009,Posted: 21 January,all,Maus,"This is great game, but overshadowed by contemporary 3D action releases.Should Duke Nukem3D and Quake be released later, this game would have claimed the throne.Why? Imagine:- destructable environment elements- shootable switches- more than 10 different weapons with upgrades- usable remote cameras- 1st / 3rd person view switch, 3rd person view has changable camera angle- remotely controlled weapons and objects- hi-res environmental audio with really artistic soundtracks- characters are talking and soliloquizing- atmospheric level design and art- night vision system- normal mouselook is on just from the start (!)- diverse inventory, which is not just to boost your stats, but to interact with enemies (turret gun or forcefiled)- enemies are really different in their features and behavior making the game properly challenging- game is more or less replayable due to different characters (1 is hidden!) who can somehow make shortcuts or can go slightly another way because of their diffferent stats and slightly varying weapons.- fairly good physics for that dated title and no glitchesUse your brain to combine weapons and inventory items according to situation and you will have a strong taste of tactical shooter. Look how much break-through features had this game. And this all came years ago!Drawbacks? Probably just 2:- As many games of that period the story is slightly bland and generic (but still explains what, where and why are you doing). But this was where lot of games fall short back to these days.-There is only one thing I can really complain about considering the age of the game: this is low resolution (seems to be VGA) which was not a top notch than already.Summary:If you've haven't played any retro shooters and don't know what to expect, probably you won't be satisfied with Eradicator.If you are sure that you feel good about playing retro and you have fair expectations for the title of that age - go ahead and buy it. You will be pleased with what you will get."
76561198132792574,Not Recommended,329640,30052388,Posted: 19 February,all,armoredrobot,"Eradicator is a mostly forgotten shooter from 1996. I recently played it, and decided that it's understandable why it was forgotten. It's murky, monotonous, and frustrating, and it doesn't really do anything to stand out in any way.It looks and plays a hell of a lot like Duke Nukem 3D, to the point that I wouldn't be surprised if the code was mostly Build Engine. The palette's the same, the gib physics are the same, there are security cameras you can look at, and overall it just seems like a Duke Nukem mod. This isn't a bad thing, necessarily, but it's very noticeable if you've played any Duke Nukem.Eradicator's main aesthetic difference from DN3D is that it's really ♥♥♥♥ing dark. Most of the colors are brown and gray, and everything is in so much shadow that a lot of the time you can't even tell what's going on. This even extends to the minimap, so often it's nigh-impossible to navigate. I'm not sure why this choice was made, but it makes the game unpleasant and confusing to play and really detracts from the overall experience.There are three different characters (plus a secret fourth one once you beat the game), like in HeXen, but unlike HeXen they don't seem to have entirely different playstyles, so I just wouldn't bother.The level design is really screwy and often difficult to navigate, a concern only exacerbated by the omnipresent shadow and darkened minimap.The game's really bad at telling you if what you're looking at is an objective, or if you're making any progress at all. Eventually you get the hang of what sorts of things are interactible and which aren't, but it's an uphill battle getting to that point.You don't seem to obtain guns in this game; rather, your character seems to start out with all the guns already and simply collects different types of ammunition to gain use of them.The default controls are pretty dumb, and require some rebinding.The various ""Buddy"" powerups are pretty fun. They just summon a little robot friend who floats next to you and shoots whatever you shoot for a short period of time.The jumping controls/physics are ♥♥♥♥ing terrible, which sucks because there's a lot of platforming in this game.Sometimes the gameplay attempts to vary itself with sections where you remotely control a robot (tedious) or do something with a time limit (egregious).Eradicator's main problem besides the murkiness, however, are its enemies. They're just annoying and poorly concieved. There are not one but two kinds of erratic flying suicide bomber enemies, which are really frustrating to fight. Quake also had an enemy like that, but Quake also made that enemy a big target and gave you a really inaccurate shotgun to hit it with; Eradicator does neither of these things. Also, I thought Dark Forces taught us that a water-based enemy who occasionally pops up and fires a projectile at you is a really bad idea, but apparently the developers of this game didn't get that message. These are only the worst examples of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ enemy design; there are certainly many others.Overall, Eradicator is just frustrating and unfun; not enough to make it offensively bad, but enough that it becomes a chore to play. If you're on the fence about getting it, normally I'd recommend it because playing more games is always good; however, I just can't see anyone getting anything out of playing this. It won't broaden any horizons or teach you new things. It just exists, pointless and bad. Unless you're an FPS completionist like me, I recommend saving your money for something better."
,Recommended,329640,22175582,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,SuckerFreeGames,"Bought it on sale for less than a dollar.  Was pleasently surprised!  It's like if Duke Nukem 3d and Red Faction.  It also has a flavor of an arcadey version of system shock.  A good game, some classic fps platforming, puzzels and shooting :)  It actually has a plot and mission objectives which help you get into the character you select to play as.... Nothing negative to say so far!  For $0.79 it's totally worth it!"
,Recommended,329640,17266204,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Zaph,Yet another one of my childhood memories of mine that I missed. Thank you for bringing this to steam.
,Recommended,329640,33656839,Posted: 19 July,all,Benny,best game how all the pics are in first person like doom but when you play its thirdperson and the only way to see in first person is to back yourself into a wall.but i did have fun for 0.4 hours
76561198063682406,Recommended,329640,17147201,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Mrishimaru,"Classic fps action at it's finest. Level design could have used some work, but overall this is a damn fine title to add to any collection."
,Not Recommended,329640,28971218,Posted: 3 January,all,Zesty Molesty,"UUUGGGHHHH, maaaan the last chapter of this game is suuuuuch a pain. Sooooo much platforming and a badly designed level that can lock you out of a required objective.However if you only play the first 2 chapters it probably worth the $1.75 on sale. Though after playing through all of it, its worth -$5.50..."
76561197979961681,Not Recommended,329640,22788957,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,HexeR,"Enemies are uninspired to put it kindly, environments are a cluster♥♥♥♥ of ""where do I go? what do I do?"" and it seems like all the weapons you get are pointless since you can kill all the enemies in 2-3 shots anyways, and the ones that don't, aren't really that dangerous either.  I went through a solid 4 levels without so much as being worried about dieing, until I just sighed and quit.  And the weapons.  They all look like hunks of random junk slapped together like they were lego bits and then animated.  None of them feel or sound or look ""iconic"" or ""memorable"" in any way, just random junk, not to mention the pickups are artistically designed very poorly since I don't know what I'm picking up half the time.I commend Nightdive for the effort of reintroducing this into the modern age, but jesus, did you really have to?"
,Not Recommended,329640,20600382,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,AMB 10,Eyestrain Simulator 1996
76561198046675266,Not Recommended,329640,28334546,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Dustin,This gameplay is just like HeXen (N64) but way sh*ttier.F*ck this game!1/10
,Recommended,329640,19383818,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,lightheat,"I played Eradicator to completion many times when it first came out back in 1996 (I was 10), and was struck with some really hard nostalgia playing it again after so many years.Compared to the games of its time, here are the pros and cons.Pros:Fantastic sound. Immersive music, enemy noises, gib sounds-- very impressive for its time.Surprisingly responsive shooter, complete with actual projectiles and a reticle that changes size with distance to target.Gotta love that old-school 90s gore / dismemberment. Very satisfying to blow up aliens.The map is great-- you can still move your character with the map up. Not many games allow that.Great variety in weapons. Ripper disks, remote controlled spider bombs, steerable rockets, etc.You can remote control various types of enemies and weapons to do your bidding. I struggle to think of modern games that have implemented this so well.Great variety in enemies, including plenty that take to the air.This game has scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me many, many times-- even recently.Cons:Storyline is laughable. Pretty much the standard fare, aliens-have-taken-over trope that all games seemed to have then.Maps can be a bit repetitive.Some secrets can be really hard to find/access, with sorta ""meh"" payouts when found. Satisfying only for completionists.I didn't expect much of the game when I picked it out of a used games shelf at Electronics Boutique back in '96, but I was pleasantly surprised then, and am still happy to play it today, even with other AAA titles in my library getting playtime. And honestly, it seems like many indie devs today are trying to emulate the very style that this game and its contemporaries pioneered.Totally worth its <$10 cost."
,Recommended,329640,31695877,Posted: 11 May,all,Alligat0r,"This game is both awesome and weird. Awesome, because it's a solid oldschool FPS game with great weapons, controls and also visuals and audio effects (High-fidelity voice acting that kinda puts later games like HL to shame, again, in the fidelity department), but it's so damn weird because it's apparently a homegrown engine but it feels a hell of alot like the Build engine for Duke 3D. However, this game has wonderful controls, and the mouse freelook movement is alot better than with the Build engine. Give it a go if you like oldschool FPS games."
,Recommended,329640,34746235,Posted: 4 September,all,Mileena_Kahnumm,"A definite OddBall First Person Shooter from a time that was called the 90'sgot this game at a discounted price during a Steam Sale, all in all an ok game getting some enjoyment out of it, runs rather smoothly on DosBox. There is no SourcePort for this game unfortunately."
