user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,329830,12673449,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Fenixp,"Let's make one thing clear before somebody gets the idea of looking at my friends list - yes, I do have the author of the game in there. I am not actually affiliated with him in any reasonable way, aside from exchanging a few words now and again. Nonetheless, my opinion might be biased, that's why I'll try to explain it in detail. Oh, and I have finished the game when it wasn't on Steam yet.So, first of all, a word of warning: The Moon Sliver is a game strongly focused on telling you a story, with very light puzzle elements. It stands somewhere between Gone Home in focus on freedom of movement and exploration and Dear Esther in telling a mysterious story which is quite open to interpretation. If this is something you are not into - not a game for you. If, however, previously named titles got your attention - read on. Or just buy the bloody thing, it's as expensive as two bottles of beer and my recommendation thingy glows somewhere around these words anyway.Right, you're still reading. First of all, I stand by the comparisons I have made above, so I'll use them as a baseline. At first, you're likely to notice two things - quite apparently lower production values and fantastic music. To elaborate: In terms of graphical design and fidelity, the game is not nearly as flashy as games like Dear Esther or Gone Home might be.Graphics are quite spartan, yet very functional. I feel that the simplicity of the graphical presentation is often enough used to set a feeling of loneliness and desperation, which it does quite well. At any rate, if pretty is what you're looking for, I'm sad to say that's not part of the package, and repetitive assets don't help much.Music, on the other hand, is quite wonderful. It sets the tone very nicely and is used to underline the desired mood of individual locations.When it comes to most important bit of the game, the storyline, I find that the less you know when you start it, the better. Suffice to say it's captivating and definitely kept me playing all the way until the end of the game, which is not a particularily long journey, nonetheless long enough for me to lose interest in most games. Writing is very good, and aside from the way it handles reading notes (no, there's no voice acting, just a lot of quality writing), I was very happy with it.The story is told both trough enviromental cues you can see in various locations and notes and books as already mentioned. You will also run across a few simple puzzles and the entire game is based around exploration of a small, yet very open island - you will not see the linearity of Dear Esther here, you can go just about anywhere, at any time you want, altho some locations require information obtained at other ones.Right, I have opened the subject earlier, but I feel I should elaborate on it a little more - the game is short. Even by Gone Home standards short. You'll beat it in under hour and a half, and you don't really have much of a choice in the matter as it doesn't support save states. The game is designed to be beaten in one sitting tho, and it's hardly too long, so that should not be an issue.All in all, The Moon Sliver was an experience worth remembering, and that's more than I can say for most games that I have played recently. For the asking price, you're hardly even taking a risk, so if I got you even slightly interested, just go for it."
76561198112059304,Recommended,329830,13952465,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Pannacone,"Alright, I'll come right out and admit it: the Moon Sliver looks like it was made in the 1990's. It's blocky and undetailed and generally unimpressive in terms of graphical prowess. But that is, perhaps, part of what makes it so fascinating, because what this game lacks in anti-aliasing and high-definition textures it makes up for with its impressively bleak and tension-inspiring atmosphere. Along with well-done pacing and a plot that is steeped in mystery and slowly-answered questions, this nerve-wracking sense of environment makes for a short, dread-inducing game worth experiencing.The game begins with the player spawning in a small room with a fireplace, some chairs, and a few empty barrels. When the player clicks one of these objects, a snippet of the storyline is displayed via text at the top or the bottom of the screen. Through the examination of these objects, four different characters, each with their own personalities, are described, and the player is left wondering which of these characters's shoes they have stepped into. The story itself is vague in the beginning, with more details being unveiled the more you explore the island you are trapped on.Throughout the game, there are lingering hints of a supernatural force on the island—a sense of another presence, something dread-worthy that stalks you as the day slowly grows darker. The tension of the Moon Sliver grows the more you learn about the characters and the betrayal they have faced. It reaches the start of its pinnacle in an underground maze (with a well-done flickering flashlight mechanic that occurs if you don't keep your light charged) and then peaks with the player's night time return to the mountain and the unveiling of the player's part in the story as well as the final confrontation with the malevolent force of the island.Of course much of the Moon Sliver's gameplay is optional. Players can skip most of the story entirely by simply refusing to explore. For that reason, perhaps, the Moon Sliver is a game that is what you make of it. This short story sets up the perfect environment for a creepy, unsettling journey—all it takes is an imaginative player to really sink into the text-based story and truly walk in the shoes of its protagonist. For anyone willing to fully explore the content the creators have left out for you on this barren little island, the Moon Sliver is a thumbs up."
,Not Recommended,329830,13807508,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Lord Weh,"I wanted to like The Moon Sliver, but ultimately it felt quite incomplete and rough around the edges. I feel harsh for voting 'no', as the creator obviously put a lot of personal effort in, I almost wish there was a neutral vote, but I feel my experience with the game was a little more on the disappointed side.The game's graphics and settings feel like something pre-Thief: The Dark Project (1998), with simple environments and blocky furniture. Whilst graphics do not make a game, I feel the setting and story being told here was supposed to be one steeped in atmosphere, and the blocky furniture and empty square rooms just detracted from that so much. Being minimal is fine (and the selected screenshots and trailer on the store page show an artistic appreciation for minimalism), but the game proper just felt a little too hollow, almost rushed and unfinished.The games story is told to you by flashing up on screen as you move about, often making you stop to read it (as it disappears when you take a few steps away). Whilst this isn't a problem, certain sections (the ending especially) have long stretches of corridor where you need to take a few steps, stop, take another few steps, stop, over and over to read what's happening, breaking the flow of your journey. It's a little complaint, but one I felt really disrupted the experience of the story itself. Something visual to accompany these moments, or changes in direction would help a little too, or making the text linger for longer... but without this the temptation was just to run ahead and disregard the text.I did find the story interesting, and the sound design and a few surprises do help to ground the story in the world you're moving through. There's some great sound design once you get into the tunnels, and the text works well there too for selling the atmosphere of the moment, I genuinely felt quite creeped out in there. The rainy and stormy night that sets in towards the end is very atmospheric and the ending is a little chilling and makes you jump.The narrative text of the story then ultimately makes up the majority of the experience... But ultimately it's let down by the set dressing that detracts, and a few design choices that work against the player's journey through the game. I do look forward to the developer's future projects, the game shows an interest in joining narrative and experience together and if that is worked on and polished it could end up being something quite special, but The Moon Sliver feels more of a proof of concept than a finished product."
,Not Recommended,329830,13100180,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,MrNinjaSquirrel,"The Moon Sliver exists as a disheartening example of creative aspiration clashing with the cold reality of a developer's technical and artistic capabilities.It's the undercurrent of a very clear want to do something meaningful that makes it sad to see the pieces attempt and fail to come together, leaving behind a mess of mixed narrative threads and ugly amateur game design. Though high production values and clever engine tweaks are by no means required to tell a compelling story through a game, I was rather unprepared for the shockingly bland textures and empty landscapes that make up the island you explore. There are attempts to provide a better sense of place through the placement of key objects in the environment, but the world is so entirely bare outside of them that there existence as poor attempts to build a more interesting setting jump out almost more than if there had been nothing at all. The lifeless architecture and layout of the island made it hard to become even a little invested in it, being so removed from the narrative as to act like little more than a way to disorganize and spread out the notes and dialogue exchanges that make up the story.Even with the abundantly sterile location I was still able to buy into the narrative, up until a point. The scattered pieces of plot leave a large amount up to the player (though reading poorly formatted text is about the most you will be doing) to decipher, and this ambiguity was intriguing and surprisingly well written as it attempted to flesh out a world and characters that the developer didn't have the resources to properly show. But for all it tries to do with its narrative, it eventually becomes clear that many of the stories The Moon Sliver starts, it has no intention of fleshing out or finishing. The troubled relationships between the few remaining inhabitants of the island, the purpose of the island itself, a mysterious supernatural object and the dark creatures it supposedly keeps away, and the internal moral struggles of certain characters are all briefly brought up, but never elaborated upon besides a simple surface overview that leaves more questions than it answers.It's not that the story The Moon Sliver wants to tell couldn't exist without giving these answers, but with so much time devoted to setting a scene and almost none to actually turning said scene into plot when the story finally does want to end and give at least a cursory explanation as to what happened, the revelations feel contrived and flimsy. There was so much more I wanted to know, I'd have gladly pushed through the tedium of some baffling design decisions to find it, but The Moon Sliver is content to end saying little and accomplishing even less."
,Recommended,329830,18424997,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Faudraline,"""Oh world, oh prison dingy whiteOh ghostly shadow greyYour whelming lies of false delightAre dark and cold as moonless nightAnd bleak as sunless day""This passage taken from a discarded poem found in one of the cabins is actually a successful definition for the game itself. A sense of isolation, desperation and abandonment are the building blocks ofThe Moon Sliver, a minimalistic psychological horror by David Szymanski. I've been meaning to play this for a long while, and finally managed to spare an undivided hour to complete it, which is a prerequisite of completion since there is no save game feature. The game is intended to be played in one sitting of an hour, and all there is to explore would fill that hour completely anyhow. The definition of my experience was an effectively uncanny environment mixed with a bit bleak story revelation.The game starts in complete darkness, in a warehouse that resides on a shore line, and there is no one else besides us. We learn thatthere ""used to be"" four people that dwelt on this island, yet there is only one now. We start walking, exploring the island and try to put things together through reminiscences of our character. By gameplay function, this is a walking simulation since there is nothing else to do rather than explore. So no monsters to jump at you if you are in expectancy of a ""big bad wolf coming at you"" scenario.The island itself isn't that big; but the howling wind, the approaching darkness and constant clouds of dust establish an appropriately plain yet ominous setting. I wouldn't call graphics anything extraordinary - minimalistic even - but the choice and display in decoration combinations are in artistic value to set the mood. Added with a sorrowful soundtrack, there is no doubt that we exist in an ultimately forlorn geography without a clue to any happenstance and feel that isolation, that helplessness every second of our one hour gameplay.On story purposes: aside being quite successful in atmosphere,The Moon Slivereither fails to explain much, or intentionally leaves matters unspoken. In either case, anecdotal memories or vague dialogues exchanged by intended characters don't reveal much aside a single act of desperation that would either doom or salvage the former inhabitants. There is no explanation for the purpose of the island, or how people ended up being there in the first place. As it is, this game feels like a glorious demo which would promise for things to come. I heard that there could be some explanation for the background in David Szymanski's next game,The Music Machinewhich I didn't play yet. If so, I strongly recommend playing two games back to back to track a complete story.Do I recommend it? Yes, for observing a complete success on establishing an atmosphere with too little in graphics, but on narrative achievement, I must say that I've seen better. For your half a dollar, it is a good experience. I'll be keeping an eye for more David Szymanski games in the future.Update:Now that I've completedthe Music Machine, I'm positive that these two games should be played back to back. In unison, they form a beautiful story, the tale of a creation and its undoing. Buy them together, enjoy an age old story in some really radical context!Please also check out Lady Storyteller's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
,Recommended,329830,13066331,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,EvilMegaCookie,"While this game is short (Barely 50 minutes), I feel that the time I invested in this was time worth it. 3 euro is rather cheap. Not to mention that this game is an interesting experiment in disjointed narrative. Actually, it might be best to consider it like reading pages spread randomly about an island.The game isn't difficult nor is it intended to be. If you seek a challenge, this is not for you. If you want a game that offers a short but beautifully done atmosphere and story, I would recommend this. While I would hardly consider myself a connoisseur of horror games, few have ever managed to keep me on my toes like this. Few have ever given me such a sense of dread and claustrophobia like this game. Is it the epitome of horror? Hardly. Is it the most amazing story ever told? No. All of these questions are, naturally, subjective. But what it does, it does very well.I recommend that whomsoever playeth this game, thee shalt do it in the span of one sitting."
,Not Recommended,329830,18801806,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Lin,"I'm ambivalent about this first person psychological horror-esoteric-exploration-walking-art game. Because frankly, while I genuinely appreciate what it's trying to do, it ends up being just another horror-esoteric-exploration-walking-art game. Its narrative is interesting at times despite the fact that I didn't appreciate the way it was delivered on the screen, and there are occasionally some nice moments of writing in it. Thematically it touches on one side on the occult and on the other on the existential horror of loneliness and guilt and the complicated nature of human relationships. But its existential despair ended up feeling trite, mainly because it was unsupported by the many rough edges of the gameplay, the writing and the atmosphere.There are some good moments in the (less than an) hour of gameplay it offers, moments when the game sustains its atmosphere of horror, moments when your interest in the characters is peaked. The ending is actually one of those good moments, which is a big bonus point in my book. But there are also many moments of confusion, of frustration at the game design, of not knowing what to do next, of not being clear enough on who is who to actually enjoy the relationship drama played out in the dialog snippets you discover, and of wondering if you're really interested enough to keep playing. And there are simply too many rough edges, in all aspects, from the technical to the artistic. The graphics are a brave attempt but still look very amateur, and the writing tends to oscillate between trying too hard and trying so little that glaring grammatical errors are left unchecked.That said, I have not regretted the hour I spent on the island. Think of this game as an early short story by a promising author who hasn't mastered his craft yet. I can't in good conscience call it a good game, but I would urge anyone who's still curious to play it anyway.For what it's worth, the developer's next game, ""The Music Machine"" is a clear improvement, visually stunning, narratively tighter and set within the same universe, exploring similar themes. If you're going to give David Szymanski only one try, maybe starting there would be a safer bet."
,Recommended,329830,13725217,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,[slckr]robilar5500,"I just played through The Moon Sliver. Took about 20 minutes, but I basically knew what I wanted to do, as I wandered around in the game last night for like an hour before realizing I had missed something crucial and deciding to restart it. My advice would be to fully explore before entering any buildings to prevent this from happening.Interesting game. There are no saves, and it is intended for you to play through in one sitting. Basically, it is an island exploration game, where the story is revealed through your wandering until you reach the end. It's a subtle horror game. Subtle in that it isnt really designed to scare you, but rather to convey a sense of dread as you learn more about what is happening, until finally at the end, everything ties together and the story is complete. Kind of an experimental game from that perspective. It looked very cool, and the actual gameplay, (which consisted of your basic move, click on stuff, and jump around (although that is never a necessity) while carrying a flashlight around to help you see (as it is getting darker and deeper into the night as you progress)), was pretty seamless. There are basically two direct puzzles to solve, only one of which is actually required (and so only one of them is given clues to solve in the game...the other will strictly be trial and error, but can be solved pretty quickly) and two indirect puzzles to solve.I thought it was interesting enough for the dollar or two I spent on it. Some of you may already have this game by virtue of it having been in at least one bundle as well. Worth trying out IMO. Although sparse by design, the story is coherent and interesting and the gameplay serves as an excellent means of conveying the story.8/10 due to the intracacy involved in crafting this very short title."
,Not Recommended,329830,12727573,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,it's💀shoepacabra,"I've been known to like some so-called ""Walking Simulators"" but the best ones show, rather than tell. The Moon Sliver doesn't just dump narration on you to make up for how little the world communicates to you through what you can see -- it dumps it in a messy way, plopping big blocks of text on screen in whatever order you happen to come across the prompts. Are you looking at two text-prompt hotspots at once? Enjoy your big overlapping blocks of now unreadable text.And somehow, despite getting your HUD bombed with pages and pages of narration, you're probably still not going to have any idea what's going on or why you should have sympathy for these characters. For all the words it uses to tell you the story, it ends up telling very little."
,Recommended,329830,12696301,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,WNET_Werns,"The game appears to have a ""correct"" path to its exploration that will reveal the plot in a linear fashion, but it's not essential to follow that path. If you can take the information presented and arrange it properly, the story still flushes out nicely.I was hard pressed to slam on the shift button every time I felt like a long hallway was in need of a sprint button. The lack of sprinting made the game drag out a bit longer than was absolutely necessary. For a game that boasts in the beginning of taking an hour long, it certainly holds to it because you'll spend half of that time staring at every single book on the wall just to read another paragraph of text and the other half walking down hallways, unsure of whether or not you should turn your flashlight off.Despite this, the game played well. Ever since the game dipped into its horror side, I felt chilled and uneasy the entire time. The progression from day to night was flawless, although getting to the final area in flashlight-repressing darkness was a challenge from the Chapel. I'm thankful the game is only worth about $2 or so because if I paid any more I'd be complaining that there wasn't enough content to be worth the price. As it stands, The Moon Sliver has a very interesting story that could be expanded upon in a sequel (or prequel, becauseeveryone dies). The game is worth the price tag but not the time spent to complete it. There's a lot of character development to characters that you don't get to meet, but that might be on purpose because,until the final level, it's very unclear which character you play as.The ending explains why you've been mucking about on a deserted island well enough, but I get the sense that the final moments were the entire point of the game and everything prior to it was just narrative filler.For a $2 game, I'd give it a good 5/5 stars. For a game you actually want to invest more than an hour in, I'd give it 2/5 stars."
,Recommended,329830,30203443,Posted: 26 February,all,снорра,"The Moon Silver is a psychologial horror game that I can't talk much about without spoiling. Without any spoilers the story talks about the fate of four friends that lived in a island under the protection of a holy artifact that kept a Demon away. Everything was okay until one day something happened. During the entirety of the game you will be walking around a small deserted island piecing together a story and getting to know who the four friends were and what happened on the last few days on the island,  and everytime the story progresses a certain amount of time passes. When night falls you must return to the mountain.The game is to be played in one sitting and its duration is of about 1 hour long, so if you are looking for a quick piece of story with some horror added to it. The graphics aren't the best but the soundtrack and the story make it for a great game. I recommed it for people that enjoy these kind of psychological horrors.Game given for free from my friend Luz. Thanks for it."
76561198082947411,Recommended,329830,12677258,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,dru,"Short, but well worth the money. The story is amazing as well as the art style (simple, but worked in the game's favor). I hope to see more from this developer"
,Recommended,329830,12693689,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Dicksnot,"The moon silver is less of a game and more a playthrough short story.It masterfully utilizes the videogame format as a story telling medium and is a master class in what can be achieved with limited graphics.I don't want to spoil the story so I shall instead describe the expirence, I was almost like living though one of H.P lovecraft's works.  I was affected emotionally in a way I have not been by mainstream videogames or films in recent memory. The process of learning more about this world as the story progresses and the identity of the person you are playing as fit was incredibly well done.Look, if you're into mindlessly running around and shooting things then this isnt for you, go play COD or TF2 if you're 6.But if you want a demonstration as to how videogames can be the highest form of storytelling, I strongly suggest you get this immediately.I cannot overstate how impressed I am with this work."
,Recommended,329830,23382689,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,CorvusCorax,"Moon Sliver is on par with those walking simulators that require you to be patient. Patient enough to read one piece of note after the other one in order to make progress. These pieces make up the story which, as it unfolds, is getting more and more interesting. Saying anything more would be a spoiler so I refrain from doing that.Some of the screenshots feature fireplaces - as you read in the darkness of these rooms while the shadows dance on the walls thanks to the light it can certainly create an amazing atmosphere. At the same time it is haunting; you can go as far as to say that your loneliness is horrifying. What is this place? These small houses built on an island that has long been away from society. Where are your friends? Who did you come here with?I think David is onto something here! Let's hope you'll optimise your next project a little better and use a better font / letter size that is more suitable to the eye. Other than that this journey with the Moon Sliver is an interesting one!"
76561198140299850,Recommended,329830,15578544,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,foofaraw,"The Moon Sliver is at the very least, worthwhile. It really IS creepy, immersive, atmospheric. Yes, it holds the interest of the ""participant"". I don't say ""player"" because this is only vaguely a game, though I mean nothing negative by that. There are items to find, things to solve, documents to read. But since, seemingly, it only proceeds once these occurances take place, it is a particularly linear one hour.The Moon Sliver, like most things of man,  is best described by comparisons. My first feeling, which only grew throughout, was Bergman's ""Hour of the Wolf"", a fabulous, trendsetting black and white film, and one of the first art/horror films (in my experience) to use special effects specifically to disorient the viewer. TMS is also strongly Lovecraft, and that is territory I've held dear for over four decades. And substantially Merhige's ""Begotten"", in sound and sight. Its starkness brings to mind many Russian films, significantly Tarkovsky's mind-blowing ""Stalker"". Very much (perhaps too much) a much more recent American film that you will recognize immediately upon the ending of the story, and then strongly throughout in retrospect. ""Homage"" is too kind a word. Regrettably for this review, this film's name would go beyond spoiler and significantly complete the story.The focus is on four named people who have become very close during their time living on an island. Remembered conversations and various personal memories keep the story proceeding and mysteriously ambiguous at the same time. They also tend to distract, thereby keeping disbelief suspended. For this participant that was the most difficult aspect of this story. In some context this whole experience seems less like a completed project, and more like an well thought out, extremely long trailer for a full-blown game concept being explored for popularity and feasibility.Much of the allure of this game is that it goes one step beyond perma-death (when did that term NOT become redundant), and is a no-save game to be completed in one sitting. The premise is that the island of the story has a long history, and is now sinking. A population once numerous has been, for some reason to be determined, reduced to one. Some mysterious form of industry or commerce reduced to unidentifiable, rusting remnants. There are no roads and no boats. No television or computers, though power comes from far off through power lines and towers, presumably traveling SO far across the water as to make escape an impracticality. What strains credibiliy beyond the power source (if possible) is that the island could have possibly sunk enough to be so tiny, and still have supported a wood burning community. (EDIT: Having begun The Music Machine, I now realize that the size of the island was stylized, not literal. Please consider everything in this paragraph in that context. Thank you.) More likely, the backstory and one-hour life are not so much plot devices, as reasons to keep the island small and easy to create, and the story simple without the need to answer questions either within or outside the story. Being told at the opening ""When night falls, enter the mountain."", then being denied entry despite the deepest possible blackness of night is far too clearly a means of communicating non-completion of some task, and seems contrived at both ends.If one ignores all, with the exception of the wind and darkness, isolation and fear, this is a very nice, intensely creepy story to partake in. (Though with minimal replayability.) If one can get this title for a reasonable price, considering the length, I think most people will be satisfied that it absolutely does deliver everything it promises. Play it in the dark.....(Gametime, as with many Steam games, is not tracked offline.)(4CZ)"
76561198042646749,Not Recommended,329830,23332240,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,kris.aalst,"The Moon Sliver is one of those 'visual novels' or 'interactive stories', so it's not a game. And there are two more heads-ups here:- it's very short, 30 to 40 minutes, so it's more of a short story than a novel;- the interactivity is pretty limited. I wanted to elaborate a bit on that but then I considered that might be a spoiler so I decided against it.The story presented here is pretty basic stuff. It's also told in a peculiar way, but I suppose that's due to translation issues rather than intended. The graphics are ok for the purpose they serve, but they are certainly not impressive in a way that they would improve upon the story or the overall experience.I went back and forth between recommending The Moon Sliver or not, but in the end I went with 'No' because of the following facts:1. What you're getting here is a very short story/experience, and not an overly impressive one at that. ""It's ok"" is the most enthousiastic phrase that comes to mind, really.2. Only when it's on sale for less than 50 cents could one consider recommending The Moon Sliver. At its full price it's definitely a 'No Way'!3. Yes, the game has Steam Trading Cards but it's too short for that. When you\'re finished, you will usually have received one of three cards. This means everyone needs to let the game run idly in the background for at least an hour to get the other cards."
,Recommended,329830,32332020,Posted: 10 June,all,pilotchip,"My Score: 7/10. I enjoy these types of short story, environment rich games. Short and not too much to look at, but what tells the tale is taking a few moments to read all the narrative on the screen. Try to immerse yourself in the storyline, turn the volume up, and enjoy the experience. The price point now at $1.99 is appropriate for this game."
,Recommended,329830,22866895,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Kool Kid Kommander,"The Moon Sliver... Well, that was an interesting thirty minutes.There's not much I can say without spoiling the story, so I'm keeping this review short.David Szymanski seems to love making these 'artsy', story-driven short games; and honestly, I love playing them. Well, Szymanski's games never truly felt like games to me; they feel more like vessels for the stories he wants to tell. This story is one of darkness, sadness, death, and the end of days.As you walk through the bleak environment, exploring the remnants of the old world, you'll find snippets of the conversations and thoughts which the story is told through. In the notes are combinations needed to access new areas, and hints on where to go next.If you're not into walking simulators, or games focused on dialogue, then I'd just skip this one. But if you're in any way curious, it's worth the $1.99.Curator page:http://store.steampowered.com/curator/6857919/"
76561197994086084,Recommended,329830,12867880,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Goukiband,"I've seen The Moon Sliver compared to Dear Esther, and while it's not quite in that company, for reasons we'll get to later, it's not a bad explanation of what the game is. An interactive narrative, a stroll-em-up, a walking simulator, whatever, the point is that it's atmospheric and tells a more than competent story.The Moon Sliver takes a novel approach to its story telling. You enter the world not knowing anything about what's going on, but it soon becomes apparent that you're on a small, doomed island and the population have disappeared. As you explore the handful of abandoned buildings you'll discover paraphernalia that you can click on, filling part of the screen with text. As you move around the room the text will fade being replaced with new text you've discovered. The story is deliberately vague, but by walking around the room in the right way you can at least piece together the order it's supposed to be read in.Apart from one, arguably 2 puzzles, the only other gameplay mechanic is your torch, which has the battery life of a Game Gear. You have to keep charging it at one of the outlets otherwise it will flicker and die. You need the torch to see where you're going, and yes, the repeated need to charge it does its job of adding tension, but it feels a little cheap.Graphics don't make a game, or they shouldn't, but there's no denying they can help. The Moon Sliver isn't an expensive game, it wasn't made by a big team, so that it isn't jaw dropping is both understandable and forgivable, but it is to its detriment. The game looks desolate, as it's supposed to, but not always in a good way. Buildings look simplistic, the barren plains a little too barren, and interiors are almost completely empty. There’s little in the way of texture work, the same features are repeated, and environmental effects are limited. Dear Esther worked largely because it looked cold, empty and uninhabited, the evocative moments punched harder because they looked so picturesque. It may be unfair to compare to two, but Dear Esther is indicative of where The Moon Sliver doesn’t work, it doesn’t convince you of its world, it doesn’t take you there.Still though it does tell a good story, and despite all the odds it The Moon Sliver does get tense. The uncertainty and the change of environment, it works, and it’s all set up by the narrative. The music doesn’t quite flow as smoothly as it should, you can hear the moment it clicks back to the start, but it’s tonally perfect, foreboding. The Moon Sliver is worth your time, and it’s cheap enough that it’s probably worth the gamble if you fancy a narrative experience. You do get the feeling that if the developer (David Szymanski) took another stab at this in another couple of years (or his previous game, the surprising and dark Fingerbones) they’d see a huge improvement, but what’s there is still a game that stayed in my thoughts for a few days"
,Recommended,329830,12760054,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,•SADBOY•,"This was a good read. Very short, i would have liked to learn more and get a better feel about whats going on. I read talk of the Moon Sliver 2 possibly? I hope so. It took about 45 minutes to complete the game, i was walking around in the dark half the time because i let my batteries die lol. Bought this while it was on sale at $2.39. I hope they add more things to it. Maybe achievements seeing as they already have cards?"
76561198044922003,Recommended,329830,12871954,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,dbdpdb,"Great game, yet barebone. It's focused but lacks visual variety and deep interaction.You can tell it was made with very limited resources, but it succeeds in spite of that.Overall I recommend. It was a good solid hour of a good story.Just don't be afraid of reading, this game has a lot of it."
76561198025331448,Not Recommended,329830,12706200,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Cave Johnson,"When I saw the 70% sale and the numerous positve reviews on the store page, I immediately took the opportunity to try out the new ""walking simulator"" game.  Turns out it was error on Valve's part as the game wasn't inteded to be that cheap.  Suffice to say, after finishing the game at half an hour (30 minutes short from the expected time), I could definitely say this discounted price value is exactly its worth.As someone who considers Gone Home as 2013 GOTY, I am definitely in tune with the so-called interactive novels (aka: walking simulators) but this is a game that relies too much on interpretation that the novelty of the interactive aspect is diminished.  The game has an unnecessary gameplay cue such as recharging your flashlight which ends up adding tedium to the already lacking of a sprint button; to which certain moments in the game would have you backtracking if you ever miss some parts.There is but 2 puzzles (1 with guesswork) in the game and it does certainly disrupts the flow of the narrative especially if you were given the free ability to explore how you wish.  However, the game's short nature justifies the entire experience as you are left wondering what ""The Moon Sliver"" is and its intended purpose.  Anymore would be already in spoiler territory so I leave it to you to make what you have.Clearly, this is game with an interesting storyline but to charge for it is asking for too much.  I can only recommend this when the price goes back to the 70% range again."
76561198018718954,Recommended,329830,12719000,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Ponies and Cream,"I'm giving this game a positive review because I liked it. However, I would not recommend it to most people unless they are willing to pay $3 for a story (even if it is good) without much gameplay.I mean it when I say I like this game. While not much graphic wise the story has a lot of atmosphere. There was an occasion I actually started feeling helpless despite the game saying 'take your time, nothing will attack you'. I also found out that the same developer made 'Fingerbones' and, while not my favourite game, also had a good sense of loneliness that this game had. The music was also decent. I actually regret not buying it while the game was on sale, but that's only because I like soundtracks.Saying anything about the story itself would go straight into spoiler territory, mainly due to how short the game is. I can say though that there are four friends who were on an isolated island, but the three of them are gone. You play the story to find out why.This game is relatively short. The story is pretty good and the atmosphere and music are a definite thumbs up. The reason I wouldn't recommend this is because I can't see a whole lot of people interested in paying $3-4 for this game. If it happens to go on sale again I would say give this game a try if you like interactive stories and have 30-60 minutes to spare. Otherwise, good game. Glad I had the time to play it."
,Recommended,329830,12759187,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,castorquinn,"In BriefThe Moon Sliver- a game so short that my 'in brief' threatens to be longer than it - is aDear Esther-style walk-'em-up.Most valuable resource:The mystery is engaging.Of interest to:people who enjoyedDear Esther.A couple of years ago if I'd played The Moon Sliver I'd have praised the non-linear narrative and clever repurposing of the video game medium.  Now, I can't help but compare it to those who went before, and, in the context of the exceptionalDear Esther, it's hard not to see The Moon Sliver as Dear Esther Lite.  It is shorter, it has less polished graphics, it has text overlays but no narration, and it has a story which, while it is definitely interesting, lacks the many layers of its predecessor.Is it worth playing?  Certainly, especially at this price - for a couple of dollars you get what is by design a mysterious vignette that takes about an hour to play through, and also get to show your support for storytelling of this kind.However if you go into it expecting the next great walk-'em-up you will find the lack of polish confronting and distracting.  The piece is certainly competent, but it is not exceptional.  The ambient sounds and music are apt, but fairly generic.  The story is told in location-triggered text overlays which sometimes overlap each other, making them hard to read.  The mechanic of the torch running out of battery and needing to be recharged periodically would work in a horror game like Slender, but in this context, where there is mood, definitely, but no danger, the torch recharging is a distraction from your progression, causing you to have to backtrack several times, which can break your immersion when this causes previous set text displays to reappear, this time in reverse.  Little details like this detract only very little from the story, but you will certainly notice them.  The Moon Sliver feels like someone's Game Design final project rather than a commercial release, although understand I mean that less as a criticism and more as a recognition that the game is endearing.  It's not overlong, it manages to avoid being very pretentious, it does what it sets out to do, and what it sets out to do is take an hour of your time and make you wonder what happened on this island.Beyond the flashlight there are two aspects of the game I found a little weak.  One is that there is a hatch at one point, behind which is a lot of story, but which can only be opened by guessing the door code.  Unless I missed something(Yep!I did miss something.  Thanks to crasowl for giving me the heads up that the code is indeed quite easy to find in the game; that one's on me, I just missed it, no excuses)at no point do you learn the code, it is purely guesswork.  It's not hard to guess, but it feels odd to go to the effort of placing a keypad only to not give the player any way to know the key, and then place important story behind it.  The second is that in order to progress you need to 'wait until night', and even wandering around enjoying the atmosphere and the art, I had finished exploring every nook of the island long before night fell, and had to idle my game for about twenty minutes waiting for the next part.  This isn't great for immersion.Why am I spending so long detailing minor gripes like this in a game that is both very short and which I have recommended?  Because if you know about these little things before you play, the story and the atmosphere of the game are such that you may still really enjoy your brief time on the island.  It is only if you expect a long, polished narrative experience that you might be disappointed.For what it is - a short, intriguing, rudimentary, mysterious story-game - The Moon Sliver is charming and engaging, and deserves support."
76561197982957132,Not Recommended,329830,12724014,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Sugoi Sauce~,"Ignore the budget price and the rather pretty screenshots - this is a rather badly designed, rushed looking experience. Everything has been sloppily cobbled together in Unity. Lazy models are constantly reused.  The ""puzzles"" are unsatisfying and trite (key right next to a locked chest? really?). The labyrinthine storage section is frustrating and ugly to look at.With a good narrative this might have been salvaged, but unfortunately it doesn't have the same writing quality of superior games like Ether One or A Machine for Pigs. The fragmented narrative can get frustrating to deal with and the characters aren't really well-developed enough to hold any emotional investment. The premise was interesting enough to hold my attention, though.I honestly hate writing negative reviews for one-man indie games but this was just too lazily put together to ignore. With more care and effort I could have been swayed, but for now I can't recommend experiencing this.(I did enjoy the soundtrack though. Sound design was definitely one of the better elements of the game)"
76561198056837040,Not Recommended,329830,34953866,Posted: 14 September,all,SamSimon,"The Moon Sliver is cheap. So that's a positive thing. And short (you can finish it in 50 minutes), which for me it's always a plus.Still, the Moon Sliver doesn't offer enough even for its price tag. It's not much of an adventure, its point-and-click elements are simply stupid (I solved the two puzzles that I found by proving all possible combinations of the two identical mechanisms governing the puzzles), it is very basic in its graphical elements... and the short-lived battery of the torchlight that you must recharge continuously is simply annoying.As for the story... ok, maybe at the beginning it can seem curious, but there is not much to be taken out of it (sort of like Dear Esther).Another positive thing: I did get shivers with the very last image I saw at the end of the game. But that's it!"
,Recommended,329830,12703301,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,agent_69,"The Moon Sliver is an ambitious horror/exploration game that benifits greatly from the risks it takes. It is very short, and with such a modest asking price it is not a very big investment of time or money. But boy does it pay off.  I beat the game in well under an hour, but I haven't stopped thinking about it since. The horror in this game is not the kind that says ""boo"" and you chuckle about it later. It crawls over you like a rising tide, and your desire to know more about the narrative is challenged by your growing sense of dread. Luckily for me, my desire to complete the game won, and I was very moved by a narrative that is simple, but is told in such a powerful way, and actually leaves you with questions that the game doesn't answer for you. Obviously I love this game, but if your the kind of person who says that narrative/exploration games are not really games due to their lack of gameplay, you'll for sure have the same problem with this game. If that doesn't bug you, do yourself a favor and buy this game, it is truly excellent, and look how cheap it is!"
,Not Recommended,329830,22390786,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,CONIN,"I understand that this is not similar to the average game and that it's purpose is somehow different, I see ""The Moon Silver"" somehow as an ""experience"" portrayed through a graphical novel in some way, but there were some elements that, in my opinion, interfered with the author's purpose.The main story is portrayed to you in the form of procedural texts, that more often than not, get in the way and instead of letting you enjoy the reading along the gameplay, they'll end blocking your field of view for a few seconds making the experience a little bit, or very much, frustrating.The Moon Silver made me feel I was reading a paperback attempt that was left unfinished and forgotten, and then transformed into a lackluster visual novel. The ""unfinished"" feeling gets reinforced with the soundtrack (available as a DLC) because it is conformed by six pieces that does not even contain iD3 tags nor relevant information, and even worse, each one is ""cut"" at the end abruptly.Graphics are pretty basic for todays standards, I would compare them to those present on Quake I, or even simpler than that, but that's not a disadvantage at all given the style of the game. I would recommend playing ""The Music Machine"" instead, it's by far a much better approach to this type of games despite its simplicity.I would say even a game as old as ""Samorost I"" gives you a more fulfilling, satisfying and professional experience.PROS:- It's cheap.- Steam Trading Cards.CONS:- Subpar experience.- Feels like an unfinished, unpolished work.- Hollow history."
,Not Recommended,329830,12785100,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Myrhial,"I loved Dear Esther and Gone Home, and I was hoping this would be like that but with more suspense. The premise is there surely but the execution is abmyssal. Because this is free-form exploration you don't receive the story in a liniar fashion, and I missed a few bits at first, which made it very confusing. Even restarting the game to get a proper start I felt very much confused about what was going on. Now I get that this is part of the idea behind the game but there is something as being too confusing. I don't mind that it is a short game, or that the graphics are minimal, I just mind that in trying to be mysterious it went too far with it and left me with a bad experience. Which is a shame because I have mostly only wonderful experiences with indie games."
,Recommended,329830,12729520,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,John19Morley93,"I have chosen to recommend this game, but I wouldn't say that it's for everyone.Firstly, it's short. So short that it took me about 35 minutes to complete with only a couple of parts missed out (optional info that tells you more in relation to the story). This doesn't mean it's terrible however. No game should be judged primarily on its length, but understandably this will put people off paying for it.Secondly, it's not a sandbox, nor does it have levels, skilltrees, gun mods or anything like that. It's in an incredibly similar style to the mod/indie game 'Dear Esther'. I enjoyed Dear Esther very much, which is why I grabbed a copy of this in the first place, but if you're not a fan of just walking, looking and listening then it might not be the game for you.The game is creepy, at least in my opinion. Not in a spine-chilling, survival horror kind of way, but more in a ""What happened here?!"" kind of way. You're a resident of a deserted island that consists of nothing more than a short mountain, a small abandoned settlement and some underground tunnels. As you analyse objects and enter certain areas, you'll learn about the various ex-members of the island's community via a series of text boxes. I like a game that forces you to read rather than listen, so this wasn't a bad thing for me, however I did start to tire of the boxes fading in and out in transparency every time I moved further or nearer to the objects that generated them.Graphically, I can't quite call it beautiful, but it has a weird sort of prettiness to it. The visuals ever so slightly remind me of the point and click puzzle classic, Myst, in that it's relatively bleak yet still colourful in it's own right. The textures and shadows aren't what you'd describe as impressive, but again have their own style of charm, and are more than enough that's necessary for this particular game, should you choose to describe it as that.The sound effects are a little bit dull, but the droning, atmospheric, ambient soundtrack that bobs in and out of the story's progression sounds great. It's very well fitting for this type of story, puts you on edge from time to time, and adds a thin, but satisfactory level of tension and fear.The ending (don't worry, there are no spoilers) didn't quite wow me, but it was very nicely done and was a fitting end to what turned out to be a chilling, mysterious tale.I enjoyed The Moon Silver all in all and would recommend it to those that love to explore desolate, post-apocalyptic like environments. Those of you that enjoy a nice mystery would enjoy it also, as it takes a little bit of thinking here and there to figure out the order of events. I would, however, NOT recommend it to those that prefer to have a lot of options, weapons, inventory screens etc. This is a fairly simple game designed purely to tell a story. 7/10."
,Recommended,329830,13490247,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,i. f.,"A very short, yet extremely interesting experience. Fresh concept and intriguing story, fantastic atmosphere. The ending sequence is really well done as well, very cinematic."
76561198048974498,Recommended,329830,12763361,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,rjmacready,"I'll start out by saying that while I AM giving this game a recommendation, I most certainly am NOT recommending it to anyone for the full retail price of two dollars and ninety-nine cents.  Even those of us who don't expect ten hours of gameplay per dollar we spend should probably wait for a sale, 'cause it's DANG SHORT.  I'm also not going to recommend it to anyone who doesn't enjoy READING, nor anyone who expects anything vaguely resembling ACTION.  Still here?  Okay, let's examine it a little closer then...Despite being one of those people who very much believes in the notion of ""experimental storytelling"" in video games, I must say this one's pushing its luck a little.  A short story format may well have served the tale being told here better than a ""game""; which, even by my own broad definition, this only BARELY qualifies as.  Gone Home, on the other hand, NEEDED to be a game, and would have made an appallingly♥♥♥♥♥♥""read"" in and of itself...so why was this so?Well, simply put, it was a game where you had to explore a defined area, discover clues as to what had happened there, and gradually piece the story together.  The Moon Sliver operates on much the same principle, EXCEPT...the area you explore is much, much smaller, and the vast majority of the ""clues"" are given not so much as real-time items which you can find and interpret the meaning of as you see fit, but rather as literary passages which represent memories of, I assume, the character you are playing.  In that sense, perhaps, it's also quite a bit like Dear Esther, but again...even THAT game was longer and arguably more substantial in the information which it ultimately delivers.Which isn't to say that The Moon Sliver doesn't create an atmosphere, or is completely lacking in game ""mechanics"".  Quite to the contrary, it actually has one ""mechanic"" which was so prominent as to be almost obtrusive and annoying at times...which is to say, that while trying to keep one's flashlight fully charged was an essential part of the SUSPENSE of a game like Outlast, it's mostly just an irritation in this game. Especially when your primary light source starts flickering in the middle of a climactic, night-time wind-storm, amidst which you have to find your way to a specific location with ♥♥♥♥-all visibility.In my opinion, the game would have been plenty atmospheric enough with a fully-functional flashlight throughout...but then again, after all the flak which the second Amnesia caught on account of its severely stripped-down ""mechanics"", one can't really blame designers for playing it safe and throwing one or two (however unnecessary) ""gameplay"" elements in there, especially at this juncture in time.The Moon Sliver definitely tells an interesting story - though one which, I imagine, will only ""blow the mind"" of people who haven't read a great many horror and/or science-fiction short stories - and it tells its tale well enough, within the confines of how it chooses to do so.  It's only the chosen medium and the price-tag which I'm really querying, not the talent involved.  I definitely look forward to future games from the chap who made this, I just hope that he'll get more ambitious and more realistic about market values from here on in.  Imagine how many more people would give this a shot - and with a little luck, be pleasantly surprised! - if it were being given away for free or for something as negligible as, say, zero dollars and ninety-nine cents.Wait for a sale, and enter with an open mind, and you just may get that small but pleasant surprise after all, in spite of all the reservations I've just expressed.  A very nice ""demo"", but I'm still reluctant to qualify it as a fully-fledged product/game.Verdict: 7.5/10.UPDATE: Since originally posting this review, the RRP of this product has dropped to $1.99 USD, a much more reasonable asking price. A definite recommendation to the curious."
,Recommended,329830,12748082,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,badgersmack,A good way to spend an hour.
76561198078694541,Recommended,329830,12689427,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,I like pancakes,"Well, here is my review for the game so far. The dev is a great writer, and is able to give you a sense of fear phycologically which is an art in itself; however, considering this game was made by unity in the most barebones way possilbe is dissapointing. I am currently developing a walking simulator type game and thought to give this game a try. Figuring it uses the engine I am using, and is in this type of genre. Here are the pros and cons.Pros:1. Great Writing.2. Wonderful music, though I wish there was a little more variation3. The feeling that it was tyring to draw out of the player while experienceing it.Cons:1. Obvious lack of time on developing it. Yes, I know this isn't a consumer issue. Anyone who has dealt with Unity, even a little, will be able to see what you did. I can describe how you developed your game in just possible 2 paragraphs.2. This ties in to Pro #2. Lack of music variation though the music sets the tone.3. Bad level placement desicions. The water able to walk on? Along with electrical poles and such in the water? Is this hell or something?4. The dev tested little to none.5. Lack of game playablitly. I was able to complete this game within just 15 minutes. Sorry son, you need more to be asking for that price.So do I like this game, and would I recommend it? Yes, I would. Though this game does have more flaws than pros, I still appreciate what the dev was shooting for. Who would've thought that amazing loop playing music and simple line of texts to read would give you sense of lonliness anyway. I just hope the next game this guy works on will have him invest a little bit more into the game (cash wise) for us consumers to get more out of it."
76561198058786105,Recommended,329830,28210306,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,terrypynn,"This is a very haunting game, in the sense that it sticks with you a long time after you've finished. It has the right level of creeping unease and a fantastic non-linear plot that is revealed in a patchwork of messages that you discover around the island. You aren't even sure from which perspective you're viewing the game, which also adds to the general malaise. It doesn't take long to complete, but that doesn't matter, as the content is richly textured and fascinating to uncover. Highly recommended."
,Not Recommended,329830,29301857,Posted: 16 January,all,Perth,"Mysterious, sure. A bit creepy at the end. Otherwise? Rather convoluted before you learn the characters names. Had to play twice to understand the story they were trying to tell because they didn't describe the individuals well enough for relationship dynamics to make sense until about half-way through piecing together the story."
76561197999358786,Recommended,329830,22847939,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,slytherinblack,"First and foremost, I'm definitely interested in seeing more from this indie creator.However, don't go into this expecting a ""game"" - there are interactive elements, but they aren't terribly challenging or an important component of the experience. A better description might be something more like visual, interactive fiction. Where The Moon Sliver shines is the storytelling, which is done in an incredibly creative way that is largely non-linear. And I definitely got the heebies playing this late at night (though I'm easily scared).Someone reviewing this program as a ""game"" is likely to give it a lower score than it necessarily deserves, but a player who doesn't go in expecting a gameplay experience is likely to enjoy the experience for what it is, and enjoy it a lot more.My one criticism is that the maps in the underground section were not terribly imaginative. I feel they could have been put together more efficiently and less predictably."
,Recommended,329830,24022701,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,fabenus,"Short, but interesting..."
76561198252324586,Recommended,329830,19972922,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,The_MintyMallard,"This game...I felt like I just went through a tramatic experience.  It was fantastic!  Although it has very simplistic game mechanics and isn't the prettiest to look at - it's the story that grabs you.  You, as the protragonist, will go around exploring looking to unfold the story before you.  It being a pych. horror, will get you thinking and it's really your own mind playing tricks on you that makes this scary.  No jumpscares, but pure mind altering scaring.  Great story writing, and great soundtrack.  As as replay value, it's not a game I would replay over and over again - your first intial play through gives this game its weight and value.  5/5"
76561198155756238,Recommended,329830,20392197,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,specterdawn,"The Moon Sliver is, to be honest, less of a game & more of an experience. You'll need to dedicate an hour of your time ( roughly ) to it. It has no save system, really nothing to break the immersion - just you, the screen & the story. & this is one breath - taking tale. While the game's graphics do lack a little, it doesn't ever remove from the time you're in it ; if anything, this barren & rather sorrowful expanse only adds to the curiosity of everything. I highly, highly recommend this game to anyone seeking a short escape or in need of a good long bout of contemplation when that hour's passed. In terms of price, it's well worth it. You'll wind up with more than your money's worth when it's all said & done.As a note on recommending it : I have mentioned this little gem to a few friends & gotten nothing but positive feedback from those who bought it.Happy travels !"
,Recommended,329830,12731411,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,kingofkings5632,"I'll fully admit that this game isn't for everyone. It's very short, lasting only about an hour, and the gameplay only involves walking around and looking at objects for hints of the story taking place. As for horror, its very psychological, but if jumpscares are your thing, this isn't for you either.If this description doesn't turn you off though, what I will say is that what this game sets out to do, it does brilliantly. It causes serious fear, even when nothings happening, because you're so uncomfortable with your surroundings. The story is shattered and disjointed, but gripping, making you want to fit the pieces together to try and figure out what's actually going on. The graphics aren't the most detailed, but this is a positive too as I feel it helps the mood more than realistic graphics ever could.I really recommend trying this if it sounds like a game you're interested in. It's an amazing experience, one a review can't quite give justice."
,Recommended,329830,12703566,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Syzygy,"First of all, if you've played a game like Gone Home, then you know whether or not you'll like this game. It's very similar in it's storytelling approach. It's nowhere near as polished as Gone Home, but that was a $20 experience and this is a $2 experience.If you haven't played Gone Home, then you should try this game anyway. You'll either love or hate it, and for only $2, it's not a ridiculous bet to take.  I've sold Steam trading cards for more.Ultimately, ""The Moon Sliver"" is a short, short story in game form, and although it's rather rough and cheaply made, it's still a beautiful piece of art."
,Not Recommended,329830,12730683,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Voxit,"This game is short. You can finish it in about 30 to 40 minutes. I bought it on sale because it was cheap and a lot of people recommended it but I can't do the same. I am not bashing the game or saying that it's bad, I just don't think this is a game that is worth the buy.The story was interesting at first and the atmosphere was quite good but as I was nearing the end of the game, I found that I was still confused about what was happening in the story. I don't think I got a good enough explanation as to what, why, and how everything was actually happening. And unfortunately that ultimately ruined the impression I had in the beginning. I wanted more but there wasn't more, what was given is not enough.As a person that loves story games, I say the story wasn't all that great so if that is the reason you are here, I say turn back and look elsewhere."
,Recommended,329830,13098949,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Chroma,"Personally I loved this.If you're looking for shiny baubles graphically, then this wont be for you.If your seeking non-stop wall to wall action, again not for you.Don't like reading? Move along.But for those of us who enjoyed 'Dear Esther,' 'Only If,' 'Flower,' 'Journey' or those who loved 'Riven' for its atmosphere and tone, for a generation who can look beyond graphical shortcommings and can fill in the blanks with a sadly much underutilised imagination. You'll enjoy it.It's certainly not for everyone, but for those select few who appreciate using their cognative abilities, it's wonderful."
,Recommended,329830,13442294,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,LegendInfected,"Not sure how I feel about this game...On one hand, I appreciate that the game throws you onto a random island with only a flashlight and lets you discover the story through on-screen text that appears as you adventure through and observe new areas or items.but...On another, most of the story will probably be confusing because you'll visit places out of sequence and you wont be sure if the text on screen was intended for a previous scene or not. And after all this is said and done, it will probably only last you about an hour.I salute Mr. Szymanski for his attempt at a non-linear explorative game. My only problem is that I wish it was longer. Much longer."
,Recommended,329830,23808250,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Rogue,"Short, but interesting...different."
76561198013141287,Recommended,329830,14703146,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Centipede,"The Moon Sliver. The kind of quiet, atmospheric game I like to get lost in on a late weekend night. If you hate walking simulators, read no more :)On a remote island of many secrets, there lived four people in whose past you can take a peak. As you walk across the island, flashlight in hand,  you will explore their personal spaces and reminisce about their conversations.I'll be honest, the object models and their textures are not that pretty. Still, a short, 1-2 hour one-man game, it's an evocatice experience, of whistling wind, moon rays and melancholy music. Very rarely do I find this atmosphere that seems right out of a dream.The game hides a mystery and a twist and holds a very effective ending. Very recommended to fans of Dear Esther or Serena, and anyone looking to get lost on an island thick with personal stories for an hour or so."
,Recommended,329830,14398325,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,S S Absolution,"The Moon SliverA short narrative game that allows for free exploration and discovery. There is no real objective other than to uncover the story. It plays out in a few short sections that can last between 10 - 20 minutes. The scenery will change and that will be your notification that the game has moved forward. The controls are as responsive as you will need them to be.The visuals in this game are acceptable for what this game is. It does enough and purely enough, nothing flashy or special. The issue I had was that the writing gave me a different sense in this game from what the visuals sometimes portray. A few scenes will reach out and touch you in a visual sense but they are the exceptions.I did enjoy the soundtrack. It is the majority of where the ambient mood comes from. It will help you when you begin to feel disconnected from the visuals.The writing and the story are done well and with a certain emotion that makes up for the vagueness. The metaphysical journey it takes you on is filled with a certain trepidation, wonder, and confusion. It is a fantastic enjoyable tale.The mechanics are a little clunky as the text you are meant to read will sometimes overlap making it impossible to read. The point and click also has the potential to annoy and distract from the other excellent portions of the game.The game can potentially be replayed to gather more intrigue into the story and nature of the surreal place and its inhabitants. An excellent way to kill an hour getting lost in a story that has the proper amount of vagueness to get your imagination rolling.Would Recommend! 8 / 10"
76561198137634265,Recommended,329830,28156071,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,my name is jieff,"With simple yet nice looking graphics, beautiful and well-placed music and a ♥♥♥♥ing amazing plot, I give The Moon Sliver a 9/10.I got this game on sale like, two years ago (it was like 99 cents or something, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ It was hell cheap anyways), and didn't touch this game, since my pc was (and still is) really ♥♥♥♥ing bad (oh yea and I didn't speak that much english backt then). And here I am, 2 years later, asking myself what the ♥♥♥♥ I have been missing the past 2 years.I really recommend buying this game, the plot is amazing, the graphics are ok and.. yea that's about it."
,Recommended,329830,23692417,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Hitchet,First art piece made by David Szymanski. Not as good as further games but still pretty nice visual novel with a solid sense of storytelling.6/10
76561198001634687,Recommended,329830,24284917,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Krosis95,"Went into the tunnels, heard a growl, quit the game...10/10 would poop pants again!"
76561198020746125,Recommended,329830,12870801,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Cake,"Very short (took me 40 min, wasn't rushing) and unpolished, but the price was right at $2 on sale. The story and atmosphere are pretty interesting, I was pleasantly surprised. Since people keep comparing it to Dear Esther.... yes, the atmosphere is similar, but there's nothing in common story-wise."
,Recommended,329830,12739999,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,alixir,"i really enjoyed this game. The atmosphere is perfect, while it is obviously not high budget it is more than acceptable and the gritty feel to things enhances the game. I really enjoyed the concept overall (once I had reached the ending and understood what was going on) and the sort of past-present tense of reading old dialogues and books (and not knowing who you were til the end) was fantastic!!! All the conversations and characters were well done, and melancholy and beautiful. I would only suggest that the investigate symbols were larger when popping up next to items/doors.if you enjoy open world exploration, psychological stuff and almost melancholy/apocalyptic conversations and characters and situations, recommend this game!!!! It is inexpensive and a great play through. Likely, however, that it is a once in a blue moon replay-through...not something to play over and over again, the story does not fit with doing so."
,Recommended,329830,12737363,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,falcon_main,"for 89 cents,good storyminimal typos"
76561198082254770,Not Recommended,329830,12838939,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Bardouv,"Pros:artisticgreat soundtrackCons:no save (debatable)low graphicsno real use for flashlight charging- obviously a necessity in the actual game but pretty pointless to have it need recharging as the game is so shorttoo shorttoo small a mapplot easily missed (story is all written, and if you don't hunt out every nook and cranny you will miss alot of the story)overall a decent way to spend 40 minutes (figured there was more to the underground storage so I went thru it all a couple of times) but seems too much like an alpha release4/10"
76561197969405967,Recommended,329830,12947260,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,ddunk,"You don't shoot anything, the graphics are rudimentary (but effective, with some great lighting, atmosphere and sound), and most of story is presented by reading.And I liked it.There's no arrows telling you where to go or what to do, but the premise is intriguing enough to explore..As pieces of the story fell into place, the windswept world became real and I had to know what happened next.  Fortunately it doesn't take long to find out.  Short but sweet, with a satisfying conclusion.I really enjoyed it.  Give it a chance and see if doesn't pull you in."
,Not Recommended,329830,13202572,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Dances With Wombats,"The good:Moon Silver is a simple exploration game. I like games that go without any action, especially when you are sick and don't have reactions good enough to win a Street Fighter match. The controls are simple. You walk, look around (first person perspective), you can jump and activate your flashlight. Finally, you have a use button to uncover hidden snippets of information on the story of The Moon Silver (and open doors etc.). The game is reasonably short, I completed it in seventy minutes, but stupid as I am I spent thirty because I didn't know what to do at some point. So if you don't want to spend a lot of time with a short story in a manner of Steven King fantasy, you're good with this game.The music was mildly unsettling/eerie and fitting the overall tone of the game, while at the same time put in good spots (I only wish there was a bit more of that ambience in more places and sometimes the quality of the background just didn't measure up with other tracks).Finally I like how there were no achievements added to the game. You don't want to play it to go out of your way to break it, you just experience the story.The bad:The comparison to Steven King hurts, because the writing is not nearly as good. There's a lot of stuff left open and I have no idea what all this crap was all about. You don't get any feeling of the pieces being left out making it more poetic or free for your own interpretation, half the time it's just, like, ""What, really?"" The text snippets popping up are just clumsy and written without any heart. If you make a story-centered game, please keep track of the writing. Have someone read it, judge it and clean out all the typos. Indie authors can do that, you wouldn't be the first. The story by itself is mildly interesting but didn't blow me away at all. It's very depressing, yes, but I miss the deep psychology other reviewers saw completely. Maybe I wasn't in the right mood for it but I found stories like those of ""Gone Home"" much more approachable than this. The final thing is: Why is it never said who you really are? I mean, you are playing one of the four people of the island but you're not allowed to know whom? I correctly guessed it after twenty minutes anyway, so it's not a big loss, but what's the point?Also, the graphics are not good. I know it's an indie game using textures from Devian Art but there is a special kind of non-understanding needed to misplace some of the textures as horribly as was done here, e.g. those so-called barrels look horrible, more like drainage pipes made of some very pixelated kind of wood. The flash light looks horrible. I don't know why the cone of light is never changing shape, no matter where I point it. Also it only keeps running for 2 minutes or so which kind of seems unneccessary for a exploration game. At some point in the game the day turns to night and it's one of those nights where you don't see♥♥♥♥♥♥ Well, it somehow fits the story in the end, but then please give me the ability to take more than one flash light. I'm not carrying anything else, do I?Finally I wanted to complain about the design choices a little bit. There are -- if I recall correctly -- eight different houses accessible in the game, but somehow seven of them look pretty much the same. Sometimes the furniture changed a little bit and the wall texture is different, but all in all it's always the same one-room bulding. Doesn't make for a lot of exploratory fun when you always see the same. Also, the text snippets are hidden at completely random places during the game. Of course you want to look for super-important hints in empty drainage-pipe barrels and empty chairs.The bits important for progress (which really is just one bit of text, I think) is on the other hand placed sensibly. Then again the design of one of the tunnels is completely insane. It's supposed to be a storage tunnel but it is just an empty dark labyrinth. It has a bunch of lights at the ceiling, but of course there is no switch to be found. Instead you run again stupidly to ever-same-texture tunnels, never knowing when there's a turn because the cone of the flash light always has the same shape. Fun.Finally, the music that was placed good is scarce. Most of the time you just hear the stupid wind blasting over the island with an everlasting sandstorm (which is kind of unreasonable since the whole island is only spanning twenty seconds of walking). I wish the developer spent more time on finding more of this well-placed music to increase immersion and the eerie atmosphere he established so well in other parts.The verdict:The idea was fun at first, but running around clueless for thirty minutes made the story less enjoyable. The whole story didn't really unfold as beautifully as it could have and you don't get enough information at all to really understand what's happening or has already happened. Once I knew how to solve this one puzzle that held me back the story ended within ten minutes and very abruptly at that. Along with only 'meh' graphics and a lot of bland text to read I can not really recommend the game. It could've been a lot better with more care about textures, sound and better writing. But if you can overlook those things and don't have to think ""aw, this could've been so much better"" all the time you might just be good with an hour of entertainment. If not sure, you just need to consider if it's worth three USD or not."
,Recommended,329830,12693282,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,The Mad Cunt Of Christmas,"Well, this game pleasantly surprised me.In all honesty I purchased the game purely as it was tagged as a Psycological Horror, yet there were no screenshots to ""prove"" it. I'm a huge fan of ""don't ask me about the game, just play it"" and love the unexpected. If you are likeminded, its definately worth picking up The Moon Sliver.The graphics aren't incredible and the controls are very simple, but that all adds to the charm, and to a certain extent, the creeepiness of the game. The Moon Sliver is saying more through less as its the lack of entities that make it such a chilling piece of work. I'm unsure as to whether this is as a result of a lack of time or resources from the author, or whether this was intended to be so, but either way it works terrifically well.As you can see, it took me roughly an hour to complete the game. I have more to say about playing The Moon Sliver after 60 minutes, than I do about some horror games that I have invested 10 hours into. If you appreciate story, atmosphere and more subtle horror then you'll get your monies worth out of this short and sweet experience."
,Not Recommended,329830,12727140,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Atelier Ani,"A very interesting story idea with decent execution, but overall is just too short and too under explained. Don't get me wrong - I love story games. Something exploration-based with lots of clues to a story is something I'd love to play, but this is lacking severely. You only get a fragment of the story and there's hardly anything to explore. For something listed as 'horror' it isn't even slightly scary, and it seems more like a short demo one's still in the process of making, rather than a complete game. Worth a play, but don't pay for it."
76561198173095807,Recommended,329830,15083859,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,CrazyDave,"A walking game around an island. You have 8 buildings to visit, an underground silo and inside of a mountain. Inside one of the buildings in a block of 4 is 5 keys to find. Open the briefcases, unlck the silo above ground and one in the mountain. I was finished in 69 minutes."
,Recommended,329830,12704367,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Kodeki,Intriguing & thought-provoking. First time in a long time I've actually jotted down notes while playing a game.
,Recommended,329830,12713168,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Plundermaster,"Confusing, eerie, disturbing, and then increasingly chilling until a flash of terror makes you wish you hadn't clicked this game. A dark, fresh, twisted little adventure meant to be finished in one brief sitting. It's built in the always-unimpressive Unity engine, but that doesn't keep it from being immersive and compelling. The non-linear story telling is what makes this game shine, and if that's what you're looking for, drop a couple of bucks and enjoy this enigmatic gem."
76561198001805339,Recommended,329830,12855447,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,PsychSpec,"It may be the most ""Unity engine"" game ever sold, but this one hour experience is well worth taking, with an interesting story and some really cool moments."
,Recommended,329830,13339404,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Agathon & Grima,"An interesting little game.  I'm a bit of a fan of walking simulators/exploration games, and this one is pretty good.  You just walk around a small island finding small snippets of story.  And it's an interesting story, one I'd be interested in reading more of.The scenery is lovely, the sound effects are good, and the walking is quick.  I'd would of liked there to be a bit more story, but overall it was very interesting."
,Recommended,329830,12703339,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,HellFox,"Great game. Not even an hour of play time, but the atmosphere was great."
,Recommended,329830,18049883,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,AstaKOlafs,"This is more an interactive short story than a game, but it's a very good interactive short story. If you like story heavy games I highly recommend it. It's quite short (takes about an hour to play through), but it doesn't really need to be any longer. It's a cheap, simple, mood heavy and interesting."
,Not Recommended,329830,16810528,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Ben,"garbage, island is smaller than asian noodle"
,Not Recommended,329830,22035585,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Devil#2,"The impression I had when I walked away from this game is that it should have been done in a different medium. The story may have been good, but I approached it as a game, involving first-person atmospheric horror, and the story was being presented to me as on-screen text, which felt like an intrusion.I didn't finish it, because the mountain can only be entered once the player has discovered all the pieces of the story. Having missed some piece somewhere, I wasn't too interested in wandering around for who knows how long before I found it and could advance.I have no criticism for the graphics of the game, as it was obviously a labor of love by probably only one person, and production value takes man-hours. What I was disappointed by was the fact that it didn't convey its story through gameplay, which is kind of why you make something in this particular medium. Stories, especially ones being told in a horror-esque setting are best conveyed visually, where the player see, hears, and interacts with the environment. In this, portions of the story are told out of order when the player interacts with objects that may have nothing to do with the story section being told. That, and the various clips found in a room can start overlapping, making it impossible to read.I don't regret the money spent to support new developers, but I would suggest to creator to give some thought to the medium you're creating in. If you want to tell a story, find ways to convey it to the player without resorting solely to text."
,Not Recommended,329830,15455262,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Summarily Executed,"It's not finished. The textures are crude and the storyline is crudely delivered. It's almost like it's trying to be Myst, but instead it looks like an alpha version. The dev just took basic Unity tools and made an island. The lack of care shows. It's only $3, but after spending even 5 minutes I doubt it's worth even that."
,Recommended,329830,24366299,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,SchillBoner,"I purchased this game a few months back and put off playing it until today. I am glad I finally got to it. Great short experience, not so much a game. It is basically a ""walking simulator"" with a great story and atmosphere. Also good to know that I'm not the only one who thought this was called ""The Moon Silver""."
76561198094841510,Recommended,329830,26094868,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Luna,"Pretty decent game for $2, is it a AAA title with the story to compete with Christopher Nolan? No it's an indie dev with a stroy to keep you interested until the ending, and then you realize it was worth it."
76561198046391418,Recommended,329830,21709470,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Juura,"6 out of 10Do I recommend this game? If you:Like walking, story-centric horrorsHave an hour to spareHave the cash to spareThen yes, I do.Did this game blow my mind? No, of course not. The walking, story heavy horror has a lot to offer, but it takes a lot to really tap into the potential. This game gently caressed the surface. Given that it was made by one person, however, I think it did a fair job. The story was easy enough to piece together, so long as you're able to understand subtle clues. And there was a nice, rounded twist at the end that explained, without a wall of text, what your purpose for the exploration was. I found that was a nice touch and it made the completion of the game satisfying.Unless I missed a portion of story (which is possible, as I guessed one puzzle so unless that was what I was supposed to do, I may have missed some minor reveals) then most of the questions were answered in some formatm which was nice.The praise being said, this game doesn't have any replayability, aside from having a friend who doesn't handle horror well playing it while you watch and snicker in the background. A nice soundtrack and fair but not amazing graphics. However, again referencing to the fact that it was made by one man. Making a game isn't easy, after all."
,Recommended,329830,13840288,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,shiaakuma,"This was short but fun, with no save function and intended to be played in a single sitting.  It's the kind of quiet creepiness that I really value in a game, with enough tension in places that I actually jumped out of my skin a couple of times (just from ambient noises, and once from a noise in my own house!).They recommend having about an hour to play it start to finish, and my playthrough clocked in at 50 minutes, so I was right on ""schedule"" for completion; this was with me poking into every single corner of the island, and I'm sure I managed to miss a few things.I'm honestly not sure what I think of the plot itself; it was unique and unfolded in a compelling way, but now a day or so after finishing the game, I'm still not sure what I think of it.  The gameplay and unique aspects of the game completely eclipse any skepticism of the plotwriting itself, though, so I'm going to recommend the game anyway.All in all, $2.99 for an entertaining hour of game is worth it to me.  When deciding to purchase, bear in mind that it is a walking-simulator-styled game, with no combat.  It is entirely exploration based, with the occasional need to recharge your flashlight.  If that's not your kind of thing, you'll want to bypass this one.  If, however, you're new to the genre and want an inexpensive ""trial run"" of the game style, I'd say give it a shot."
,Not Recommended,329830,32174234,Posted: 4 June,all,microfloppy,It's not a bad game but it's not revolutionary either. A walking simulator in a limited area where you learn about the past reading books and finding items. Unfortunately the genre is flooded with similar games and this one doesn't stand out.I do appreciate the work of the indie developer though and hope that they keep making games and developing their skills.
,Recommended,329830,23246896,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Shjya,"This is a story-driven game.  It's an interesting story, as well.  You must piece together from past conversations what has happened.  I enjoyed the game, I thought the price was fair for the 45 minutes I played it.    I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys story-based games."
,Recommended,329830,23200152,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Bee - The Scrabby Gabbit,"Very short, but intricate game.This isn't a game set out to challenge the best gameplayers, or show off the best visuals, it's here to tell a story.Personally I found the story intriguing but a litle spacey (as intended), so I had to jump right back in after I'd finished it to try and piece more of the story together.It's definitely worth the price, and feels like reading an interactive book where you set the pace!There are trading cards too, which is great because games this small don't often make the effort to include them."
,Recommended,329830,25695691,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,kelseyr713,"This took me about thirty minutes, I'm not sure if I found everything there is to find, but it was a very enjoyable, tense experience."
,Recommended,329830,12880495,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Son of a submariner,This game managed to creep me more out than most other games could. Honestly. And I have no clue how it did that. O.O
,Recommended,329830,17931186,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Dr. Space Cowboy (Miguel),"A great game to play when you have some time to kill and want to fully experience something new. This game is meant to be completed in one setting. It is a fun game and doesn't really have much more than a great storyline, rich and eery score, and a plot anyone can grasp. All the needed elements to make a great time.-Rich Score-Great Atmosphere-Amazing storyline-Easy mechanics-Fun for all ages-Eery vibes but no jumpscaresThe game is truly something you should go out and play, as well as everything else the developer has published as each game gives a little bit something new and something different."
76561198116853931,Recommended,329830,14461735,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,EdgyAllenPoe,"STORY:The Moon Sliver is a mystery based exploration story game.It involves dark, brooding themes of loneliness, piece by piece information and mortal philosphy on existence.Set aside an hour and a half to complete.PERFORMANCE:The game engine is relatively simple and will not require much to run; I played this on a terrible, terrible notebook without any issues.NOTES ON GAME PLAY:It can sometimes be difficult to find the next piece of the story, or at the least, tedious to back track.I do also proclaim the ""exit"" button on the menu as my rival. Several months ago I got this game and halfway through I paused the game, and when I returned I assumed that the ""exit"" button would unpause the game; it will instead exit the game without any double checking. On my replay and on my own accord, I absent mindedly did it again. Fool me once, right? So yeah... do not click exit unless you want to close the game... it can be... *sour taste* frustrating... especially because...There is no save option. This game must be completed in one sitting. This is neither a pro or a con to me.CONCLUSION:I recommend this game as both a game, a short visual story and an inspiration/dread to my thoughts of being a mortal man.Enjoy."
76561198207673317,Recommended,329830,29128009,Posted: 8 January,all,snarkfactory,"This game is fascinating. Instead of any conventional gameplay elements, you explore the island that serves as the main setting, unraveling the story as you go along. You never see any of the characters that are mentioned, so your mind fills in the blanks based on what you are given. This aspect, in my opinion, works very well for the game. Plus, as you go along, the game becomes increasingly tense, using the lighting and sound design to make certain moments genuinely terrifying. My only problem with the game is a lack of direction. While it is good that the game lets you explore at your own leisure, there were a few moments where I had no idea what to do. All in all, The Moon Sliver is a great, short experience for those looking for a calmer, story-based game."
76561198063926447,Recommended,329830,20690397,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Roughbark,Those last moments though. Just ... Wow!
76561198113591084,Recommended,329830,17053483,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,MilkTime,The Moon Sliver is almost relaxing to play untill you learn more about the story as you play. It is definetly a game to play and replay to show your friends the spooky/relaxing atmosphere the game brings to you.
,Recommended,329830,12695082,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Rage,"This is a story driven game.  Think Gone Home & Dear Esther.  For what it is, he's done a great job at driving the story and making the characters come alive.  It's about an hour long game, where you read narration of the thoughts of these characters.  Think exploration and mystery.  You're by yourself trying to figure out what happened to these characters as there are remnants of recent activity on the island.  The graphics and game mechanics are what you would expect from a free engine, but again, this is story driven.  It's well worth the $3 on steam and I would recommend this to anyone who likes a good story."
,Recommended,329830,12702516,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,[RRT] Darm,"An interesting narrative told through written dialogue and journals. If you enjoyed Rodina or Gone Home, you should definitely give this a try."
76561198049834273,Recommended,329830,12728116,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Hoops Kerrigan,"This is a really cool game that's all about atmosphere. You start off alone on an island, and you're left to discover the mystery of what happened to the others.Lots of suspense throughout the entire game.Is a game that can be completed in an hour, but keeps your interest the whole way through."
,Recommended,329830,13099981,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,KaleeshWarrior,Easily one of the best endings I've seen in a horror-ish type game. It's really hard for horror titles in any medium to stick a landing half as well as Moon Sliver does. The writing's good. The casual walking is at just the right speed. The game never overstays its welcome.Just a distinct pleasure to play all around.
,Recommended,329830,12815505,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,SirDwaynicus,"If you like a game where you follow a story, sitting on the edge of your seat and to wait for another scary moment. This is the game!!!"
,Recommended,329830,12712608,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,file,"Buy this game.I did originally write a very, very long winded review about how incredible this game is, but when I read it over I discovered I was not only a horrible reviewer but also a horrible debater. So instead, I will sum up my experience with the game.-The story and it's implications gave me shivers and chills both for a good solid 20 minutes. Not because it was terrifying (it isn't a horror game), but because it was that powerful.-The graphics are Gamecube worthy, but the story, sounds, music, etc. overshadow that.-You have a flashlight in the game. It isn't a huge part of anything, really, but if you use it you have to recharge it at electrical outlets. This wasn't a problem for me as I really only used it to see where walls were so I didn't run into anything. Might be a downside for some people, as it isn't completely necessary.-The soundtrack is incredible, and it's timed perfectly. Not just the music, in fact, but everything. Nothing is out of place in this game.-For the best atmosphere, turn your gamma down (if you don't know what that is and your monitor isn't blinding you right now don't worry about it), only use your flashlight when you need to (but don't stress over it), and pay attention to the story. But you should be doing that anyway; it's a story game.-If you don't like story games or narratives or things that go bump in the night, this game isn't for you.-Written as a story, it reads like something [guy who wrote The Road] and Issac Asimov could've worked on together.Overall, it's definitely one of the best games I've ever played. Given, it's a pretty long list, but it's up there in the top 50 or 25.If you've bought the game or will, enjoy!"
,Recommended,329830,12978948,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,FadedTeleTubby,pretty awesome game actually!
76561198055426606,Recommended,329830,13034866,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,equespirate,The environment in this game is fabulously constructed.  It's this simple yet enveloping setting.  The tension it builds is just glorious.
,Recommended,329830,13082127,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Timelord33,"A fantastic narrative! I'm blown away by how the simplicity of visuals, sound and interaction come together to create a powerful atmosphere that drives this story. Being non-linear and free to explore, you really discover the story on your own.  Short and to the point with no unnecessary padding!"
76561198076149966,Recommended,329830,12855410,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Microsoft Powerpoint,"Near to know gameplay and you have to read alot, hover it is all worth it for the storyline and in perticular that ending"
,Recommended,329830,12686858,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Adam,"It's a fantastic game. Yes, very short, but a compelling experience no less. I mean come on! I spend more on my coffee in the morning to college, well worth it!"
,Recommended,329830,13318530,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,ixurge,"short. good.the story here is all, and personally i found it a good story.techincally is under the mark BUT please consider that this is a on man game.i really enjoyed the ending and the overall atmospherethe game lasts 1 hour, it's very short but this does not make it a bad product.my advice is to try it!"
,Recommended,329830,13233822,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Hitsu,"A very unique game that realies very heavily on the story, and I honestly love games like that. While I don't think it's for everyone to play, I do think that the short amount of time that i spent on completing this game was worth it."
76561197976823583,Not Recommended,329830,13441945,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,=HEATH=,I was intrigued when I began the game. I didn't look into much or have any knowledge of the story. I began with curiosity and I was expecting something more interactive. The simplified gameplay was tolerable to begin with. The story was confusing and progressed poorly. It was all too short and not worth my money.
,Recommended,329830,12703467,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Contact,Dat ending doe.5/5
76561198057808676,Recommended,329830,12688528,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Burrito_Bitch,Loved the games atmosphere. Absolutely terryfing when you go doen the hatch. 10 / 10 great game.
76561198117134608,Recommended,329830,12690253,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,rgraham1821,"I would wholeheartedly recommend this game. It's short, yet still manages to convey more atmosphere than many longer titles I know. The island you find yourself on embodies a feeling of loneliness and decay. Exposition is mainly done through text boxes and journals, but in a way that draws you in to the mythology and story of the game. The music is top quality, though sparse, and helps build tension. The story is actually surprisingly deep, as I discovered while messing around during my second playthrough. HEAVY STORY-RELATED SPOILERS FOLLOWIt's heavily implied that Abel, by destroying the Moon Sliver and freeing the Woodland Teeth, is actually doing the right thing all along. In the storage tunnels, there is a locked hatch, but no code is given in the game. However, via trial and error, this hatch can be opened. Inside is a room, seemingly burned, with text that speaks of a truth that Hector would not tell, and scraps of paper that truth was written on.Suddenly, Abel's ramblings at the end of the game make sense. The Moon Sliver is a lie, set up by Hector along with the Chapel.  ""Let your prosperity on this island be a sign that the words I speak are true"" says the Moon. But the island is no paradise; indeed it is falling into ruin, a hell. The Woodland Teeth, a spirit of the forest, merely frees you from this hell.Note, that if this interpretation is correct, Isa and Abel share an even more tragic fate. As Daniel, Ellie, and Abel were all taken by the Woodland Teeth, they have now escaped the island, and are in a better place. However, Isa kills herself in the tunnels beneath the mountain, believing the word of Hector. These two lovers are apart even in death.Regardless of your interpretation, this game is worth a second look, and for only $3 is a real bargain. Buy this game and enjoy!"
,Not Recommended,329830,18419617,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,itsKibble,"£1.59 (£0.55 on offer when I purchased) for 40 minutes of gameplay... Worth it?Developer- David SzymanskiPublisher- David SzymanskiGenre- Indie, Horror, AdventureSo this game, without any spoilers, is a physiological adventure walking simulator horror kinda thing. Basically you're on a small, what seems to be abandoned, island. You spawn in a little house and you instantly understand your goal is to walk around, click things and read what it says as it is telling a story to you. Now did I fully understand the story? No. Did I enjoy the gameplay? Yes. Did I find it scary? No, but it sure had me on the edge of my seat for most of the game.ProsThe game plays well, using the Unreal 4 Engine I'd be surprised if it didn't. The use of weather and lighting works well to create an eary and scary atmosphere.ConsThe game, in my opinion, doesn't bring anything new to the table. You walk around with a torch, click on things and a story reveals.I also didn't really understand the story. It felt like a Slender game, but trying too hard to be smarter.Would I recommend this game?I would say if this game is on offer, which is was for me when I bought it for £0.55, and you are bored out of your mind, pick it up for a quick 40 minute of tense gameplay. But in general I would say don't bother buying it.Final Rating- 4/10"
,Recommended,329830,12681008,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Wolfze,Awsome game!Great atmosphere and a decent story.
,Recommended,329830,25194880,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Tidreit,Good.
,Recommended,329830,12752713,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Cthulhu,"This was, while quite short, a very enjoyable game. Really shows some hard work from the developer. It think its just one dude. More words about this game herehttp://blogsothoth-gaming.blogspot.com/2014/11/the-moon-sliver.html"
76561198050804127,Recommended,329830,12737021,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Kiddo,mmmmmmmmmm not bad
76561198013556071,Not Recommended,329830,12838963,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Pinkie Pyro,"while it looks nice, it lacks substance and the vagness of the plot is off putting4/10 would look at other games creator makes though,"
,Recommended,329830,12783884,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,ﻉ(ᵟםᵟ⸗)ϧ,"The Moon Sliver has an incredible atmosphere of haunting curiousity to it that is felt the moment you enter it's world. Experiencing the story told through short narratives that beg to be pieced together you follow the final days of the inhabitants of the island. It is short, and very sweet in this respite. The game is designed to be sat through a single playthrough, so it forewarns of no save points, and to allocate at least an hour of your day to completing it. Granted, the graphics are lacking something fierce, and a vibrant graphical display would help captivate the emotions, but it is forgivable in the face of the rest of the game. For it's price, it is a worthy experience."
76561198105076703,Recommended,329830,12788897,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Celithien,"A short story, some interesting investigation and enjoyed discovering the situation. Definitely a creepy atmosphere! Would have appreciated a few more puzzles. Worth a play."
,Not Recommended,329830,13215294,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Madbat,Nope. Nothing in this game peaked my interest at all. After half an hour I was bored out of my skull. Uninstalled.
,Recommended,329830,12933328,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,GTAlogic69,"This game kinda blew my mind. I had no idea what to expect, and when I uncovered the secrets, it was so obvious to me, like I already knew it...EXCELLENT work."
,Not Recommended,329830,12958210,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Lasciel,"Not a particularly interesting story or a particularly interesting game, The flashlight system isn't great, especially when the game is so dark to start with, the blackness doesn't add anything to the game. I liked the random memories, but  there's not much of anything else to the game. The ending is reasonablly well done, though a click to exit the game would have been nice. Very short."
,Recommended,329830,12811444,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,CloudyMao,"Fantastic game, really took me back to those old psychological thrilling routes, I was creeped out the entire time. I thought the story was beautifully sad. I enjoyed the disjointed narrative, and how everything eventually comes together ONLY RIGHT AT THE END, perfect delivery. If you are into adventure, exploration, and want to support creative developers you should pick up this game right now! Omfg, what a fantastic experience. I eagerly await more from this dev.I have done a bllind let's play of this game;  my exitement, and confusion does not stop throughouthttp://youtu.be/y1KE9SH3998- please don't watch if you don't want any spoilers obviously."
,Recommended,329830,12850577,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Cannibal Witch Ghost,"Atmospheric horror is one of my favourite genres in games. There is just something exciting about being scared without knowing exactly what it is that's scaring you. This game does a fantastic job of that, especially towards the end. Gameplay is simple - you move around, you have a flashlight, and you can interact with certain objects to try to piece together the story behind this strange island. It reminds me a lot of realMyst in that sense. The music and sound effects also add to the environment and build up the suspense well.All that said, there are a few issues that I have with this game. Firstly, the puzzles are not difficult (which is okay in some contexts, but in a game where the only challenge is solving puzzles, there should at least be some challenge involved). Secondly, there are several misspellings throughout the game (again, this is something that I can normally overlook, but in a game where the only storyline comes from on-screen text pop-ups, it detracts from the overall experience). Lastly - and I'm going to attempt to avoid spoilers here, but it may be wise to skip this point if you've not yet played the game - it would be nice if the text pop-ups only popped up once after they've been triggered,especially in the underground tunnels. I understand that it can help the player navigate the tunnels, but part of the game is feeling lost and scared. I guess this is part of my first point, that it sometimes feels like the game is too easy..Overall, I highly enjoyed this game, even though it only took about 40 minutes to complete. Despite its length, it manages to create a dense, tense environment for the player, and the ending was very satisfying - gave me chills! I would recommend this game, and give it an 8.5/10."
76561198010933023,Recommended,329830,12851800,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,ciceqi,"So I'll be honest.  I've played a few walking exploration games, and they mostly seem to have one thing in common that I can't stand:  slow walking speeds.  Playing Dear Esther, I felt like I was trudging along in concrete shoes, thinking, ""Yes, your landscape is fabulously beautiful, it's very atmospheric, but if I have to stare at one more lovingly hancrafted path for the next hour on the way to the next bit of plot, I may scream.""  Basically, I usually feel the slow walking speeds are an artifcial way of drawing out the plot to make us feel like the playtime justifies the price, when the truth is...I honestly don't care how long or short one of these games turns out to be.  I LIKE plot.  I also enjoy short stories as much as ten-book epics.  As long as the story is good, I'm happy to pay for it.The Moon Sliver, thank goodness, doesn't suffer from this problem.  You're not zipping along at mach speed, but ""trudging"" hasn't replaced ""level grinding,"" either.  The landscape is stark, but that fits perfectly with the plot as you uncover it.  The story itself is fairly minimalist, but it's easy to piece together, and you're able to extrapolate large swaths of background from the hints it gives you.  Yes, it's short--I completed it in an hour, which is what the dev tells you to set aside time for--but looking at the screenshots on the community page, I see I still managed to miss things.  And it's nicely creepy without relying on gore or an endless string of jump-scares.Overall, if you're looking for a good, interactive short story that won't leave you feeling like you're at the mercy of a narcissistic modeler...I totally recommend The Moon Sliver."
,Recommended,329830,12722033,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Yanahma,"For fans of Dear Esther and the like - takes about half an hour to complete, is incredibly atmospheric, and is well worth the small price.And yes, it is scary, but there are no jump scares or anything cheap. Just a genuine sense of dread."
76561198157047494,Not Recommended,329830,18707108,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,IRISH_DEVIL13,I bought the game but cant get into it
76561198013104031,Recommended,329830,18719857,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,気持ち悪い,"A good hour or so of creepiness for two bucks or less. The graphics are ugly, but they work for the game."
76561198182771167,Not Recommended,329830,18741463,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Abominable,"So i played this game not knowing what to expect. It was small, quick and had an unusual story. Basically the game mechanics were good and easy to use but the whole plot of the game and way the user has to complete the game was too simple. I even completed it missing out a whole section of game and clever or strategic guess work will help you move on. (It'll become clear when you play it). Would i recommend it? Yes and no, yes for the simpleness of the game and no for the same reason. The game is challengeless and didn't give me the psychological fear i was anticipating, I liked the reading part but found it to be too much to keep up with, was i playing a game or a book? This game requires patience which i don't think people will have for it."
,Not Recommended,329830,18925457,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,PurpleDoodle,♥♥♥♥♥♥terrible mate
,Recommended,329830,18628510,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Ariyanna Moon,I wasn't sure at first if I was going to like it but the further I got into the story the more I became immersed into it. They did ok with the atmospere and sound for what it is. It's certainly worth picking up if it's on sale and you have about an hour to delve into it.
,Recommended,329830,12702329,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Pinhead Larry,"Honestly this is the best story based game I've played in a long time. The aesthetics are simple but beautiful. it provides chills but not♥♥♥♥♥♥you pants horror, perfect game. 10/10"
,Recommended,329830,32023166,Posted: 28 May,all,Roran( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"Compared to ""Fingerbones"" and ""A wolf in autumn"", this ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic! The story and the characters were interesting  even though you never saw them, the atmosphere was rich and I love the strong sense of mystery through out!8/10"
,Not Recommended,329830,18269287,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Themingowman,"I wish I could reccomend this game.I really wish I could.But to sum it all up, I did love the great story it had to offer but... That's all there is too it mainly. And the story is short as well. Didn't have to play that long to realize it was going nowhere. It was boring, pointless and hard. And honestly, I shouldn't have paid money for it. It sucks to say that, and I'm not trying to disrespect the developers in anyway, (although i'm sure i sound like an utter♥♥♥♥♥right now) but I can honestly say I did not thouroughly enjoy this game."
,Recommended,329830,13245024,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,NIИ,"Very short but very enjoyable experience, tells its story well. Very atmospheric too!8/10"
,Recommended,329830,13253495,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Perelka_L,"This game is a story, a book that you explore without being anyone in particular but at the very same exploring lifes of characters. Game is short, story is not very complicated but it demands a tiny analysis of all pieces collected during gameplay. Music is barely there but player has a lot of moments to listen to it in peace. Everything is minimalistic but, at the very same time, carefully constructed and non-linearity and mysterious atmosphere can create even a deeper sense of unease.Something for a quiet evening and for those who enjoy stories that are puzzles with pieces that can be put together in many ways.And then you turn around..."
76561198039085574,Recommended,329830,12824409,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Lil Fried Breadstick,"This game, while extremely short (It took me 40 minutes to complete the game), was absolutely amazing.I love games that pride themselfs on good atmosphere and storytelling. The story followed through was very sound and you could discover the different sections of the island at will. Atmosphere in this game was great, maybe it's just me being a baby or maybe it isn't!, as you are walking in the tunnels and darker houses it feels extremely mystic and the subtitles narrating your trip as well as the ambiance boost the scare factor.All in all if you are looking for a quick game that has a great storyline and a relatively creepy atmosphere get this game."
,Recommended,329830,12738573,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,CoolMan1342,"Well putting it simply it is a jusy walk-em-up but besides that it does bring you through a slowly paced narrative that doesn't drag for too long and isn't too jumbled. The way it gets wrapped up towards the end is very interesting too.Edit: By the way, make sure to take your time with it and explore as much as you can, and take care when night comes."
,Recommended,329830,12836900,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Amphi,"Very short but very enjoyable experience, tells its story well. Very atmospheric!"
76561198068605862,Recommended,329830,12848864,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Salmon,"Great game! Didn't really know what to expect but it was worth it. I've not really played many indie or steam games in general so that inexperience of games like amnesia etc made it easy to get into stroy and gameplay. It starts with no plot at all but as you explore the island it builds in little fragments. Easy gameplay and a great atmosphere, would recommend for new players like myself."
76561198083981764,Recommended,329830,12964101,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Tesria,"Firstly, the description isn't kidding, it's a short game. The intro recommends setting aside an hour, but I finished it in less that that, so bear that in mind before you buy.I would have liked it to be longer and I'm curious about the world it's set in. Maybe there will be more in this universe, but probably not... because even in that short time this game is packed full of story. Through snippets of memory and notes and implications a full world is created. Added to the high quality graphics (and sounds!) this creates a wonderful atmosphere. This is almost more of an experience than a game, and the gameplay itself is extremely basic - but that seems to be an enhancing factor. Everything is so stark and streamlined, and the gameplay style absolutely fits the atmosphere.Honestly, it feels more like a skills showcase than a true game (the graphics are stark, but lovely  when you're outside) because it's so brief, but I still loved it and will be on the lookout for more from this developer."
,Recommended,329830,12814777,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,||CallMeDaddy||,"Going into this game, I had little expectations for it. The graphical quality was subpar, laughable even, and the sense of not knowing where to go or what to do in what order was rather frustrating at times, but for some reason... I could not stop playing.The story was actually rather intriguing, slowly learning of the island's misfortune and the lose of what once was through narrative and notes, freely guiding you to the end of the journey.For those who seek excitement and only play a game based on what they see in the first few seconds, this game is not for you.For those who enjoy great story, deep narrative, and a sense of fear or perhaps uneasiness at the least, this game is certainly for you.Also, I won't spoil the ending; if you do decide to play this game, do not give up, continue on until the ending, it is definitely a twist worth the hour it takes to get there."
,Recommended,329830,14259599,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Player With Wrong Priorities,"Loved the story. Loved the music. Loved the ending. This game is more like a book rather than anything else. You have music and scenary to support your imagination, but unless you use it - there is no point of playing it. I'm in love how much you could find out about characters from such a small shattered pieces of information. Short sharp sentenses but they are more than enough to picture everyone perfectly. To feel them. To feelwiththem."
76561198175014390,Recommended,329830,16812488,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,The_Evolution,"Quick and simple game.-You can beat it in one hour or less, mostly because of the long reading, but the game itself is really small.-Most of the walking simulators made on Unity are focused on horror but this one chose to tell a story in a simple atmospheric background.-It's cheap and has cards, if you like this kind of game I recommend it for the story, but don't expect you'll be playing it again after you beat it.-I bought it in a 80% sale so I cant complain about it."
,Recommended,329830,12708796,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,PxG,"Nice Art, Nice Story...nothing more, a game for like 1 Hour... for 1€ its ok"
76561198030927605,Recommended,329830,12716568,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,B. Cereus,My ingame time was the playthrough. Fun and short. Good game to play on halloween.
,Recommended,329830,12713553,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,n3dst4,"This is weird fiction in the form of a ""walking simulator"" video game. There is a supernatural story here, and a powerful one - but the details are left to your interpretation. This game is short (and rightly so for this type of work). But it rewards exploration. I don't know what the minimal set of steps required to finish the game are, but you shouldn't worry about them. Wander the island, and events will progress at their own pace. As you revisit old locations, parts of the story which you had read before will make more sense, or suddenly tie into information found elsewhere.The art is minimal but evocative. It actually reminded me of older 3d games, where the shapes you see on screen act as suggestions to your imagination, rather than attempts at photorealism. I've come away from The Moon Sliver feeling like I know the island on which it's set like a real place. The developer gets extra credits for evidently having done most of it on a  shoestring. The taste and care in the assets used is a triumph in itself.Downsides? The developer felt the need to to include two very silly game-y elements.The first is a torch with batteries that run out after a couple of minutes and have to be recharged. I'm not sure if this adds to the atmosphere of the darker sections, but it certainly adds to the mood-breaking annoyance. I sense that the developer felt the silliness of this mechanic, because the game is littered with recharging points, and recharging is an instant operation.The second is two instances of a very simple lock puzzle, which feel like vestiges of a previous design when maybe this game was more puzzle-oriented. I will improve your experience of the game by telling you now that there is no technique for these, you just have to guess - but there's so few options that it's the work of seconds to do so.Neither of these impair  a brilliant short narrative experience. Score out of ten: yes do play it."
76561198000808670,Recommended,329830,12986447,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,GMRSG. Garushnagoth,"Short. Sweet.(simply as the phrase goes)Cheap allows people to either enjoy it freely or not so, freely also.It is certainly one of 'those games'.If you enjoy similar things then this should tickle you too.Far more basic in terms of graphics but that's never been an issue for such games."
76561198238879028,Recommended,329830,18363623,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,the-great-t,"Quite well writen and paced.I had some troubles with one puzzle but I think that was just because I'm thick.Excellent atmosphere.Best of all, no jump scares. (Well, there was one, but then it didn't happen, then it did, so I considered that well doen too).I haven't played many horror games and this one wasn't too horrific, which was nice for a beginer (read: pansy).It's worth your time if you're looking for a well done atmospheric horror game."
,Recommended,329830,20758872,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Venemous,"It's pretty short, but there was obviously a lot of effort put into it.  I highly enjoyed it myself.  9/10"
,Recommended,329830,22272892,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Bodomi,"A short Psychological Horror Walking Simulator with a nice story, took me about an hour to complete.The game is definitely worth the money, it's very cheap.While playing this you'll probably be on the edge of your seat, the game has a grim feel to it and it constantly feels like you're going to get jump scared.The story wasn't fantasic or anything but it was nice I guess.Not really much more you can say about this game. Play it for yourself, it's short and cheap. Worth a shot.One thing I always recommend developers of these cheap and short walking simulators is add achievements.It doesn't take much effort to add them and it incentivises Completionsts to purchase the game to get an easy 100% Achievements."
76561197963164050,Not Recommended,329830,19505194,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,NighT WolF,"First of all: It's a game where i can't really give a thumb up or down. It has a interesting short story which can be interpreted in different ways. So if you want to buy it, then you should do it for the story and you should love to read texts, since this game is basically a interactive book combined with a walking simulator and a few hidden keys and button puzzles.Beside of the story and the atmospheric music everything else is unfortunately pretty bad.- Graphics: Based on the Unity Engine, 3-4 different Textures and 4-5 different models which are used over and over again. It's okay, but don't expect too much. Especially the underground level are looking bad because of this.- Sound: It has basically almost no sound at all. It's a rather silent game, except the storm when the night falls.- Gameplay: You should not mind to walk a LOT. Everything else is reading texts and finding locations on the island.It still gets a thumb down in the end, because my personal opinion is, that a game today should have a little bit more to offer than just a halfway good story."
76561198196490709,Recommended,329830,22170859,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Ithaqua,"I've always loved an interesting story, and the non linear snatches of dialogue and text scattered throughout this experience left me wanting more. What we have here is not a game, it's an existential short story with a solid streak of atmospheric horror brought to life. There is no combat, and the gameplay consists solely of walking and exploring while piecing together bits of narrative to gain an understanding of what happened to the island's inhabitants. I finished it the first time in around 25 minutes (missing a bit of the story, yet knowing enough to get the gist of it) and all I want now is to find out if the full story exists somewhere online, so I can read through it again.With regards to the horror part of the experience, it does an excellent job of creating tension and unease. At one point in the tunnels, my light started to go as I heard some creature growl in the distance and I started to panic a little.In terms of what I didn't like, the non linear storytelling approach that drew me in has also frustrated me a bit as I've missed out on some things and don't quite know how it all fits together. The regular price is a bit much, don't bother unless it's on sale for around a dollar or less.In summary, it's a thoughtful journey that leaves me uneasy and wanting more. I'll be thinking about this one for a good while tonight."
,Recommended,329830,16934391,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Wirdjos,"The Moon Sliver is a short and wholly strange experience. I spent the first half of it questioning whether this was a game or simply a book I could explore without any respect for sequence. Then I found myself only questioning what I had read. When it all finally hit me, at the very end, I realized I was acting as one would in the position the game put me in. I was unintentionally acting as the protagonist, whose identity I learned only a moment before, would act. Yes, this is a game. And a good one at that."
,Recommended,329830,12678446,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Frephd (つ ◕_◕) つ,I really liked it. Although it might seem paradoxical at first sight but the game fascinates with its abecedarian graphics and the absence of a narrator's voice. I expected it to be like 'Dear Esther' but 'The Moon Sliver' has its own style and amenities even if it is obviously not designed as professionally.
,Recommended,329830,12686293,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,『Sublyme』,"Sure, some would say it's not the best looking game of 2014, but that's not what they went for in this game. I believe they went for the sense of it being creepy- to make you uneasy. And, well,♥♥♥♥♥♥ They did it for me...and did it well.If you're into creepy games, or a game with a freaky, uneasy atmosphere, this is for you."
,Not Recommended,329830,12962277,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Wungus Bringleton,"A bland plot, bad graphics, preposterous 'puzzles,' and some of the worst sound effects I've ever heard totally kill this hour-long game. I can see asliver(haha) of potential here, but it's totally tarnished. No thank you."
,Not Recommended,329830,12700410,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,robben,"I don't understand what people see in this game. I acknowledge that the developer spent many hours creating it, and I do not want to bash his work; this seemed like a great concept. However, it's not for me. I could not get into it. As I walked through a tunnel, I couldn't help but notice that the textures repeated for the floor, walls, and ceiling. I was irked by the fact that the same ""stains"" on the texture were visible not seconds apart. As I left the maze of tunnels in search of something to do, I tried to enter a door. It merely told me to come back at night, so I waited. And waited. It took me a few minutes to realize that the time only changes after emerging from another area. Even when I was told it was nighttime, the door did not open. I ended up climbing a mountain, then jumping off the side. I got stuck between an invisible wall and a slope that couldn't be scaled.I also could not understand the fact that the flashlight had to be charged in an outlet, nor why the houses did not have electricity (yet there was an electrical outlet on top of a mountain).This is a simple Unity game intended to take about an hour. There is no save system. The textures repeat in an obvious manner. The music goes audibly silent (no white noise; sounds as if there's a *pop* between loops) before restarting. I tried to understand the developer's way of thinking, but it was very difficult. Unfortunately, The Moon Sliver is not for me."
,Recommended,329830,12716556,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,hehe,3/10
,Recommended,329830,12870403,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,TPI | Ketobbey,It's a written storey that you move through.It's nothing like I have played.And I found it was a little short but I did enjoy it.3/5 as to how short it was.Get it for $1.50 and it's value.
76561198151559813,Not Recommended,329830,16872839,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Myst,just watch a youtube playthough you will get the same experience
76561197983276232,Recommended,329830,13249003,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,RedSwirl,"Like DEAR ESTHER and GONE HOME, THE MOON SILVER basically strives to be a short story in the form of a first person game where you just explore a closed space that slowly conveys a story. The main difference with MOON SILVER is that you can immediately tell it had a much, much smaller budget. It's as if one person who's actually just a writer set out to learn their way aorund the Unity engine just enough to turn one of their stories into an interactive place. Whether or not you decide to bring that against this game (it is only $3 after all) depends on how much of a tolerance you have for extremely low-budget visuals.MOON SILVER almost looks like it could have been a PS1 game to be honest. The gemoetric shapes are extremely simple and are all covered with messy brown textures. There's also no voiced dialogue -- it's all text, but I actually never bring that against a low-budget game. The game however does just enough to convey the proper atmosphere at several points: the homey feel of a candle-lit house, the isolated loneliness of the main outdoor area, and the haunting final area. Most of it's just simple use of lighting and sound but it works.Those areas are part of a seemingly deserted island where you read about the lives of the handful of people remaining. I won't spoil the rest, but I'll say the story being the most important part of a game like this, I was pretty impressed with it by the end. If nothig else it's an interesting thing to read through just once.Yeah, MOON SILVER could definitely have used an actual budget and development team. Maybe if it sees any success at all it could get a remake like DEAR ESTHER did. In any case, its current version I think does the bare minimum to accomplish its goal."
,Recommended,329830,17423327,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,lake.kubilius,"The game's key strength is atmosphere.  It provides a real mystery to solve through exploration which increasingly shifts to a sense of dread that's really remarkable.  Please take it at its word that it is short and best played in one sitting.  It is, but this isn't a flaw.  Buy it on sale if you're the sort of gamer who becomes enraged at short games.I have one critique, and that's simply that, while the game does a good job of eventually explaining the mystery of the moment, doing so replaces that mystery with the even more interesting (and unsolvable) mystery of the island's past.A welcome new entry in the underpopulated ""exploratory horror games that are not about monsters killing you"" genre."
,Not Recommended,329830,30985702,Posted: 6 April,all,MrTiddles,Really good art style but lacking in gameplay.
76561198120286258,Recommended,329830,12823442,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Wobblyshrimp,"It runs on Unity engine and is a more satisfying game than The Vanishing of Ethan Carter.For a few bucks it's worth it.Cool little game, great ending. Enjoy!"
,Not Recommended,329830,13262504,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,gblues,"It's My First Unity Game, with a threadbare story that might be interesting to unravel if the developer had put more effort into the presentation."
,Not Recommended,329830,12782509,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Rinzler,"Bad ""game""Vague story, no fall damage, no resolution.ALSO IT WAS NIGHT THE WHOLE TIME YOU♥♥♥♥♥♥I DON'T NEED TO WAIT ANYMOREAlso I decided to speedrun this for fun, got the current WR as far as I know.http://youtu.be/P5B1Nu1zhZs4:20.18Please don't beat it"
76561198102077811,Not Recommended,329830,12909210,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Hunter Good,"Pros:Decent StoryI didn't lag or get stuck in the mapCons:Poor GraphicsVery little to do in gameSmall MapVerdict:It's an okay game for $3, but dont think that $3 is going to get you much in this game.The Moon Silver scores a 4 out of 10"
,Recommended,329830,13234653,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Bonzeee,"Short, but good. Great atmosphere."
76561198162817489,Not Recommended,329830,13654771,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,XxStrxZenithxX,i found this game quiet boring all you have to do is walk around on an island with bad graphics and not even a horror
76561197974360791,Not Recommended,329830,12762439,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,wOrm!,"Moon Sliver is a tough one to rate.. but to me, its an interactive story, not a game. It isnt worth more than a few bucks, like something you would see on display passing by a used book store. The environment is very cool, and is designed perfectly for the world and story the designers wanted to create. I just wish there was more to it.. Short little demo-like games are an interesting new concept that is becoming more and more popular among designers, but I personally am not sold, yet. With more time spent in developement this actually could have been a seriousuy awesome puzzle adventure game. Unfortunately, for me it falls short. In the end I feel confused about the purpose of the story. Why did i just spend an hour deeply immersing myself in the characters and plot when nothing happens..? The purpose of this story is as bleak as the world its set in, a place that had me gripped until it ended before I even understood the point of anything. Unless you can get it for less than a couple bucks, I wouldnt recommend it."
76561198057445139,Not Recommended,329830,15588731,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Richter,"This product is less of a game and more of an ""experience"" and shouldn't be judged by the standards of other...Who am I kidding, this is not a game. It's part of the wave of pretentious ""story telling experiences"" aka walking simulators created by things like Dear Esther and manages to be even worse.You run around an empty island with horrible textures to piece together a ""story"" told in black text boxes that can easily clutter up half your screen if you click on too many objects. The only mechanic next to walking around is a flashlight that you have to recharge sometimes.There is nothing worth experiencing here, it's not good looking, it doesn't have a memorable soundtrack, it's not scary, it doesn't have a good story (the semi mythology it offers is mostly kept in the dark and what little is revealed has contradictions if you think about it), it's not even long and worst of all there is NO GAMEPLAY."
,Recommended,329830,16967626,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,ratex :f,"I didn´t get it, lel"
76561198010703734,Not Recommended,329830,13121583,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Deadenstein,"This game is garbage. The story is confusing and never really explained very well. You walk like you're trudging through waste high sludge and you MIGHT get the whole story if you check every inche of every building, but since you don't collect the story notes in any order it's confusing as hell, and the ending was just ok. If you want a look for yourself I can't say the price doesn't fit."
,Not Recommended,329830,12781697,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,knivesout2112,"The story is interesting, but there's only so much you can do with a game developed entirely by one guy. I wish he had had a team working under his direction, because there is so much potential here. Just buy Dear Esther instead - it's fantastic."
76561198157025971,Not Recommended,329830,13383486,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,bookiekatherine,"So, I got this game because it was only three dollars and reviewers were saying the story was ""interesting."" ""Interesting"" being the most used word to describe it. I love story-rich, atmospheric games. SO MUCH. So, I bought it.This took me about forty minutes to play. I was COMPLETELY DISAPPOINTED. The story was ""interesting,"" but it was also short, simple, unoriginal, and quite, quite boring. I felt like both my time and money was wasted - why didn't I stop playiing? Because I kept hoping that the story would redeem itself. Did it? NO.If you are looking for a story rich, atmospheric, walking simulator game, but ""The Vanishing of Ethan Carter."" That game has ALL the things this one lacks. Please, don't waste your money. Invest it in a better game!"
76561198040466770,Recommended,329830,17380427,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz,"Suicide seems to be the only concept that makes sense of this abstract electronic product.  Now I do not have any particular stance on suicide from a moral POV.  From a neo-evolutionary/emotional selection pressure POV I do, but that is beyond the scope of this review.  So I guess I will end it with suicide.  When the POV of your life is reduced to something equivalent to this bleek islandscape with acidic water and skeleton trees + you have a belief that there was a super natural being who was supposed to protect you - it looks like this super natural being has abandoned you = suicide.  Due to the nature of how intellectual pursuits reveal knowledge in this never-ending unfolding of layers like a constant interative adventure, I find it difficult to believe that an individual caught up in learning could ever consider suicide for the sole fact that there is still so much left to know.  But the same author of this game explored in a prior game called fingerbones that very subject - how a father who, due to being ""enlightened"" from intellectual pursuit, thought the only way for himself to become free was to experience an end of the world type of apacalytic event.  It is clear that there is much to be understood about the collective human mind once it has experienced the beauty of knowledge - how on one side a world of curious scientists are born who strive for the improvement of mankind and the other a world of curious scientists come forth who only wish for mankind's demise."
76561197970573862,Recommended,329830,16815518,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Zidz,.
76561198061803775,Recommended,329830,16861087,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,imad450,"If you're craving an atmospheric and chilling ride but don't have several hours to dedicate, this one hour walking simulator is sure to give you your fix.10/10 would walk around in the rain scared againIt's dripping with atmosphere and chills."
76561198035511315,Recommended,329830,16897178,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Purpleater,"This game is short but interesting.  I completed it in about 45 minutes (the rest of my game time is idling to get card drops).  The graphics are dated and the story is told through text, but it's a worthwhile experience.  I got in on sale for $0.59, and I sold the cards for about $0.30, so it only cost me about 30 cents to play.  At that price, it was worth the time and money to experience the story."
76561198096079278,Not Recommended,329830,15734980,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,FriendFive,"I want to like the game, I really do. It looks good and has the types of things I like in these sorts of indie walking simulator games; creepy, eerie atmosphere, effective music and sound effects, and a sense of loneliness and isolation in remote settings. But the game is so short and the story is so ambiguous that when you get to the end it feels as if there is no real worthwhile payoff for playing. This is one of those sorts of games for which I wish there was some sort of ""Maybe"" button between ""Yes""(Recommend) and ""No"" (Do Not Recommend), but in this case I think I have to go with ""No"" on this one.UPDATED: I actually played Going Home after I played this game. I was conflicted about both games; but with Going Home I went with Recommend while, with this game, I fell just slightly on the Not Recommend side of things. So I guess what I am saying is, if you didn't like Dear Esther, then it's hard for me to imagine that you would like this game."
,Recommended,329830,12705250,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Grits,"Props to the dev. I respect the abstract experience so many games don't execute properly. All i will say is.. feels bro, the feels"
,Recommended,329830,12707095,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Jalo  Yoloti,"A thought provoking experience as you wonder who, or what, is the real enemy."
,Recommended,329830,12756378,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Prúf,"If you enjoyed Dear Esther and Gone Home, this is worth your money - the only real complaints I could see being valid are the $3 graphics, which I actually liked in a weird way, and a few bugs. In any event it serves as a decent enough skeleton frame to support a wonderful atmosphere that's created almost entirely by some very good writing. The story details are sprinkled just so across the island, so that it very naturally rewards exploration of even the smaller spaces, and when they all come together at the end I hope you find yourself with a big dumb grin on your face, like I did."
,Recommended,329830,12762847,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,That Bitch Vladamir Putin,"I bought this game for $.89 and it was totally worth it. Although the game is only about an hour long it is by far one of my favorite games. It has a great story, along with fantastic writing, that unfolds as you visit the various locations around the island. It also has a wonderful soundtrack that I plan to buy as well. 10/10"
76561198021288115,Recommended,329830,12766552,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Builder,Simple but atmospheric. Short but haunting.It's just a couple of bucks and an hour of your life. You won't regret playing this game.
76561198088555894,Recommended,329830,12733083,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Newman01633,Me gusta
,Recommended,329830,12782727,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,floofyfeather,"Well, I made a pretty long review here:http://www.theblogisalie.com/the-moon-sliver/"
,Recommended,329830,12783319,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,SaintSix_,"The story is amazing, the gameplay is simple yet satisfying, graphics and the soundtrack beautifully contribute to the atmosphere. At this price, it's definitely worth it.P.S.: This game has almost zero replayability, so don't expect to play this for more than an hour."
76561198065973998,Recommended,329830,12725338,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Saeng,Good narrative and enjoyable game for those who like to ask questions and reveal a story piece by piece.
76561198044410779,Recommended,329830,12728526,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,No More Memes,A interesting experience for the price.
,Recommended,329830,12758402,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,basementdigital,A short but brilliant story. The ending blew my mind.
,Recommended,329830,12783256,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,lizzfizz420,"Short, and well worth the hour and a half I spent on it. Really good story execution, and melancholy with a dash of unsettling style soundtrack, make for a good three bucks well spent."
76561198055446291,Recommended,329830,12788125,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Squitch18,"While the game is short, the plot is one of the best I've ever experienced. The themes, symbols, and atmosphere make you feel completely immersed in this beautiful, and also tragic story. This game's impact will stick with you for quite some time."
,Recommended,329830,12754785,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,dehrk,"A bit short, but fun and creepy as hell!"
,Not Recommended,329830,12971718,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,SPHERICAL,"This game tries its best to give an atmospheric experience with a deep backstory and the feeling that you're being watched at every turn. However, I found its way of telling said story to be a mash-up of confusion and misguidance. From numerous problems such as a lack of an actual map for the plain, repetitive landscape, to a very misleading way of pushing you from one part of the story to the next... I can't say I was too satisfied.For starters, the story is told in the form of captions appearing and filling up a majority of the screen as you try to look around and examine your environment. The captions are as quick to appear as they are to disappear as you make your way through the world, forcing you to stop walking so you can read a novel that takes up your screen before taking a few more steps to encounter the same problem, since moving to different areas toggles different pieces of the story to pop up. You find yourself playing a game of ""Have I Already Read That?"" as you manuever through the game with little to no helpful landmarks to tell you where you are or where you have to go. Also, as you progress, the sky becomes extemely dark and using your limited flashlight doesn't help you much in the worsening weather. Good luck finding anything, you'll be wandering for a while.To not make this review a complete rant, I will say that... I did like the story. It could have been told in a much better way, mind you, but it was entriguing and mysterious. Definitely spooked me out a bit as well, so the atmosphere, despite being near impossible to manuever, did its job. Would I recommend this? If you like games that give you very little feedback on how to progress, then sure. But other than that... No."
,Not Recommended,329830,17040574,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,El_Desenladrillador,"For your information, there's only one jump scare in this game near the end, so it's not really a horror game, more like a standard walking simulator, telling a story of a weird family drama while nothing is happening around except for the wind blowing, the fire burning and the love getting ugly.The graphics and sounds are primitive, the area to explore is very small. Taking all this into the account, the game should be free.In the end, if you are looking for a book tragedy, you'd better go find yourself a good book."
,Recommended,329830,16949145,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Joga,"I was a bit surprised by this one. I'm a very big fan of walking simulators as a genre, but I was initially put off from this game by the 90's-era graphics and apparent horror elements. I was pleasantly surprised to find the game focuses more on a slightly creepy, unsettling atmosphere, rather than any jump scares or monsters. It's a bit like The Vanishing of Ethan Carter or the opening parts of Gone Home in that respect. The story is pretty interesting and I enjoyed the writing.If you're looking for jumpscare-laden Youtube reaction-cam fodder, you should look elsewhere. If you're a fan of walking simulators and want an atmospheric, interesting short story, then I'd definitely recommend it."
,Not Recommended,329830,12709991,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,{BCA} Captain Shlong,"Save your money!!!What a total waste of money this is, the game is full of rambling captions that take up most of the screen and which make no sense at all. there seems to be no point to this game and the one place i cant venture tells me to wait for night to enter... a night that never comes. totally pointless"
76561198039327424,Recommended,329830,22633924,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Game,If you like walking simulators then this is a very nice way to spend 1 hour for about 2$. It's a mysterious and thrilling story that captivates you after about 5-10 minutes until the end (1 hour or so in).The story is told on the edge of artsy and explanatory.7/10
76561198017048367,Not Recommended,329830,20512854,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,finnpm,"BAD BAD BAD, Oh so BAD"
,Not Recommended,329830,16815909,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Moonkingdomify,"I thought I'd re-review this just incase I could find something I couldn't find when I originally wrote this. But Sadly, I can't.This game has some good ideas, mainly telling you about the what had unfolded on the island, or whereever you are, through the player character remembering conversations that they had with people who had died before the game started but that's all this game has. There's a lot fo walking and reading, but nothing else of substance. In the end I can't suggest this game as the creator of the game didn't really seem to know how to impliment what they wanted to or they were taking on more than they could handle on their own. Even if they wanted to do this for free some subpar voice acting would have been better than having to read pages of diaologue, and I'm sure they've got a couple of friends or even some family members who'd be willing to help them."
76561198063316722,Recommended,329830,16904848,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Ishan Taparia,"I don't write reviews on Steam very often, but I just wanted to say that I enjoyed this a lot and thought that the ending was brilliant."
,Recommended,329830,16897416,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Makoto,"So, 'The Moon Sliver' is pretty much a short mystery game where you have to find pieces of the story by exploring the island you appear on at the start of the game. The game is short but it was quite an entertaining adventure for people that enjoy some story telling mixed with a spooky environment.Story - 8/10Gameplay (Mainly just walking around while reading text but some areas are spooky and it makes the player feel anxious) - 7/10Graphics (Unity, I personally do not mind graphics) - 8/10Music (Nice calming music in some areas and intense music in others, it was good) - 8/10Overall, I recommend this game :) - 8/10 Give it a go lads and ladies!"
,Not Recommended,329830,23236553,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,[FTFR] khdarkriku,"The Moon Sliver is a very short, very sad exploration game. It's like Fingerbones, except it costs money. Unfortunately, just like Fingerbones, I really can't say much as it would spoil it. Considering it took me just as long to complete (a little under 40 minutes) I can't honestly recommend it for the price point. I got it on sale, and I definitely say you should get it then. It's a short, sweet, sad story and it almost brought me to tears... almost..."
76561198190560271,Not Recommended,329830,22623032,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,dance_gurl934,I didn't get it :/ I was being hunted? By...?
76561198105891221,Recommended,329830,22544620,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Cade_Bedlam,"You could say that this is a walking simulator, but It's a short, strange, and sweet experience, that will leave you satisfied in the end when all the pieces of the plot have been put together.  If you have a couple extra dollars burning a hole in your account, and have an hour of time to kill, then The Moon Sliver is definitely worth both."
,Recommended,329830,18780545,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,DKrayl,If you enjoy a good short story. You will enjoy this. A pretty good walking simulator.
76561197990184751,Recommended,329830,18772402,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,painka05,"Nice short game. While it lacks graphical details, it has atmospheric post-apocalyptic setting and thrilling soundtrack. Also it features trading cards, which makes it worthy piece in your library< especially if you`ll wait for some discount. Bought mine with 90% discount and 50% for OST and never did regret.The only thing not fitting into game atmosphere IMO is animal growl in tunnels location - i thought Woodland teeth is more a supernatural being, possibly i`m wrong."
,Recommended,329830,18851366,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Retribution Salamander,"It's an interesting short little story but the history that displays teases you with a monster but then the games shows nothing it's a little anticlimatic, It needs more beef to it.It also doesn't have any replay value."
,Recommended,329830,18850295,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,batbogeyhex,"This game was a nice gem reccomended to me by a friend. It took only 30 minutes for me to finish, but I enjoyed every minute. Smooth game play, though the graphics took me a moment to adjust to without feeling sick--however, lowering the sensitivity to the mouse and turning off the lights in the room fixed that problem."
76561198039551694,Recommended,329830,18869751,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,tabiibat,Probably my favorite of David Szymanski's games that I've played.
,Recommended,329830,19164921,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,KitKatt,"When I started this game, I was hesitant. It looked a little sloppy and the story was a bit hard to follow at first. Then I got into it. This game is an AMAZING example of how to use atmosphere and tension in a game. This is probably one of those ""aquired taste games"" that a lot of people will ignore, but I LOVED it and will be playing it again."
76561198081332519,Recommended,329830,18783504,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Tisreece,"Thoroughly enjoyed this game. Lots of tension, a good story and kept you on your feet.My only complaint was that I sort of discovered the story in the wrong order and the game could've game a little more indication as to which direction to go first, but other than that, simply brilliant."
,Not Recommended,329830,17694792,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Sage,Cool story bro
,Not Recommended,329830,25536034,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Dark Blue Monkey,"I thought the music machine was a very intelligent, thoughtful walking sim that tackled a difficult subject, and really played with your emotions.On the other hand, I thought the Moon Sliver was a very poorly put-together set of simplistic 'levels' with some proximity- and touch-triggered text boxes.The story, such as it is, shares a similarity with the Music Machine, in that the story just hangs in a vacuum, without any anchoring... there's little explanation of how the 'setup' was achieved, only that a certain set of things are happening, and you're just to get on with the story from there, and not ask anything inconvenient like ""Ok, so how did they get there in the first place..""The level design is simplistic, and uses a lot of stock textures.   The story was a bit haphazard, and if you missed some bits by not exploring the 'right bits' of the island before nightfall, you're S*** outta luck piecing it together!The sounds were fair, using a few stock SFX I think.  The sounds in the ""tunnels"" was really good, and some of the music snippets above-ground were fair too ...I'd give this a 'meh'.  An hour of my life I want back.  I wish there was a neutral review, but I'll give it a thumbs-down because I could never recommend anyone to play it.  Go play Music Machine instead, that was far superior."
76561198073085524,Recommended,329830,22770688,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Crippled Fish,"The Moon Sliver is wandering an island finding random clues that don't make any sense. Upon completing the game it creates a clear picture. I'm not entirely sure I experienced the game as was intended, and I think that is part of the charm. Everyone could have different experiences. It was a quick play but I enjoyed the exploration and the the mysterious elements."
,Not Recommended,329830,13573964,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Dreadiel,Buy a book instead. Really.
,Recommended,329830,16854839,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Ortokolo,Great And Short Game.That's not just a walking or searching game.If you read the dialogs you can see there is a story about this.Great Story But Veery Short Game.And Hey There is a Spoiler for more DialogsIn The Tunnel you can see there is a hatch The Code Of Hatch is first and last
,Not Recommended,329830,12707717,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Osiris Saline,"As a person who enjoyed the oft-mocked-by-gamers narrative 'walking simulators' Gone Home, Dear Esther, Amnesia: A Machine For Pigs, I thought The Moon Sliver would be worth investing in from the positive reviews.I paid 30% for the title and still feel somewhat ripped off.The lack of polish in the graphical fidelity can be forgiven, but the lack of polish or effort in terms of the ambience, the music, and the sound effects can not. They sound like something from the late 90s and given the HUGE amount of free sound resources out there with huge databases of decent SFX and free music I have no idea why the laziest/easiest/dullest ideas and samples were used.I feel the same way about the story. You will know this tale, retold a hundred times and always decent to listen to, but the way the game delivers the narrative in text boxes which sometimes obscure the entire screen in smaller enviroments, well, it's dull. The narrative of the characters may have been interesting yet nothing in the writing made me care or relate or empathize.I did complete the game having done ALL of the side missions and it wasn't worth my 45 minutes of effort.I will add that the story has 2 puzzles in total, one of which is an infuriating 'you must guess the code to get through' 4 block/24 possible combination puzzle. You may be thinking to yourself I must be less than an intellectual if it frustrated me to put in up to 24 combinations, but you have to LEAVE THE ROOM TO RESET THE BLOCKS. Doing that 24 times is needlessly irritating and put a stop to any flow the story had.The puzzle was lazy as...completing said puzzle didn't add anything of importance to the plot.The entire game feels like an incomplete unfinished idea for an atmospheric horror game. I'd suggest trying the free exploration/atmospheric game CHRYZA instead of putting £1.99 towards The Moon Sliver -http://kittyhorrorshow.itch.io/chyrza"
76561198024561924,Not Recommended,329830,12721915,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,djhyu.954,Its not game.Short Novel.
,Not Recommended,329830,12714445,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Nasty D,"Took me 19 min to beat the game, and my little pony♥♥♥♥♥island is more scary than this. -1000/10 IGN."
76561198016583722,Recommended,329830,12809367,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Daddy Coyote: Snuggle master,"i loved that, thou, i feel i've missed picking up keys somewhere. hmm"
76561197987106179,Not Recommended,329830,13357394,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,stevenf,No fun. Very short.  Bad graphics. Hard to understand. Don't waste your time.
76561197983970175,Recommended,329830,15003268,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,SatanPlayingGames,"Decent atmosphere.  Things get progressively more intense as you unravel the story via text while exploring.  The music sets the mood well.  You start realizing, that you aren't as alone in the environment as you thought you were.  I'm recommending this game not for the gameplay, but because of the ending.  The ending is fantastic, and the game is short and simple enough to make it worth your time."
,Recommended,329830,18968168,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,h0tsp4ce,took me about 40 minutes to complete.very good indie game. support this guy. i want to see more of his work.because of the price this is def 9/10
,Recommended,329830,13138929,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,lobbo woofer | hellcase.com,wow...This game has an amazing story and for the price even if its not on sale you should buy it.10/10
,Not Recommended,329830,15151042,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,supertrf,"The storyline is not linear and I've been waiting so long for the night fall to enter the mountain. The island is pretty small and everything is not satisfied. However, the setting of flashlight is good to build the atmosphere."
76561198059975507,Not Recommended,329830,23310907,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Knightgaunt,"waste of time and money for both players and developer. looks bad and is boring, story is some christocentric nonsense, only redeeming factor of this game is that it has steam cards and no achievements"
,Recommended,329830,13221294,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,tony smart,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_CB279zemKU
76561197969875942,Not Recommended,329830,23034943,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Dvine,"It says you can enter the mountain at night, but when it was night I still couldn't enter. I retraced my steps trying to find what I've overlooked -probably some code to enter a certain location I need to go first- but couldn't find it and screwing around in the dark with just a flashlight got old real fast.There is nothing to do, nothing to see, and wandering around in the dark is just frustrating. I found it underwhelming, would not buy again.You can see for yourself how it went, if you follow my video link.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LYmL1zcr5oA"
,Not Recommended,329830,20952991,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Trickyni,This game gave me brain cancer in my feet.
76561198088049966,Not Recommended,329830,20072364,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Chris Wizzudz,"Dull, unfollowable story. That's all I'll say"
76561198141038993,Not Recommended,329830,20058975,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Des0o0 M******A,The game is♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198094826607,Not Recommended,329830,17740878,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Revival of F,Screw this♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,329830,22670064,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Lumps Plays,"This game is a mediocre walking simulator. The story is vague, hard to understand, but it's more ambitious than many other indie attempts. The English is not broken, so that's nice. The sound design isn't the best, but it's simple and it didn't annoy me. The gameplay is merely wandering and a couple 4 button combinations you have to enter, kid-stuff. I don't think this is worth 2$, but if you can get it cheap, I can't say I regret playing it.Youtube search Lumps Plays The Moon Sliver if you'd like to see my complete playthrough with pop-up style commentary."
,Recommended,329830,28289420,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Who Am I,.
76561198077023015,Recommended,329830,12677520,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,optimal,Very nice game .
,Recommended,329830,12719125,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,pants,"i usually dont play story-based singleplayer games, but when i do i make sure its some grade AAAA+AA++ quaility story telling"
76561198042900808,Not Recommended,329830,12719916,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,n898,"22 minutes of boredom was all I could stand.  Good for those who like Walking Simulators, bad for everyone else."
,Recommended,329830,14059505,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,MLJESUS,You walk around a low polly map and read. best game ever -IGN 2015
,Not Recommended,329830,13279543,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,KrigarNooben,"If you want a walking simulator; do not get this one.If you want something more then just a half and a half of  one of the sections in Halflife 2 to walk around, This game is explorable in less then 5 min."
76561198055289089,Recommended,329830,27499910,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,BOBROVSKY!,"7/11, best"
76561198070978817,Not Recommended,329830,13024435,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,mikeydmc,"Defintley not for everyone. Music is pleasant and put you in the mood, but the game looks like garbage, not all cool and stylized like what I thought from the pictues picture.I thought the game was ok, but  kinda lame, If you want a better atmopheric game get Dear Esther."
76561198130071136,Recommended,329830,13035802,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,troubadour,interesting game............definitly worth a playthrough
76561198054760482,Recommended,329830,13074939,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Sammy the Salmon,3spooky5mebut seriously the scariest game i have ever played
,Not Recommended,329830,16875775,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,ᵛᶫᶺ,It's not a game
,Recommended,329830,12680860,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Sam,"Well, that was a nice ending. Not depresssing or anything.Long live Abel."
76561197961554752,Recommended,329830,12673665,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,peeka,This game is worth $2.39
76561198094936736,Not Recommended,329830,12691883,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Radishes,Says it's an hour of gameplay. I did two playthroughs in 41 minutes with about ten minutes of wandering around uselessly. Boring in every way.
,Not Recommended,329830,13033387,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Arrick :3,"TL:DR and a very short game, level of quality matched the original free Slender. I would only recomend trying this if it was free. Not worth 3 bucks let alone 3 cents"
,Not Recommended,329830,12687550,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Empty,"As a piece of art it's interesting and the story is alright, but there's far too little effort put in to be worth money.This should have simply been a free to download game.I completed the entire thing in 20 minutes and while I didn't mind the story it's nothing groundbreaking, and comparing it to dear esther is a bit insulting in my opinion. Dear esther features a large, beautiful island with a long, complex story.This game features a small, ugly island, a short story and a higher price tag than the original Dear Esther."
76561197985389214,Not Recommended,329830,12736709,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Sacrath,This game is only playable if you have played Dear Esther and felt it was too polished.
76561198095006178,Recommended,329830,12675624,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,no u,"This game was so good, definitely worth $3!"
,Not Recommended,329830,12696359,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Bastwood,"Amateurish fumbling-in-pitch-blackness simulator with awful graphics, uninteresting story and gameplay seemingly designed to stop you from completing the game."
,Not Recommended,329830,26571711,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,raisa,"This game is gay, I played this game at 4k and it didn't even run at 60 fps with my four titan X's.  There were no characters and I wasn't given his ♥♥♥♥ing name. Not even scary too. Psychological horror? What is this BS?! Not even worth the 15 cents."
76561198041302730,Recommended,329830,17507713,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,crimsoncreamdonut,"If any videogame can be called art it's The Moon Sliver. It's a unique storytelling/puzzle game with amazing tone and atmosphere. The game is very simple in principle but yet highly engaging. Waking up in the ruins of a dying village you wander around recalling thoughts and dialogue in text by exploring and interacting with the environment you play in. That's  all you do, wander around and interacting with objects, reading popup text that together unravel the lore and story piece by piece. Unraveling this story by weaving these pieces together is what makes the game so engaging. The puzzles are however quite simple and as is stated in the menu there is no more than an hour of gameplay, but the game achieves all it needs to do in that time. Anyone who enjoys story-heavy puzzle adventures should revel in this game. Ooh, and it gets kind of spooky too. Love the flashlight mechanic!"
76561198058071272,Recommended,329830,17923937,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,greensub1995,Pretty short and pretty sweet. A very intriguing little diddy.
,Not Recommended,329830,18009941,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Darryl,"Boring, fake-deep, and not scary."
,Recommended,329830,18065812,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,poobumbutt,"Horror should be short. Not just because it's hard to maintain tension for long periods, but also because constant breaks in gameplay can disrupt the experience.Moon Sliver is a prime example of this being pulled off exceptionally. It manages to insert the sadness of a character drama and the dread of a horror title into a condensed, one hour package. Setting and characters are established quickly and with a writing prowess which somehow pulls off being both descriptive and deep, yet minimalistic and straightforward. The writing is the star of the show, which is great since many horror games stumble over this portion. Furthermore, make no mistake that despite the game's length, it is undeniably scary and claustrophobic. In fact, it is likely because the game ended on such an abrupt - and sad - note that it will stay with me for quite some time.5/5 stars.I would have easily paid double for this game. With that in mind, I will be purchasing a second copy for a friend."
76561198202041090,Recommended,329830,18230310,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Solus Ni Motir,"I'm going to start out by saying that I am not a fan of horror anything. At all. But this game is worth the suspense and all of the moments that you question why you're willingly scaring the heck out of yourself.The tension and the story build really well, and about the time that the inner coward in you is about to scream mercy, the game is over.The music is FANTASTICFor most of you this game isn't going to be scary at all, but I recommend it if you have an hour to waste one night.To all of us chickens who play horror games, I salute you."
,Recommended,329830,17672140,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,BlakouttheMM,"Decent little game that has a haunting, shifting atmosphere. Gameplay consists of walking around clicking on things and going through areas to find little pieces of text that come together to tell us a story; or at least, part of one. The snippets hint at something quite interesting going on on this island, though of course we get only a glimpse. This is no fault, though. Intrigue is built on what one doesn't know. The vague spiritualism and fantastical elements makes what would normally be a stock whodunit story into something a bit greater.Very short. I beat the game in 38 minutes, though I missed nothing and didn't dawdle. I assume to finish the game one must find all the pieces of the narrative. You're paying three bucks for roughly an hour's worth of entertainment. I can think of worse ways to spend that money, however, I can think also think of longer, better games available for free. I don't mind spending the cash; I hope it encourages the developer to do more. Just remember, there's zero replay value here."
76561198194135898,Recommended,329830,16998157,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,allykat12,Incredible narrative-based indie horror game... A little slow in the middle but the ending left me speechless.
,Not Recommended,329830,17002137,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Dick Masterson,"If you hate Dear Esther, you'll hate Dear Esther with text instead of voiceover."
76561198041011660,Recommended,329830,17264548,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,SuperGlue,"A quick little game, But theres nothing wrong with that, Amazing atmosphere, and even though its not the best looking game, It's deffinitly worth your time."
,Recommended,329830,17272306,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,The Radish Spirit,"The Moon Sliver is a short indie game made by one developer. After about 15 minutes of play, the similarities between Dear Esther and this game started to stand out. The Moon Sliver effectively creates a dreary, dark, and creepy atmosphere and knows exactly how much dialogue and lore to give to the player to pique their interest and let the imagination run wild.The graphics in this game are very simplistic and not amazingly detailed, but this doesn't detract from the experience at all. The soundtrack is quite good and sets up the tone of the game very well. But my only complaint about the music is that it does not loop smoothly.This game should definitely be picked up on sale due to its short length. Personally, I finished the game in 51 minutes."
,Recommended,329830,17342921,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Vietnam Vet,"I enjoyed this. You're left to explore a desolate island and piece together the story by interacting with objects in the environment. Is interacting really the right word? No, not really, when you click on specific objects or enter specific rooms you are presented with a piece of text. This is mainly how the story is presented, through one to two paragraph sections of text. This games avoids becoming boring due to its non-existant gameplay and small environment by being short. It takes about 45 minutes to complete the game. Graphics wise, it's not very impressive. The visual style is fitting, but not particularly impressive. The music effectivley sets the tone and contributes greatly to developing the lonely and unsettling tone of the game, particulary in the last 5ish minutes. I reccomend."
76561198038526614,Recommended,329830,17329526,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,[54e]Blenderis,"2,99 might be a bit expencive for 0,5 hours of gameplay, but the game IS good.Terribly simple, atmospehric and well written it tells as much as a full feldged book.Not a game for all, but the ones that will enjoy it, will enjoy it a lot"
76561198041237384,Recommended,329830,17377298,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Dkg1998,That last part gave me a chill up my spine
76561198054094015,Not Recommended,329830,17625054,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,silmwarensurion,"So walk around island, reading information about dead people. Find a door, and it tells you to come back at night.Walk around 10 minutes.Go back to doorCome back at night.Run around for 20 minutescomeback at nightrun around 30 minutescome back at nightquit game and uninstall"
76561198150611226,Recommended,329830,17746267,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,thepheonixsage,"Its a fantastic one sitting game. Its just about exactly what I expected, maybe even more. I saw no clear flaws nor bugs and the story is scattered and in needing of piecing together but thats what the game is. I recommend this game period."
76561197998489624,Recommended,329830,17541314,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,F. W. Mur-Meow,Good exploration horror.
76561198233656776,Recommended,329830,17424473,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Riallu,"This game is great, and left me in a very thoughtful state. I love it."
76561198002735576,Recommended,329830,17498110,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Pancakes,"Price is a little steep for the content (1 hour of gameplay, no replayability). But the game is very good for what it is. It is haunting. Mysterious. And the ending gave me goosebumps. I wish I could forget it and play it over!!"
76561198213696348,Not Recommended,329830,17499214,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,rykeradamas,"The substance is ok, but there is nothing you can't get from simply watching a let's play, this is barely a game and is barely an hour long, frankly the story isn't worth the low price. Don't buy this game, I couldn't make myself ask for a refund after less than an hour to beat it, but I can tell you, do not buy this, it's not worth it at any price, at best this should be a free game."
,Recommended,329830,17568062,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Best_man_tiptop,"Moon Sliver is one of 'em melancholic and lonely story driven walking simulators where you piece bits and pieces together thus painting the borderline depressing concept together. I honestly was on the edge of my seat letting my imagination paint the landscape with what little was given to me.The text placing can be annoying at times, as instead of having pieces of story/memories pop up and disappear, they appear in certain spots, sometimes fading one onto another, creating a hard to read mash of letters.Other than that it has everything from eerie underground corridors to fairly beautiful views (considering it is made in unity).The best part, however, is the story itself mixed with the overall experience. Do recommend."
76561198108377870,Recommended,329830,16830112,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Box_Whiff_An_X,"Firstoff I would like to say I am not a big horror fan, not because I get scared but because most of them are cheaply made and have a ton of jumpscares. But this game was different, it had a type of horror most games can't pull off, a slow suspenseful horror, a creap behind but never seen horror. This is exactly what a good game needs, suspense, a mysterious and intreugueing plot and good ambiance, this game had it all, it thoroughly impressed me after getting it for $0.59Absolutely a needed part of every story-liking gamer's library9/10"
76561198114665760,Recommended,329830,16836353,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Kelp Candy,"Wow... All I can genuinely say about this game is wow...  I'm not going to sum up the game like I usually do in my reviews, but rather just say one thing.  If you can get past the fact it's pretty graphically unpressive, and there's no real gameplay (aside from wandering) this is an amazing experience.  The story honestly left me with chills.  It's not really 'horror' as it is just piecing together a story, but it's an incredible story IMO.TL;DR:  If you want a great story, with a very short (and not very replayable) game length, pick this up."
,Recommended,329830,16910838,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,REMORSLESS,This game took less minutes than pennies I paid for it. And I got it 80% off. Still not a bad game though. Interesting story to say the least. Pick it up on sale like I did and you won't regret it.
,Recommended,329830,16912922,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,The Mechanist,A quite nice little game that leaves you behind with more questions than when you started it.The only negative aspect IMO is that the game is way too short :)
,Recommended,329830,16882334,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,{<-DuRrP->} Riser the Bulwark,"*sigh* i have sat here for 15 mins trying to think of wat to right for a review...... this game deserves one but i just can't find the words. The emotion in this game is great, the feeling u get at the end is a mix of closure and sadness, the journey is definetly worth the price, and the scenery is bleak yet beautiful. This may sound corny and unoriginal but this is a great time killer, if you have an hour free to play this, buy it and do it. In my opinion, you're buying a memory, not a game."
76561198082958767,Not Recommended,329830,16895593,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,XXXKITTYSLAYERXXX,boring and the story is not that good and confusing asfuck
76561198021230399,Recommended,329830,16635912,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Bazil Theatre,Exciting little game for a couple bucks
,Recommended,329830,16821966,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,bunny,"this is a really amazing little game.  very scary without any jumpscares or gore, easy to do in one sitting, and incredibly compelling.  i fully intend to play the second game as well.protip: play this with the lights on."
76561198101470980,Recommended,329830,16035371,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,DEERO THE JUNGLE CAT,"I can't put my finger on what this game did that made me like it. You can beat it in an hour, but for $3 its a good deal to at least get an interesting story and to join in on the same mystery I'm trying to solve."
,Not Recommended,329830,16798970,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Butteryweiner,"Walking isnt a game, no matter how much text you add"
,Recommended,329830,16801267,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Reaper,"19 cents for an interesting tale filled with mystery, and a touch of horror. I thoroughly enjoyed this game as the more I explored the more attached I became. It is worth it when on sale because I beat the game in half and hour, but I was very satisfied and impressed  with the ending."
,Recommended,329830,16803500,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,SheaPM,"A game which, while certainly not for everyone, is wonderfully designed and a very enjoyable experience. (With a fantastic ending!)"
76561198025437945,Recommended,329830,16803857,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Brickman409,"Interesting game. Well it's not much of a game, rather it's more of an interactive story. Actually, you don't really interact with the story, you just move around reading little snippets that slowly unveil the story. It's almost like the audio diaries from Bioshock, but this is pretty much an entire game based around that concept. It doesn't have very good graphics, but the story is really good. And that's pretty important that the story is good, because story is all this game has. The game is very short, but has a very low price, so you wouldn't waste much time or money by trying it out. Overall, I'd highly suggest this game. If I wanted to, I could return this game, since I finished it in less than an hour. However, I am not going to. I think that this is a game that I will come back to play every now and then to enjoy it's good story."
,Recommended,329830,16838285,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,G E eeEee D,"Awesome game, would recommend. got a feels trip and a solid spook out of it"
,Recommended,329830,16839558,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Reeze The Vampire,"Though it is very short, and not visually impressive, I belive the 'The Moon Sliver' is a very interesting game that is worth the hour or less it takes to play it. For about the first fifteen minutes I played I was about to exit out and say 'well at least I got it on sale for dirt cheap.' However, that was before I decided to take the effort to really read the text, really try to understand. If you take your time with it and mentally put together the whole story as it travels from place to place on the small island, it becomes very interesting. The atmosphere is great, it is short and sweet, the story is rather unique, and the soundtrack is quite excellent."
,Recommended,329830,16624849,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,DeathMetalMercenary,"Completed in about 40 minutes. Dark, melancholic atmosphere, nice story. My only complaints are that the story could have been pieced together a little better (it's told in ""memory"" snipets essentially, but not necessarily in order), and the battery life on the flashlight should be extended in order to explore the world to it's fullest. But otherwise, it's an interesting game. I'd recommend it when on sale."
76561198041985745,Recommended,329830,17460675,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,masterzzmax,"I'm always a big baby when it comes to horror games, but this one was nice to play. I bought it on a steam sale a while ago and haven't played it until now, but I'm quite happy I pulled it up. An interesting story where the environment is the one that truly scares you."
76561198057277460,Recommended,329830,17417055,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,dassao,"Amazingly well put together and beautifully, intelligently written with layers and depth, this game is a gem. If you played Fingerbones (which is free, so go play it) and you liked it, I think you will love this too."
,Recommended,329830,17584772,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Lightningchicken,"Hmm it was ok. I won't comment on the story because I don't want to impose or anything, there were certainly good parts to it in my opinion and the ending was great.[One thing I will say though is the game should run smoother than it did. Terrible framerate which was annoying to say the least] <----- MY FAULT NOT THE GAME.Also The textures and models could do with a bit of work. I mean I'm not saying a simple artstyle or even amateur artstyle (which this definitely is) is bad but come on, it looks like you dedicated all of 5 minutes to this game, dialogue et all. Forest? More like three crappy trees and literally no area the rest of the forest could once have been. God damn the buildings are ugly as well :/But yeah it was okay not really worth money but 2 pound is 2 pound. Glad I didn't buy the dlc package bundle. I'm not saying you guys don't have a bit of promise in makeshift walking sims but ... just do everything better please."
,Not Recommended,329830,16949712,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Apples,"Its like I cant cant buy a horror game anymore without getting the long drawn out storyline that goes with it. The game looks nice and the atmosphere was pretty amazing. However, it didnt feel like a horror game. It was creepy at first, and i felt a lot of pressure to make sure i finish by nightfall. However, after i realised the night wont fall until i finish the game, it just left me with a walking simulator with too much dialogue. The story was unclear, i had no idea who anybody was.Its one of those heavily atmospheric and story based games. If thats your thing, go for it, its worth the low price. However, i bought this expecting a horror game, not a cryptic story that i had to piece together."
,Recommended,329830,16957809,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,FaizNandana,THIS IS SHORT BUT NOTLY YOU CAN TRY THIS GAME7/10
,Recommended,329830,16901249,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,genvoorhees,"First off, for those looking for a game with good replay value this probably isn’t the game for you. That being said it tells a good story  in a way that only a video game can. It manages to immerse you in the story with almost no background whatsoever and has you constantly wondering what is actually happening. The graphics aren’t the best but that actually works to the games advantage, as it forces you to explore more of the aria. Overall, I give it an 8/10 simply because, in my opinion, it's too short."
,Recommended,329830,16907899,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Lord llQ,Great hour long interactive story in a 3D world
,Recommended,329830,16867699,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Cold Blooded Murderer,Nice story and very nice soundtrack.
76561198058897086,Not Recommended,329830,16871840,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,kylekohinga,Very lovely moments at the end but I felt the narrative itself was lacking.
,Recommended,329830,14055152,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,|AUR| Aquarious,"Have you ever been in the ""Video Games are art too!"" argument? if so, then you'd know it's a hard one to win. but this game.... THIS GAME.This game is the Vincent Van Goth's self protrate of games. it's artsy as hell and all up for inturpitation.My rateing is: 21/23 Burned documents, because ♥♥♥♥ it, I hate spooky games."
76561198123116421,Not Recommended,329830,14088105,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,『Reo』,I didnt really know what i was doing ...
,Recommended,329830,13561607,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Audeez,"The Moon Sliver describes itself as “an experiment in exploration-focused storytelling” and “experiment” is easily the best term to describe the experience. Developed by a single person using mostly open-source assets, The Moon Sliver is about as bare bones as one can get using the Unity 3D engine. Featuring the simplest of mechanics and interface, the game has you explore a desolate island housing several scattered structures and piecing together a narrative by clicking on various objects. The presentation (with its screen-wide blocks of text) is poor to say the least, although it still manages to get its story across in a somewhat compelling manner and unlike similar titles like Dear Esther, is easily comprehensible.The Moon Sliver is more sketch than game, a first iteration on something that could easily be refined. As I played the game, my designer brain was firing on all cylinders, correcting what I saw as mistakes in direction and presentation, while envisioning a somewhat expanded, more interactive experience. Ultimately this is to the game’s credit. Were there nothing salvageable I likely wouldn’t have thought twice about it. In the end, The Moon Sliver is the work of an author venturing into an interactive medium alone and unsupported. As a first step, it’s a stable one and speaks of future potential. Cheap as it is, The Moon Sliver is a decent expense for those who are interested in exploring interactive narrative, though be aware that what you’re getting is perhaps rougher than most other experiences. Still, it bears a richness that shows promise."
76561198145676975,Recommended,329830,13565433,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Mythlica,"For less than 2 dollars when I bought it for Halloween, the game is worth it. It's simple and short (most people finishing it in less than an hour), but it's a nice chilling story that was great to play next to someone. It builds up on wonder and fear without the use of jump-scares. Only con for me was walking back and forth the area to catch one detail or else you couldn't progress in the game."
,Recommended,329830,13567858,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,ald-daedroth,"The Moon Sliver is a decent if short game. I would even call it a story driven first person perspective experience.Because that's what this game is, an experience. You will spend 1-2 hours wandering on an island trying to find clues as to who you are and what happened to the others and I must say the game does a pretty good job in creating a chilling atmosphere.It was a short experience but a tense one and I think that's what the creator intended to do.The graphics are poor, the overall look of the world feels pretty outdated and you can see that this game wasn't created by a big team of developers.With all that said, I would recommend this game to anyone who's open to these kind of projects and to those who liked Dear Esther or Gone Home,  but considering the lenght and scope, wait until this game is on sale and you're set."
,Recommended,329830,13979925,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,CaveBatman,"Other users have already gone into detail about the mechanics and premise of the game, so I won't retread that ground.  It's bleak, foreboding, and claustrophobic.  The Morrowind-esque graphics only served to put me further on edge as I explored the tiny island - the last hill in the world on an infinite sea.I took to keeping notes on a scrap of paper as I pieced together the story of the four inhabitants of the island, not knowing what bits of information I may need to recall - what knowledge I might need of their relationships with one another.  But mostly, because I genuinely wanted to know who they were and what became of them.As I explored, connecting the dots, I began to make sense of things.  I retraced my steps, this time in a more deliberate order.  By the time all pieces of the puzzle laid before me, it was night.I entered the mountain."
,Recommended,329830,14042844,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Teach me to Prey,The Moon Silver is an epic quest for mighty loot.  I was never so proud to steal such a priceless artifact and face El Diablo.*Spoiler*The night is darkest just before the dawn.
,Not Recommended,329830,13964137,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,amberfurlong123,Liked the game. but I wish it took me more than half an hour to beat it.
76561198079214085,Recommended,329830,13951180,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Ian,I liked this game although there is no save option. I would add this in for this game if you can. Having a game with no save option might turn players off. But I would risk it anyway. This game follows a story and there is a lot of text involved but it will draw you in. Day breaks on a island with you and three other people. Night may come quick and a mysterious item called The Moon Sliver has been placed inside a church nearby....I think. What will happen to your group once night falls?? Will the stress of the island get to them?? Will The Moon Sliver haunt them all?? Find out buy the game!!!
,Recommended,329830,15555105,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,LavenderSoda,"Beautiful. If you're a fan of story telling games such as Dear Esther, this is definitely for you.Great short story that left me saying ""Holy.♥♥♥♥♥♥"" at the end. Great great great great GREAT.Highly recommended"
,Recommended,329830,15749726,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,mindsound,"This is a very short game.  It's not a polished game.  But I really enjoyed it, especially for a couple bucks.  If you liked Dear Esther and Gone Home you will like this."
,Recommended,329830,15722605,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Feldragoon,"Got this on a reccomendation from a mutual acquantaince of the designer. The freeform story and barren landscape draws one in quickly and assume the player is not an idiot which I dig. The simple visuals evoke a sense of desolation and despair, of love shared and lost. A gifted programmer no doubt, and not a bad writer to boot. Can't wait to play The Music Machine. 5/5"
,Recommended,329830,14997535,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,jasearo,"There are no save points in the game but it only takes about an hour to beat it, so make sure you have time before playing. Interacting with the world around you makes parts of the story unfold as well as makes time pass. It has the sort of feel to it where you don't notice the suspense building but it is. This, plus the cliffhanger ending and great music, makes the game pretty compelling to me. I definitely recomend it."
76561197997488484,Not Recommended,329830,14997961,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,natertotz,"For a walking simulator, the story was really weak.  The dynamic outside environment was my favorite part of the game, but was hardly worth the price of admission."
76561198071381962,Not Recommended,329830,15490535,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,landlock,"pros:- a decent atmospherecons:- dull- sometimes hard to figure out where to go.- can be to dark, especially one section.-very little story.-graphics are rather dated."
76561197989707592,Recommended,329830,14444408,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,F3CKIN_WHISK3Y,"If you're looking for a game to run around shooting and killing aliens or people, dont buy this game. But if you're looking for something that will send chills down your spine and tears down your face, buy this game.  The cost is a small price to pay if you're looking for a game that will leave a lasting impression.Do you remember those short stories you had to read in your high school english  class? You liked some but you hated most. This is the one that you would seceretly love and remember always.Buy The Moon Sliver. Play through once and enjoy it. Play it twice and cherish it. Play it three times and share it with others. It will have a huge impact on you.Props to the maker - and I hope you will make more like it!"
,Recommended,329830,14657648,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,SkulleN,This is a very short game that tells a very short tale. I can easily see where some would be put off by the directionless wandering around while waiting for nightfall.It was on sale for something like $1 and I got 52 minutes out of it. So I'm okay with that.
76561198074878966,Recommended,329830,14489323,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Dr.Corbin,It's a very short game but the storyline kept my attention and it is worth its price
76561198077434372,Not Recommended,329830,14404734,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Mindshadow,"At first, this game seemed unpleasantly minimalist, but then the simplicity of it became kind of charming. Wandering the empty, abandoned buildings of the island, gleaning little bits of the story, piece by piece assembling some picture of the people who had lived and died there, and then finally turning up the key to the chapel and the question of the fate of the object the game is titled after.And that's as far as I got.Emerging from the chapel, it was dark and raining vigorously. ""The night was wild and dark"", a narration text box informed me, on the off chance I hadn't noticed. Aha! An instruction from the start of the game had been to go to the mountain when night fell. But not on top of it (as I discovered). That would be silly. No, there was a door in the side of it. That must be the way forward.""Come back when night falls,"" a second narration text box informed me, presumably written by a narrator who hadn't bothered talking to the previous one.All right, maybe there was something else to do first. There had been a locked hatch and a locked box, neither of which could be opened. A check of them revealed that they were, in fact, both still locked. Maybe there were more keys? A diligent and repeated search of every structure revealed no keys, nor any viable key substitutes such as crowbars or shaped charges. Maybe it just took time? There had been some kind of text about setting aside an hour to play. A ten minute break was taken to make tea and reconsider the problem, followed by another vigorous search of the buildings.It was then that I was forced to confront the essential futility of all action. Staggering around through the rainy night pawing at the possessions of the deceased in a useless attempt to obey the voice in my head that told me to do something that was apparently physically impossible.Or maybe I'd missed another dark brown or grey key somewhere among the other dark brown or grey objects in a world of various shades of brown and grey, many of which were dark. By this point I'd forgotten about the framing narrative, however, escaping its brief capture of my interest.This is why you should never listen to voices in your head telling you to go to the mountains at night. In no way is attempting to obey them a better use of your time than wandering off to make a cup of tea."
76561198124407926,Recommended,329830,14731378,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,kastelling,"Short, relatively simple game with really cool atmosphere and some seriously creepy bits. Great fun! But WHY do the dang flashlights have to keep going out when you are in pitch black tunnels?"
,Recommended,329830,24530788,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,N0N1337H41,"Basic review: Stop reading anything about this game at all if you think you might ever play it. Going in 100% blind is the best possible.After only one playthrough I can say that this game is going to be one that people point back to in a few years time, when ""walking simulators"" have fully developed into their own accepted and respected genre, and they will say that this was one of the games that helped to define the genre.  It's never going to be  well known, like Gone Home, it's going to be one of the games that inspired other decs to make games like Gone Home. Much like with music, the well known artists/albums are all inspired by some mostly unknown work. This game and its spiritual successor/sequel are the classic games that only a few will know, and you owe it to yourself to know them if you're a fan of this genre."
76561198140442560,Recommended,329830,23547074,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,IAmThePonch,"It's pretty cheap so it's worth a shot. For an experimental game, it gets some things right and some things wrong.Basically, you're on an island that is abandoned. There are small huts filled with notes to read that explain the backstory of what was going on. As you go, you learn more about what was going on and why.I thought the writing in the game was really solid. It was fun to digest and try to piece everything together. However, I couldn;t help but feel that this owuld simply work better as a short story. I thought the environments and atmosphere were top notch, but the vague nature of playing a game like this is frustrating since it doesn't seem as clear as it could be. Not that it needs to spell everything out, but it could be told with a touch more clarity than it is.But hey, I've played much worse in my time."
,Recommended,329830,24024919,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,masterwriter42,"Eh, it's alright. A pretty decent walk around a small island, examining everything with your dying flashlight, learning a little about the people that call it home. Just know that you're getting into a very brief story and you'll probably enjoy it.Pros and Cons:+ Atmospheric enough.+ Somewhat interesting story.+ Even bundled with the other game, cheap.+ Thought the ending was alright, all things considered.+/- Very short, completed in one sitting.+/- Story told entirely through text that pops up when you enter an area or examine something.+/- ""Puzzles"" extremely simple, no challenge, just pushing a sequence of buttons until doors unlock.- Once you've seen everything (once you've played the game once) there's no real reason to replay it so you may get very little out of it in the long run.- You don't really get to know enough about any of the characters to care about them as people.- Flickering, short lifespan rechargable flashlight mechanic is mildly annoying and feels unnecessary.Verdict: If you like this sort of thing, you can do a lot worse."
,Not Recommended,329830,13836112,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,stormy ★,"Short, with no save points. The story compels you to continue playing even though everything else is rather lackluster. While the emptiness of the island and the weather invokes a good atmosphere for the story, it just felt woefully lacking."
,Recommended,329830,23996486,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,firefliesinlove,Very short but interesting game. Spooky atmosphere. Haunting and beautiful music. Story was sometimes hard to follow. If you stand in certain spots text will overlap. A few buttons were a bit hard to interact with unless you stand almost completely on top of them. Overall I'd say it was worth the fifty cents I spent on it. I enjoyed this game.
,Recommended,329830,24162188,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Isla,"IT's an art piece more than a game it could use a bit more direction to better get it moving, I was lost for quite a while wandering and waiting for the mountain to open up until I found that I had missed a single buildings notes. It was interesting definatly different."
76561198193400259,Recommended,329830,25467370,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Tramanamacon,Really good game. I played it with my brother and I Highly recomend it. 9/10
,Recommended,329830,26428458,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,lesbiancronus,"a tad confusing at first, but once you get the hang of it, it is a very good and interesting game. i reccomend it highly!"
76561198015332067,Recommended,329830,28690104,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Nuri,"Big fan of this game for many reasons!The developer has succeeded in producing a very immersive and thought provoking game. Although there isn't any actual character interaction (first person perspective) the developer cleverly leads the player along a trail of character development, via a very eloquently written storyline, which successfully keeps the player wanting to find out more.I love the freedom within the game to explore as little or as much as you want - the optional snippets of information you can find along the way, should you wish to do so. Or to simply reach your destination as quickly as possible to find out the ending.It offers the right amount of suspense without going overboard/underboard; enough to make you feel uneasy and at times downright creeped out without the cheap jump scares.Can't wait to play the Follow-up :]"
76561198064264057,Recommended,329830,23442884,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Matt,"The Moon Sliver is a short, ""literary"" walking-sim game that isn't overwhelming in its presentation or design, yet still challenging enough to be engaging. By ""challenging,"" I don't mean in the traditional gaming sense: this is challenging because you have to think about the story being told as it's given to you, and how to conserve your ""energy."" It could have been♥♥♥♥♥♥if the ending didn't pay off, but one hour later I am still thinking about and still getting a chill from it, though I can't decide whether its from the horror or elegance of delivery, or both. It's very minimal, using a few assets from Unity over and over again, but always to a great pretty, weird, ""moony"" aesthetic, emphasizing many ""slivers."" Minimalism works to its advantage, especially the scenes where you have to think wisely about the ""energy"" mechanics, how it's upturned later on. I wouldn't have believed it before playing either, but this is also an imaginitive parable with interesting things to say, or at least ask about humans, which is cool because lots of games don't get that far in 80x the hours."
,Recommended,329830,23330529,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,magnus bisides (they),"I love this game so, so much....I\'ve played it way too many times, lol.If you like walking simulators with cryptic stories that you have to piece together, you\'ll love this.(Pro tip: there\'s a walkthrough in the game files if you get stuck.)PS: I would highly recommend playing The Music Machine as well. It\'s made by the same person but has a more interesting style and interactive story. The two go really well together..."
76561198026559112,Recommended,329830,23413028,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,lust for beer and cocktails,"Intense, creepy, and literary game. Evocative environments and non-linear plot. A real gem of an art game."
76561198300589871,Recommended,329830,23246162,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,HGAallday,"What an excellent game. I loved it. The story is so, sad and dark. 9/10 only because I wish there was a little more terrain to cover."
76561198067614840,Recommended,329830,23458442,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,flyssann,"This started beautifully, it was creepy and had an odd atmosphere, but I couldn't complete it because of the flickering torch,  it was too tough on my eyes. Really gutted as it looked great in all other respects, I really wanted to carry on and complete it."
76561198035915039,Recommended,329830,22352331,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Dragonofyre,I looked behind me at least 57 times.10/10 goosebump simulator 2014.
,Recommended,329830,22850106,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Tenenbaum87,"A genuinely creepy wander through an unsettling location - the rising tension is brilliant, and you start to feel an unwillingness to move around for fear of what you will find. This will definitely appeal to people who love a story over action."
,Recommended,329830,20365489,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,power8888power,"I don't quite understand those hates. Basically it is just a story-telling game, It's all about narrative and atmosphere. The first half of the story is somekind dull, but the last half is really thrilling, just like fingerbones (Author's former game). Its graphic is outdated and it's short, but it only cost 2 dollars. For the atmosphere it achieves, it worths 2 dollars, but if you expect fighting monster or you're speedrunner that can't read a thing, then this game definely not for you."
76561198030660219,Recommended,329830,24169352,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,sortaninja,"Very happy with this! It's a walking simulator with a very ominous tone. I played it when I was home alone late at night, and definitely had a racing pulse for much of it.It's not a $60 triple-A epic release, but I think it is what it is very well.There's very little guidance, and almost none as to what you should be doing, so be prepared to work that out for yourself.I bought the game, bundled with another from the same dev, and got about 45-50 minutes of play. If I get a good chance, I'll try to get a friend to play through while I watch."
76561198307396263,Recommended,329830,24319881,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Chinezninjablade,Was a good game overall kept me guessing which character I was. Nice spook at the end. 6.5/10
76561198132208278,Recommended,329830,24345660,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Sprayface,"played this a while back. interesting story, but not much else. you will play it, go ""huh"" and never think of it again. but it was OK. and you really can't say that about many 1.99 games. so thumbs up?"
76561198148202201,Not Recommended,329830,16215416,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Wylie,Short and cheap was what i expected.
76561198056907421,Recommended,329830,16244225,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,serialzero,"This title surprised me immensely.  It's a tribute to truly effective psychological horror.The story was well written, immersive, and did a fantastic job of setting up a foreboding atmosphere.Gameplay consists of just a few simple puzzles.  You're not required to solve all of them to move forward, but I would recommend not skipping any if you want the full experience.The ending is not something that can easily be described.  It's something that could definitely cause a distinct chill down the back of your neck.  If you like suspense, this game will probably do it for you.  XD"
,Recommended,329830,15973376,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Dr. Zeppelin,"One moment of your time playing this game will make your heart drop. Not from sadness, but fear. What is safe?This game appears to represent religion, I think, due to the huge presence of it in the game itself. Hector (god of light or something) and the Woodland Teeth are the main characters in this game's religion. Trapped on an island, the characters seek shelter and safety.The don't want to go to hell. But maybe they're already there."
76561197981243135,Recommended,329830,16405785,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,BieberHole69,"Interesting and fun game, but incredibly short. The creator of the game posted a message about people using the new refund policy as a rental system and I considered getting a refund because I exhausted the entire game in about half an hour. The guy says it takes 2 hours, but there's no way it could take that long. Half hour tops. It's an interesting one off, but don't pay more than a dollar for this..."
,Recommended,329830,16057073,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Retog,Beautiful eerie atmosphere. It is such a surreal game with a convoluted storyline. The ending is absolutely fantastic... I almost cried.
,Recommended,329830,17242894,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,ParallaxScroll,an enjoyable way to kill an hour
,Recommended,329830,17083309,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,RedWaggon,"This game's pretty neat! The atmosphere is surprisingly memorable.The Moon Sliver doesn't try to cram itself into any specific gaming genre; it's just its own short, intriguing experience."
,Recommended,329830,13720861,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Goldenbukkit,"this game is really weird... it's mostly reminded me of bad adventure fanfitions...it could have been a lot better as well. the world is bleck, small, and basically empty... this kinda feels like walking through somebodys minecraft factionmild spoilers aheadVVVVVVVVVVVVValso when the game changes the outside to what looks like night, the thing thats say ""come back at night"" never works"
,Recommended,329830,13679786,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Mr_Lizard_Queen,"Really good, does a great job of building tension you without jump scares."
,Recommended,329830,13442256,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,cassembler,"Short, sweet, to the point... Spiritually haunting; it will sit with you like a out-of-body memory when the lights are out...Also, it's refreshing to finally complete a game in a single sitting :) Sometimes you don't need 300+ hours..."
,Recommended,329830,13729175,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Nightscream,"Beautiful game. Very creepy, very touching, very much worth the price!"
76561198109181565,Recommended,329830,20417734,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Psirrus,"Short but decent for two dollars. Kind of a short story that is good, but not great. Points off for the pointless puzzle/lock on the latch. Really pointless and didn't fit with the game. Could have had another key or something instead. Thumbs up, but not way up."
76561197967474508,Not Recommended,329830,14398540,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Cosmic Cosmo,"IT'S BORING.Terrible production quality. Bugs everywhere. Text overlaying other text. Music restarting.Writing is bad.It's an hour long, but you wish it was shorter. I found myself constantly left-clicking searching for the next objective.You aren't exploring, you're searching for the next marker to continue the story and remove the next road block.I liked the flashlight, though. You have to charge it, and at times it gets dark and scary, but you quickly learn there's nothing to be afraid of."
76561198065199569,Recommended,329830,19773272,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Sand Dunes,"Absolutely astounding game. I had no clue what was I getting into when I bought this game, but I'm really glad I did. The whole premise of the game is discovery. You're placed on an island with no knowledge of the world around you and you must uncover the secrets of the island based on the clues the indigenous people have left for you. The story, despite being slightly hard to follow at times, was what made the game special. A lot of games these days focus on revolutionizing game mechanics or graphics, but this game helps to remind me that you don't need great graphics or new mechanics to create a good game. The story alone kept me wanting more. Definitely recommend this game, along with the others David has made.10/10 would play again"
76561198223336432,Recommended,329830,19717857,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Lolai,"Really intersting game, had a nice complex and storyline ."
,Not Recommended,329830,19721867,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,mmustric,Too small of a game and not much to do. This should only be a free game or like 15 cents max.
,Recommended,329830,19976352,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,_X_,"Quick playthrough, but a lot to take in. Look at everything to understand the story. Very good game, and at the end I literally felt chills, as if there was something behind me."
76561197978261598,Recommended,329830,19976528,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Nightmare KnR,"Very good short story, terrifying ending. Great writing, I recommend people pick this up on sale."
,Recommended,329830,19969648,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,The Joker Steve,"A lot of times we are hesitant to buy unknown indie games that are short and sometimes, a waste of money and time, and this happened to me just before buying The moon sliver. I pondered a lot of time sitting and thinking wether I wanted to buy this game. I did it. However, instead of getting a simply indie game, I recieved a beautiful interactive fairy tale, a dark one, but a fairy tale at last. The moon sliver is an experience, not entirely a game, which you have to go through. Even though is short and basically a walking simulator, it is worth giving it a look, mainly because of its solid story and its amazing atmosphere. The graphics could be better but you completely overlook that while you're playing because of how invested you're in the story. What this game does great is that it makes you hunt for little pieces of the story, turning it into a kind of a ""story-driven-puzzle"". It's not offered to you served in silver platter. That's why I could see people getting confused with the story, shouldn't they pay enough attention. As regard to the characters, I give props to the developer for doing everything with writing, and no voice acting, given that it accentures the tone of the game. Nevertheless, I feel that all that reading could put off some players. Of course it has its faults (like the flashlight system that is a little bit clunky or the maze thing that I believed unnecesary) but overall it is a beautiful game that I could see myself playing again. Definitely give this one a chance."
76561197998889273,Recommended,329830,20644887,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,wander j,Well written and with only a slight bit of aimless wandering (remember the house that you can't get into) I enjoyed my brief time with The Moon SIlver. The story is fairly simple but it gave me what I want from a walking simulator...that feeling of mystery and discovery.
,Recommended,329830,24742739,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Khunty,This won't be for everybody but I liked it... I wish it was a little longer...
,Recommended,329830,25222307,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,XxxWesleySnipesxxX,Slow reading and ending made me spooked. Good game (6/10)
,Recommended,329830,24821082,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,PsychoticRabbit,"The Moon Sliver is a somber experience, with subdued visuals and desolate atmosphere. There is a beautiful subtlety to the game, and the narrative is satisfying while remaining just sparse enough to leave some to the player's interpretation. The mystery at the center of the game is intriguing, and the link between story and environment makes an engaging dynamic. I particularly recommend the game if you like to read, not because there is a lot of text (rather, I feel there is the perfect amount for what the game is) but because it feels a lot like a short story. The only complaint I have with it is that the way the game presents its story sometimes makes the gameplay choppy."
,Recommended,329830,16849981,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,mcdavenator,"If you are a fan of atmospheric and story based horror, this is the game for you.  Since it really is a short game (my first playthgough took an hour, even with deep exploration), I won't talk about the story or setting.  The less you know about the game going into it the better.It is full of intrigue, mystery, subtlety and suspense.  I prefer this type of horror to the in-your-face style of Dead Space or similar titles.  You should play this alone, and in the dark.  It is masterfully crafted and artistically gorgeous to look at (despite being on Unity).  The soundtrack fits the mood really well.To get an idea of how the game plays and how the story works, check out the developers free game, Fingerbones, which is now on Steam.  It takes  less than 20  minutes to play and left me with chills.  That's what you're in for."
76561198027406332,Recommended,329830,28248238,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Citano,"Nice game. A little spooky, in a tasteful way. I really enjoyed the storytelling."
,Recommended,329830,28928262,Posted: 1 January,all,PeterTheSkeeter,"Very calm, relaxing sorta game. In my opinion it's more like reading a book but now you can interact with the world while in the story."
,Not Recommended,329830,13726682,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!This is a Walking simulation game.Interface/Menu/SettingsAll resolution sizes are available.You can play the game fullscreen or windowed mode.None really.About the game.So this game.. Lol Game <.< I don't even know it's worthy enough to be named as ""game"". So this Boring experience is not going to be worth your time. You will just wander around in this ""thing"" that is what you do. You will see some text popping up from time to time to explain the story to you. But Is that really going to make it worth while? No! The only thing what you are doing is walking around and listen to some ingame sound.It's story focused... So focused that everything else is just bad in this game.Very Bland (Scenery).2D GRASS!!!It's really boring.There is a mouse sensitivity slidebar available.There is an audio volume slidebar available.No enemies, No interesting actions. Just Walking.Other things.Unity.-------------------I Give this game a 2/10"
,Recommended,329830,23519023,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,RipWitch,"The Moon Sliver plas on the elements from their previous game Fingerbones and does a better job at it. You can tell the developer has worked hard on improving the environment along with the story. As you explore and read, you find out more about the events surronding the area and well, you'll have to play to find out. The writing has improved and will leave you needing to find out what exactly happened on this islane. Why are you on it? What is hunting you? Why can you only enter the mountain at night?Let's just say...there's a dark side to this moon."
76561197972536173,Recommended,329830,33028356,Posted: 30 June,all,Gill_Magical,Its a walking simulator but i don't think the 'gameplay' is really the appeal for this. I was sucked in by the creepy story and atmosphere. This is like the video game equivalent of a short story; if thats what you are after then i recommend this to you.
76561197979487649,Recommended,329830,33439017,Posted: 10 July,all,Trashware,"This is one of those games to play if you're in need of a short, quick burst of walking simulator style story telling. It is nicely written even though the story itself is not very deep or surprising at all. Personally I have a soft spot for the kind of primitive 3d graphics used and the lighting was pretty so graphically it was up my ally. There was a great sense of desolation and bleakness that added up to the story, accompanied by fitting alhtough occasionally too obviously looping sound and music bites. The Moon Silver is a Short, atmospheric, horror tale with little interaction but walking around and I enjoyed it exactly because of that. And hey, it's cheap so that's nice."
,Recommended,329830,17889354,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,QuizTheCannon,"Ok so a few things about this game. First its labeled as a ""horror game"" now in retrospect its kinda creepy especially since you get a lot of back story clues and you dont really know exactly whats going on except for the fact that you're alone on this island. However it is not exactly a scary game, it never made me jump or anything and the story is not really scary. However I will say the environment and the feel of the game does make you feel a bit creeped out as you do not know what the plot of the story is.Now the graphics surprised me, I thought they did a really good job of the graphics and the environment. Because you dont know where you're going or where you're at you get to see a lot of the enviroment as you go along, and you need to do that to find clues.The actual story is somewhat interesting, however it can be kind of hard to follow. And the ending wasn't so good. Tbh I got the game for like  59 cents on sale, and I suppose its worth it. If you want a decent story and an hour to kill I'd say try it out. Plus the normal sale is $1.99 so its hard to beat."
