user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198016707912,Recommended,329970,15322585,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,archenemy,"I was leading a raid against a human fortress: my legendary warrior and seven of my most powerful vampires fought with all their might against the stronghold.Suddenly I got a message: my lair is under attack. Knights and archers were entering my dungeon, and the weak poison traps didn't really hurt them. Orcs and even the lowly goblins tried to put up a fight, but were cut down mercilessly by the knights. A few of the vampires had more success against the intruders, killing a few. A vampire's head was chopped, yet it kept fighting, swinging wildly.Ultimately the knights were victorious. Not much was between them and the Keeper of the Lair. I controlled the keeper, stunning them, buffing myself, fighting down an archer, stunning another knight in a hallway so the others cannot enter, then blinking away before they were able to catch me. But they kept coming, and my spells were all on cooldown. I fled to a long corridor, hoping to win some time...I was prepared to die, yet the knights seemed to lost me. I gave up the direct control of the Keeper, to see what happened. It seemed that all the knights surrendered, and were heading to the prison! But why?And then I noticed that my legendary warrior returned to the keep from the siege. The knights knew that they had no chance. Phew. Another crisis gone.Then, because of the corpses lying around, poisonous gases polluted the air, and I died. Roguelike at its best."
,Recommended,329970,18162956,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Nanban Jim,"As one review succinctly put it, KeeperRL is ""Dwarf Fortress for sane people."" Let me expand on that.Dwarf Fortress is a game I love to read about. You get such awesome stories from it, likeBronzemurder(one of the more succinct, well-presented ones).I've always loved reading DF stories. But when I try playing it, even after sinking 20 hours into playing and working through tutorials, I'm still quite baffled by what to do, why things happen, or how to get things done. I've never had a functioning Fortress. I've never been able to figure out how to brew booze (which Dwarves need for life, like water). I think it has something to do with plants I have to grow, but I can't figure out what plants, how to grow them, etc etc.Enter KeeperRL.After 20 MINUTES into KeeperRL, I have a (rather haphazard, admittedly)fortressdungeon.It works. It functions. The game prompted me on the very basics I'd need. If I wanted to deviate from that, it let me; it even lets me turn off those hints... but it didn't assume, from the get-go, that I wasn't a new player. It never assumed that I wanted to spend as much time researching this game as it takes to write a college paper just to be able to play the game on the most basic level.That's important in such a complex game!The Dwarf Fortress game cycles like this: Play, Die, Boggle, Google. Repeat.But KeeperRL cycles in like this instead: Play, Die, LEARN. Repeat.That makes it, even in this Alpha state, far more enjoyable than the glorious complexity of one of its main inspirations, Dwarf Fortress.TL;DR, yes, KeeperRL is DF for sane people."
76561198003648096,Recommended,329970,15148547,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Sniper No Sniping,"This game is a mix of dwarf fortress and dungeon keeper. Even in early access stage, the game is already very fun and replayable.Mechanics:You build a base somewhat like in dungeon keeper/dwarf fortress. You have mana and bunch of mineral resources. You can build different rooms to build equipment (automated), traps, etc... Minerals like iron, granite, gold are limited and non-replenishable  (gold is somewhat via enemy drops/chests). Monsters settle in your dungeon based on the sort of rooms that you have.Your goal is to survive raids and defeat all the enemy's villages in the map. Right now, there aren't enough mechanics for the game to be ""deep"", but it can kill a few hours of your time. The difficulty becomes pretty easy after a few attempts at the game.What I feel it's lacking now [Alpha 13]:- Multithreading issues make setting the game to ""single-core"" in task manager preferable to using multiple cores.- No system to generate gold. Once your base grows large enough, and you have mined the paltry amount of gold generated on the map, you can only rely on raiding villages and drops from raiders. This amount is very small to keep your base going. Your minions require quite a lot of gold.- Balancing: Both your own henchmen and enemies are very unbalanced. Usually, the enemies will be much stronger than your own minions.- Not enough raiders/attacks on the base. Sometimes you will get attacked by a powerful dragon, but it feel unbalanced and the dragon will fly away. I like a challenge. Sometimes groups of lizardmen, dwarfs, etc... will attack your base, but not frequently enough in my opinion.- Only way to attack is to command a team manually by taking control of a creature (And thereby his team) or by placing guard flags. Needs more command flags.- Villagers wont come out of their house. Attacking is mostly a slaughter via a 1 tile entrance where it turns into multiple 1 vs 1 battle for a couple minutes. (What I mean to say is this: There is a doorway into the house, and your monsters will cluster outside the doorway, and the villagers will cluster inside the house. There is no room for either to move in or out)- No option to build walls.- Some basic difficulty and world-gen settings would go a long way to increase/decrease difficulty. Options to Increase amount of enemies in map, more frequent invasions, mineral frequency, world size,etc..."
76561198036275722,Not Recommended,329970,32243723,Posted: 7 June,all,vexingcarton,"It has potential, just feels very far from a finished product right now. By 30 minutes in you'll have experienced most of what the game has to offer, the rest is needlessly tedious farming for research. Needs far more basebuilding progression and fleshing out of enemy factions."
,Recommended,329970,18908535,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Coelacanth,"KeeperRL has some serious potential for an indie dungeon management sim. It certainly feels charming like the classic Dungeon Keeper which is borrows from more than a little. The top-down look works well and the simple indie graphics have their charm despite a lack of animations.Where it shines is your ability to micromanage your dungeon layout and build teams of multiple units and take direct control of them to attack your enemies. Despite finite resources, particularly in the form of gold, granite, and iron, you will rarely feel too rushed and are given ample time each playthrough to develop your dungeon as you see fit, and once you've mustered strong defenses it's really up to you when you decide to set out and conquer.The biggest downside of the game is the difficulty caps pretty early, despite having your dungeon attacked by enemies that can early on prove to be quite devastating, once you've figured out the basics of dungeon management you will be able to conquer with little problem, and as more enemies are defeated, your job just becomes easier and easier to the point that you could just zerg rush the enemy's base at the end and win with overwhelming force. Having the game come with randomly generated worlds was a nice touch but with the same type of enemies in each, it quickly becomes rather easy to plan a winning strategy.Do I recommend this game? If you love Dungeon Management, it's definitely worth picking up and it is a lot of fun to figure out, but if you consider yourself a strategy veteran you may find the lack of challenge in the game to be a serious detractor."
,Recommended,329970,17951662,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,👯🏻🥛🐸👌🏻KEK,Dwarf Fortress for sane people.
,Recommended,329970,30326033,Posted: 4 March,all,Hiryu Protagonist,"KeeperRL is a lot of fun for an early access title, although it's still a little rough around the edges. It basically plays in two modes, although they play out in the same map and interface.There is a pausable real-time building mode that plays like Dwarf Fortress/Dungeon Keeper. In this mode, you create your own dungeon. You designate where your imps will dig out tunnels and build rooms, and work towards meeting the requirements to recruit minions.Then, when you have enough minions to create a squad, you can take direct control of them and switch to roguelike mode. This play in a standard turn based mode like any other roguelike. In this mode you control a single unit, along with your squad of allies that follow you around and act on their own. You can take your minions and raid enemy towns and dungeons.As long as the final release adds some better documentation and an effective tutorial, and does a balance pass on enemies, this is shaping up to be a really creative blend of roguelike and dungeon building."
,Recommended,329970,17594505,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,鼠将軍 Rat King,"It's like Dwarf Fortress but with graphics, a simplified UI and less actual things you can do. Considering the massive amount of things possible in Dwarf Fortress that's not necessarily a bad thing. Still early in development but still worth a look. Super fun to sink a couple of hour into making a massive dungeon in the middle of a mountain and torture POWs while you burn forests to the ground. I'd like to see and underground/above ground type of mechanic like in DF. It'd be sweet to make your dungeon span multiple levels. Definitely excited to see where this goes."
,Recommended,329970,22734120,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,ben-en,"TLDR: I liked it so much i bought it for my friend.If you like roguelikes, you will almost certainly like this game. If you like dungeon managing games, you will almost certainly like this game.Maybe i'm being too general, but it seems to me that it has done a particularly good job of capturing the good parts of both games. I like setting up dungeons and not conquering the world, then retiring and playing from the perspective of the adventurer.The development is also consistent. I quite enjoy this. For instance, i played for the first time in a few months, and suddenly there are stairs.On top of the gameplay, the linux support is marvelous. It is one of the few games that i feel like i can actually play, and hasn't been poorly ported."
76561198122044179,Recommended,329970,19465441,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Lion Heart,"This game was lots of fun, $15 dollars for over 60 hours of entertainment. This is an absolutely wonderful game and it improves every update. this is absolutely worth the money that i put in and I would pay twice that amount for this game! I honestly have to say that i would be perfectly fine with this game if development ended right now because this game is already so good.*Pros&Cons*+lots of replayability-no animations-+very difficult+wonderful ai+lots of updates+clean textures+wonderful base designing+minion teamwork+eraly access but still amazing+BANARNARS+everything else-nothing elseSo there is basically only 1 % 1/2 cons to this game, and 7 & 1/2 pros!*Everthing is awesome*"
76561197984450477,Recommended,329970,15178999,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Erlioth,"Put a hot pocket in the microwave, accidentally hit 22:22 instead of 2:22. Started this game for the first time. The first loud bang I figured was just a cat knocking something over, ignored and continued playing. The second loud bang I figured I'd better go check on that damn cat, thats when I noticed the smoke filling the house.10/10 would nearly die againWow this is by far my most ""reviewed review"" and i do care about helping others find games, so ill update this a bit. Its a Dwarf Fort light at the time i played it, it has an interesting spin in that youre the bad guy warlock killing the goody goods. Timed events before they invade your base, at the time I couldnt figure out how to equip my minions quickly enough to not make them get murdered, its not as difficult as DF if youve played that, maybe around the same as Rim World or Gnomoria, but I really enjoyed my time playing it even though I get murdered each time. If you know how to have fun with rogue likes/DF-lites then youll have a good time"
,Recommended,329970,33300626,Posted: 5 July,all,Sinbearer,"Game has massive potential to be a lite-dwarf fortress/dungeon keeper however it feels shallow at the moment and really needs more content to keep the game going. I felt I just ran through most of what the game has to offer within 3 hours of playing it.Suffice to say it's fun, some mechanics needs polishing [smarter followers, auto dropping loot at stockpiles etc] but overall, not bad for $15"
,Recommended,329970,17685490,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Scharmers (Qt3),"Exactly, precisely what it says on the tin.  Dungeon Keeper + a roguelike.The DK mechanics are there: you'll be digging out areas and building familiar (for DK players) rooms in them.  You'll summon creatures, and set them about their tasks accordingly.  You'll build traps and doors, mine for iron, gold, and stone (each of which requires a storeroom), and construct equipment for your beasties.  But instead of the realtime 3D of DK and its ilk, you are presented an old-school roguelike UI with the sundry keypresses to boot.As of AUGUST 23, 2015, the barebones mechanics are there.  All of the rooms work, monsters are summoned correctly, as go about their tasks and level up as you would expect -- even to the point where they will occasionally visit an equipment storeroom to grab any goodies that catch their eye.  The imp AI is especially good in prioritizing tasks you give them.  Grouping up critters and manually controlling them (the only real way to send out a raiding party/army) works fine as well.Outside of the barebones -- which as I stated before, actually work well, and is the most important feature! -- there's not much to do.  You obstensible goal is to conquer 5 enemy outposts to win the game.  When you attack one of the enemy races, they will occasionally send their forces to attack your dungeon; conquering the race ends that particular threat.  Nonaligned bandits will also show up.  There's a few other ""special"" events and areas, but the game as it stands right now basically revolves around building the best dungeon you can, then controlling your forces out to overrun the five ""good"" races.  The building part is pretty fun; the conquering is kind of a chore.  (Of course, it could be said that this repetitive pattern of build-then-zerg is part of DK's DNA, not a failing of KeeperRL).Should you buy the game now in its state as of this review's writing?  I'd say yes only if you acknowledge you're getting a game that has its core mechanics nicely in place, but not much to do with them.  Of course, you'll also be supporting the game's development into something bigger and better.  If you want a fleshed-out experience with lots of interesting decisions, I'd wait.One thing that I do want note is that KeeperRL's DK design is nice and streamlined, and follows the original DK2 monster and item variety pretty closely (although it adds individual weapons and items for critters, which is nice).  I was uncomfortable with War for the Overworld's changes and additions to the DK roster, particularly in the way that many things were added simply for the sake of being cool rather than important to the game design.  KeeperRL right now is all meat, no-filler, 4/4 time and I hope the dev keeps it this way."
,Recommended,329970,23440108,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Skel1,"A dungeon keeper style base management game with some rogue-like elements and what I would call ""programmer graphics"" comes together to for a satisfying if not deceptively shallow dungeon keeper like experience.The game is played almost identically to games like war for the overworld, evil genius, or dungeon keeper. You instruct your minions to carve rooms in the mountainside so you can populate it with various room types that attract new minions. There's a nice variety of minions you can attract and they are further classed into traditional humanoids and beasts. Each humanoid can be fitted with various equipment and spells to boost their stats.Once your dungeon is large enough you will either be attacked, or begin raiding. Battles take place turn based. Once you get a feel for it, fighting boils down to moving your mob near the enemy, casting your keeper's spells, then holding the space button down until your units are victorious. The loot gained from these raids is mostly insignificant, and raiding plays little role in the game aside from being ""how you beat the game"".The game lacks any sort of in depth tutorial, so at first the difficulty is very high as you scramble to bulid rooms and configure minions in an attempt to make sense of it all. Once you've figured out how KeeperRL's economy and minion system works the difficulty drops dramatically and almost every game is a guaranteed win. If you can sustain your dungeon long enough to get 20+ minions with armor, you will be more powerful than anything the game has to throw at you.Looking forward to playing this again as it comes along further. Despite my ciriticism this is a GREAT game. I'd give it a 7.5 out of 10 in terms of enjoyment. In its current state the asking price of $15 is a bit high though, it doesn't feel like 15 dollars worth of content yet."
,Not Recommended,329970,15330751,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Kuehnau,"KeeperRL at it's very base is a Roguelike, in which you take on the role of a ""Keeper"", who's job is to build a dungeon and maintain it, all the while encouring monsters to come to your dungeon. There's a handful of monsters and they all fill a role, some help generate mana, some help build equipment or potions, others do manual labor, such as installing traps or doors.The general idea of the game isn't too bad, but to be perfectly honest, there just isn't a lot there to the game. The selection of monsters you can access isn't terrible, but it doesn't feel like enough. The spells you gain access to, are useful at times, but I always feel like I am wasting resources to unlock new branches of the Sorcery trait.The game world isn't all that big and once you've played it for a few hours, you'll quickly learn that the game isn't nearly as large or have nearly enough options to keep you playing for days or weeks at a time. The game is also lacking some polish - I've had save files get lost multiple times, for whatever reason sometimes the game just slows down to a snails pace (I am willing to bet it has a massive memory leak).People have been comparing it to stuff, such as Dwarf Fortress and while I can see how it'd be easy to compare KeeperRL to that game, the reality is, it's not nearly as deep, complex or polished as Dwarf Fortress; it's no comparision at all.It feels like the game is aspiring to be something much better, more complex and polished, but in it's current state, I can't really justify the price cost for the game and it's because of this I can't recommend the game to players. Hopefully in the future, this won't be the case and I'll change my review."
76561197982815216,Recommended,329970,26450827,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Fe,"6/10It's a good dungeon keeper game, but I think it's not for me. I prefer dungeons 2 than this one. I still recommend it becuase it has some potential to be a better game.Pro-not too complex game control, I can use mouse to do most tasks.-I like the fact that my minions will randomly explore place around base and attackCons- (Biggest con) player need to control monsters manually by arrow keys to raid enemies, there is no way to just put an attack banner on a destination then let AI do all the jobs.So this game is not for people who have 'watcher' play-style like me.- No RTS game control when raid enemies too- only 2 zoom levels, far and close. It's would be better if there is another zoom level between the existing ones.-music in this game have depressing tone.- imp movement is too fast for my eyes, it make everything in my base looks unnecessary busy (add alternative slower monster who can build more effective than Imp might help this issue)- dungeon should feel more alive, minions life should be more complex."
76561197994834498,Recommended,329970,21436168,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Andy Dwyer,"After purchasing this game and playing for a couple hours, I have a first impression to make, provided that the developer keeps going.It was a bit of work to figure out at first, but much like Dwarf Fortress, once you break that wall, it's amazing. This game has limited depth, but a lot of replayability. It's a good example of a quality rogue-like, old school with modern elements. Once you establish yourself in the world, it's up to you to go out and hunt down the local tribes before they come for you.You play as the keeper, a little robed person who researchs and summons imps. By the end of the game, you have 18 orcs throwing dogs at children. Can you really get any better?Also, word of warning, axes and stuff in dragon caves are not free. The dragons will come for you."
76561198302912367,Recommended,329970,29133308,Posted: 8 January,all,Professional Meme Stealer,"Wow I  love this game. The basics are easy to pick up but this game is near impossible to master. i find the concept of creating a massive dungeon with twisting corridors and deady minions perpetually entertaining. now  ill start on the review.Flaws:Lacks content, the discovery aspect is lost within 3-4 playthroughs,overconsistency, when you find a stategy that works you only use that type of map or dungeon layout because there is no reason not to.Benifits:good for value,there is enough content to easily be worth its full price even at this stage.conplicated yet simple in places, the gameplay dosnt force anything on you anything so you can play any way you like meaning thatthe game can be hard or easy depending on how you play itOver all ive played a lot and enjoyed every bit of it. cant wait for further progress and updates.Edit:after spending mass amounts of time in the forums/playing I decided to return to my review to make some points, the first being that the sole dev  is a really receptive and kind guy whho takes suggestions well. The second being that the updates are quite active and contribute greatly to the gameplay,Especially the sub ways to do things that are available."
,Recommended,329970,18278113,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Cynapse,"The lovechild of Dwarf Fortress, Dungeon Keeper, and traditional roguelikes. I would strongly recommend this game to anyone who has enjoyed any of those games. Though this is in Early Access, the amount on content that is getting added is astounding. Multiple Z levels came in the last update, along with a huge variety of enemies, bug fixes, tweaks, and other delicious features.Play in either Keeper mode, or adventure through others' keeps roguelike-style. Both are fun, challenging, and being improved upon! The only complaint I could have is the framerate on my PC, especially when zoomed out. It is still extremely playable though."
76561198295198822,Recommended,329970,26157557,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Evillee,"Well I was looking for a good dungeon game and here it is,its only early access and still feels very polished.The game is also very full of hidden features,like for instance the dwarves told me that unless I paid a large sum of gold I would be attacked,I said hell no and then proceeded to us my breeded legendary humanoid with his posse of harpies and shot them down ouside my dungeon.While I feel like it can be a little unforgiving at times,it is only early access and also everytime you die you don't make the same mistake,for instance I started mining gold when I was too weak and bandits started to be interested in me and well after a grueling battle,they barely won.Next time I'm waiting until I'm stronger then I will decimate all those who oppose me! [Insert Maniacal Laugh Here] So I give it an 8/10 its a must play for you evil geniuses out there."
,Recommended,329970,17425526,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,kafjack,"I've yet to make it very far into the game, as the world tends to be very deadly at the moment, but I would still suggest the game to anyone interested in rogue-likes/ build your own keep type stuff. It's fun and combines elements of a few games to make one interesting concept. The game is being actively updated and worked on by the dev and it seems to be improving, not degrading. I am glad to suppor this game and it's dev and am hoping for a wonderful finished game in the future."
76561198020534387,Recommended,329970,24338539,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,estgare,"Love the game! I would really like a mode that would simulate more of dungeon keeper, in a sense that you want to lure adventuers in and set traps to take care of them. Maybe to get their souls for the dark god in the game? It's a great game though."
76561198005434251,Recommended,329970,22655441,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,bobomite,"Well i was just poking around for some games to try and this one sounded interesting.I have to say it far exceeded my expectations. First off, I will say it has not run as well on my Mac as on a PC.However, moving on.  To me this is a situation where you might be fooled by the simple graphics.  But that is not to say bad.  They convey they info and the dungeon well.  I played the text version as well and I liked it.  But the graphics and sounds are even better.So all that aside, it would be too hard to describe in detail the greatness of this game.  Let's just say that when you relax into it and give it a spin, you ARE the dungeon keeper.  Designing the layout, defenses, all that stuff is very interesting.  I could go on, but let's just say it is a very well designed game, as a game.  Tip of the hat to the team that made it, and I will be playing this ine for a while to come."
,Recommended,329970,17949134,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,kevthemagnificent,"Tentative thumbs-up. Definitely like what is in the game so far, but it's too short on content yet to be sure on the finished product. As soon as I was starting to really enjoy myself, I was pretty much at the end. Some great elements in place already though, so will definitely be coming back again after a few updates."
,Recommended,329970,31500212,Posted: 1 May,all,Ulterior The Panzie,"Neat little game that is gives me some Dwarf Fortress vibes. If you enjoy DF or things like that then you'll enjoy this. Then again, this is a lot more militarily focused than DF, namely in the sense that you actively try to take out other factions. So I guess it's like DF fortress mode lite, but has some adventure mode stuff in the mix."
,Recommended,329970,24591014,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,SebaBress,"What can I say about KeeperRL? Well, it's the first ""Early Access"" game that I've bought, usually I don't want to have anything to do with ""Early Access"" but for it's concept alone I wanted to give this game a try.So, I wasn't expecting something as deep as Dwarf Fortress, but what I got was still far too simple. But even as simple as it is right now, is still fun, but It just makes me want to play Dwarf Fortress or Dungeon Keeper. Still, we have to keep in mind that this game is still in development. I really look forward to see what new things will be implemented in the future.If could I would give a neutral vote to this game, but I can't. And as I like the concept of the game and it has a lot of potential, I recomend it."
,Recommended,329970,18922047,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Pentelain,"Lots of games have been made that draw inspiration from Dwarf Fortress, but I think this is the first one I've played where I actually felt a similar type of excitement on my first play; this game is definetly on the right track, and it is already very enjoyable.One thing I love is that you don't have to micromanage crafting and equipment. After you research/build the right workshops, your minions decide what to craft and equip themselves. I'm really looking forward to seeing how this game will develop further!"
,Recommended,329970,26483549,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Strix,"KeeperRL! It's my new antfarm of choice - I spent time with the demo, then went in and bought it and 118 minutes later I'm utterly charmed. There's something very 90s about this game, from its rough GUI to the way the tile graphics catch at my imagination. It's not an intuitive game, or one that does any handholding - you have to figure out practically everything yourself, but that's fine! It's not like Dwarf Fortress where you're wrestling with the game itself to figure out how to play it - it's not too complex, so far, and I quite like the interface as it's very functional.So what is it, exactly?It's a mixture of Dungeon Keeper with Dwarf Fortress, where you're an evil mage who moves into a local fantasy realm with a hoard of imps with one goal: conquer everything. So you build into the nearest mountain and set up a little base - you need beds for your minions, a library for you to study in, a workshop to build traps - all of those standard workhorses. Your equivalent Dungeon Heart is you - you're the squishy Keeper, and if you die, it's over. So build your base deep into the mountain and plonk down a whole lot of traps between you and the outside world.Depending on what you build, different beasties come to join you - from cave bears to vampires - and you don't control them directly, most of the time. They wander around according to their schedules and explore or eat bandits or sleep all day, and I really enjoy watching them go through their routines. Depending on what they are, they can also spend time training or equipping themselves with new weapons, which is good, because the villains in this game aremean.Especially elves, yikes.So as you build you need resources - mine iron or granite out of the mountain, chop trees (all by marking the related zones with your cursor) - but the biggest bottleneck is mana. The game will tell you build a prison and torture chamber so you can torture innocents for mana. No. What you want is a library, so you can assign your Keeper to studying nonstop. That keeps up the steady flow of mana, which you then use to unlock things like building traps / learning spells / pig farming / etc. Kind of a weird design choice, but whatever.One more thing: you can control your individual minions directly and set them up in teams so you can, say, take a group of wolves and lead them out to slaughter farm animals for fun and profit. You can do this with anything you control - your Keeper, your imps, whoever. It's a really nice system and it's fun to, say, go raid a cemetary full of zombies with a single wolf. Or direct your vampires personally as you're under attack!Gameplay is turn-based, by the way. Think Nethack - you bump against guys to attack them, they bump back, you all move on a grid - it's nice and straightforward. When you're controlling your minions directly it moves to standard roguelike - they only move when you do - but when you're in the main mode it all moves - you can speed it up from 1x to 2x and so on. Or pause it!The game is still early access, but there's enough here that I'm happy with it. It tickles that nostalgia bone something fierce, and I'm going back in to see if I can't figure out how to bring down those horrible elves. A few more notes, though: the dev is active, and even responded to a post I made on the steam forums quickly.There are multiple gameplay modes as well - you can have campaign mode where you set up your mountain base mostly unmolested and lead raids into other maps - into user-made dungeons as well! - or there's single map mode, where there's no division between your base and the elves to the south. It's more cramped, but in a way I prefer as there's more life to it so far. There's also adventurer mode, where you're a single dude going on a more roguelike-y adventure, but I have't tested it yet.KeeperRL! It's still on sale and I like it. I've been warned that games are short and you're likely to see everything quickly, but psh, that's fine. What's there is working for me and I'd rec having a look at it to see if it also strikes your fancy. There is a demo on the website, but it's ASCII only so, er, use at your own risk. (I'm bad at reading ascii.)"
,Recommended,329970,22837883,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,young,I personally enjoyed this game a lot for a while even though I have never really played roguelikes that much. The gameplay does get repetitive after a while but the developer is continuously updating the game so there's always more content if you just wait a bit. I haven't played the game in a while and I noticed a campaign mode was added so I am writing this and heading off to try it out.
,Recommended,329970,16686106,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,The Lost,"If you ever wanted to play dwarf fortress, but the interface and keyboard control made you frustrated to play, KeeperRL is the perfect game for you.The game is simple to learn and simple to get into.It only took me half an hour to understand how game fully works.You can use your mouse!!!! to interact with UI and characters.Even though it is currently in early access, you can still enjoy the decent amount of contents.I would definitely recommend this game if you are looking for a similar game like dwarf fortress."
76561198015232268,Recommended,329970,15241252,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Greenfox21,"This game is in it's current state:-playable-fun-addictingIt's a simple concept of ""build up, train up, kill all."".But the execution of that is hard.I failed 3 times hard. About half an hour later (3th start) i had the basics into me.Keeper 1*1:-don't build tresure rooms if you don't need them. They attract bandits. Have at least some orcs or so to defend + use up gold.-Keepers, goes back ... back ... back. Put the libary way back into your dungeon. And not before the treasure room!-don't get beasts if you can't handle the agression of towns and other races. These beast scout ... and bring doom, if you can't fend attackers of. Get em, when your strong enough to hold down an attack of 4~8 enemies. A group of 10 orcs of about 12 level. Or anything mixed together of around 12 levels which amounts to 10 units. Is good.-Graveyards to the front. Make a dor on each site. Corpses of enemys that are just laying there, will rot. Causing poison gas to accumulate. Nice little free trap. Enemy breaks in ... get a good breather of gas. And your imps repair the door afterwards. (Get your underlings some poison resits rings. Newcomers wont die if the graveyard isn't to big. But be careful of that.)-ghosts. Put these with the ritual room somewhere in your mainhall. Enemys that get past the poison of your graveyard. Traps. and possible a few guards. Will die from them.-LEVEL your KEEPER too! I feel it increases your max amount of underlings ... but surely it makes him survive stupid mistkes better.And lastly. If you get a prisoner for your prison. Torture them. HAHAHAHAHA!You will want that mana to upgrade your means of  evil!"
76561198025276694,Recommended,329970,15220017,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Ginko,"Totally hooked on this game, I love the concept and it smashes together the Dwarf Fortress / Dungeon Keeper combo really well. I think my first 20 games either saw me getting rinsed by the first raid on the first night, or ended abruptly with me doing dumb things with my dungeon master!!I love the concept that when you complete a map, your dungeon gets uploaded to the web for other players to try and conquer it with a hero (yeah right!!)Looking forward to seeing this game fleshed out with more features, but there is plenty in there at the moment, I think it would be great just to see this game advancing in depth and complexity.It can be punishing, but if you like what you read in the description and are familiar with the games mentioned, you won't be disappointed!!"
,Recommended,329970,15259781,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,CRab_PEoPLe,"Well, this game is definately for the hard core audience. The permadeath is real. When you die, you saved file gets erased. After getting rocked the first few times, you begin not to care so much about building the perfect base (because a single mistake and its all gone, forever) and instead focus on how to actually survive and defeat the red dragon and elves. The elves.... I hate the elves... The only issue with the game that I can see so far is gold. Gold is always an issue because your minions get paid too much and there is too little on the map. I mean really... do you really need to pay your minions a mountain of gold ever day? Fix this please!"
76561198072863946,Recommended,329970,18672644,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Pennington,"Short background:I love Dwarf Fortress, and some other roguelikes.I just started this game.What I think about KeeperRL:Its a pretty good game, which needs improvements for replayability and as a RL, in details, which developer promised in early access section. When I wrote this review I only played for 1 hour and I only managed to build a very simple dungeon, unlike Dwarf Fortress where you would still be looking for how to dig or build anything, but yes, I made a lot of mistakes in my first play, and this game is not most simple game ever, but I think it is, for a roguelike, which is good thing, especially for someone who wants to get into RLs.tl;dr:A simple, fun roguelike that does not require you to put days into learning it.again, I might be wrong in some places since I only played game for a hour when I wrote this."
76561198035780290,Recommended,329970,23234347,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,mmcc2001,"A fine game that's a mix of Dungeon Keeper with the permadeath of Roguelikes.Basically you mine resources out of a mountain to build a Dungeon to raise an army to conquer the world. Easier said than done, especially with the recent addition of ""Campaign mode"" that spreads your allies/enemies to a randomly generated world map. In this mode you can even download and place enemy dungeons designed by other players as enemies!You can't be complacent at all in this game... you can train your Keeper to the max and still be insta-killed by an invisible adversary. For example, yesterday I sent a team of vampires lead by my level 11 keeper to a tomb filled with level 2 zombies. Easy, I thought... until a sleep potion flew from the darkness, KO'ed the keeper and then a zombie proceeded to rip him to shreds. I was in a narrow corridor so the vamps couldn't help. You really have to be careful in this game.If you enjoy Dungeon Keeper and Roguelikes, you'd like this. Despite early access this is already a fully playable and fun game with reliable development (unlike some other early access games which have been abandoned)."
,Recommended,329970,34325494,Posted: 18 August,all,Glomerulust,"This game is awesome!It is really easy to learn and lets you thrive your dungeon the way you want.You be a coward and hide in your dungeon for 5000 turns setting up traps, farming knights and bandits or you can be a real man and get out your cave of manliness and take on the enemies one by one. Game devs are great and they listen to the community, so it is getting better and better with every patch.BUT sadly in this current state the game does not have a lot to offer. It still has a long way to go. In this state you can play the game for like 10 hours and experience almost everything the game has. It repeats itself with every run. As a dungeon master you do the same exact things you have already done in your last game. You change its course but still it feels the same. I personally play the game whenever it gets an update. I really love the game and  I think it will be a legendary game with a lot of depth in to it when it is done.In conclusion even tho it still has a long way to go, I love the game and recommend it to everyone."
,Recommended,329970,15387940,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Sporkmonger,"Great game concept, but ends kind of abruptly when you finish killing everything on the map. It's obviously inspired by Dwarf Fortress – it should take a page from the DF playbook and have enemies and sieges arrive from the edge of the map and attempt to lay waste to everything. Bandits sort of try to do this, but don't quite manage to be a compelling challenge.Overall, my biggest complaint is simply that the game has an ending and I don't think it should.I'd also like to see a little bit deeper research tree and perhaps some more interesting breeding mechanics. Succubai seem pretty imbalanced at the moment, once you've unlocked the high level mutation research. Just build out a big ritual room and suddenly, POOF, absurdly massive high-level army after a flurry of copulation. Too many undead and vampires? Just absorb them with dopplegangers that don't mind the sun.Haven't tried adventure mode in earnest yet.I know that sounds like a list of complaints, but really, it's a great take on the Dwarf Fortress genre, one of the better ones by far."
,Recommended,329970,30330035,Posted: 4 March,all,Ozzy,"I love this game, not even talking about how the gameplay brings df vibes while being very pleasant to look at and the different enemy factions and how they all react a bit different. What really gets me is the developer this game is a proper alpha game, it has been in development with constand huge additions and changes since I first found it about a year and a half ago, I actualy have faith that it will actualy be finished a weird thought for an alpha game in 2017 where it would normaly be riddled with microtransactions and money gouging dlcs.TLDR: A great rouguelike adventure game and an even better base building strategy game with macro and micromanaging elements to it; would buy again 10/10 IGN"
,Recommended,329970,27139025,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,5 Bears On Patrol,"Excellent ""porting"" of Dungeon Keeper to a traditional Roguelike.The recent change of room building to a furniture based system from a Dungeon Keeper room system is interesting. While some people used to the old system don't like it, I see it as a way of allowing the player flexibility (rooms can be mixed) as well as providing for changes later down the line (like choices between workshop tables, bookshelves, beds etc.)It has also shifted to a more instanced style map. So you're dungeon doesn't share space with other dungeons (except for a few kobolds or dwarves) and you instead raid (or are raided) by parties travelling between instances on the world map. Seems like an ideal change to allow the downloading and raiding of other peoples dungeons.Certainly an actively developed, and currently very fun dungeon keeper."
76561198047125253,Recommended,329970,15157132,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,[CKG] LostofView,"Dungeon Keeper meets permadeath!So far I could not find serious bugs except for the impossible balance. Hardly has begun the first night come the invaders but these are with me in almost all ""random generated"" maps always a Zyclop lvl 27 and Dragon lvl 36. In contrast, a dragon my previously trained ogre comes lvl 15 not times to .....So although here and there weaknesses can be seen, this is but one developed very far for an Early Access game. For me, a strong buy recommendation.+ Global and Local rankings+ Rouge Like and Tactics Gameplay+ Small RPG element+ Management elements- Foe Balancing- Map generator fails(map filled with wood and small mountain)- Less options(Music & Sounds / gameplay and above)"
76561198009690561,Recommended,329970,28445254,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Da Wuzz,"Interesting mix of the old dungeon Keeper games and rogue likes. Its alot of fun and pretty easy to pick up. My main complaint is that I won the game on my first play through and in under 4 hours no less.However, the game is in Alpha and I imagine more content is incoming. It also makes a random setup everytime you play so maybe I got an easy land.P.S. Vampire lords are OP ... I finished the game pretty much soloing with mine ... lolP.S.S Game has a neat feature which allows you to put your completed Dungeons or other players Dungeons into new games. This can ramp up the difficulty quite alot depending on how strong the imported Keepers and their minions are. :-)"
76561198041704208,Recommended,329970,22927486,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Xedilian,"I bought and played this game as a first time experience, so i hope this is atleast helpfull to some of you.KeeperRL (rogue like) is a pretty good game, Though i wouldn't rave over it. Sure it has its up's and down's like for example.... starting for the first time, and not knowing about Tree Spirits..... I learned the hard way with that one, cutting down loads and loads of tree's for that precious wood...... annnnnnnd suddenly a tree spirit appeared, Killing my imp's making it's way to my dungen entrance and destroying my entire dungen, forcing me to start over again then realising realising the situation i was in over the... Perma death. Soon as your "" Keeper "" Dies, It's all over boys.This game is all about trial and error at first, much alike dark souls. You never know what you're about to face unless you poke an educated guess.  ( this game is nothing like dark souls btw ) So down to the point. I see alot of people compairing this game to Dwarf Fortress. Yes i understand how people would compare it to that game, However as of current state "" alpha 18 ""  This game is very far from Dwarf Fortress's Complexity and nothing alike. You just can't compare this game to Dwarf Fortress, other then the similarity's they share.What i like about this game the most, is you can do whatever you like. You decide weather or not you are good or bad. you can go around slaying innocent creatures and humanoids such as Farmers, Women, Children, Pigs, cows, horses for that oh so precious mana early game and ultimatly end up getting raided. Or you can play it peacefull early on and then decide to wreak havok at a later part of the game, when you have finally learned how to train your Minions up to be strong enough to take on a red dragon. ( which is srs buisness btw ) You can even decide at the begining of the game to go explore and see what's in the world. You may come across something interesting such as the Human keep and see all that free gold sitting there and think.... "" Holy hell look at all that gold!, its just sitting there.... Im gonna take it ""  Not realising what may happen if you do take that gold ;).There are many supprises in this game that i cant even begin to elaborate on. There are Triggered events, that happen during the game when you least expect it. suddenly you are being raided by Bandits, Or the notorious Elementalist and you must defend your keeper otherwise... It's all over boys.Now there are some issues with this game, But the devs are TRYING to do their best to sort it out, they even go as far as asking for your save file to look into whatever errors/bugs you have encountered so that they can learn from it, I like this. It's actively supported and not forgotten about.( Like Dayz )I found it to be a bit of a learning curve at first. There is no tutorial in game currently, the dev's say they plan on adding on. In depth information about creatures is almost non exsistant on the internet but im sure they will eventually add in the information when they have the time. It is a little bit annoying having to learn game when there is 20% of the game that is roughly hidden to you, such as how minions are recruited, Learning the combat system and finding out the hard way, your minions just arent high enough level to go out and take on a bunch of bandits or elves... MY GOD I HATE ELVES.... So will you.....   But its all in good fun.I would reccomend this game if you are bored with everything else on steam that you've usually been playing and you want to try something new and differnet. If you've heard of Dwarf Fortress and have never tried it out before, i would reccomend you try KeeperRL. i gaurentee you that you will like it. Personally i've always found Dwarf Fortress to be a little to daunting to try and learn for myself.   Then i found this game."
,Recommended,329970,18954497,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,GrandSepha,"Great game by a tiny indie team. Classic old school fun, and plays fine on an underpowered Windows tablet with the stylus."
,Recommended,329970,24644374,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,AvenDoram,So This game is really good. The developer constantly works on it and fixed the issue I had before that made me have to give it a negative review. It is a dungeon management game. It may take a playthrough to understand most things. But after you do it is very fun invading and watching your dungeon grow and become stronger.
,Recommended,329970,16901309,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Daleth,"Honestly when I was looking for a rogue-like game, I did not have this in mind. I have played very little of it, but I am already in love. It is a instant classic! I love the aspect of research, and creation. I have no problems with it, it's great!I would love it even more if there was a aspect or game mode that allows infinite game play, something that you can just work on for weeks. The site I found this game on suggested that its completion time was two hours.."
76561198019224823,Recommended,329970,15149462,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Wilokers,"Had a bat that flew around, found some gnomes and killed them all single wingedly.69/420It is essentially the growing love child of Dwarf Fortress (in a very watered down sense), and Dungeon Keeper.  Must any more words be typed? (Perhaps)Though I do admit, it is and going to be an awesome game, but the normal price tag is a bit more than I would put for it.  At the same time though, it is in a way justifiable if you want it going to support an indie developer rather than the big money honey developers."
76561198399503924,Recommended,329970,32840642,Posted: 26 June,all,Frankly Franky,"Good game and has the potential to be better. The only complaint I have is that there are no animations for most if not all objects, but I encourage the developer to add more gameplay and depth to the game."
76561198030965719,Recommended,329970,16402395,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,NerdyVampire,"Dungeon keeper and dwarf fortress have had a lovechild, and it is beautiful!The game controls becomes easy to handle after a few try-and-fails. Fun!If you like either of the above games, and also like the retro style of console top-down games, you'll want to pick this up. The developers are dedicated, the game is both very good and promising and I already feel I've gotten my moneys worth of fun.It IS in alpha, so you should expect:- Not so much tutorial- Not so much flavour text- No mercyFor new players it is recommended to watch the youtube videos by RollingWithNat20 and others, I found them both entertaining and they explore the various ways you can play this game."
76561197998860722,Recommended,329970,25077477,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Derinma,"You like dungeon keeper?Yes.Do you like to direct control things with ease?Yes.Would you like that your dungeon core is actually a character that you can control?Yes.DO YOU LIKE BEING EVIL?YES SATAN!DO YOU LIKE TO KILL & TORTURE VILLAGERS?!?YESHAHAHAHA!yea like...you know it has potential.Still lacks vertical building/digging, walls etc."
,Recommended,329970,32393332,Posted: 13 June,all,rekcofriot,Kill your enemy by thowing a medkit at them.
,Recommended,329970,18481732,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Purps™,"The game's great fun, but if you're thinking about getting it you might want to wait until it has more content/try the demo version unless you've got a real burning desire to play it straight away as it's really easy to run out of things to do in its current state.As it's sort of like Dwarf Fortress with a much more sensible interface, KeeperRL definitely has a lot of potential. Worth keeping an eye on."
76561198017971510,Recommended,329970,15155083,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,StoriesAndPringles,"~TLDR at the bottom~!If you like roguelikes and have always wondered what it would like to be the dungeon master - or just want a more ""management/strategy"" aspect to roguelikes... this is the amazing answer for you.As soon as I saw this on my recommended list, I was surprised that I found a gem that I've been dreaming of right in-front of my eyes, on sale for hardly anything.I'm in love with this game, it gives a new feel of roguelike that I've been yearning to see in the genre and it delivers!As in all roguelikes, expect to lose and die. A lot. With each death though, you learn from the mistakes you've made on our previous Keeper and improve.=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=A bit of a more personal moment just to tell you what can happen in this game.I became more adept to the game and managed a pretty good base, but was running thin. Only just getting new Orc trooper recruits and goblins that've made a scarce few amount of weapons, I thought my defences would be okay against some bandits so I decided to send my Imps on a big resource run - alas they ran into a dwarf camp and it got to the point where my keeper was on a last stand against 3 lightly wounded dwarf warriors and all he had with him was a level 3 goblin shaman. I was so happy that I equipped my Keeper with decent gear and made him study and train for ages, because he defeated those Dwarfs like a BOSS! Anyway... So I wasn't expecting to win that and realized I should beef up my troops. My army grew larger and toughter but wave after wave of lizardmen kept it waring thin.The last invasion I had I lost my Ogre which I beeefd up hard and it was a big loss, but my Orc men were growing strong and I was also gaining Vampires that were wielding 2-H Warhammers (lol) and bows - all these soldiers I've had left were around level 10-12 and only amounting to around 9-10 soldiers. Then the Green Dragon decided it was a good idea to attack my base. Yes, the GREEN DRAGON. Level 35, pretty crazy stats. I thought my soldiers were done for... I grouped up my men with the level 12 orc as the leader, and slowly lead them to face off the dragon in the Resource Room (the largest room I had, thought it'd be the best area to fight the dragon so more of my men can fight him at once) and they waited in formation ..... BANG! the Dragon blew open the door and approached my men. The Orc Commander charged with his soldiers, slicing and dicing him with every oft hit ... while the Dragon constantly missed like a drunkard. I was surprised... Every turn I ordered my men to attack the dragon, they swifty dodged every attack and in no time, they chased him down to the corner fo the room where he was whimpering, critically wounded. I could feel it, I could feel the Orc Commander smiling as he raised his sword to take the final blow on this Green Dragon who decided to invade his home. The Dragon died.. and I shed a tear, as I thought I would not see a single one of my men alive and that the Keeper would have fallen. I never cry in games like this, it's a Rogue Like (who cries in Rogue Like games... seriously? XD), you get used to your characters dying - but this moment. It was something unique. I felt a new respect for my soldiers, my characters  - against all odds, they stood on top of their foe - ROARING with satisfaction of defeating an impossible foe. This is the most vivid and real experience I've ever had in a Rogue Like, if ANY, game ever. (yes.. I did actually shed a tear when my men killed the dragon.. I'm the feeler type okay :p)TL;DR - If you love Roguelikes and have been looking for something new and different in the genre, this is for youalso, I like bacon."
76561197970528019,Recommended,329970,22757033,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,SimplyNoobin,"Bought it, forgot what time it was, it's now about 1am.. oops.  Avoid if you don't want to stay up by accident, otherwise, get it.  It's good."
76561198307568637,Not Recommended,329970,26497723,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,mandrinnd,"Do i have to take the update? Damn.This game was great until the last update. while it was a bit easy on the easier mode, the hard mode was still brutal and unforgiving. A nice balance. After this update, I am being constantly being attacked even on the easier mode, and can not hold out as my minions will always run away and never help due to the moral addition. Resources are now even more limimted and in most cases it is impoosible to grow. Production is no longer automated ( to an extent) and you now have to micromanage your base. (JOY) Overall, if you can catch this on sale for a few dollars, go for it, but do not pay full price.I will not be able to play this anymore until the developer makes it playable again, and would reccomend you not buy this until the developer fixes it."
,Recommended,329970,15330752,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,WardenPlight,"Fantastic game! It's an Early Access but it is great already. So, here's the thing. You're a wizard and you're tired of all those humans, elves, dwarves, lizard people and what not. That's why you gotta create the greatest dungeon ever and fill it with traps and monsters! If you don't feel like standing still and waiting for all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s to come, just create a team and make your way into the random generated world, find your foes and destroy them!If you love Dungeon Keeper and you feel like playing Dwarf Fortress but you feel that game is a bit too much, KeeperRL is a great choice. Definetly worth the price.Also, when you finish your game as a Keeper, you can upload your map to the Internet so that other players can visit it and try to end your reign of chaos! What's more, you can also play as an Adventurer and visit other player's map.What are you waiting for? Get the game!"
76561198027916193,Recommended,329970,20142384,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Augeas,"Really fun game, worth supporting devs for this one.As for the game as of now, alpha stages, you can have a lot of fun. But once you get the hang of it, it becomes really easy.The strong part of the game is the keeper mode, the adventure mode can be really good but it is easy to people cheese their games so it is impossible to get anywere.This game have so much potencial. Hyped to see how this grows and develops.Keep the good work devs."
,Recommended,329970,20231948,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Dramion,I absolutely love this game! My only issue is that whenever the game crashes it deletes my save. i dont know if this happens to other people but it happens to me. Im fine with the crashes its the loss of a save that hurts. 99.99% recommend this game. I love how well the game looks and cant wait to see what comes next :). Cya
,Recommended,329970,24605800,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,trekkie1021,"I bought this game on a whim after seeing it on sale on my wishlist.  Within the first hour I had killed my dungeon's keeper by accidently burning his library to the ground with him inside.  I tried to play Dwarf Fortress several months ago and found the controls too complicated, but KeeperRL comes with much simpler controls while still giving the player a similar experience.  For anyone who enjoys base building games this is one for your library."
76561198101963252,Recommended,329970,15273157,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,-F00L-]V[eT@L-,"Amazing Game, it's great as is but has sooo much potential it's not even funny.From adding new creatures and spells to new rooms and game modes if the dev adds things like this and continues to give this game love it could become a classic dungeon simulator and so much more.But remember it is a rogue-like so there is a learning curve and a bit of trial and error but once things start clicking it's oh so rewarding.Keeper is life. Keeper is death. Happy Dungeoneering"
,Recommended,329970,26510859,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,1L1NC4,"After a few hours of playing, I can easily say this game is promising. In it's current state the keeper mode is more than enjoyable, though it could afford to have some more monsters and some balance improvements. A clearer level system would also be nice. The main way I'd like to see this mode improved is by letting you expand your territory and get a larger map to work with, as well as more room types and more monster types. Also a clearer idea of what can be walked through and what can't when placing things. Beds can be walked through but training dummies can't, it's a bit perplexing as to why.Adventure mode on the other hand is a kind of disappointing roguelike. I only played it once and it appears to give you a random class. As some of my favorite roguelikes do, I prefer indepth character gen(like adom) over more shallow games and that seems to be lacking. That said, it's not the primary attraction for this game. I'd like to see this mode expanded, but will not be super disappointed if it's not."
76561198013938665,Recommended,329970,27633588,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kromtec,"If you love roguelike games, definitely try this one.You are not restricted to the underground like in the old dungeon keeper games.In this game you can raid various locations like villages, castles, elfen forests, dragon lairs and lots more.It is also lots of fun to load the retired dungeons of other players into your game and fight against them.All your humanoid minions have an inventory and can carry and equip weapons, armor and consumables like potions, scrolls and medicine.You can craft these items and deadly traps in your dungeons workshops and forges or loot them from your slain enemies.The combat is also very different from dungeon keeper. You form teams and directly control the leader in a roguelike turnbased fashion.It is very actively developed and I already look forward to the next update."
76561197998325470,Recommended,329970,28115609,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,JabberwockyX,"I just finished winning a campaign, and thought I'd share my thoughts while they're fresh.First off, the idea for the game is pretty cool.  You build your own dungeon, which acts as a base to attract an army and forge weapons & armor.  Normally, all your creatures just go about their business, doing stuff like training, forging, sleeping, and eating.  They can be assigned tasks, or else the AI takes over and does pretty sensible things.  Time passes automatically.  At this stage you're mostly concerned with digging out tunnels and rooms, mining resources, and issuing commands to build stuff in your dungeon.  Watching as your little minions do their thing.You attract different kinds of creatures to your army depending on what you build in your dungeon.  It's a pretty neat mix of creature types, from orcs and goblins to vampires and ghosts, with different strengths and abilities.  You accumulate mana over time (or by defeating enemies) that can be used to unlock more advanced skills.  These skills generally allow you to build more types of stuff, like traps, weapons, and armor.  You can also unlock a variety of spells for use in combat.You can also enter a turn-based mode where you lead an assembled army for raids against other dungeons and creatures.  You do this by controlling the leader.  The other members of the army will follow you and attack nearby enemies.  Combat is simplistic - to attack you just move your controlled creature into an enemy tile.  But you can also shoot arrows, or use spells depending on the abilities and equipment of the creature you're controlling.  To me, building up a powerful enough army was the more interesting aspect over the combat itself.  But it was fun to lead my army out and see what they could do.The mix of real-time dungeon building and turn-based rogue-like combat is a neat blend, and works well.Your base can also come under attack, during which you can defend it in turn-based mode.  Or just leave your army to deal with the intruders in real-time mode.The game is very stable - I experienced no crashes or even significant bugs.  The ""alphaness"" manifests in a few other ways though.  There is no tutorial, and extremely limited in-game help on how the game works.  Figuring out how to play involved lots of experimentation, or hitting up the forums when I couldn't figure something out.  Also, the game's mechanics are sometimes a little muddy - for example it's not readily apparent what all the dungeon items you can build are actually for.  I had to take a few run at things.  It wasn't till my 3rd play-through that I really felt I had a grasp on what I was doing, and was able to win the campaign.  It would be even harder for someone with little experience playing these types of games.That's all fine, and no big surprise for an alpha.  Likely, something which will get worked out as the game nears completion.  But as of now, it's less ""hand holdy"" and accessible than you would expect from a finished game.The difficulty balance will also still need some work.  Again, no surprise for an alpha.  But the initial enemies I needed to fight were quite difficult for my relatively weak army.  As I defeated enemies, I grew more powerful and eventually the remaining enemies became absolutely trivial.  There needs to be some kind of progression of more difficult enemies to fight.  At the moment I don't feel there's a ton of replay value, as I'm pretty sure I could now use my knowledge of the game mechanics to easily beat another campaign.  But I enjoyed it enough to recommend it.  The replayability may get a lot better as more balance and content is ironed out during early access.  Also, there are some other game modes like ""Adventurer"" (instead of ""Campaign"") which I didn't try.The interface is all menu driven, or you can use keyboard shortcuts.  It does a pretty good job of things.  But it takes a little playing around to figure how to do stuff like assemble an army.I enjoyed my time playing, and happy to support the dev while building a neat game."
76561198009416122,Recommended,329970,35067743,Posted: 19 September,all,chongodank,"For the developer of KeeperRL thanks for making a great game.My impressions from playing the game about 1 ~ 2 years ago versus today (I haven't played for 1-2 years waiting for the game to be finished but recently played it again).Rating 1~2 years ago: 9/10Sandbox dungeon keeper freaking awesome and satisfying exploration and village pillaging.Powerful and fun spells that allow you to mess with the NPC's and dominate the map.Left feeling satisfied when you close the game because you felt like a powerful warlock/wizard dungeon keeper.What would have made the game better:  more content such as capturing a princess from a nearby kingdom.  More spells and the ability to pick and choose what type of a spell casting keeper you want to experiment with.  Arena to have prisoners fight.I never felt like game mechanics needed to be fixed but the new improvements in the current version are great.Rating today: 7/10The Keeper spells and powers have been weakened to the point that I don't want to use my keeper anymore and the overall effect is that when I close the game I feel dissatisfied with my experience.  I'm not sure why I can't put my finger on it.  The keeper seems more fragile and I would rather just leave him in the dungeon to farm mana.NPC's run away and it seems like the only option when playing now is to use a bow and arrows instead of using cool magic spells.The minion recruitment mechanic is great as well as other mechanic improvements.The campaign mode makes sense when trying to isolate the keeper dungeon so that adventurers don't start on a map where every outlying village and tribe is already wiped out.  The downside to this is that it ruined the awesome sandbox experience that makes KeeperRL shine.  I know I can start a sandbox map by choosing to but this should be the primary default option when starting a new game especially for new players because this is the KeeperRL you want them to experience not the campaign mode.I like the new content such as the vampire lord, zombie mausoleum, gnome dungeon and automaton.What will make the game better:  Line of site for all minions in a team/group it sucks not being able to see your minions fighting just hearing stuff dyeing.  More content such as capturing a princess from a nearby kingdom.  More spells and the ability to pick and choose what type of a spell casting keeper you want to experiment with.  Make the keeper more powerful for instance being able to choose the spell lightning, fireball, summon skeletons, or cause a corpse to explode.  There should be a limit on what spells the keeper equips so you create a sense of experimentation and trying out new combinations.Again to the developer thanks for a making a quality game that is far better than a lot of games being produced today."
,Recommended,329970,15366167,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,havlentia,"All the coy manuevering aside, this is 2D Dungeon Keeper and it's awesome for it.  The game punishes you with triggered events that will stomp you flat should you expand too quickly to allow your minions to train and/or equip, so you'll lose hard the first few games.What really marks this is that it's simplicity belies the ability to expand out the core ruleset, and I hope the developer doesn't get bored or irritated.  At the moment there's no real campaign mode and little to no sound fx, but it's a fun game and certainly worthy of the DK heritage."
,Recommended,329970,34676897,Posted: 1 September,all,HowlingMan,"I love KEEPERRL. I want to scream it from the rooftops like those Kay Diamonds' commercials from a while ago. This is such a excellent base builder with a unique twist. The dev continues to fine-tune the work and also supports wild-life charities so good deal! I keep coming back to this game and now I'm getting the hang of it, it'll take a few bases getting ruined by you being a dumbie but that's on you for sending your Keeper to get killed by animals.ay ay ay build dungeons with more torches so your minions can see better erryday"
76561198072184508,Recommended,329970,15614268,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,The_Barefoot_Bandit,"Just spawned as keeper, and begins to build into the dungeon. After that i get  a dormitory up and minions start comming and a beast layer. Then a cave bear shows up and goes attacking a red dragon. 5 seconds later everyone is dead becouse of the red dragon and my keeper is cornered into the tressure room with the dragon banging on the door.10/10 would twerk again."
76561198324849907,Recommended,329970,27978951,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Flaming_Waffles,"I love this game! Its challenging, fun, strategic and deliciously evil! I definetly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys roguelikes, strategy games and most of all, Dungeon Keeper! This game is honestly jusy an INCREDIBLY better version of dungeon keeper! Although if there was one thing i could recommend that i think would make this game perfect is Steam Workshop! Imagine people being able to submit new creatures, building stuff, enemys, ect. It would be amazing!9/10!"
,Recommended,329970,28305575,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,dbvel,"There are no other games out there like KeeperRL. The game is a unique mixture of management, levelling, crafting, constructing, exploring, adventure etc. KeeperRL is already big because of this, but its pontentiality is huge. The constant implementations of new features (and fixes, for its in alpha) and, for example, the possibility of interacting with other's players monumental dungeons turn KeeperRL into one of the most promising games I’ve found."
,Recommended,329970,30175072,Posted: 25 February,all,Der Kaiser,this game is incredibly fun and it remindes me of DUNGEONS but more refined and old schooly.
,Recommended,329970,30438244,Posted: 10 March,all,Devuno,i would buy this for twice the price it currently is. its good. early game is easy and in the late game if you didnt prepare you get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you the balance is perfect.the only current downside is mana regeneration being slow midgame and the starting controls are hard to learn.the tutorial is easy not in your face *not in your face enough when you need it the progression is good and there are a ton of hiddent mechanics that you probably wont even find until you kill the main villans. seriously i only found the portals at the end of my first playthrough.keep in mind this is no AAA title we have here so it does have some flaws.But over all amazing ♥♥♥♥ing game.
,Recommended,329970,15177845,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Nyx,I have to say the dev did a good job overhauling his game it is now filled with things to do and new monsters that add alot to the game so yes buy it and give this game the love it deservers
,Recommended,329970,16610753,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,|LLCJSBJCB|KevIsAZombie,"I first played this game when I found the open source version on Github and had to hack it to run on OSX. I was stoked to see it listed on steam today. I was ready to purchase it when It was only open sourced and not selling So I doubled down and bought it today.If you like rouge-likes, strategy or simulation games. You'll love this. Games this is similiar too. Majesty, Dungeon Keeper, Stone Soup.This game has 2 modes with a ton of content. You can play as a simulation/ strategy game as a Dungeon Keeper. Or you can play it as a traditional Rouge like and quest into the dungeon."
76561198051901944,Recommended,329970,34163030,Posted: 11 August,all,alaricdragon,"my ingame deaths: (in order from first to last)1: killed by dwarths.2: play a good game, kill most lesser faction, get attacked the first main faction that enters your attack range. deffeat the attackers, but all people but my keeper and 2 orc shamons are dead.they come back 3 mins latter with a bigger army then the first time. die3: lead the army of orcs agenst 1 bandits.get head choped off the moment you get into attack range4:attack ants with an army of dead. end up killing most of them yourself.only 3 vampiers and a zombie are still alivefind ant queanget possenddie on the turn your healing recharges.mabye one day, ill stop getting my keeper to lead my army into battle. but im not that wise.besides, what fun is there in playing safe?"
76561198064477227,Recommended,329970,26492525,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Plasmids,Very good game. I appreciate the developer's sticking with the title.
76561198336510469,Recommended,329970,28688799,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,MadMikael1,"What's good about this game...Quite a bit. It's graphics may be simple (I love them), its UI a little clunky, and a little confusing in general, but its really a fantastic game. First off, you may think its a clone or ripoff of a certain keeper game... I will say, there is definite inspiration there, and a lot of similarity, but this game is different enough to keep you interested. If you like keeper games, you will most likely find some enjoyment in this game.Ok, I'm not the greatest at reviewing... so lets put it this way. I read many reviews, and browsed the discussions before I bought this game. Most importantly, since the game is Early Access, I read the update history. Its all there, see for yourself. What do I see? Good reviews, prompt responses/solutions, and regular updates. To me, this screams potential for a game.Would I recommend this game? Yes. I am happy with the product I received for the money I paid, plus I'm excited for the next discussed update. See the news for info.What would I improve in this game? UI needs work (I think some of it is being updated next release, I may be wrong), and the game needs a tutorial (although, the discussed update will make the learning curve easier). Also I would try to add more ""mouse-only"" support, so the game can be played completely without keyboard. Also, I'd update the videos and screenshots on the steam page, the game looks and plays differently than those show. Finally, I've read the adventure mode needs work (but I've never tried it tbh).My final advice: for any game, do the same. Check the reviews. Read the long hate reviews. Browse the discussions, see how long it takes for a random problem to get a response. Also, with any Early Access game, check the update history and news...... or take my word for it... if you like keeper games, buy it.EDIT: I've got my gf hooked on this game now, and had to buy her a copy so she'd stop using my library."
,Recommended,329970,15395968,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,[SYN] Miroku,"I've been waiting for a game like this for a long time, if you're on the fence about getting it, don't be, this is a gem. To the dev, good on you! good on you..  If they made a DLC for the soundtrack I'd buy it."
,Recommended,329970,15694362,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,123,Gameplay: 8/10Graphics: 6/10Replayability: 7/10Story: 5/10Music: 3/10This is a great game! I am looking forward to the final product. :D Great adventure RPG with rougelike gameplay. Definitely worth the money
,Not Recommended,329970,34802765,Posted: 7 September,all,Jexter,"I cannot reccomend the game at the moment. It has potential, but it lacks content too much and I don't see it coming. I'm not only talking about items etc., but content in general: campaign, story, events. You can see everything it has to offer in 2-3 hours and it gets boring.Also, I'm not quite sure I like the combat system: you have to take control of one creature who leads a group and the attack vilains manually. But you have no control of other individuals in the groups, so if the enemy has archers - your group will have many many problems."
,Recommended,329970,15163827,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,[tG] _KenjiSan,"KeeperRL is probably what would happen if Dwarf Fortress and Dungeon Keeper had a baby, that was tutored by a rogue-like.I've made a list of pros and cons or rather what i like and dont like about this game, this is however an Alpha game so these may or may not apply in the future, as well, some of the issues i will be pointing out are being addressed in future builds and this review will reflect that.What i likedGraphics: they come in Ascii and Sprites, pick your flavour. I personally like Sprites, i find them very charming.The difficulty, though this does need a ton of balancing, and you can be totally screwed by the randomness.A variety of monsters and Enemies (there's around 20+ monsters at the moment in the alpha, not sure about enemies, but theres 4.5 different factions, i say .5 because ones just a different tribe but with the same species, that being human)Combat is pretty nice, let the AI handle it or take some control yourself.it's turn based, however the turns run by themselves as long as you're not controlling a minion. you can also speed up the game or slow it down as well as pause it.it's very replayable with random mapsWhat i didnt likeMost of my complaints are being addressed at some point during early access as far as i'm awareThe map is really small, which makes the game more difficult than i feel it should be. It pretty much places all the threats at your door step, thankfully those threats dont usually attack unless provoked (random enemies will come and attack from time to time)Some of the enemies that can come early game (random times enemies will raid your dungeon, and they seem to be randomly chosen) are pretty powerful, one such being dragons if you're unlucky enough, you'll most likely not survive early game if attacked unless you hide your keeper somewhere safe and pray to RNGesus the dragon cant open doorsthere is a lack of tutorial right now, so the game has a larger than needed difficulty curve because of it, however experimenting can be pretty fun! also i can understand why it's not in yet because it's alpha, the game isnt too hard to learn however some mechanics need a tutorial/explaination ASAP.There are in game hints, so you can get started and learning from the get goresources are very limited, this is due to the map size most likely, gold is super limited yet you need gold to use some of the more combat fit minions, because of upkeep (use beasts in the beginning, costs nothing to use and they can hold their own against some enemies) you can get gold from raiding factions, however right now factions are super powerful so raiding early game is not a good idea.hmmm that's about it for now, i will update as i play more. I do find it very fun to play as long as you dont mind the difficulty."
,Recommended,329970,20482139,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Chaplin Grimuldis,"First off, I've been in to dungeon crawlers, rouge likes, management games a lot lately and that being said I truly like this game! Kinda sucks paying 15$ but then again playing it for almost three hours (if not more, was offline for a while). I like a lot of what the game has to offer so far. Only thing that kinda is annoying is the map, thats the biggest thing, otherwise pretty fun game while still being an EA game."
,Recommended,329970,15152521,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Hitosura,"KeeperRL: The not-quite-Dungeon-Keeper-and-not-quite-Dwarf-Fortress gameIt's not either, but manages to blend both in a rather unique combination of the two, with a few of it's own surprises.The world you're thrown into is pretty much alive -- people and other creatures wander the days, and sleep the nights, all the while ignorant to the virus that grows in their lands.You're that virus.  A keeper whom seeks to conquer all, and raze the plains.Pros:The world is alive -- the countryside's only threat isn't just you.  Civilians have to maintain themselves, and avoid being eaten by other monsters that roam the lands.Dungeon building that's a true heir to Dungeon Keeper -- traps, rooms, micromanagement of unitsStrategy game that kicks in where you can move your units according to their stats (slow units move slower) around in a turn-based combat environment.Resource-management, and consequences of your dungeon becoming too 'lucrative' of a targetRandomly generated mapsAvatar who acts as the leader of the dungeon, whom must be protected at all costs.  Starts out as the weakest unit, but can quickly rise to strongestCons:Resource management -- gold is sparse, but most-used, especially if you want to actually keep your minions aroundUI is slightly confusing to useLack of explanations on game mechanics (minion attraction, etc.)""Black Glob"" wall that (I guess) represents the 'edge of the map,' (and you sometimes starting right by it)Pacing of the game is a little on the fast side (Depending on if you like that or not) -- if you're good, it's over before you really get into it.  Research is instant!No control over crafting mechanics -- minions make whatever they feel like.Keeper character is a rather stale unit (evil wizard! rawr!); no other options or skill tree to define your own keeperUnit pathfinding can burp (imps got lost trying to make a U-turn)Other than that, pretty solid alpha release.  Entertaining, to boot!  Looking forward to seeing how the game develops."
76561198044295682,Not Recommended,329970,23011251,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,fbryan177,"First of all, I'd like to say that this is a really fun game and there are very few games out there like this one. It's not an original idea but one that in my opinion is executed really well. Gameplay wise.However, I cannot give this game a positive review until they fix the issues plaguing multi-core cpu's or maybe simply windows 8.1 and higher machines (I have windows 10). I've looked around trying to make this game run on at least decent FPS, tried re-installing, tried changing the core allocation, tried putting it on higher priority list, disabled one of my monitors to try it on solely on smaller monitor with decreased settings, uninstalled and re-installed my nvidia graphics, switched graphics between nvidia and intel and nothing works. Leaving me to believe it's just poor opitmization on part of the developer.Personally I wouldn't like to see any features added until this is fixed, and I'm not the only one. If this does get fixed I will change my review to a positive game because like I said before it is an awesome game. Also, autosaves take about 5 minutes to go through, as does manually saving, and generating maps in single map mode takes about 10-15 minutes, generating maps in campaign mode takes about 5-10 minutes. It's ridiculous, in game FPS fluctuates between 1/1 to 6/6. Its unplayable."
76561197989698031,Recommended,329970,22819293,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Snake_Pliskin,Most interesting strategy game since Dwarf Fortress.
76561198044734602,Recommended,329970,15316682,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Divias,"My first day with the game I managed to conquer the world. I noticed when massing troops in the later part of the game it becomes slow, uncoordinated, and out of hand. There was a point where I was forced to manually send my dudes to go collect gold because the fetch item command was no longer working. In the early stages of the game I did not have this issue, but in the later it became much for the game to handle. Aside from that this game has a lot of potential and I really enjoyed it, but I do not think it is yet worth the 15$ price tag. Although it is still in alpha and I have high hopes for the future. Definantly something I will be trying out again and again.\P.S(You can find me at the very bottom of the player leaderboards! Heart4)"
76561198070985092,Recommended,329970,20968147,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,fassx,is a good game is aditing and fun but frustrating at times i was about to win then i trid to whip a pig and it deleted my game save :(
76561198092828425,Recommended,329970,33995616,Posted: 3 August,all,frostycmc,"The game is pretty good, could use more content but that will be added in time. I was expecting bugs, but was pleasantly surprised at the lack of glitches given the early access title. I think the only real criticism I have is you lose EVERYTHING on death. In other roguelikes such as Dungeonmans or Rogue Legacy you at least have a home base that keeps its upgrades after you die, so that not all your time was wasted. Then again, that is just my opinion, some may prefer it this way.I would like to suggest a creative mode of sorts where you can build your dungeon and raid without fear of reprisal. If it had that, I'd likely play it a lot more."
76561198018139228,Recommended,329970,15246130,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,aex,"I play this game earlier in ascii version. And when it came on steam, I bought it without any doubt.I became a big fan!And I hope, developer add new features that would be f***** awesome!!!"
76561198067075407,Recommended,329970,27239482,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Enchee,(most of my game-time is off-steam) This game is already (Version ALPHA 20.1) fun for tens of hours. Replayability will allow for many more hours of enjoyment. The developer is  absolutely awesome and dedicated to his game. This game is highly recommended
76561197971986943,Recommended,329970,15247970,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,p01550n,That game is VERY promising !!
76561198025581192,Recommended,329970,28108633,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Bomtaker01,"What are you doing here? The Buy Button is up there silly!But in all seriousness this game is a glorious mix of Dwarf fortress (both fortress and adventure) and dungeon keeper, it does this superbly well and im looking forward to see how far along this game will go."
76561198179310810,Recommended,329970,29435403,Posted: 22 January,all,DeathGun127,I love this game but i think it could use an in game tutorial so that newbies like me can master the basics (i got annihilated by the dwarves my first attempt). There are tutorials and things on youtube or wikis but they arnt very helpful at explaining how to play. But other than that i have no complaints keep up the awesome work :D
76561198113986867,Recommended,329970,16433697,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Poppercorn,"KeeperRL is a fun game that requires both strategy and luck. It is difficult and I have yet to beat it after 30 hours of game play, but it doesn't frustrate me to constantly die in this game. On the contrary I find this game very relaxing and play it after playing games that aggitate me to help calm down. It isn't without problems every now and again, but they don't tend to be too horrible to deal with and are fixed within a timely manner."
,Recommended,329970,18424631,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,ponyPharmacist,"Dungeon Keeper roguelike. Game quality is fine. Early access stage sure will have some work to be put in, before it is polished. But even in EA it's decent amounts of fun."
,Recommended,329970,24539517,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,tek boy Huskey,"this is a nice game, it is basic right now but it is quite fun, i can see this going quite far and becomming a very good game.my only real complaint would be the random mountain rivers, basically when i dig into a mountain and make a detailed libary room sometimes there is a giant river where i wanted to put it. i am not saying remove it but maybe just have them visable?the main ways i would say you can improve this game is to have more design/ combat depth, right now you just need to wait long enough to get a level 30 ogre with a healing amulet and you are good, i think that numbers should be an option in battle and room sizes should also improve them and matter more.another thing i found to be quite anoying is when i get like 4 goblins and 4 shamans and only 3 orcs, then when i start removing the goblins and shamans more come! meaning i cam prepetually making other minions sad by banishing them and i can hardly get combat units going.i feel like if you could set limits on how many minions you want this would help. those are my only complaints, i feel the rest of the game is quite fair and it is fun to do a quick game (quick depending on how well you do) i also find it oddly satisfying to kill things, even though it is just turning them into piles of meat it just feels satisfying to do so."
76561198084273511,Recommended,329970,34587705,Posted: 29 August,all,Tsar99,Seems like a really fun game.Hopefully it will be finished properly and not abandoned like other similarly ambitious games in the genre.
76561198205499496,Recommended,329970,20562468,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,mattguy99,the game is great with an a good learning curve. its a lot like dwarf fortress but actualy makes sense. could be better. its a little short and there is not a huge amount of stuff you can do but its pretty fun to play.
76561197970613608,Recommended,329970,15706827,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Magnatude,"Well, its functional and works for the mostpart.And yes its kind of like Dungeon Keeper with 2D sprites.After a few play-throughs (to death of my Keeper that is)It's a lot more open than the original DK, and its tough.I do hope its becomes larger in scope... even multi-level would be so awesome.I wrooting for this one to become bigger than what is presented.It's fun, and chalanging... we will see how much replayability when its done."
76561198026912876,Recommended,329970,17638329,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Ripfin,It is much more then i expected. great smooth game for early access
76561198167414555,Recommended,329970,17022808,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,navacamal,"Haven't beaten it once i still love it you know the develeper did something right when that happensThe main goal of the game is to conquer the world or the square land you are given to conquer. The 5 resources are gold, wood, iron, granite/stone, and mana. The first 3 are used for building main buildings. They are Wood, Iron, and Granite, Wood is the most common. Gold is used for building structures to expand your maxium population, it can be found in chests, on people, or in your mountian. Mana is used for summoning imps, your workers, studying, and building certan rooms.  There are about 15 types of enemies, the most annoying are the tree spirits which come from trees. They will stop wood production by killing imps until you can get a good minion to kill them or until you get attacked by units that can kill them. Tree spirits most commonly spawn with 35 attack and 25 defense and they are at lv 15-20 and they can fly which means they can easily move over all water. Then their are the usual assulters or weaklings. They range from 10 attack to 30 attack and 5 defence to 30 defence. The attackers are from weakest to strongest: bandits, lizardmen and dwarves(they are together because i cannot diside which is strongest as lizardmen posion but are weaker than dwarves but the posion factor makes them almost equal) , and humans. The lords are who you must kill to stop invasion and make all of their minions be depressed which means they will surrender more often. Prisoners is when enemies surrender and are sent to a prison if you have one, they can be tortered or exucuted, tortering gives mana, and exucuting prisoners gives prisoner heads which makes invaders mad. Then their are the strong agressors which are cyclopes and dragons. They attack rarely but are very powerful. The good thing is that the strong agressors dont want to kill your keeper but they want to kill anyone including your keeper and invaders. Invaders drop gold and equipment for your minions. Equipment can be make in  the manufatories and they are oppurated by orges, goblins, or orcs, goblins. Goblins should be the ones working in the manufatories. There are many more things to discover in KeeperRl (KeeperRl maps are all randomly generated so no map is the same, also always dig around question marks or else you could be in trouble) Note that cyclopes and dragons only go for loot or kills or gold also that the lords are very strong unless you have very op units or something else that can kill them quickly. In addition, there are now dungeons and towns that will add some more to your playtime, such as harpy towns or dungeons with several types of monsters living in a ""hole"""
76561198045407346,Recommended,329970,32492184,Posted: 16 June,all,CodeRen,"Good game, needs more stuff. Great so far!"
,Recommended,329970,15178115,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,SouthFresh,"I loved the game that inspired this, and it turns out that this is even better than that!It's still in dev, so there are some things that could be improved, but the overall play is a lot of fun.  I truly feel that this game already exceeds my expectations. Love it!"
76561198135778694,Recommended,329970,24537854,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Grieve-tanRoss,"Now to properly describe this game is hard. No you might be thinking ""Hellstorm you slack♥♥♥♥♥♥it's a rouge like game where you build an evil lair"". That is true, but I think it's much more than that. And now you're thinking ""Well explain you muck eating ♥♥♥♥♥ of an irish boy"", but here's the problem...I can't, as I can not english very much. Storys are my...bread on butter? Any way. Here is my time in KeeperRLI spawned and got killed by Lizardmen. Ok. Nice start.2nd time was longer and got be somewhere, but was mostly boring as no one attacked me.My 3rd time was....interesting.I spawn in the new campaign world ready to sack and pillage this pathetic valley. So thing go as normal with building out the of lair and library stuff. I get a forge and worshop, and a training area, etc...I got a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of Orks and Goblins. I then aquired something I never really get. An Ork Shaman. His name is Shamrok leader of my army of green...nes....I leveled him up pretty far (17) he had all the spells my Keeper had (Master Level Sorcery). All was fine and dandy until I sent my Ghost to scout the Lizardmen Tribe....I possessed the Tribe Leader confident the other Lizardmen would kill him. No the oppisite happend I went back there with another Ghost moments after the find the Tirbe Leader which I named Ug ug, surrounded by corpses of his kin (there was like 6-8 corpses). He was wounded however as he had lost an arm and was bleeding so I left him to his fate to bleed out and die. Fate had differing plans however as not only he survived the ""attack"" he grew stronger...somehow...And after a few days...he attacked me with a HUGE ♥♥♥♥in' army. I lost alot in that battle including my strongest Warrior and Orge named Sterling (got his ♥♥♥♥ing head chopped off). After a long and bloody battle we sent the army running to the hills. And 3 Lizardmen even became Prisoners (they became human...for some reason...) and that extra boost to Mana income was pretty nice because round the clock torture...empowers you?Then came a time of ""peace"" with the Lizardmen as another Keeper known as the ""Beastlord"" had been annoying me for far too long. That war was short and onesided as my onslaught of Orks and Daemons destoryed everything they threw at us. There was a notible thing that did happen at this time however as I had spawned a Doppleganger named ""Cooper"".HE ATE MY ORCS AND A HARPY.Now the tides of war swell bigger than ever before. It had been 3 weeks (ingame) since the Lizardmen shizz. I send my grand army lead by Shamrok. When I got the the village...they had SO ♥♥♥♥ING MANY LIZARDS. My creature proved to strong...until the Tribe Leader Ug ug can to front lines AND BUTCHERED MY FORCES. He was weaving and dodging, taking hits like nothing. I sent Shamrok to smoke this ♥♥♥♥er. HE KILLS SHAMROK BY CUTING OFF HIS HEAD.But Shamrok did manage towound the Lizardman even further. As he used word of power. And blew off the Tibe Leaders other arm! Their army began to route and I butchered them like dogs and took their spoil. I built a great throne room in honor of my victory. I then get invaded by Elementals and die.Such is life in KeeperRL.As the writing of this the Adventure Mode just came out. Now of you exuse me. I have some monsters to kill.9/10"
,Recommended,329970,21248016,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,theTrav,"Great little game.Not overly faithful to the original series, however I think it's done really well with its mechanic.  Reminds me a bit of majesty in some ways.Recommend for a relatively short experience"
76561198084486245,Recommended,329970,30406232,Posted: 9 March,all,brethil,Great Game! Keep up the good work! :)
,Recommended,329970,20982187,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Al Cheddah,"This game should get way more love than it has, IMHO. I mean , come on! It's a dungeon-crawler/management game rolled into one! PLUS you get to play as the Main Villain! Who doesn't like that? I hope the devs are still working on this as it's a good idea that should continue to see more expansion!"
,Recommended,329970,19983735,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Hawthorn,"This is one of the best ALPHA (it is still alpha, lots of stuff that should be added) games I have bought. I have been havign a lot of fun, but its missing the polish.One issue is I bought version 17 .. where he just made some big changes. So Youtube videos don't help as much as they did last month.Issue 17 has some controversy with the features .. that will be ironed out in a couple months after people play and get over the shock.I have had lots of fun .. finished one random Keeper game and just started playing as adventurure .. pretty cool."
76561198123276896,Recommended,329970,19971699,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,FlyOnTheWall,"I like it all, and no glitches at all!--First time--Oh, cool i got some little goblin thi- wait am i the bad guy?--2 hours later--MUAHAHAHA DESTROY DESTRYOY!"
,Recommended,329970,22872282,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Farshad,"Edit:  So... there is this not-so-obvious thing that completely changes the game around, and that is a link on each individual dungeon creature's popup window called Change Order.  That turned the game from frustration of hours wasted and never winning, to actually a great game.Now I think this is one of the greatest games ever build (your vampires fly!!??  and die if they go out in the sun!?? Attention to details, and so mauch of it, is incredible!!)I do think it has replayability issue.  Perhaps a mode where you continue to build up and hordes of monsters keep coming at you would be a good addon?  Sort of like Terraria, there could be bosses that drop great weapons, waves of creatures that come every x hours and slowly get stronger?  I don't think it would be horribley much coding to add that as one of the modes?------------Original Review: ------------I'm a veteran strategy, RPG, and survival-type gamer.  I love the depth of this game, the dynamics and how there are so many different types of monsters and allies.I however can not take on a single attack or defense wave.  There are always enemies that are level 20-35 that single hit my level 5-15 allies.My Keeper never levels or uses the training the room.  If I take him out, he dies, if I keep him in, he stays at level 5.So the game is the same every time, I build up my dungeon, finally go and try to explore and lose all my army by single enemy somewhere, or the enemies attack my dungeon and wipe everything while I can at most kill one or two things.  Even after hours of playing and a huge dungeon."
,Recommended,329970,34606925,Posted: 30 August,all,Hitosu,Dungeon Keeper + Rogue-like. What can be better?
,Recommended,329970,26762328,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dr Quin Magna,"Such a terrifcally fun game only getting better and better with each update. Don't hesitate to try it, But I warn you! You may find yourself....at 4AM still playing it.Gameplay 8/10Mechanics 9/10 ""it just works""Graphics, Being someone who enjoys simple graphics 10/10 and with the recently added ASCii style graphics 100/10Overall 10/10 would bang again."
76561197998033010,Recommended,329970,30460261,Posted: 11 March,all,daniel_mic,"Cool little game.  Took about 10 hours to figure out how to beat the dungeon part, which is enough for me.  The perma-death thing is kind of frustrating, and it's a tad 'grindy', but all-in-all, solid.I'll give it a go again in a few months."
76561198130997438,Recommended,329970,33453458,Posted: 11 July,all,sirpingouin,"This is a very very very very very very very very (...) very good game. It's quite easy to understand the bases thanks to the tutorial, and it's very well done. Hard to think it's only in early access. It's not too expansive and it's worth every penny you put in it."
76561198028271608,Recommended,329970,22329791,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,A Pound of Life,"So....If your looking at this game and you are interested, keep an eye on it, it needs more content.-once you get to defeat one village, you have the power to probable defeat them all-they have animate sprite, or character things, that apear to only be used when your controlled character is higher then when you use a certan drug that I will not name, and I've have not, nor will, use that drug-random map genaration, same map features, basically you still have the same towns, houses, and caves. like the same design of them.This game NEEDS  (in my opinion) to use more animation sprits that they have, it also needs to have a way to recuit humans, like evil humans, and also it needs a difficulty mode. like picking what you could or will encounter in the map.WARNING: this game has torture, witch is optional to use. it also has wear a female demon will copulate with a huminoid, like an orc, so they can make a baby. It also has child death and murder. Soooo yeah, it gets pretty dark.I'll probable update this when the game is updated, if I feel like it."
76561198033132301,Recommended,329970,34412972,Posted: 22 August,all,EckyThump,An exceptional little dungeon management game with adventure mode so you can raid other players creations. Much more rewarding to play than it's apparent simpliciy suggests.
,Recommended,329970,17191290,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Herzer1234,Awesome game i just wish there was more sound than just music playing.
76561198052522945,Recommended,329970,18944243,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Yensy,great little game came thinking it was going to be small and simple what i got was a small but complex game that i spent like 3 hours playing when it felt like it was only 1/2 of one.The basics are simple to grasp and perfectly applicable but it does need to to tell you that shift can help you make rooms sooner but other then that i cant see much that i wouldnt recommend to someone other then it being a bit short and not having a good way to recruit spicific creatures but thats all i have for negitives
76561198051228032,Recommended,329970,15569636,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Primordial Iblis,"Keeper OP. So far very fun, very addictive but for now one must be creative in ways to play to retain replayability :) I'm sure it'll be fixed eventually.Seriously its sooo fun >_<"
76561198150617544,Not Recommended,329970,20299129,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Cashews,"I know this is early access, but it is barely playable. It crashes every hour or two and constantly deletes save files. Quitting the game sometimes delete save files, crashing sometimes deletes save files. I really liked this game at first :/"
,Recommended,329970,19129156,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Sanktaii_SWE,"Was building for a while, had a great army.Missed a cyclop.Game over11/10, played again"
76561198236200536,Recommended,329970,25828086,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Uncle Miguel,"KeeperRL is a VERY fun game which im very happy to own. its a great game, its very fun, but can be very hard to figure out, and can be very aggravating sometimes. there are some buildings i'd like to see added into a future update (devs if your reading this, please think about this) those of which are a tavern (to raise your minions morale and trade ale to your allies) and really thats all i can think about (sorry)"
76561198107608898,Recommended,329970,16825298,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Harambe,game of the year 2015
76561198033000978,Recommended,329970,22047059,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Restello,"Its a nice game, although it has a huge ammount of bugs.A big fight, it crashes,to much action, it crashes,you sneeze, it crashes..Never the less the game is fun."
,Recommended,329970,21939947,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,XzloRe,"""Love it love it LOVE IT""thats all folks i just want more contend for this game bigger maps more details and CHEEEE JUST♥♥♥♥♥♥♥AWESOME GAME 10/10"
76561198093604884,Recommended,329970,17167273,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Azrael_is,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198010164992,Recommended,329970,17073124,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Joe,"Very fun game and easy to learn, compared to other games in the genre. Definately worth a full price buy!"
,Recommended,329970,15314180,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Spear Deer,"This game has huge potential. As many others have said its a clever mix of Dwarfort and Dungeon Keeper. One of this game's major strengths (and one of its drawbacks to be fair) is that it handles much of the micromanagment for you. You build a workshop, and your minions automatically start pumping our equipment, and your units automatically trade up. You build a beast lair, and monster automatically start joining your ranks. This is great because it allows the really interesting emergent behaviors you see in Dwarfort without the insane barrier to entry. On the other hand however, as a player it feels like you dont have as much control over your situation.The trap management is fun, and a lot of this game is interesting, but I think it needs a lot of work still. It speaks volumes about the balance of various systems when my only consistantly winning strategy has involved just digging out a huge room just inside the mountain, putting literally everything in that huge room, completely ignoring traps, and just rushing the facilities that enable you to spawn the strongest units."
,Recommended,329970,15442954,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,reneberwanger,"This game worth only U$ 2,00. Its fun, but can´t be same price as others betters."
76561198195726357,Recommended,329970,30351511,Posted: 5 March,all,thenewcreep,"I must say the game is absolutely phenomenal for early access, in many areas at least. Though the ""Adventurer"" mode seems fairly simplistic at the moment and early game as the wizard can be uneventful the game has lots of promise. The main thing i've seen at least through my playthroughs of the game is that early game could be more interesting (Possibly add an ""Innocents"" Village to the starting area where you build your dungeon) as well as actually having more frequent ""raids"" of your dungeon. I've played through and completed 5 maps and only was raided once by an ogre when i barely spawned in. Did not end well. Also traps seem less than important at least for me because of the lack of raids, but for early access im sure things will be added and adjusted for optimal entertainment!"
76561198120948024,Recommended,329970,19919554,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,[NCE] ThePandaMan,"I LOVE this game.HOWEVER, you should read the rest of my review. I do love this game, but it does jack things that could make it extraordinary. Thereplay value needs improving i got burned out after playing thru about 4 or 5 times. It needs faction buffs the raids are just too small to effect your dungeon significantly once you are established. It needs better generation, while the random seeded generation is good, you will end up without a certain resource on occasion that or you will be digging random mazes throught the mountain getting to the ore veins. the games progresses to fast, when you start out it goes at normal speed then all the sudden the progression feels like it gets throttle extremly easily , then before you know it you have researched everything but humanoid and beast mutation and you are just trying to find a way to make the game last longer.One way the game could be improved greatly would be with Steam Workshop support.This could up the replay value by a MILE (or 1.609344 Kilometers for those of you not from the US) thus greatly improving the game.Overall rate 7.5/10PLEASE NOTE: This game is still in early access(EXTREMEly early alpha from what i can tell) This game IS most CERTAINLY going to be a TREMENDOUSLY AMAZING game when it is fully released. I hope this review can help those of you checking the game out and if the dev(s) read(s) this I hope you keep doing GOOD WORK and I sincerely hope this review can help you iron out some things."
76561198010892916,Recommended,329970,29044884,Posted: 5 January,all,Soldier,"Game is pretty good. You can read the pros and cons list for a quick summary or read my whole review. So this game is good, especially for an early access game. It has a great concept, pixel art is good, and gameplay is fun and feels rewarding! There are some issues that stick out quite a bit though. The controls are lackluster and unorthadox, they also aren't very well displayed in the game. For instance, in order to shoot a bow you must hold alt, and then use the arrow keys to shoot. This means that the game does not allow you to shoot diagonally even though you can throw items diagonally. Which is a bit frustrating. Player UI also needs a big upgrade. It's a bit unclear how to take control of a creature, and once I figured out how to I wasn't sure how to let go control. You get the gist. However, once I had figured out the controls and the UI of the game it became a blast!Here's a pros and cons list! Keep in mind that this game is in early access!Pros:Great ConceptGood Pixel ArtGreat GameplayYOU ARE EVIL AF!Cons:Lackluster UIUnorthodox and Unclear ControlsOverall rating: 7/10"
,Recommended,329970,35000797,Posted: 16 September,all,TKR101010,Fun game. I like that it is playable in ascii. :)
,Not Recommended,329970,24625317,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Freesider,"I really liked the idea of this genre mixing, but after playing less than 2 hours I thought I had done everything.I love base building games, and sometimes enjoy dungeon crawlers, but this game is none of these. There is no customization at all, no different maps to choose from. Everything is always just random with no settings.I went to wikis and guides and confirmed that the game has no content. Pretty much every other Early Access game around here has much more stuff to do than this game, unfortunatelly.You are supposed to build a fort but the game lacks even the basics of a base-building game like walls, furniture, food production, and general management of resources. There is no way of commanding your troops by selecting them and giving orders. You have to control a team that pretty much does nothing while your commander is being attacked. The combat is pretty much the worst I have seen in any strategy game.As for the adventure mode, it is simply the ""Control minion"" mechanic. There is none of the common dungeon-crawler mechanics or commands. No interactions with NPCs, no shops, etc.In the end the game tried to mash 2 genres together but failed to be even half of one of those. Maybe future development will change this, but I really doubt it."
76561198107050893,Recommended,329970,21718846,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,wsbell13,you should add a creative mode were you have infininte ores and gold and can add god mode to your keeper and infininte mana
,Recommended,329970,21610355,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Bananatee,This is a great game. It is a must have!
,Recommended,329970,34179116,Posted: 11 August,all,Mikaelssen,yes
,Recommended,329970,22866237,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Admiral Ballak,Fun great depth succubuses must copulate....
,Recommended,329970,17034103,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Kezov,This game is really fun once you learn how to play and it has a fantastic developer working on it. Im very excited to see where this goes
76561198032041369,Recommended,329970,29303645,Posted: 16 January,all,DiiS x Kamikaze,"This Game Looked kinda trash tbh but once I bought it, it really suprised me on how it played and it was pretty fun"
,Recommended,329970,28951293,Posted: 2 January,all,Demon,Very good modern dungeon keeper replacement.  I hope it can come out of EA a full fledged game.
76561198185290447,Recommended,329970,29149868,Posted: 9 January,all,...Loading,This is a great game. It's dwarf fortress but this time you are the bad guy. for right now I give it a 7/10.
,Recommended,329970,18942824,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Voelkar,"~RP Review~{PRO / CONTRA tl;dr version below!}My village was allways... special. Special towards the unknown. They burned everything which is not right in their eyes. Imps, Doppleganger, Orcs. It doesn't matter. It's all the same for them. And then, one day, as it had to be, I turned. I don't know why, but I had allways dreams of the ""unknown"". Ofcourse I was too afraid to tell my family, my village. I don't want to end up in a fire where my soul burns for my ""sins"". So I fled. I decided to hide in the mountains where noone can see me. I also found a few new friends on my journey. They were Imps. My family was allways so wrong. They are just some harmless creatures (If you can stand the smell ofcourse). I told them who I am and why I am not with my kind anymore. For some reason they believed me. A few days later we made it to the foot of the mountain. Till then my ""power"" grew. The imps weren't friends anymore. They obey me now. There was some nice experiment I made with it. I told one Imp to scratch his arm until I say stop. Sadly I fell asleep because it was allready dark. He scraped with his sharp claws down to his skull and... beyond. It was a huge mess. Maybe that was the point where I changed. Ofcourse not just because of that, but also because of my family. I had to leave or I will die. Now someone else died because of me. Whatsoever we made it to the mountain. For some reason Imps allways have enough equipment with them to dig in dirt or rocks. So I made 'em dig. We build up our own basement, my power grew and grew and it lured more creatures to me. Willing to obey me.A few months later we found some dwarfs in the deep belly of the mountain. They noticed that we aren't normal anymore. We are, by far, not these creatures that we used to be. Our skin is.. white, because of the darkness in the inner of the cold rock. Our eyes, pitch black. The Darkness itself, took controll of our bodies.We. Are. Death.Noone can stand in our way.A werewolf took one of the dwarfs and broke his neck with a simple strike. Meanwhile two other tried to overpower a doppleganger. Fools. They vanished as soon as the creature looked at them. There were about 14 of them in this cave. Now you can't tell anymore. The whole room is splattered with blood and flesh. I stand above the last of them who is asking for mercy. No mercy for them. Not for those who would killourkind. I rammed my sword into his throat. I can hear his death rattle. Blood flows into his throat and he suffocates on his own fluid. We gather everything together what we find. Weapons, armor, bows. We need them. Tomorrow is the big day. Revenge. Finally..I have lived long enough in this cold dungeon.Time to greet my old blood.We started in the middle of the night, I spoke a spell on a raven, so he can scout the landscape for us. A few hours later we made it to the village. I can see the houses. The graveyards. The wheat field. Everything looks so familiar. And then I see it. A big black cross. It still glows a little bit from its last feast. This is why I came back.Now its time for them to burn for their sins.tl;dr: Freaking get it.{PRO}~ Excellent music~ Excellent turn-based fighting system~ ""Open World"" (It's still limited)~ 16 Spells to master~ Top down look with some really great oldschool graphics (I know hwo that sounds, Sometimes I am also a graphic ♥♥♥♥♥ but this looks actually great for that kind of game!)~ Take controll of one of your minions:- haunt a village as a werewolf:- take the corpses rom kids as a vampire in MJ-Style!... Ok sorry for that. That was stupid...~ You can be the evil:- Raid villages:- Make your own dungeon:- Build your army of the evil (Werewolfs, vampires, orcs and much more!):- Torture prisoners (Like, for real):- Enslave a whole village~ Trade with dwarfs (Yes I killed them but I am evil >:))~ Get lost for hours!~ Enslave the whole map!~ Burn down forests!~ Burn down wheat fields!~ Burn down your old blood!...~ You can also play as a hero.. meh{CONTRA}~ Clunky performence~ Early Acces (?):-> Just adding this here because some people think EA is a bad thing (But tbh it's not)~ Bugs occure for sure~ Rogue-Like (?):-> Thats actually a good thing, but you get frustrated when they kill you in your dungeon )::-> But then again, REVENGE!~ You can play as the good old hero. What a ♥♥♥♥♥..Make sure to act like a grammarn.zi so I can change it to a better form. Also some nice comments would be nice :S"
,Recommended,329970,26058759,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,[CSGC] Turok,Turned based Dungeon Keeper: What more can you want
76561198069991704,Recommended,329970,17489984,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,The Safari Man,deleted ritual roomdidn't know how doppelgangers worksingle doppelganger absorbed entire fortressleft with keeper 10 imps and 1 doppelganger10 outa 10 would doppel again
76561198174622385,Recommended,329970,17424952,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,CommonLogic,Builds dungeon sees huge space whithout ores where libiary supposed to be late to put the libiary to another spacea dungeon with a huge lake that ruined everything
,Not Recommended,329970,27450321,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SpoofyChop,This game just didn't grab me at all. It's a nice concept but I was bored within about an hour. It really just lacks the depth that kept me playing Gnomoria and other Roguelike builder games for dozens or hundreds of hours.
76561198091877295,Recommended,329970,29344597,Posted: 18 January,all,ybindert,great game
76561198080373626,Recommended,329970,24901937,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Vladimir Lenin,lots of fun
76561198116866397,Not Recommended,329970,15149121,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,edmek55555,"This game could be great however a few things just really ruin it at the moment.1. probably the biggest issue, gold. It is a finite resource yet you need it to keep your army. It kind of ruins the game. You aren't a dungeon keeper, you are just some guy who hires mercenaries. Plus, if you have long games, you are screwed because gold is a limited resource.2. my minions absolutely refuse to work on traps. I think you should be able to designate what your minions actually do at the work bench. I wanna play defensively but it is entirely impossible atm.3. It takes entirely too long to get minions. You can make extremely large rooms and still attract almost no minions at all. Pure rng4. Crashes5. Many aspects of the game are random, which is fine but they need balance. Workshops produce random weapons you may not ever use while you have traps planned out but they don't get made. You may also get a ton of useless minions while not getting any that are combat capable.6. Balance. Training doesn't help your grunt minions enough to even be semi reliable, they just waste space. The enemy units are much too strong for most units. There are only 3 that do anything right now, the vampire, the legendary beast, and the legendary humanoid. Anything else right now is entirely useless in an actual battle.7. I beat the game in 2 hours. It certainly has tons of replayability and is meant to be played several times, but 2 hours is pretty short for a whole playthrough. An endless mode would be an unbelievable addition to the game.The idea of this game is great, however execution is poor at best. I hope there are some changes so this game can reach its full potential.4/10 atm, may change at some point. Don't get me wrong, i enjoy the game but it just has too many problems going on right now for me to be able to recommend it. Keep an eye on it though for sure."
76561198041614514,Not Recommended,329970,15219269,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Eat Shrimp,"TL;DR: I like hard-hard, not impossible to actually progress anywhere in the game-hard.Its a great game. It has a lot of potential. It's also one of the most frustrating games ive played, and not in a good way.*Right now* I wouldn't recommend this game to most people.I like to play the game mode keeper. Unfortunately, the random events are very unbalanced in the beginning. This makes it impossible to get to any late game, because I get killed by some level 30+ monster when all my minions are level 10.I find it very frustrating to play. I've done the initial dungeon set up about 20 times now.I hope the devs see these complaints and adjust the game accordingly."
76561198004776342,Not Recommended,329970,15268079,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,tampanensis,"Kind of Ok  game with some dungeon keeper and other sim dungeon/village elements. but needs much more elements and replayability which i miss now. after you conquer the map it gets boring since there is not much to do except get one more random crated map. it has lots of potentials but for the current state i wouldnt recommend it.each map lasts few hrs or less depending on your style and it has permanent death which is kind of challenging sometimes.Developer is working on the game and it gets quite frequent updates. but as i said unless you have a big craving for a dungeon master type games , just wait a little to see whats gonna come out."
,Not Recommended,329970,24570279,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,TrueWOPR,"5 months later update:when I invested 5 months ago, I was reading multiple positive reviews about how great it was, how half-dwarf-fortress/half-dungeon-keeper it was *in its current state* and how it was getting monthly updates.Well, 5 months ago it was in Alpha19.5 months later? Alpha 20.1What did we gain in almost half a year of develpment?A new resource tier (steel), the ability to reinforce walls, and bug fixes.That's really not saying much if you ask me.Please note: I am not shaming the developers, I am not telling them to quit.I am simply posting, for everyone who knows me and otherwise to see, that I personally do not think the game in its current state and development speed, is worth $15. This is not Castle Crashers ($15) or Terraria ($10) levels of quality, this is something I would expect to be freeware or $1-$3 on XBLA until further completion - judging by its current quality.So I'm sorry people in the comments the question to ""Hey TrueWOPR, CAN YOU RECOMMEND THIS GAME?!"" is still a solid ""No.  Not until it gets some big improvements.""Original review:It's good, and I'd love to reccommend it.But it's not finished, is still a little buggy, and lacks proper instructions.But I will HAPPILY change my review after a few more patches. :)"
,Not Recommended,329970,22483927,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Tlim,"It looks like the game has a lot of potential, but as it is now I can't recommend it. It drops you right into the game with no direction (granted, for some games like that this is part of the appeal). The interface is terrible with elements covering each other up and no way to adjust it."
,Not Recommended,329970,22848357,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Sam,"The game itself is unfinished but concept is great. Really like the graphics and complexity, animations are not implemented yet. BUT it's so long in development and still it crashes, on mac. It crashes on windows. Problems are known but not fixed within month.. new features were added but bugs still exists and are not going to be fixed. For me it is not playable on my macbook 2015 and on my dell 2016.So if you like a buggy game that may be stable in a year... or not, buy it. But if you want a game that is playable at some point: don't buy it. The developer really have to focus on fixing bugs, also most are crashing the game and freezing the system on windows. On mac you just get an error message. Until this isn't fixed, my rating is: no."
76561198147781201,Recommended,329970,30704747,Posted: 24 March,all,Nathan the Legionare,"Very fun game, indeed!"
,Not Recommended,329970,15254544,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Syncope,"Very much a work in progress, potential is there, but i imagine itll get a little limelight, sales will fall once everyones forgotten about it an then theyll drop production."
,Not Recommended,329970,15153710,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,badnesso,"No difficulty settings, very hardRoguelike=permadeathNeed gold for minions so escentially its a hire mercenary gameGold runs outMy minions always seem to be underleveled but that may just be meyour main character is the weakest character in game but he can level if he dosent get 1 hitmost everything gets one hit especially annoying when fighting ranged unitstraps for defense are weak/ineffectiveItems have random stats iron sword could be +6, +8 attack its random to a degreesound stops sometimesmap isnt all that bigWill be worth it when you can generate gold by selling crafted items or gold cost is removed on units, makes no sense why monsters would want gold anyways"
,Recommended,329970,26187488,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,tyler21,I love this game.
76561198180772127,Not Recommended,329970,29001325,Posted: 4 January,all,zysron,"i would like to review this game in its fullest, but a lack of a basic control guide in game or online makes me feel like an infant mashing keys just to see the results!i have foundmovementzoom in/outhow to take command on the keeper(not how to switch to anything else)killed some villagers cows and pigs... then ran accross a hydra and got killed.i wil keep watch on this game hoping to find a few thingsbasic controlslvl indicatorsoh and basic controls!!!"
76561198271643852,Recommended,329970,30987874,Posted: 6 April,all,Amaze,real gud
,Not Recommended,329970,28594477,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Microsoft Excel,Still too much work to be done. Cannot recommend it for now
76561198062769670,Not Recommended,329970,25184514,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Vamprog,"This game is brutally unforgiving and extremely difficult to learn. Resources seem more scarce than they should be, the combat is awkward and requires your direct control, and it's tough to make any progress. So yeah, the game is too hard for me."
76561198056067073,Not Recommended,329970,26168163,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,HARDCORE Lenny,the major enemies need to be nerfed
76561198030746271,Recommended,329970,31947140,Posted: 25 May,all,Tegga21,fggjfghjfgj
,Not Recommended,329970,32379825,Posted: 12 June,all,cold pressed covfefe,zero depthshould be a flash gamemaybe 10 or so total in game conceptsprobably 10 or so in game mobs
,Not Recommended,329970,24647392,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,The Greg Machine,Tiny Dungeon Simulator 2016
76561198052965887,Recommended,329970,15645906,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,molanater,One very great game I can't wait to see what happens next on an update.
,Recommended,329970,15327478,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,TheSllenderman,"This game puches you in the throat. Then while you are down kicks you in the genitals. Walks away tricking you into a false sense of security, then runs a stampede of elephants over you. I think I'm in love."
76561198038636766,Recommended,329970,15369785,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,demipreditheos,This is a good game. But it doesn't have much of manual. Maybe I missed the manual somehow and it does exist. What I learned is that it is quite difficult. I didn't know that things such as the forge attracts workers to build with it. A lot of the buildings are automatic and you don't need to maintain them.
,Recommended,329970,15324686,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,ReseauDieu,"This is a fantastic start for an early access game.  Brings back such wonderful memories of early games in the genre.  Plays well with no technical difficulties thus far, and very fun and addictive.  Can't wait to see where the developer takes it."
76561198037904476,Recommended,329970,15270449,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,giteno,an amazing dungeon keeper /rouge like it what iv allways wanted! :D
,Recommended,329970,15279322,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,tasty ladybug,"Fun time waster, if you like wasting time."
,Recommended,329970,15293711,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,\\ Mr. Krake,Even though it is early access I am totally hooked on this game.The game mechanics are pretty simple yet challenging.I am looking forward to see new content and as it seems at the moment there is much more to come.10 Imps out of 10!
,Recommended,329970,15616015,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Just1RandomGuy-DLR,"A solid experience and very fun even casually.I do however wish that a way to refill diggings was possible, as long as they don't block the dungeon's entrance."
76561197963852846,Recommended,329970,20719525,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Finger,"Fun and quite violent little game, you can kill woman and children in there sleep for extra mana or just for the fun of it! Kill all there livestock torment the men you capture...it's pretty fun, all I can say.Well, shortly after this review the game quit working and will no longer load. I have not heard a peep from the developers and it has been 3 days so I can not recomend the game at this time.reinstalled and works fine now. So I do recomend, it was an early access review so..."
76561198086749002,Recommended,329970,30224781,Posted: 27 February,all,Stolas,"Very Nice, clearly not finished.The game is rather ambitious and if the dev(s) pull it off I would be really happy.Howver, current state the controls are wonky and there is not that much to do.Same feeling I get when I play prison architect.Really recommended for now!"
,Recommended,329970,28833964,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,ToXeye,"Like dwarf fortress, dungeon keeper, and the odd roguelike such as nethack, angband, (and more).This does not have the most obvious balance between things, and so it lends a lot of things to discover. Instead of forcing the player to go down a written path, the player can choose where to begin his quest for ""glory"".There's the two game modes: ""keeper"" and ""adventurer"". Adventurer is a bit more like an ordinary roguelike so if you like that rather than the typical dungeon keeper mechanisms (digging rooms and building necessities) then there is that for you.New players need to be warned that even though it's supposed to be a bit like dungeon keeper, the saves for this game are save-on-quit. This means that you can't savescum your way out. This is usually a feature of roguelikes, that you must start anew each time you lose (your keeper or your adventurer, in this game).As a bottom line I would like to remind the new player that the game is being improved as it is yet just an early access game.*addition 2017 02 17*If roguelike doesn't ring a bell, or dwarf fortress seems too nerdy: This is basically a kind of pen and paper game, a basic adaptation of it. The result is a lot of weird definitions, due to data structure limitations and time constraints. They say that roguelikes are a dime a dozen. This game is no different. What is so good about it then? I can't say. It is just that I like nethack, dwarf fortress and dungeon keeper, and this game had elements from all three of those."
