user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,330390,17697158,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Only Egyptian God Can Judge Me,"Quality port of the classic Dreamcast JRPG+ Least buggy port of the game ever (Apparently a re-port of the Dreamcast version)+ Quality JRPG story+ Great boss fights+ Simple but deep level up system for your characters, spells and passive abalities+ In my opion the best turn-based fighting system in a JRPG ever+ Optional harder difficulty option (Monsters: + ACT, + HP, + DEF (some) & bosses: + ACT, + HP, + DEF, + ATK, changed vulnerabilities)+ Great windowed mode (drag resizing works)+ Japanese audio is now an option+ Gamepad support+ MSAA+ Textures look way better than I remember+ It only took 20 minutes for the developers to realise they only uploaded half the files to the steam servers- No widescreen, the game pillarboxes when playing fullscreen with a widescreen resolution- Oversight / bug that can cause the camera to spin constantly, might be fixed, see guides on the community hubtl;dr good port, good game"
,Recommended,330390,17696898,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,MelficeOne,"I never thought I'd see this day coming...Grandia 2 is backI played the old PC Port of this when I was in Middle School... 4 times, I belive. And I loved every second of itthe game had a wonderfully crafted story, awesome characters, a battle system that until now is one of the, if not THE best Real Time/Turn based hybrid system I have seen and a Soundtrack to die for. I do believe, this is where I started embracing game OSTs, too.now, the old PC version had its share of bugs. a few only immersion breaking, a few only mildly annoying and one game breaking. But since this is based on the ol' Dreamcast version, those should have been dealt with.the only thing missing right now is the Game Arts Jingle at the Start, that always brought a smile to my face in anticipation of whats to come.I'd say if you are a fan of old-school RPGs, and you are up for some wholesome fun, get this."
,Recommended,330390,17698216,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Vaizard27,"Short Version:If you played oldschool JRPGs but never played Grandia II, get this game!If you like RPGs and look for an interesting turnbased/realtime combat-system mix, get this game!In my opinion, this is one of the best JRPGs ever made, with quite certainly the best combat system.Longer Version:My gametime doesn't tell, but I played through this game multiple times when it was originally released, so bear with me.Pros:Awesome Storytelling:There are multiple voiced dialogues and this version actually comes with the original Japanese voices, a great plus for me who only knew the sometimes a bit wooden english voiceovers.The story itself is pretty awesome and told in some kind of episodic format with the characters on your team rotating throughout the story, you get to know these characters not only through simple cutscenes, but, what for me at the time was mindblowing, through conversations around the campfire when they are resting. Yes there are multiple games that use this mechanic, but for me Grandia was the first I ever experienced, so it made the whole thing even more enjoyable.The Characters:While all of them are to a certain part classic JRPG tropes like the damsel in distress, the revenge driven clanleader, and the grumpy sellsword, each of them has facettes to their character you would probably not expect on the first glace. Each character has an interesting backstory and evolves a lot during the remainder of the game.The combat system:Ohh boy, where do I start. This system is in my opinion one of the best, if not the best, that has ever been created, the perfect mix between tactical turnbased and realtime combat.Okay nostalgia aside, I still believe this is one of the best systems I ever had the pleasure to play, it builds a lot around tactic instead of pure damage dealing and overlevelling your characters like a ton of other JRPGs. Instead of grinding it's just as effective to wrap your head around positioning, not just of your characters but also your enemies, and timing.While on first look quite simple the system has a lot of depth, with crowd control, animation-cancels, AOE-spells, a counter and a combo mechanic. There are so many different utility items it melts your brain considering the possibilities.And the bossfights are just a blast, the mechanics they employ to make the fights different are amazing. And because of the emergent complexity of the combat system there are multiple ways to kill bosses as well.Gearing and customization:As I said in the combat section already, this game is deep. There are multiple ways to build each character depending on what you are looking for.In the game you can find so called eggs. Think of them as power-items that give your characters special magical abailities. Some are build around healing, others around damage, yet again some around meele and afflictions.While there are the obvious choices some fairly interesting and highly effective combinations are possible.Different weapons in this game can actually affect how a character fights and what he can do, it's important to think about your current team composition as well as their gear and skills when fighting, especially in the bossfights. Oh and do not sell your resistance gear, you will need it.Cons:Yes the game is not perfect, here are some things that people might find annoying:Overpowered Items:I think this is something the new hardmode will (hopefully at some point, when it's more than just 20% more hP for enemies) fix, but there are a few Items in the game that are just insanely powerful. While the maximum damage per attack is capped at a certain level those items can reach those amounts already early in the game and oneshot a lot of enemies and make bossfights significantly easier.Annoying character tropes:If you do not like a Damsel-Priestess and a Tsundere as your main female characters, you are probably going to have a baaaad time. While their characters get deeper later on, especially in the beginning they can be annoying.Slow start:The first hour of the game is dialogues and some 1 or 2 serious fights (there are other fights but you pretty much 2-shot everything). Give the game time, as soon as your party is full and the story gets going the combat system becomes extremely rewarding.Combat camera:This... thing... was/is the only letdown about the combat system. It's not that it makes the game unplayable, it's just annoying, because sometime you do not see everything. But as soon as an enemy acts the camera usually zooms out and shows you what you need to see to make a decision, sometimes it can mess up your tactics though, if you ""forgot"" there was another enemy.Visuals:I'm glad they took the ""HD Remake"" off the title. It looks slightly better than I remember and runs on 1920x1080 (with black borders because of 4:3) on solid 30 FPS, but well it looks very, very dated. Also no 60fps, 4k, or widescreen... but... well, it's still pretty damn beautiful!So yeah, do I recommend this: Hell yeah! If you like oldschool JRPGs and never Played this, get it right now."
76561198025301599,Recommended,330390,17702136,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,ZOR33L is,"one of the best JRPGs ever behind only Shadow Hearts 2.+ supports 1080p resolution.+ windowed mode can be dragged to fit the way you like it.+ Japanese audio can be selected.+ Steam achievements and cards if you are interested.+ gamepad support.+ based on the Dreamcast version not the PC.+ great soundtrack.+ good story.++++ one of the best combat systems ever.- 30 fps lock.P.S. you can listen to the soundtrack if you want, go to the game's Steam folder and you find the soundtrack under Grandia 2/Data/sound (they will be in .ogg files)Edit:now the update has fixed a lot of things and added support for higher resolutions and adjustable sound settings for music, effects, speech..etc. plus the game now runs at 60fps during battles."
,Recommended,330390,17778165,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Dweeb,"Grandia is a great game.  Now that I've completed it again, I can tell you it's not just the nostalgia speaking.PROS:- The game has aged surprisingly well.- The combat is fast paced and has light tactical elements- The story is phenomenalCONS:- The Hut of Trials mini game is beyond annoying- There is an issue with playing FMVs, after the fmv has completed the game will hang for about 10 seconds- As with most JRPGs the special attack animations wear out their welcome rather quickly- There are various graphical and animation glitchesFurther explanation of the pros and cons follow.This game has aged well, much better than other classics in the genre.  The graphics are much easier on the eyes than the release date would imply.  The combat is very fun, not until the very end of the game was I skipping fights.  The story has a decent pacing to it.  The third act does outstay its welcome though.  The game just does not seem to know when it should end.  Overall, it's an excellent experience.The Hut of Trials mini game is the worst part of the game and it's not even remotely close.  Let me begin by saying this, I've never enjoyed mini games in JRPGs, so take what I'm about to say with a grain of salt.  The whole structure of this mini game bewilders me.  You have to talk to someone to get into the Hut, at which point you walk up some stairs and into the hut.  Once inside you're greeted by another dialogue box which then leads you into the cavern where the actual mini game is.  But it doesn't stop there, no, you have to read a stone tablet and then wait for this furry thing to go open the mini game door.  Once inside the mini game, it's a pretty run of the mill JRPG mini game, nothing special.  Once you complete the mini game you go outside and what is your reward?  You get to watch the furry thing(s) dance for ten or so seconds before it opens the exit.  Once you proceed, you must walk to the end of another cave and then be sprung out of the cavern.  You're then greeted by a manimal that gives you your actual reward.  Now, if it was just a one time thing to get all of your rewards from the mini game, that wouldn't be awful, not ideal but certainly not awful.  Nope, you have to go multiple times to get every reward from the mini game.  It's a time consuming, poorly thought out exercise in frustration.  It takes longer to enter and exit the mini game than it does to play it, meaning, you'll never get successive tries, even if you fail.Another frustrating issue with the game is the bug that causes the game to hang after playing FMVs.  Which only seems to occur after a bit of playtime, it's not going to happen on your first few fights.  It's a huge issue in the later game.  I would honestly say the fights last on average 10-20 seconds longer than they should.  However, the boss battles will last minutes longer than they should.  It's easily fixed by closing the game and opening it again.  The problem, however, lies in the fact that there are set save locations and exiting is not always an option.The special moves outlive their welcome just like any other game in the genre, the problem is compounded by the brief hang after every move that has an FMV in it, which are quite a few.  Nothing surprising here, typical gripe about games in the genre that came out around the same time as this game.The graphics for the most part are solid for the age of the game.  I did, however, notice many instances of the camera clipping through the scenery during cutscenes, animation hangs during cutscenes, and like one or two instances of z-fighting.  Honestly, pretty solid game even given the handful of times these issues occur.Overall, I fully expect the FMV hanging issue to be resolved, the Hut of Trials mini game is only mandatory once, the specials will be fixed along with the FMV bug and the graphical glitches aren't anything to get worked up over. The pros far outweigh the cons.Verdict:  Buy this game!"
,Recommended,330390,32368513,Posted: 12 June,all,Helevorn,"Awesome port, awesome RPG, awesome battle system, great story..Super super recommended, I know that Grandia isn't a franchise so famous (even because of its story and its consoles) but this game is really worth the while, it's been perfectly ported and if you like great JRPS à la Final Fantasy this is probably one of the best choice you'll find here on Steam!!"
,Recommended,330390,18441163,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,DriftNinjaElite,"An epic game, even if you missed it during the PS2 era, the graphics may be on the outdated side, but that doesn't take away the fun factor. Grandia IMO has one of the best combat systems in RPG history. The story alone is very well done, and there is a lot of interaction between characters and NPC. Gungho has worked really hard to fix the bugs that exsisted when it first came to Steam and i have to give them so many props for that. I couldn't play the original PC version back in the day (still have my CDs) because of bad memory leaks and crashes, i am grateful to finally be able to play the PC version as it should be. With the added bonus of a Hard difficulty.Tips for newbies: GRIND, GRIND, GRIND! You don't have to go nuts, but getting Ryudos Tenseikin Slash up to Max early on in game is a handy stradegy. Once you get to Baked Planes, you can also farm Defense Seeds from the enemies there if you choose to. Make sure you save your Skill Points and Magic Coins, i personally have this thing where i don't spend until i get to around 2,000 of both so i can max out a skill or magic right away - early game.Also, check everywhere, it is really easy to miss things on the map such as armor and Poff nuts.If you want a challenge, you can keep pressing on, but bosses can pose a major problem especially with cancel spells.All in all, this game speaks massive nostalgia. If you love classic games and JRPGs in general, Grandia is for you. Grandia plays differently from most RPGs in a good way.Thank you Gungho for continuing to patch the bugs and for keeping us updated! Kudos.Opinion still Stands after completing the game on Normal Diffcutly, i will be doing this again on Hard."
,Recommended,330390,18802656,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Saibot,"Too me Grandia 2 is one of the best RPG's of all time, it had a great challenging fighting mechanic, the characters were identifiable, the plot was interesting, the music (especially the church music) was well written, and the game ending had a very great and emotional message not just in the game but in life, it was even scary at times. there was some romance that was intriguing, some funny moments here and there.i really want to see skies of Arcadia on Steam as well.The Soundtrack of this game is gorgeous. For Example:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fT67DF3Ag7gbefore closing this review out remember one thing. Grandia II is famous for its great characters, mature storytelling, memorable music and fantastic battle system, and there's no better way to experience one of the most beloved console RPGs of the 32-bit era than this special Anniversary Edition!"
,Recommended,330390,22111436,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Dr. JustinSane,"""Sister, please, pray for us!""""...I'm afraid I cannot help you anymore. There is no God.""Oh, Grandia II! One of the best games from my childhood that were fortunately ported by GungHo America to Steam. Originally a Dreamcast title released in 2001, ported later to the PS2 in 2002 and later to Steam as the Anniversary Edition in 2015, this classic JRPG still holds well even after 15 years of it's initial release, mostly for it's memorable story and innovative combat system!The story in Grandia II revolves around Ryudo, a Geohound (a sort of bounty hunter in the Grandia universe), moved around from place to place, taking requests the normal folks would generally despise. One day, he received a letter of invitation, or a job request, to escort a band of Sisters of Granas for their usual prayer ritual from the nearby village. Things unfortunately went south and from a basic escort job, Ryudo is now stuck in a potential catastrophic event that may decimate the world.Before moving on to the pros and cons, I would just like to mention that I may be bias in recommending this as this game is held dearly by me as one of my favorite titles ever but I'll try to point out all the positive and negative aspects of this port.PROSAs I've mentioned earlier, this game has an absoluteBRILLIANTstory! The plot itself is captivating with a mind bending plot twist occurring at the second half of the game. I've played a lot of RPGs and I can firmly say that Grandia II has definitely one of the best ones!Every playable characters are surprisingly lovable! From the sarcastic and no-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t Ryudo to the calm and wise Mareg, every character stands out on their own and their lines perfectly matched with their attitude that Game Arts portrayed them to be.One more thing about the characters are their lines. Seriously, read them all if you can! You can find tidbits of Ryudo and Helena's love-hate relationship, Mareg's pearls of wisdom, Millenia's flirty-but-chaotic tone. Even talking with NPCs will net you awesome dialogues between the characters! (PRO TIP: Make sure to talk to everyone at least TWICE. There's always 2 or 3 different conversations you can have each time you talk to anyone)Innovative and dynamic combat system! I think this one is what separate Grandia II with the other RPGs at the time. What I mean by dynamic is that everyone moves freely in the battlefield during their turn. Instead of the usual turn-based battles (a la ATB from the Final Fantasy series), once the character's turn is reached, they will run forward to their enemy to land the blows. This makes it interesting since the character, implied to both friendlies and foes, can miss or evade just by moving a bit. Also, another interesting mechanic in combat is the Cancel system. Every character have the basic Combo or Critical attack to use each turn. The Critical is weaker from the pair, since it only hit once, but when used when an opponent's turn, it will cancel the said turn, shoving the said opponent queue lower and allows for tactical comeback.Great character's customization via skills and magic equip. In Grandia, magic comes from an equip Mana Egg you'll find across the game. Each have different spells, whether offensive or defensive, and can be equip by anyone, in AND out of battles! So basically, any character can be a healer or damager, with the limiting factors comes only with the mana pool and the character's stats. Same goes with skills, where upon finding and leveling up skill books, you can equip skills to boost the character's ability on what build you decide to use on him/her.Basically an all around decent port with a few minor quirks (I'll list them down in the Cons). During the whole 40 hours of my playtime, the game never crashed on me once. There's also an option to turn on VSync and Anti-aliasing via an external launcher.The game supports both Japanese and English voice over. I used the Japanese voices most of the time since I forgot how cringey the English voice actors sound in the game (still good compared to the other JRPGs at the time though). I switch to English only when there's a plot heavy cut scene comes up because they don't have subs for it. The option is available via the said external launcher.Full controller support (I used the standard XBOX 360 controller) with customizable buttons.An option to play in Hard Mode right off the bat. I suggest going for this since the game is quite easy once you got the hang of the mechanics.A perfect 100% game is moderately easy to achieve in one play. I took a little bit over the 40 hours mark in Hard Mode to complete the game with all the achievements unlocked. Surprisingly, it only took me a a little grind to get the 2000 enemies killed. Of course, you have to look in very nook and cranny for hidden treasures to ensure you didn't missed any specific ones, namely the ""Bling"" and ""Put A Notch in it"" achievements.NEUTRALIn combat, the HP bar for ALL enemies is shown clearly to you, even bosses! Bosses with > 9999 HP will be shown as ????/???? but with the bars shown, you can estimate when he's going to die. It's useful but I think it dissolve the suspense that the usual RPG boss fights have.CONSThe biggest pet peeve I have with this game is that it doesn't support a native widescreen support. Sure, you can change the resolution and toggle the widescreen option but what it does is just stretch the aging 4:3 camera, making the game unbearably ugly. If the widescreen toggle is turned off, you'll have to settle playing with a letterbox resolution to the end.The Japanese voice over is not sync with the English dialogue. The voice get cuts over prematurely if the text advances way faster than the actual voices. It doesn't happen when you're using the English voice though.Camera controls in the fields and dungeons are frustrating and dizzying at times. Since the developers tend to hid items behind walls, you have to rotate the camera nonstop to spot it and it's annoying. Also, the camera zooms in on Ryudo when you stopped moving even for a second.Some text glitched out passed the text box.30 FPS-locked. Yeap, it's still there. It's nothing major really but the characters does seems floaty at time during walking. Good thing is that battles runs in fully glorious 60 FPS! That's why it feels fast and frantic at times.Although the game runs smoothly at 30 and 60 FPS, there's a few area (namely the snowy mountains) where the FPS drops a bit. Not really important but I supposed I should mention it.Opening the save and loading screens took ages!The field interactions are unnecessarily and painfullySLOW! For example, when you're climbing a ladder, everyone will take turns to slowly navigate the ladder and you CAN'T move until everyone's done. Missed something up there? You might as well go and order takeouts in the meantime.Textures sometimes glitched out and you can see through walls (whoa)In combat, the game shows exactly what your opponents will do, even when it's not their turn yet. Even though it does make things simpler, I think it just ruins the difficulty. (Oh, the boss is using his ultimate move after this? Let's Cancel it!)To conclude, even with the minor technical quirks and aging game engine, I give Grandia II Anniversary Edition a nostalgic and epic5/5! Truly a masterpiece of a JRPG!To the fan of the series and also JRPG fans, I can assure you that the money spent is well worth it! I would also recommend to useLeandro Eidi's HD Modwhere it adds a few nice little HD touch to the apparently aging game."
,Recommended,330390,19103598,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Protoss,"What is Grandia® II Anniversary Edition?It is a port of Grandia II that has some technical issues but is as of the current patch 1.7 in a good state. The major issue, a desync of background music in cutscenes that only is really bothering in one or two of them, however will most likely not be fixed.Grandia II was a Dreamcast RPG, featuring the Geohound - hand for hire - Ryudo in his quest to save the Songstress Elena when she visits a ceremony. Of course, the ceremony goes wrong and it soon is apparent that the whole world might be in danger.Graphics: The graphics are for their time nicely done 3D maps with animated videos for spells. They fit in nicely into the battles, but have to be watched every single time, which can be around 20 seconds, depending on the spell. From today's perspective, the graphics don't hold up anymore, but a lot is done with mimics in speech boxes, which works very fine until today. However, in the 3D world the characters are without a proper face, it very much looks dated nowadays. Everything looks flat with some objects put on top of that, very unreal and in some cases even the textures can clearly be seen repeating.Music and Sound: The sound still holds up, the music is excellent, but the voice acting only happens at certain points and then also partially inconsistent - not in quality which is very high, but in which scenes are acted and which are without voice. All in all, there could have been more, but what is there is very well done. The voice actors know how to express emotions.Gameplay: Well, the gameplay is simple. You walk around, fight, etc. - standard RPG gameplay. The world is very linear, backtracking is quasi nil as every few levels or so the previous ones can't be accessed anymore. Still the levels are worth exploring because almost everywhere is another item to be found. Some of the puzzles are interesting, but usually they are just ""press button X to open door Y"". There are a two minigames but they exhaust themselves fast - you can do an arm wrestling and a nut catching which is both fun for a bit, but especially in the nut catching case gets boring fast. One can say the gameplay is mainly based on the story, and that is one that is well written, holds a few surprises, but may be predictable for people who know their RPG tropes. There are saving points where one can completely recover himself, and they are never too rare. At the least it has a lot of character development, and the characters grow to your heart - and each others...Battle System: So the battle system is where the game will fall or stand. All battles are done on a 2D plane with a maximum of 4 vs. 6 characters (one boss has more than 6, but that is an exception). Every character, monster or player, advances on an IP scale in the UI that determines when he can attack. The clou is that you have a certain distance between command and attack, so if you time it right, you can attack while the enemy is in that distance. This slows the enemy for a moment or if you do certain attacks costs him quite some space there, canceling his attack as well. You find books and eggs during the game that give additional attributes to your character or magic. Good: Every character can equip every egg, skills in the books can be individually equipped. So do you want rather the egg with few attacks but a lot of healing to be used by Ryudo or Elena? And what egg should the other characters use?RPG typically there are some status effects and bonuses you can apply during the battle or granted by what you wear. For example, if you sleep or are paralyzed your character moves to the very back of the IP gauge and can't do anything until healed. A special status only for enemies is being spellbound. It is applied by only one special attack and it has pretty much only one use in the game - but that one is needed if you play on hard.What also must be noted is that characters that stand close together or in a line can be hit by spells with that range, others target the whole party or just a single character, so it has another tactical component there as well. In many cases you will just use the magic or move that kills all enemies at once, however, and it flattens to choosing the spell based on if it is the special range (read: circle around the enemy) or all enemies.The hard mode is a new addition to the game, not seen in the original. It makes enemies tougher, adjusts their stats, etc. With this, the game becomes challenging at times, before it was just a breeze to go through and now it is mostly a breeze to go through, but gets tricky towards the end. Better don't waste your good irreplacable items, especially those that fill up your points for the special attacks, or you will find yourself in need of them eventually! Yes, this is pretty much one of the very few games where I had to use items in a battle to win.So what do I think about the game? It is marvellous, a masterpiece, despite its flaws. When it comes to the actual gameplay, the story is paced good enough to keep one going, and only gets annoying when there is an overly long sequence without a saving point. The battle system is well done and motivating, the possibility to level up what you want to use instead of just being it granted by level or item does the game very good. All in all I can only recommend this game. I paid 15 Euro for it and I feel that it was worth the price, even though I had played it long long ago in the earlier PC release.Since this is the only version with the hard mode, this version is the way to go. Alternatively you can try the earlier version and find a mod that makes it challenging, or just play through it as it originally was and don't expect a challenge.Recommended? Yes! The game is around 30 hours long (hard mode), then you have all achievements and no replayability, but those 30 hours are great."
,Recommended,330390,17697969,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,"AJ, Lord of Chaos","I picked up the first PC version from the discount bin never thinking I would play this like 5 times through. Just checked if the game was working in this iteration. Windows 10, 64 bit -check. XBox 360-controller -check. (5 year old Laptop)Synopsis: you (young unsocial mercenary), church songstress girl, ""evil"" magic girl and some more dudes stumble upon a plot to resurrect some evil god and all...While the setting's somewhat grim the game has a warm and friendly athmosphere, friendship wins and all. Then there's the bickering between the different characters, the love triangle, the good vs evil plot with a twist. Really good.Good things:-Storyline, characters are excellent and memorable-Funny - games usually aren't funny but this one is-Music, SFX, voice-over (cinematics good but outdated)-Ugly bosses-Excellent, non-boring battle system, top of the genreBad things:-lame ""hard mode""-videos still the same as old version-not really improved-I feel like I need to play it 'again'Overall I'd recommend to all JRPG fans 9,5 / 10, a must play."
,Recommended,330390,17821922,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Jedo,"Before I review this game, I want to point out that I didn't have nearly as many game-breaking issues as some of my peers. I have seen some horrific bug reports and I feel relieved that I have only experienced 3 minor crashes during my 2 playthroughs (currently 1.5).Content-wise, this is the almost the same as what you could expect from a Grandia title. My focus will be on my overall experience after replaying this game on Steam.Pros:- I had almost no issues with the achievements. Considering the humongous bug report thread, I was expecting to run into more trouble with this particular feature. Hurricane Belt was added in one of the achievement descriptions even though it does not exist in the game. Thankfully, they removed it within a day and it seems that my peers are able to obtain the achievement without issues.- The story is easy to follow. It's about the mutual existence and importance of good and evil.- For a JRPG, this is not as grindy as the rest of the games within the genre. This is a plus for me.- The Japanese voice actors are very good. I actually switched straight to Japanese after hearing Skye talk in English for the first time. Thankfully, the original cast did not disappoint.Cons:- The battles were too easy even on hard mode.- Elemental weaknesses can almost be ignored. The fire element can carry you through 80% of the game.- The audio levels need to be adjusted! Footsteps sound louder than almost everything else.- There's no secondary check for the item collector achievement. I currently have a save file with all 3 belts required for an achievement. Despite this, the game does not award the achievement properly. I am currently replaying the game to make 'checkpoints' to try and remedy this.- Many, many, many bugs. Check the forum. The publishers are currently trying to slowly fix them all.Final Verdict: Wait a bit before buying this game. It remains to be seen how proactive the publishers will be in rolling out patches for this game to fix the big list of issues. I am recommending this game <pending the update fixes>."
,Recommended,330390,17700509,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Wallet7865,"I am a simple man, I see a classic JRPG, I press buy."
76561198028222975,Recommended,330390,17921057,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Riptos,"Right, where to start.This is a game that I can safely say I have completed more than any other over the course of the last 15 years.I have completed all ports of this game released to date so I hope I can elaborate on things specific to this edition of the game.I found out they were releasing this game on Steam a few months ago and I had been sitting on tenterhooks waiting for the game to finally be purchasable. Thankfully for the first week of release the game had a 25% off sale so I couldn't complain about picking up my favourite RPG of all time for a mere £11.When I was looking through the achievement list I was overjoyed to see that there was a hard mode incorporated into the game. Now I'm sure other seasoned veterans of the game also saw this as incentive to buy the game on it's own.So my playthrough was on the hard difficulty.Graphically the game looks fine, however I won't say there aren't faults. There are some real glaring issues with screen tearing at points. I notably remember it was pretty bad during the development on Ceceille Reef and when you are about to fight the Claws of Valmar. Don't get me wrong, these are small issues that I'm sure will be fixed at a later patch.The voices are good, I always loved Cam Clarke as Ryudo and especially Jennifer Hale as Elena. The acting is hammy at points but it's a cheesy story, so it's not unwelcome. The music from Noriyuki Iwadare was always one of the selling points of the game, I always had a soft spot for the final boss music. Which leads me onto the next point.The difficulty on the hard mode, well for 90% of the game, it's quite unlikely you will notice much difference, regular enemies are still one-shottable from AoE spells if you tune your skills for them. Most bosses aren't really too much different.There are exceptions however which I won't divulge here. I'd like to keep this spoiler free if possible.The plot of the game was always one of the high-points of the game. It quite literally is good vs evil, perfectly straightforward without feeling convoluted. There is always a goal in mind which you push towards. However that leads me to a slight grievance. The game is very linear, it doesn't allow for much deviation from the story route. Not like it's a bad thing really as the plot is interesting and if it's your first time playing it I reckon it will keep you captivated the whole time anyway.There are some gameplay issues with FMV's as some of the moves/spells incorporate that and it can cause frame delays. I think it's been fixed for the most part with the last patch but I completed the game on patch 1.01 and it hadn't yet. I remember the last boss fight being notably bad for it with 15 - 20 second delays on ending an animation and returning to the fight.The developers seem to have a passion for the game which is a good thing as they are actively fixing bugs that are reported on the forums here on Steam. I'm enthusiastic that by the time the game goes on sale again alot of the little problems will have been dealt with. The dream is essentially having this be as good as the original Dreamcast version with the hard mode thrown in for good measure. I have faith that the devs will get this done, it will just take time. Patience while the kinks are worked out is the way to go.Pros:+ Best battle system in any RPG.+ Story is really enthralling. If you have never cleared this, buy it for this reason alone+ Characters are great, very relatable+ Music and Voice acting is really good+ Active development team actually listens to the fans and fixes problems+ Achievements add a bit more to the game. (I could have thought of a good few more though lol)Cons:- Graphical tears and other issues involving FMV's can be aggravating- Graphics are 15 years old so might be unappealing to some of the newer gamers- Heard of game crashes, I never experienced them myself but I have heard others complain about it- For the most part Hard isn't really any harder but when it is, the game lets you know swiftly- If you don't deviate at all from the story and streamline the game, it only takes about 20 hours to finishIn conclusion the game has had problems on launch but I don't expect any gamebreakers to be around for longer than a month or two. If you haven't played this game before, BUY IT. The story and characters are some of the richest in any RPG ever. If you have played it before, play it if only for the hard mode. Swag points for completing it on hard after all.Thanks for reading."
76561197983770126,Recommended,330390,17717345,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Burtsoon,"A good first attempt at porting over a cult classic from the Dreamcast era and a worthy purchase for a money-grubbing Mogay veteran, or a newcomer to the franchise.Grandia II Anniversary Edition is a re-release of the Dreamcast game, Grandia II, with slightly improved lighting and textures. The port runs at 30FPS however this is not a massive hindrance to gameplay. There does appear to be some teething issues with the port for people running the game on slightly older hardware, though they appear to be manageable for the most part. GungHo are actively fixing bugs that are present in a timely manner.As for the game itself, Grandia II is a very engaging RPG. An engaging story that has you playing as a young Geohound (an atheistic mercenary) named Ryudo who is hired by Granas (a religious group) to escort Elena, a Songstress. The voice work is solid, if not quite cheesy at times; it reminds me of old Saturday morning cartoons in style. Japanese voices have been included in this port, though as a non-speaker I feel like I couldn't comment on delivery of their lines.Bored of taking turns of just getting hit, and attacking? Grandia II's battle system is possibly one of the most refined battle systems ever conceived in a JRPG. The battle system feels like a more refined ATB system from older Final Fantasy titles. All battle participants are on a timeline, moving towards making commands, and executing them. This system allows players to manipulate the timeline using various moves such as doing a critical attack on an opponent to delay (& knock back) their next attack. However be careful, as many opponents can do the same to Ryudo & pals.Noriyuki Iwadare reprises his role as the lead composer of the soundtrack of Grandia. Like the original Grandia, Iwadare has created some fantastic passages of music that will have you humming to for a long time to come. In my opinion Iwadare has a knack for creating some of the most exhilarating, upbeat music that can really give you a kick up the backside.To conclude, Grandia II is a masterpiece of its time. Whilst the visuals haven't aged as well as the original Grandia's sprite work, the presentation, gameplay & story more than make up for it. Grandia II is well worthy of a place in your Steam game library."
,Recommended,330390,24941383,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,ｓｈｅｙ,"WHY SHOULD I BUY THIS GAME?!That's easy. Grandia 2 is by far one of the best JRPGs on steam - why?1. The story is great. And by great I mean ""I friggin cried a bit (just a bit) when SPOILER happened"" great.2. The combat system is insanely good. The encounters might be a bit easy if youre a grindy-RPG-player, BUT there is a hard difficulty in the steam version which increases the enemies max-hp (pretty cool for a second playthrough)4. Tons and tons of grindables. All characters have upgradable special abilities. The way you get spells in this game is by collecting and leveling spellbooks. The spells in the spellbook can be upgraded with XP from battles. Same with combat enhancements in ""battlebooks"" (or whatever they're called lul). This bonus grinding system makes leveling more exciting and you pretty much always have something to do till the end of the game.3. This is a really good port of the game. Close to no bugs/glitches, resolution support for every monitor, japanese voices (not as good as english imo), and a really good overall performance (60 FPS COMBAT Kreygasm).The first time I've played Grandia 2 was way back on the Dreamcast (and PS2) and this steam-rerelease made me really happy to playthrough again. G2 is in my Top 3 best JRPGs of all time, and I think that it might be in yours too when you've played it.buy it."
,Recommended,330390,17747598,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Linearskillz,"It's my first time playing it but this game is like, really good so far. The combat system is super fun and I'm surprised it hasn't been copied by more games. There's a ton of dialog with NPCs that changes frequently and my OCD is getting the better of me.Port-wise it's fine. Runs at 30fps [EDIT: 1.03 adds 60fps battles, NICE!] and is pillarboxed to 4:3 but it's a 15 year old Dreamcast game so I can cut it some slack. It's good they didn't go with the 'HD' branding though. It's more or less just a properly working version of an old game like you would find on GOG or something.I ran into a few bugs but they were already fixed so it's good the devs are paying attention."
76561198163012515,Recommended,330390,17718743,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Clarityman,"""You'd better practice if you wanna beat me!""Be prepared to hear that a few thousand times.Ah Grandia II. I was obsessed with this game when I was a freshman in college. Incidentally, the semester during which I beat it also happens to be the semester in which I scored the lowest grades. There may be a connection there.Thing is, it was worth it. Grandia II may seem like a prototypical JRPG, but here's the rub: just about everything about it is GREAT. The music, the story, the writing... it's all top notch. The adventure becomes insanely epic as you progress through the tale, and the whole affair is smarter than your average game, with commentary on religion, judgemental preconceptions, and social class playing out through crisp dialogue. Said dialogue is frequently laugh-out-loud hilarious.One of Grandia II's strongest selling points is how it takes the typical RPG caveats and streamlines them, and it's so much more fun as a result. The menus are very intuitive and easy to navigate; it's all very clear and easy to pick up. Encounters are not random; though random encounters never bothered me, here the encounter system is implemented brilliantly, where approaching from behind gives you initiative (think Ni No Kuni) while being approached from behind reduces your initiative from the start.Other refinements that streamline the experience include how inns give you the option of restoring your health AND saving, instead of just one or the other. Same with save points. Yoan's Elixer, which revives fallen characters like Phoenix Downs, actually restores HP also, so you don't waste a rare item bringing a character back just to watch him get one-hit killed again. There are dozens more ways this game improves on the prototypical RPG formula. And unlike some JRPGs it doesn't take 40 hours for things to get going. The story gets interesting very quickly.The battle system is one of the areas in which this JRPG shines the most. It's similar to Child of Light, where you can go for combo attacks and score more damage, or try to time it so critical attacks can cancel an opponent's assault. If you can't execute an attack in time, defending actually works to your advantage in this game, as it significantly lowers the damage you'll take. And if you can time your evades properly, you can avoid damage altogether while simultaneously repositioning yourself on the battle map. Watch out though, your opponents can counter and cancel your attacks as well. It's all extremely well balanced, and becomes real addictive real quick... just ask my freshman self.Grandia II comes HIGHLY recommended. If you've never tried it, give it an hour and you'll realize why it's so awesome.Note: As far as I can tell, the resolution and other settings cannot be changed from within the game. Fortunately, all you have to do is navigate to your steamapps folder for Grandia II, and the ini is super easy to find in the config folder. It's also very easy to edit. Change to 1080p for the textures, but I recommend maintaining the original aspect ratio-- it just looks better that way!"
,Recommended,330390,17697020,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Andy,"This game is full of sweet memories, i can hear over and over critical hit of Ryudo - Haaa Yaaaah! and this♥♥♥♥♥♥is absolutely amazing, this game is a piece of art, that you must have in your steam!Это просто восторг еще и две озвучки - английская и японская в одном комплекте!!"
,Recommended,330390,17760565,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Legatee_Angus_Reshev,Reminds me of another great Dreamcast RPG that should be brought to Steam: Skies of Arcadia
,Recommended,330390,17706002,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Ｍａｋｅｎｂｏｓｈｉ,"Bring me back to 2000s, where JRPGs are still good and plenty.Grandia stood along with Final Fantasy 7 in its days, and it's still one of the best JRPG ever.Pros:+Great story+Japanese audio (I couldn't get the Japanese version at Akiba)+Controller support+Anti-aliasing+New difficulty level+Steam achievementsCons:-30 fps (battle is 60 fps with patch 1.03)-Checking save file took too long-Audio clippingBRB getting back to my teenage days."
,Recommended,330390,27517586,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,AyaK4y,"This game has no good graphics,  all characters are lacking facial expressions and it's one of those many save-the-world-stories.And still .. it amazes me since the first day.Why, you may ask?It has a good story about 'how to get rid of the evil with the evil itself'. It contains friendship and even a little bit of love, good twists and moments I wished they never happened.The battle system is something special I didn't see often and with the now added hard mode it gets even more challenging and funnier.There are even a few good cut scenes for some skills or special moments in game, with faces and stuff!I can also recommend it's OST. Some great music!~ I will be with you always. Whenever. Wherever. Forever. Alllllll the time.EDIT: After 15 years I still have the urge to play this game. I am addicted ;_;"
76561198033785539,Recommended,330390,23542027,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Hammerfall,"A golden oldie for old school RPG fans. Just completed it on both normal and hard mode. Captivating story line, excellent combat system. Still very much enjoyable."
,Recommended,330390,17703892,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Tsukasa Hiiragi,"TL:DR SummaryThis is one of the best jrpgs in the history of gaming, has an absolutely awesome soundtrack - great story and great characters, good voice acting.  This port is also extremely well done,  I highly recommend this to anyone, especially to people who have never played the original.   Grandia II is one of the very best Dreamcast games and is worth your time and money.This is a classic JRPG that even with its old age, this is still one of the very best in the genre and many current generation of gamers never got to experience the original back in the dreamcast days,  if you're one of those who never got to experience the Grandia series then your in for one huge treat with Grandia II.The story starts out with Ryudo, the geohound taking on oddjobs - think mercenary for hire and as the story progresses you will learn more about the battles between light and darkness long ago, add in a couple of plot twists and some endearing characters who join your party then its off to save the world from impending disaster.Battles are pseudo-turn based with an active meter indicting who's turn is next, but with a flare of strategy as your turn can be delayed, or even cancelled if your not careful with your battle choices, however - you can do the very same to your opponents and learning these tricks is key to winning, especially during some tricky boss battles.Each character who joins has their typical unique character skills, and magic can be shared by the use of mana eggs - like with most JRPGs,  skill points are earned each battle and can be spent on upgrading or purchasing new skills/spells.  Whilst there is a minor grind if you obviously want to get every spell/skill maximised but the pace is fairly fast so for the most part, any SP grinding isn't usually a problem.The graphics are obviously dated, but this remaster honestly does a fairly good job in updating the graphics and provides more options than the previous windows version ever did, just remember though that this game is quite old so don't expect cutting edge graphics, or highly detailed cut scenes.The soundtrack is legendary,  some of the very best battle music ever created, awesome electronica style with hard rock edge.  Even after your 1000th battle, the battle and boss music never gets old.  The rest of the soundtrack is equally good.  I'd like to say some bad things about the game, but honestly - there really isn't any per say.   Okay, a couple of boss battles have somewhat 'cheap' mechanics but can easily be beaten with some perseverance.+ Good Battles+ Good Story+ Good Characters+ Good Soundtrack+ Good Skill/Magic System+/- Outdated Graphics"
,Recommended,330390,31264563,Posted: 20 April,all,atro city,"From a gameplay standpoint, Grandia 2 is one of the best JRPGs I've played. In a way, this game is a bit similar to Final Fantasy 5: the battles and gameplay mechanics are the star of the show while the story more or less takes a backseat (though Grandia 2's story isn't as painfully generic as FF5's).This game takes real-time combat based on a single time bar everyone shares, and makes it turn-based. Attacks and spells (mostly) have a charging time, and you can cancel any enemy's attack with a critical hit at the right time. Other attacks and spells will stagger the enemy's time bar/animation, so battles have a nice interactive dynamic where you can affect what the enemies are able to do, and they don't just churn out spells all the time regardless of what you do.I can't say anything else other than the gameplay is really satisfying. More JRPGs should do this, as it's a great marriage of turn-based combat on a real-time field, that doesn't compromise by forcing you to play only one character while the AI controls the rest of your party, or other things I've come to despise in ""modern"" JRPGs.There are some downsides like not being able to skip spell animations and reliance on AOE damage later on, but overall, Grandia 2 is the most fun I've had with a JRPG in quite a while. Also, it's nice to get a chance to play a classic Dreamcast game, as I never had a chance to own the system back in the day."
76561198057025825,Recommended,330390,22749676,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,narafed,"Despite a few glitches, this is still an amazing port. Grandia II is and always will  be an amazing game.This begs the question however, where is Skies of Arcadia? They really should port Skies!"
,Recommended,330390,17705822,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,AoixDracon,"I love this Game so much!!! Brings back so many memories, I played this on PC 14 years ago. I'm so happy it's back in HD.The Game itself for me is 10/10but..I've encountered many bugs and crashes and I'm really hoping it would be fixed soon, because this is ridiculous.. Do Devs even care the game has tons of issues? Apparently not.."
,Recommended,330390,17696922,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,DariusOne,"Best JRPG and possibly the best game I´ve ever played. Gonna ""have to"" refresh my memory once again now but I very much doubt any of that has changed."
,Recommended,330390,23151165,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Jersey NiGHTS,"Love this game but sometimes in some battles there is slowdown but it's no big deal to me. Now I'm hoping they bring the first Grandia to steam, I will buy that in a heartbeat."
,Recommended,330390,33146664,Posted: 2 July,all,zadamanim,"This game just just as good as I remember it.The Battle SystemThe battle system ensures that even easy fights are engaging. Often times there are 6 or more enemies to face in a single fight, and the starting ""turn"" order is randomized, which means that the same fight can play out in many different ways. While you're not really threatened with death outside of a boss battle, the distance between save points can be kind of long. This means you don't want enemy damage to add up, so you'll want to end fights as quickly and safely as possible. This means you'll make interesting decisions between canceling the opponents turn or spending MP or SP to use more powerful attacks. When you time your cancel after the opponent has chosen their next attack, but before the attack comes out, you cancel the entire attack completely, which is increadibly satisfying.The Story(spoilers, obviously)Some people might find the plot to be sort of generic for a JRPG, but the characters are memorable and feel grounded and realistic. Without spoiling much, it has a similar vibe to Super Mario RPG, as a ""roadtrip plot"" where you meet interesting characters and learn about the world along the way to a distant destination. The best part, in my opinion, is when your characters sit around a dinner table and somewhat-organically discuss their thoughts on recent events. This gives the characters a chance to ""respond"" to the plot in a way so many Japanese games/anime lack (outside of mid-battle sermons and internal monologues) and it builds a believable friendship among the cast.The PortWorks good. Some UI elements like the Save menu that's been adapted for PC look a bit simple, but function perfectly. The textures are clear, and despite it's age, the stylized and colorful art design has aged gracefully, for the most part. The addition of a ""hard mode"" is greatly appreciated, though it's still not very challenging outside of boss battles. I haven't done any A/B comparisons to see what's changed in the Hard Mode, if anyone knows, please let me know. All-in-all If you are going to buy this game, this is the version I recommend buying."
,Recommended,330390,18026709,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,SuperFightingRobot,"I've been playing JRPGs for a very long time, growing up on games like Final Fantasy VI, Chrono Trigger and Super Mario RPG. For some odd reason though, I never got around to playing Grandia 2, not when it was on the Dreamcast, and not when it was ported to the PS2. But now, thanks to GungHo, I finally get to play it (the going prices for the PS2 and DC versions are insanely high). So keep in mind, this review will be from the perspective of someone who's never played the game before, and therefore has no nostalgic attachment to it.Characters:given that this is a JRPG with a fairly standard story (save the world from a giant evil, etc) it's up to the characters to make this a game worth playing. Fortunately, the game does an admirable job at this. The main character, Ryudo, is especially interesting, given that he's not just an unwilling hero, but kind of a jerk as well. Another character, Roan, manages to break out of the ""annoying, obligatory child"" category by actually being intelligent. You also get a cool lion-man (think Kimahri from FFX, except useful and talkative) and a sexy demon lady in your party, among others. Basically, the characters are pretty neat and I liked them.Design:design plays a big part in these games, from character art to enemy designs. The characters themselves, as well as many of the towns and locations, have sort of a Chrono Cross vibe to them. The enemy designs range from decent to outright awesome, with the story bosses especially standing out (they look like something straight out of Parasite Eve). Unfortunately, the regular enemies suffer from the same problem that many JRPGs and MMOs have; namely, there are very few different types of enemies and the game instead relies on constant palette-swapping to make them ""different."" Even the mini bosses suffer from this design flaw.Gameplay:gameplay, ultimately, is what really makes or breaks a JRPG (any game, really), and this game's battle system passes with flying colors. At first glance, it looks like your standard turn-based system with regular attacks, magic, skills and items. But this system, I feel, is what Final Fantasy games tried for years to achieve with their ""active time battle"" system and failed to do. Honestly it's a little hard to descbribe in words, you're better off looking up a gameplay video on youtube to see how it works. I will say though, this is the first turn-based game I've seen where stats like ""agility"" and ""speed"" actually do something other than just affect your chance to dodge and hit. It's a very engaging combat system and a whole lot of fun. All your characters are able to fulfill multiple roles as well (think FFVII), so your heavy hitters can fill a support role if need be, and your white mage is actually an effective attacker (in fact, later in the game she becomes a huge damage dealer). Attacks themselves, especially the skills and magic, look great (many of them use flashy FMVs).Level Design:this is one area where the game becomes lacking, especially in the dungeons. Every dungeon is filled with monotonous, twisting corridors andeverythinglooks the same. I can overlook boring dungeons, but the camera angle in the game makes them infuriating. It sits straight overhead and you're able to see very little of what's around or ahead of you. I can't even count how many times I got lost in dungeons, simply because every room and tunnel looked the exact same as the last, and because I couldn't see enough of my surroundings to tell which way I had come from. This also makes navigating certain towns annoying, as you can't see anything more than your immediate surroundings and most of the buildings look the same.Music and Sound:this too is another aspect of the game that's underwhelimg. On its own, most of the music is good, but in-game there are two major problems. The first is that a lot of times, the music just feels plain inappropriate for the current situation. The other problem is that there are relatively few music tracks, so most of them are recycled to the point where it just gets old. But maybe I've just been spoiled by composers like Nobuo Uematsu and Yasunori Mitsuda. The other main issue I have is the sound effects, specifically those of enemies. They range from decent to infuriatingly annoying, and I don't know who thought they were good enough to make it to the final game. The sound effects for your attacks and magic, on the other hand, are all really good. As for the voice actors themselves, they're...alright. Sometimes they'll be good, and other times they're cringe-worthy. They never reach the level of FFX's infamous laughing scene though, so it's tolerable.The Port Itself:I rarely see a developer work this hard and this quickly on patching a game, especially not a port of a 15 year old game. Within a week of the game's release, GungHo had already released one major patch, and over the next couple weeks released even more large patches. These patches fixed not only issues that arose from porting a console game to the PC, but old issues that were never resolved. In my entire playthrough I encountered very few bugs, and the game crashed a total of two times, which is a better track record than many PC games. The devs listen to the fanbase and actively participate in the Steam forums, responding to people and updating them on their progress. These guys definitely deserve your money for how hard they've worked on this game.Final Thoughts:Grandia 2 is a solid JRPG. The level design and camera work are lacking, and the music gets old pretty fast, but the interesting characters and the fantastic battle system make up for it. This, along with GungHo's dedication to making this a great port and the low price, definitely make the game worth buying."
76561198049784002,Recommended,330390,18186172,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,redlegranger,I'm still amazed that such a little bird can carry virtually any enemy in the game but can't carry the main character to escape some lizard men.  10/10.
76561198065637255,Recommended,330390,28469595,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,mudpuppy510,"This version of Grandia II is faithful to the original Dreamcast version and well done. I enjoyed the game for the most part. Grandia II has solid (for it's time) voice acting in cut scenes, neat looking boss fights (particularly the hunks o' Valmar), interesting vaguely biological feeling dungeons (mostly late game) and some fun looking spell animations.Not all in Grandia II is rosy however.  The game is fairly linear, There is an annoying blond kid who speaks through his nose that I hate, the enemies (outside of boss fights) are often palett swaps of earlier bad guys and pretty uninspired.Also I want to take a quick minute and talk about those beautiful little movies that play each time you use an ability or casst a spell in the game. Boy do those look great, they are a pleasure to sit through. The first time. Unfortunatly you have so sit through them everytime you or an enemy use a special ability or cast a spell. As a general rule the more powerful the ability the longer the little cut scene, so that gets old fast.Despite all this Grandia II is a fun game I enjoyed it back then on the dreamcast and still enjoy it today. I think it still holds up."
,Recommended,330390,17699936,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Kodakan,"+ Texture improvements (don't expect too much, but it's noticable)+ Anti-Aliasing (MSAA up to 8x)+ improved lighting/shadows+ rebindable keys for keyboard/mouse and for Controller (to get Controller to work you might need to de-/reinstall it's drivers)+/- 30 FPS-Lock (c'mon, i too like my 60 but it's not necessary for this game)+/- 1080p Support but still in 4:3 ratio (so black borders left and right... you can disable ""keep aspect ratio"" to stretch it if you like)+/- wouldn't have hurt to build in a ""save anywhere""-option, but well... we're all used to save points, aren't we?- would have been nice to at least change the fonts or redesign the HUD a little to make it a little more pleasent for the eyeGrandia 2 tells an awesome story (one of the best i ever experienced in a game) while beeing a top notch classic JRPG with the best turn-based combat system in the genre. If you've never played it - do it now! If you already played it - play it again, you know you want to!This game provides lots of hours of entertainment at a price that i have eaten more expensive pizzas for.."
,Recommended,330390,23769663,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,KamiKatz3,"I played this Game as child, when i barely understood any english and still loved it. At that time i didn't understand how skill Special Attacks or Magic and still it was epic fun.So when i saw this Edition i got pretty excited and wasn't disappointed. It's like the same game with slightly better Graphics. And (the best thing) it gets Bugfixes every now and then. That's amazing for such an old Game !Beside that: Great Story, Great Combat and those Cutscene's still look ""okay""."
76561197970517348,Recommended,330390,17767164,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Doctor Heart,"What makes Grandia 2 shine among JRPG's is its amazing and simple in-depth Battle System. Why other JRPG's have not implemented something like it is baffling.The battles in Grandia 2 allow you so much control where you do more than just soak up and dish out damage and take a potion every now and then.As you and your foes do not take turns in a linear manner. All battles take place in a very simple but dynamic sequence of events on a 3D battlefield. One where you can minimize damage with proper defense, to being able to evade your enemy's attack with clever movement, and even being able to completey cancel an enemy's impending attack if you time and choose your attacks with some thought.And most of all, it is very simple but hard to master. Once you get the hang of it before you know it you'll be feeling like a master and looking forward to every battle in the game unlike in most other JRPG's.There is no grind to speak of. It's a lot of fun.For this reason alone, even though the Story is great and will hook you into the game very fast, no body should miss this game, whether it be a JRPG fan or even for people who usually don't like this Genre. It's that good.Port wise it's great. You can play at 1080p. The performance is great. The textures have been slightly tweaked to make them more presentable. I'm surprised at how well this game holds up today. You can map your keys however you want on either a controller or mouse and keyboard.I recommend this game to any person looking for a RPG, even for people who usually don't like JRPG's."
,Recommended,330390,17699159,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,QUEZKATOLEN - SWE!,"I was a kid last time I played this game on the dreamcast, and boy did I enjoy it. I had to loan a dreamcast from a relative, since they cost like 5000 kr roughly 550 euro here in Sweden. And yes, sadly many people missed out on this classic because of it. But enough of that...At that time, of its release, the graphic was amazing, even the quick ATB system with cancel attacks to delay enemies attack felt new and refreshing for a JRPG. And in-game voice acting? cool, I thought ;)Story and characters delivered as well. This is just one of these old-school classics which might not look all that today, but for its time was a good reason to own a dreamcast.Only negative thing with this ""Anniversary edition"" is that it lack native widescreen support, runs at 30 framerate (...yes I know its turn based combat, so not the biggest issue but still) and for some reason my controller doesnt work with this game- yet runs for every other steam game. (EDITED) it works now, the controller. perfectly.But this game works more than well with keyboard anyway, especially since the combat is menu based anyway and thus d-pads/keys works great. And yes, it has achievements and trading cards!Anyway, if you´re looking for a solid JRPG - or to try out a classic dreamcast title - this is it: 8.5/10"
,Recommended,330390,18961480,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,kitsune,brings back good times i had before i had bills a car and debt.
76561198037403735,Recommended,330390,17829858,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Laserjet11,One of my favorite dreamcast games that has been brought back. Wish they would bring back more games from old systems to steam (looking at you skies of arcadia). Love the combat system in the game due to it feeling turn based but more involved than just sitting and waiting for your turn to come back up. Definetly worth a try if you enjoy older rpgs.
76561198025960251,Recommended,330390,17698444,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Rootbreaker,"Best Day EVER!Thank you so much for bringing this game to steam!! :)If you love jrpgs I highly recommend this game!You'll be yelling ""Sky dragon SLASSSSH"" for days. :pOne of my best memories of this game is it's over the top abilities and the sense of powerfulness each time you use one."
76561198034093619,Recommended,330390,18268527,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Lux,"Nice to see another great JRPG find its way on to steam. While the story was slow to hook me from the start it gets a lot better about halfway in, and by then you will have had so much fun with the fantastic battle-system that you will have enjoyed yourself either way!"
76561197995751923,Recommended,330390,28001618,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Slade Strife,Such a classic and proof that we need more dreamcast games on steam!
,Recommended,330390,33295575,Posted: 5 July,all,Cid,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UgYr4OQDC20Almost 18 years after this game was originally released on the Dreamcast, Grandia II manages to remain a great RPG. Sure, the graphics are dated (albeit the HD port of this version is nice) and the unskippable cutscenes are annoying but those are really minor gripes.A fun (if simple) story, characters you can really get behind, a fun spin on your standard RPG battle system and one of the best soundtracks out there. Grandia II earns the title of ""classic"" and is worth playing."
76561198159811579,Recommended,330390,32784646,Posted: 25 June,all,Seventh Leo,The last version of this game I played was an old PC version on windows 95  and playstation 2 :D  Thankfully this version is much cleaners on both graphics and audio.  Not to mention they cleaned up a lot of the previous issues with the original game.  Love the hell out of it still!!
,Recommended,330390,17696493,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Cid_Highwind,Game upload has been fixed.Recommend this game to anyone who enjoys RPGs or JRPGs.
,Recommended,330390,20430165,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Ensaif,great storygood musichard and epic bossesone of the best jrpg gamesit's awesome
,Recommended,330390,17698344,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,sweet meme dreams,"It's Grandia. C'mon. Need I say more? Just re-living this classic again gives me the good kind of goosebumps. Definitely recommend this to any players looking to invest their time into a good RPG. You owe it to yourself to give this a try, it doesn't get any better than this.10/10.Edit: There is a technical issue for those that uses Xbox controllers, you may experience a problem with the camera as it will rotate uncontrollably counterclockwise, hope they get that fix soon. Keyboard is the only viable option for now."
,Recommended,330390,32795848,Posted: 25 June,all,dumas124,"This game is incredible. The story is engaging and fun, but more importantly the battle system is timeless. The timed combat really keeps you on your toes thinking about what the best move to make will be."
76561198083397835,Recommended,330390,33438248,Posted: 10 July,all,Alia-chan,"Having missed out on playing Grandia 2 originally, I jumped at the chance to do so on my PC. I have played Grandia way back when, and although the sequel does not share any of the characters or the world, the art style and vibrant characters and environment do seem familiar - in a good way!So, what is it about this game that makes it so that months after putting it down, it is a game I look back on with misty eyes and a headful of fun memories and wish there were more out there like it?Let's see now...You play as Ryudo, a bounty-hunter of a sell sword who will lend his blade for some coin (or free food, at times!). Now this guy, for me, he single-handedly raised the game from a pleasant experience to a hilarious one! Unlike your typical helpful hero, Ryudo always had a sarcastic remark waiting to be sprung and was more than happy to tell you what was on his mind! Whilst, this could have created a rather annoyingly obnoxious character, it did the opposite. I appreciated the honesty in his amusing quips, he did not care if you were the Pope or the princess, he was going to tell you exactly what he thought of you! He seemed to have little patience for children too, but let's be honest, who does? I'll come to some quotes from him a little later, it is best seen for yourself!A few other things worth mentioning:The visualsIt was easy on the eyes. Unlike some games I have played, whereby the blandness and greyscale worlds are literally seeping out my soul, Grandia 2 was vibrant, it was alive, it had locations where I was happy to prance about and look for things to kill. Granted, I always spent a little too long in the towns looking for people to annoy/houses to loot! So many pots to overturn!The castThe characters were interesting, well written and brought to life with some great voice acting. The ever- changing expressions on their dialogue reels were a nice touch too, Ryudo could go from looking very annoyed, to being dumbfounded, with the expressive imagery. A nice little touch taken from the original game.The combatThe combat, in my opinion is what most players will remember the game for. It does away with the random monster encounters, with the enemies visible in the world around you, giving you the option to sneak behind them for a surprise attack or... sneak by them entirely if you were not feeling the need to bloody your sword! When you are wanting to battle, you will have the ability to move your characters around the battlefield, set up attacks and abilities in such a way that you are able to interrupt or counter-attack foes – this is incredibly satisfying! To control the combat in such a way, meant you were almost always able to render some enemies useless! There is also no end of abilities, magic and special moves that you can unlock through experience gain.Summarisations!In short, I cannot recommend Grandia 2 highly enough. It has everything I love in a game and then some. The combat system and memorable cast of characters alone is a good enough reason for me to buy you all a copy! But I can't! Because, money and stuff! So, if you need any further reason to buy the game, I'll leave you with some quotes from the delightful Ryudo:His thoughts on lard-butts:Ryudo: And I don't quite get this ""blessing"" stuff. That one  lard-butt looked pretty damn blessed to me. About two hundred pounds more blessed than anyone else around here.His idea of fun:Ryudo: If your idea of fun is wading through rivers of blood, gobbets of flesh and gut fresh upon your lips, then yes, it will be fun.His thoughts on kids joining the party:Ryudo: For now. But, if you slow us down or just♥♥♥♥♥♥me off, your butt will be skipping down Lollipop Lane on its own.When dealing with NPCS:Ryudo: Cheerful folk. But, if I listened to every piece of good advice I heard, I'd have killed all of you already and run off with your gold.His stranger danger warning:Ryudo: Elena, don't talk to strangers. Besides, they could be diseased.His use of the word 'gumshoe':Ryudo: Whoa there, gumshoe! I don't recall ""hunting down reawakening God of Evil"" as being part of my job description.And he just loves kids:Ryudo: Kid, there's going to be ONE wandering spirit here real soon if you don't learn how to keep your mouth shut.When being referred to as 'his kind':Ryudo: ""My kind."" Right. I'll just sit over here and think filthy, unclean thoughts, then.No bake sales? Aww!:Ryudo: Hey! HEY! Princess! The power of Darkness isn't coming this way to tell us about the neighborhood bake sale. We need to leave!And lastly, his standpoint on giving a damn:Ryudo: ... I'm sorry, were you waiting for me to give a damn?"
76561198078274843,Recommended,330390,28188441,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Mijuku,Its the best port of the DC version. Definetely worth the grab if you can get it on sale (50% off). One of the best JRPG's of its time.
76561197989579316,Recommended,330390,17713647,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,-Ritchie-,"This is a beautifull game and a great port. There is not much difference from the original in graphics terms, well you can play the game in full hd which is good, and they did sort of colour correction. I diden´t find any bugs so far. For me everything looks right.About the gameplay, the combat system is great and original, even better than the average of the FFs, the characters are interesting, and the music is very good, this is a great JRPG. I can only recommend you to buy it."
,Recommended,330390,19816832,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Raymond,"#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorReally recommended for Classic JRPG FansAspectsRatingNoteDifficulty★★★★☆4 star is a standard difficulty for RPG. There are normal and hard option. It's not too hard.Gameplay★★★★☆Easy to understand and some tactical move in battle make the game more addictiveGraphic★★★★☆It's better though it's an old game. Good news, it has graphic option settingSecret★★★☆☆You know what you should do with RPG, read the walkthroughSound★★★★☆Almost perfect, there are some timing flaws on dubbing partStory★★★★☆The story will fulfill your wish as a JRPG fansPros+ Classic and great JRPG !+ Great story and gameplayCons- Don't expect too much for the graphic, it's an old game. You have to turn off some graphic option if you have some bug / freeze.- Some flaws in dub timing."
,Recommended,330390,17701644,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Autumnal,"It's Grandia 2, and I can play it on Windows 10 without issue.  My wireless 360 controller works perfectly.  It looks and sounds exactly like how I remember it when I played it 15 years ago.  It's one of my favorite RPG's, and I really recommend it to all RPG fans, JRPG or other.   The story and characters are very memorable, and I personally adore the voice acting.   I liked it so much when I was younger, I still remember that Ryudo's actor is Cam Clarke.I'm so glad I can play this again, thank you."
76561198074803078,Recommended,330390,17699802,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Ranjefly,"One of the Best Rpg that I've played :)+Story+Characters+Gameplay especially the battle system+Rpg Nostalgicness+Great port(With Keyboard support,Gamepad,Full screen just uncheck the aspect ration,Many Resolutions to choose from,Hard Mode)+TENKAISEN SLASH!!!+Steam Achievements and Trading Cards30fps lock-It does not matter because its really playable and smoothI just wish it includes the ost ;P*This is not a remake that's why the graphics are kinda similar with the previous versionsI hope we got some old Rpg like this on steam. Grandia,Lunar,Tales,Xenogears,Dragon Warrior,Suikoden,Chrono series :)))"
,Recommended,330390,17697267,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Bonefoot,It's ♥♥♥♥ing Grandia.
,Recommended,330390,17838204,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,foreignreign,"As good as I remember it back on the Dreamcast years ago. Has some odd glitches that don't really effect gameplay, but I attribute that to how the engine handles being ported over and not an issue with the game itself, per se.Definitely recommend this game for anyone who likes JRPGs."
76561198036073589,Recommended,330390,17868111,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Imiak,"Well, what to say? Grandia II was the very first JRPG I ever played (the old PC port) and I stuck with playing these types of games ever since. My opinion of the game is quite certainly heavily influenced by feelings of nostalgia...That said, I'd still recommend playing this game, with some caveats:- The game is extremely linear. There are no sidequests to speak of and you basically play along a straight line. Backtracking is also usually not possible, so it's quite easy to miss a few things. This is common in JRPGs and I don't really mind, but other people might.- Character development follows the established tropes in JRPGs very closely. That's not necessarily a bad thing, but don't expect a whole lot of character depth.-  Same goes for the story. It isn't terribly original and not exactly ground-breaking storytelling. That doesn't mean that it is bad by any means, mind you.- In ""normal"" mode the game isn't too much of a challenge. On the plus side, heavy grinding really isn't necessary, the game is perfectly beatable in a straight playthrough.- The graphics are outdated. They do look better than ever in this port, but they nevertheless clearly show their age. 3D games from earlier eras of gaming generally don't age well and Grandia II is sadly no exception (keep in mind that this is a port, not a remake!).- The port does suffer from a number of bugs. I can't really comment on most of them, since I (for whatever reason) did not experience any game-breaking bugs or glitches. The developers did release some patches since the game went online, so there might still be some more fixes coming in the future.The main attaction of Grandia II is - as many commenters already wrote - the stellar battle system. It's basically one of a kind in JRPGs and mixes elements of action and turn-based combat in an extremely engaging way. The Grandia series as a whole has still no match in this regard and - to be perfectly honest - it has been practically the sole reason for me to go ahead and re-play this game on Steam.For those who are interested: Grandia I is available on the PlayStation Network while Grandia III, which has a much weaker story and extremely cheesy characters, but the most refined battle system of the series, has sadly only ever been released on the PlayStation 2 in the US."
,Recommended,330390,29604032,Posted: 31 January,all,Λ ChrisZPR,"Grandia 1 was the first game id played as a kid that made me actually FEEL something, and I didnt even know there was a sequel until I stumbled across this. I coudln't believe it, and it was a pretty damn good follow up. Grandia 1 ""Anniversary"" when?"
76561198006313653,Recommended,330390,17709827,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Underwear Queen,"Playable to a certain extend because of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ bugs.Didn't crash as of yet, but there are terrible audio issues to be solved.For new buyers: never talk to the tutorial guy, there's a bug with him that bugs monster and boss AI.I reccommend the game, but the port needs a lot of polishing."
,Recommended,330390,28350947,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Cooler,"10/10 game for jrpg enthusiast with a love for a turn based battle system with  little twist, nice story, nice nostalgia, cheap, can recommend it to all the old school madafackas"
76561198062530471,Recommended,330390,28761765,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,marioq82,"Good battle system fitting of a classic JRPG:  Check!Bad-boy protagonist with a heart on a quest to save the world:  Check!A motley crew of characters:  Check!Cookie cotter storyline with a ""love conquers all"" theme and a battle with some malevolent evil:  Check!Storyline full of plot holes:  Check!Cheesy script with overdramatic voice acting:  Check!Super-long battle animations without the ability to skip them:  Check!Gauntlet of long, unnecessary dungeons and battles with all previous bosses before FINALLY getting to the final boss:  Check, Check!!Having to battle multiple variations of the final boss just because:  ...No, fortunately none of that.9/10"
76561198055616363,Recommended,330390,22698895,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Decimation Nation,"After tooling around with the game and seeing nothing but crashes on Windows 10, I decided to open up the game folder and set ""grandia2.exe"" as well as ""Grandia2Launcher.exe"" to Windows 7 compability mode. Since then, after 7 more hours of gameplay, the game has not crashed once. Coincidence? Maybe, but for now I'm changing my review to a positive one. Great gameplay and revitalized graphics make this one a must play IF you can manage to eliminate crashing!* Below is the original NEGATIVE review *(Review based on Windows 10 experience)Let me preface by saying I was very excited to pick this up on Steam as I hadn't had the opportunity to play it previously.The first 2 times I loaded the game and played I had zero issues and found it very enjoyable. The 3rd time, and every subsequent time after the game just crashes, in a wide variety of ways.  Sometimes I'll enter a battle and the game will just go back to the start screen instead of the battle, other times I'll finish the battle and then the game will just completely crash and want to send an error report.These crashes happen so frequently that I refuse to waste my time repeating the same game segments over and over only for the game to crap its pants before I have the chance to save, or live in constant fear that I'm going to lose a ton of progress. This, of course, has to start happening after I've played long enough that I can no longer refund it. Judging by other reviews, I'm not the only person having these issues. I can't really recommend purchasing until these bugs are worked out."
76561198091190548,Recommended,330390,17719340,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,david.spellman,"I'm amazed at how well this game has aged. If you're looking for a good JRPG on Steam, this is your holy grail. Extremely fun battle system and character upgrade mechanics, great story with well-developed and likeable characters, and overall just a fantastic game. Nice features for the rerelease too, such as the hard mode, graphics options, button mapping, and a Japanese voice track option. I've been a gamer for over 25 years and Grandia II easily makes my top 20 greatest games of all time list. If you are a JRPG fan this is a must-buy, don't even think about it. Buy this game and enjoy!"
,Recommended,330390,17700159,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Riki,"Once I heard about the remaster coming to Steam I was really excited. Been a fan of Grandia ever since I got my hands on Grandia 1 for the psx. This has optimized to run pretty great and I loved getting back into Grandia 2 since the Dreamcast version was released. The main problems I've seen so far in this version is that it crashes from time to time, nothing too bad.Pros:- Hard Mode- English/Japanese voice options- MSAA Capable (Up to x8)Cons:- Crashes from time to time, heard that they have been fixing the issues though- Skye is still annoying as hell!9.5/10"
,Recommended,330390,17700099,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,bon3z,"SO much fun! the fighting system is amazing for such an old game! Can´t say it´s a pretty, HD cant hide the fact that it´s a 15 year old Game but its golden where it counts."
76561198100769215,Recommended,330390,24506444,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,[死] Booker DeWitt,"It was the first JRPG i've ever played and was in love with it since then. Great story,amazing music and awesome special moves. Can't get enough. Definitely give it a try!"
,Recommended,330390,25277378,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Silence,"This game is a classic RPG and its held up very well over time. While I do wish we could change aspect ratios and that the cutscene videos held up better at higher resolutions, these things can easily be ignored when compared to the amount of fun that can be had from such a gem. Anyone looking for a fun JRPG should check this game out.I used to play the PS2 version of the game and I've played this game several times over. Its combat system was pretty unique for its time and its still fun even today. The music in the game is amazing and the story isn't bad and will generally keep your attention as well. The graphics do look better comparatively to older versions of the game (particularly the console versions), though the graphics themselves are dated by today's standards. That said, if you are just focusing on graphics for a game like this, then you are really missing out on the fun and overall charm of this game.I highly recommend getting this game. Compliments to the publisher, GungHo, for actually making a working/stable port of the game to Steam."
76561198024050400,Recommended,330390,29367156,Posted: 19 January,all,iHugTrees ^_^,"Played many RPGs, and this has one of the well thought out story.  The gameplay and battles are a bit dated.  But the story kept me going to find out more.  Another positive is the non-random battles; I can remember the layout of each map better, and track where I've been.The final bosses were epic.  Died many times.  Overall, it reminds me of Chrono Trigger in quality of the storylines (which has been my fav, and I've played it 3 times).  Thank you to Game Arts for the deep, touching story.Game has often crashed for some players.  I turned off '60hz frame rate' and it didn't crash even once for me.  Very thankful.  Hope the new devs fix it for those players."
76561198034522886,Recommended,330390,22665163,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,oscelot,"i'm just another 30 year old playing a game i loved fifteen years ago... everything they say is true, the plot is one of the best you'll find in any RPG, making up for a lack of anything resembling a side quest or mini-game. the combat system is also very fun, allowing you to switch magic around between characters and also giving every battle a unique experience with the command/act/cancel ability effects. some of my favorite characters from any video game come from Grandia II, my personal favorite is Tio, the robot who learns who to ascend over her destiny to become a tool for evil. playing this game again as an adult has given me a die-hard appreciation for this game, and for some reason i don't hate Millenia as much, either. so happy to have the chance to play this game again with enhanced textures but my ONE COMPLAINT is: please give the sprites faces!!!!!!!! sigh. well, despite its flaws, Grandia II is a game i loved as a teen, and can enjoy reliving and reexamining as an adult. recommended to anyone who loves final fantasy but may find their combat mechanics a bit on the boring side. i wish Grandia would make a new installment because i actually enjoed III as well...."
,Recommended,330390,17751051,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,chinadoll12,"Is this really a 15 year old game?  I know there has been some ire about re-releasing old games on Steam.  However this remaster is GOOD.  Like really good.  This game was ahead of its time on the PS2 and Dreamcast,and its graphics still hold up to this day.  I do remember some of the puzzling of this game back from when I couldnt stop playing my PS2 version.I initially purchased the game for nostalgia value.  I have said repeatedly that Grandia and Grandia 2 are the best JRPGs in the business.  Even to this day.  I hold it in higher regard than Final Fantasy however its all up to taste.  So I am very biased in favor of this game.The characters are memorable,they evolve and have depth.  So many games have such formulaic characters that refuse to change and fit into just one stereotype.  This one I actually care about the characters.  And that includes the background characters.The combat system feels like your typical turn based JRPG.  The controls for me are a little unintuitive,however after playing it does become natural.Dont let my playtime fool you, I leave the game on so I can pick it up in small parts.  If I recall correctly, I'm about 1/3 of the way through the game.  So I would consider this game, if you're a completionist and a world explorer... I would say this game would be about 20 hours of enjoyment.  This game makes me want to explore its world,   Exploration usually leads to more loot in the form of gold,usable items for combat,or even weapons/armor.One thing I did notice.  Very early in the game in the mountains,  I encountered a fairly annoying audio bug.  I had to take off my headset and missed some dialogue in this section.  The problem went away when I left that zone.I like the way this game pauses if you tab out of it.  I do this frequently, and I'm returned to my game.  Just as I left it from the tab out.  Combat wont progress without your input and even on some of the denser parts, you may want to tab out of your game while the combat happens.  I would have liked to have seen a way to speed up combat, or to be able to tab out of the game during combat sequences.  I wouldnt have used it, I just would think for some it would be a nice feature.All in all, I love this game.  I rave to anyone who would listen that I love this game.  And I'm so glad its back."
76561198042134572,Recommended,330390,17702937,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Pynn,"This game coming to Steam says good things for JRPG lovers maybe Square will help open the doorway for many other classics. That being said this game as a stand alone is fantastic, the story is incredible and the battle system still withstands the test of time. If you are a JRPG fan you will love this game, or if you are new to JRPGs and just want a good game this is a good place to start."
,Recommended,330390,17711133,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,-=NAM=-Tanekoden,"I really loved Grandia 2 when I played it on PS2, despite the excessive slowdown. It's good to see a port of it on PC with sharper visuals.Though I have encountered some bugs. For some reason, the game won't detect my Logitec controller, eventhough its switched to xBox mode, but the config menu will detect it.  Also, in the beginning of the game I encountered a bug in the first fight with Millenia. She is supposed to cast Zap and kill you, but she never does.  She just keeps casting the attack down spell until her mana runs out, and then proceeds to physical attack you until you die, which gives you a game over.Apparently, this bug has to do with the tutorial NPC.  So, if you MUST see the tutorial stuff, SAVE and then talk to him and reload after you view it. DO NOT TALK TO THE TUTORIAL NPC AND CONTINUE AS IT WILL CAUSE BUGS!"
,Recommended,330390,17711498,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,aselnor,"Great, 1 hour of play and a bug when millenia fight, impossible to go further...Edit: ok equip a new weapon smash the bug !"
76561198052300408,Recommended,330390,25434198,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Xenicz85,"Finally i completed this game!Now i have a very strange feeling...Is this ""Heart-to-Heart""...?I feel so peaceful.Why is this? I am so happy, but...You are only supposed to cry when upset.right?"
76561198151444895,Recommended,330390,25085794,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Lilpoetboy,"Played this on Dreamcast, never got the chance to finish. But man, what a trip this game is. I absolutly love this JRPG, probably one of the top 10 classics of all time in my book and I play most every jrpg. Controls are great, story is cute, pretty much feels as if I'm 16 playing this on my Dreamcast for the first time."
,Recommended,330390,17706175,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,CeriaL KillA,"Honostly I like Grandia 2 more then Final Fantasy, ye i said it. The characters are awesome, great story, and pretty big game. One of those video games that I can proudly call a true classic!"
76561198010547947,Recommended,330390,17700311,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Voilfadian,"For the record, I played this game when it came out on Sega Dreamcast.This game has one of the best combat system that I have ever seen in an R.P.G.The combat system is real time/turn based.You can cancel ennemy attacks by landing a critical hit or a special attack (critical hit are a type of attack you can use).The game rewards you for killing the ennemy without getting hit by an ennemy.It has plenty of bosses and ennemies to kill.Boss fights are challenging.The combat and skill system is divided in 3 different sections: skills, skillbooks and mana eggs (magic)With the skill system you can customize your characters any way you want.It has an interesting and long story with great characters.The story takes a long time to be completed.The game has an amazing soundtrack.12/10 will play for the 20th time*Edit:The graphics as been enhanced but there is a slight delay with sound and the picture during cutscenes. This port just came out so expect a few bugs like this."
,Recommended,330390,17700815,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,iReC,"""Most bad guys aren't gonna stop killing you if you're trying to kiss their ouchies."" -Ryudo10/10 Best RPG Ever"
,Recommended,330390,17709552,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,DRUNK_CANADIAN,"Grandia II Anniversary Edition is the same great game you know and love. It is a JRPG with active battle elements and a 3D field of combat which give it a unique edge, even for those not seeking its retro appeal. The story is a bit cliche start to finish, although it does offer a fair bit of entertainment and the voiceacting is good (both versions). The only downfalls to this game are that it is, for all intents and purposes a lazy port, 30fps locked, minimal settings for the game itself, and is much more playable with a controller (so much so that after fumbling around with mouse and keyboard I gave up and plugged a controller in). Overall Grandia II's quality and classic experience compensate for these shortcomings and earn it a full recommendation."
76561197978392615,Recommended,330390,17824320,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,ILoveMeSomeGame,"I am a hardcore Grandia 2 fan. It is my favorite Grandia game by far and I have played it countless times on the Dreamcast. The battle system is amazing and I love all the characters in this game so much.There is a newly added hard more and 60 fps battles added in this version. Plus, the slightly improved textures look pretty good. But, the game does not go too far with the graphical overhaul because the developers wanted to keep the feel of the original intact. And I believe they suceeded.There were some audio problems when the game was first released, but they have since added in some audio options to fix them. Save your time and use these options. They are very similar to the original dreamcast game.Music Volume-65Speech Volume-85Sound Effects Volume-40Ambience Volume-60Footstep Volume-20This is one of those classic JRPGs that never gets old!! I highly recommend getting this game if you have never played a Grandia game before. Keep em coming!!*Updated*After finishing the PC version of the game. I would like to add that there are quite a few graphical glitches and sound glitches that I ran into. In some cutscenes part of the screen was cut off where effects would not be shown and in a few areas sound effects would not stop playing when they should. Also, in one area, while walking around the map my speakers started screeching over and over again until I got into a battle.There was also one time when the game went back to the title screen when I entered a battle. Luckily I had just saved it.Nothing game-breaking, but I would still say that I believe this game is a step below the original dreamcast version because of these minor glitches."
76561198163620730,Recommended,330390,25695550,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Possum King,"Grandia 2 Anniversary Edition is an old classic J.R.P.G. with a fresh coat of HD paint.The story(30+ hours) that drives the game is great, though very similar to that of Final Fantasy X.The combat is turned based, but still fun, and the game ran great overall except for one thing mentioned below.I did encounter a game breaking glitch(freeze), that kept me from beating one of the final bosses near the end of the game.  I reloaded and tried it two more times and met the same result.  Months later when I came back to the game, the glitch didnt happen and I was able to finish the game.  I believe one or more updates outside of the game fixed it(windows 10 or radeon graphics card update).I would recommend this game to fans of old classic R.P.G.'s ON or OFF sale."
76561198128211989,Recommended,330390,30992423,Posted: 7 April,all,Demnar,I fell in love with Grandia in high school and can never get enough or replaying it.My favourite part besides the story is the battle engine.I would definitely enjoy games with the same battle engine.The music is another great bonus.When I saw the Anniversary Edition I just had to get it
76561198073960317,Recommended,330390,17869531,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,mcs300,"Still the game I remember it but there needs to be some changes. Get the music synced right! The music is way out of sync throught the game I've played so far. Also, lower the pc specs of this game. I mean c'mon! this is a game on the dream cast. It doesn't need all the specs. Even an emulated dreamcast version plays better than this game. So get the music synced and fix the pc specs and the game will be perfect the way it once was 15 years ago."
76561198005342010,Recommended,330390,30461918,Posted: 11 March,all,Prismatic Bard,"I remember playing this game in high school, but never finishing it since I was playing it on a friend's console. However, the initial port to this game was bugged with out of sync voices, glitchy framerate, and spells effects that froze the game, such as it was reported in Millenia's first appearance. Today, after a few months of letting this dissapointment gather dust, it's safe to say, the issues are gone and the game runs smoothly. Glad to see the initial kinks were figured out and i can finally finish this wonderful game, albeit a decade or so later."
,Recommended,330390,17703991,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Dri,"God damn classic, if you couldn't get this on the Dreamcast or PS2 when it was current, get it now.Be warned there's a few issues right now-- XBOX controllers may need fiddling with Windows settings (in your control panel, under the devices section, right click your gamepad, properties, and make sure older games are set to use your controller), some music occasionally restarts in town, and sound effects are way too loud. Assuming they'll patch that pretty quickly though, it's not a big deal."
76561198046292253,Recommended,330390,23946524,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Orgos,"I just recently beat this game, and I have to say it was a very fun experience, I love older jrpgs where you would control a whole party of characters and individually pick and issue commands and most importantly the ability to grind lvls and overwhelm the bosses when you finally encounter them. I had only played grandia 3 back on the PS2 years ago, and I never beat it and barely remember it. one thing I I liked about this games features was the ability to use certain abilities or select ""critical attack command"" to set the enemy back on its turn,  best used right at the last moment when they are about to attack as you could set them back very far in the turn order and potentially save a party members life. your version of magic in this game comes from ""Mana Eggs"" you get several throughout the game and you level them up by using 'Magic coins"" you get from monsters. You start out with few spells and some are greyed out but as you spend more coins upgrading the spells you have to max other spells become available. In order to upgrade combat skills you use ""skill coins"" Its the same as magic except each character has there own special unique skills that can be upgraded. The game is somewhat linear in the department of finding items, I've read people say there are no secret items but there are a few hidden behind roots in caves etc.. You can miss weapons and some armor if running straight through certain areas but for the most part you can back track though unlike Final Fantasy there's no airship so be prepared to hoof it. Overall most things you miss you wont really need. By the end of the game I really only needed to use my items near the last area bosses. I would say I only died 3 times overall, for me the difficulty was kind of random on bosses, some harder than others while some only hitting me one time before Ii locked them in and never let them attack and killed them. As far as replay there is a more difficult mode to play and Japanese voices if you prefer. Overall I really enjoyed this game, and compared to the slew of games that disappoint us today I think this game especially on sale is worth your time."
,Recommended,330390,29536750,Posted: 28 January,all,Psychic Kitty,"woo this game is a favortie of mine.  Came out on Dreamcast and Playstation...though the playstation version had some weird issues.Anywise this is actualy a good game....it came at a time when it seamed like every game i played had a tragic ending.  Seriously....build up a love story then someone either dies, turns into a tree or worse....that was alot of games at the time.This one has what i call a good ending....its not tragic and makes you wonder if if there would be a sequel or what happens to your favortie characters.ANywise i digress.  Gaphics onthis verison are excellent.  great job on updating....though i dont want to be too mena....dreamcast games where disigned for real high resolution...soo...not surprised.Music is as good as the dreamcast...yes that was better then the playstation music which just wasnt as good...not sure why.This is a combination of action and turn based so it can get you bogged down with that.On draw back is this game is very linear....there is only one spot you can go off the path to get extra stuff.....otherwise back onthe path of the story you go....The main character...is a jerk..i wont lie....the story is the typical...he is some form of hunter/scout/whatever....who gets embroiled into a plot with a cute blond girl who isnt too smart....sooo...as typical he feels he has to help....but dresses up that fact in that he tells people he is a more mercenary type person.....eventualy along the way he runs into others...who help out....etc etc....all the while as the plot unfolds....the would be not wanting to a be a hero becomes a hero.The interesting thing about this game....is that it has an interesting plot.....where you may think it will be another tragedy waiting to unfold type game.....but instead...all the characters pull a myrical out at the end...becasue they really are just that good.I dont know why i like this sort of genre....but due ot the fact this game doesnt have a tragic ending i liked it.On my snooze scale this game actualy kept my attention....the jokes where ok...the tempo and pacing though where good enough to make me want to keep playing.  And then the ending was excellent.I highly recommend peopel to try this game if they like RPGs."
76561198063186666,Recommended,330390,17699238,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,shane.jenkins2,Classic JRPG I Absolutly love Grandia games bringS back fantastic memories!!! highly recommened.
,Recommended,330390,17705097,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Vamistle,"The original Grandia stole my heart when it debuted on the Playstation. Grandia 2 was a must-have follow up. Set in the same rich world with a fantastic light versus darkness element to it but an all new cast, an all new story, and the absolutely outstanding musical accompanyment courtesy of Noriyuki Iwadare... there's very little to not like about this game. The port is amazing. I can't wait to see more Game Arts Classics released by Gung Ho. This game is worth every cent you drop down.Gung Ho, if you're listening, Lunar AND Lunar 2 need to be both released! It's about time Eternal Blue finds its way outside of Sega CD & PS1."
,Recommended,330390,17993468,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,NeoRizer,"The only problem with this series is that it suffers from James Cameron syndrome... meaning the first one is OH-KAY.... I guess.... The second installment [in this case, Grandia II] is mind blowing and the 3rd one falls flat and plummets the entire franchise, and everything they built up to this point, in to obscurity.This is one of the top tier RPG's made in the history of man, it's up there with Final Fantasy 6 and 7, Skies of Arcadia, Tales of Destiny, Dragon Quest 8... etc. If you haven't experienced it, even in it's outdated and poor Dreamcast port quality, you're sorely missing out.This was one of the first RPG's to have really clean, crisp 3D graphics, some fully voice acted scenes that gave life and personality to it's characters and a battle system that is fun, casual and can also be really deep. The story is drivel and cliche but it tells that tired old tale of good vs evil very well and at the time really pushed the religious envelope."
76561197961317324,Not Recommended,330390,22399679,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Westify,"Grandia 2 is a great game that offers a solid JRPG experience with adding some nice improvements to this PC version.- 60fps battles- Resolution scaling with AA support- Widescreen supportBy all accounts it should be the definitive version of the game.  Unfortunately it has massive issues with constant crashes and no longer seems to be getting patches to help resolve it, can't recommend it due to not being playable in this state,"
76561198071222946,Recommended,330390,22981709,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Grimmer Wolfwood,"Great game, even more if you like all that late 90s/early 00s JRPG feeling."
76561197977381633,Recommended,330390,19861269,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Drazen,"Now this is a blast from the past. Originally an exclusive to the ill-fated Dreamcast, then reappearing as a an unoptimized port on PS2 and PC. It's good to finally see Grandia II come back to PC and look better than ever. I spent many hours over the years playing this game and this is definitely the best way to play it. Shame it doesn't come with the sweet soundtrack the Dreamcast version did. So how does it stack up?Grandia II is standard JRPG fare. Just done exceptionally well. You get attached to the characters, the dialog is fantastic, serious when it needs to be, heartfelt at times, and hilarious more often than you would think. You'll follow Ryudo, a Geohound (bounty hunter), on his quest to protect a nagging princess for money. What starts off as a simple job becomes you and your newfound friends in a war against God and the Devil.Let's talk a bit about the gameplay. Which is one of my favorite aspects of this. It works by having a bar in the righthand side of the screen, Your party and the enemy party share this bar, your party and the enemy will wait 3/4 of the way through it and then you can select an action. From here you can select a combo attack (standard attack), critical attack (a single hit that has a Cancel effect), spells, and special moves. Once you've selected your choice, your character will take action. Immediately if a Combo or Critical is selected, or if a Spell or Special is selected, you will need to charge it up. During this time is where the Critical attack comes in handy with it's cancel effect. If enemies are charging up a devestating special, land a Critical, and stop them in their tracks. The enemy will be forced to stop and have to wait to start charging their attack again. This comes in handy and rewards you for having good timing by locking your enemies down.You'll also find a standard levelling system with EXP gained at the end of each battle. However, in addition to money you also get Special and Magic coins. These you can spend to level up individual skills and spells for your party. Each character has a set of specials that can be levelled up five times. At the max level, the specials become much quicker to cast, lowering your chance of them being cancelled during battle. Your spells are used by equipping an Egg to a character. These eggs can be swapped between any character and will contain an assortment of different spells. Each spell can also be levelled up to 5 for quicker cast times. This gives you the freedom to prioritize how you want your characters to play out. In addition to specials and spells, you will obtain Skill books in the game. These books, allow you to level up buffs that you can equip to your party members. The Skill books will also use your Special and Magic coins so make sure you use them wiselyThis being a remastered version, you would think the graphics would be a bit more touched up than they are. Textures remain largely the same, characters still don't have mouths, it still looks like an older game. I'm currently playing this on a Surface Book with i7/dGPU. Even well over 1080p, the game does run very well, 30fps locked overworld, 60fps battles. Shadows have been overhauled for this release and are considerably more accurate than the Dreamcast/PS2 versions. Up to 8x AntiAliasing is available as well. All things considered, it looks good for what it is.On the technical side, there have been some issues. The game sometimes doesn't like controllers. Personally had issues getting an Xbox One controller to work on it originally. I ended up having to reinstall the drivers for the controller and it now works as it should. There have been times where I've had the audio glitch out for a brief moment. In my 16 hours so far, maybe only a couple times. Gung-Ho has been good about getting the game patched up and I don't expect many issues to linger.All in all. If you like JRPG's, you really can't go wrong with Grandia II. It's not the longest game ever. My original playtime on Dreamcast when I was 13 was clocked in around 25-30 hours. Regardless of length, you're getting a great story, a fun battle system with quite a bit of customization, in a great presentation. This game has always been a bit of an overlooked gem and I really hope with this release it gets the attention it deserves."
,Recommended,330390,21228511,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Heavy Machinery,"Grandia II's story starts off harmlessly enough with the hot-headed protagonist doing a small odd job or two here and there but then gets a bit more serious until the revelations and twists come on later making for a very nice overall story. A cast of very good characters throughout just makes the story even better. It also doesn't hurt that the game is absolutely beautiful and runs at 60fps (though, sadly only in battle). A high-quality inventory and item management system both with plenty of depth. Best of all is Grandia II's battle system (WHICH IS TO DIE FOR). Also, can't forget the neat music.Some drawbacks: Audio can be a bit messy sometimes, the camera in the field is too close up, voice acting is a bit hit or miss. The game is also a bit easy (assuming you're experienced with these kinds of RPGs, I recommend playing on Hard)."
76561198150931046,Recommended,330390,21819283,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,snowstorm125,"Grandia 2 has one of the best turn based battle systems iv played.story was great.characters were great.skills were fun to learn,awesome game."
,Recommended,330390,20861032,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,mstrbubbles,"What can I say that everyone else hasn't already? Great game, buy it if you like JRPGs, and haven't played it before... or even if you have played it before."
76561198019418044,Recommended,330390,17826034,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Keneo18,"How could anyone not love this game? Updated visuals is the only change that was need to this classic, Next one to update is Grandia 1 :)"
,Recommended,330390,17829957,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Phoenix [B²],"One of my all time favorite RPGs from the PS2 era, redone with higher resolution. Awesome."
,Recommended,330390,17830025,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Inconspicuous,"Hands down my favorite game from my all-time favorite system, the Dreamcast.  To aynone wanting  a solid RPG experience with a good story and awesome cast of characters, look no further than Grandia 2!"
76561198089806536,Recommended,330390,17835795,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Kahaj,"Its Grandia II, Its a Dreamcast classic. If you know it, buy it. If you don't, give it a try. I'm only having trouble with the sound (sometimes the volume is a little too loud), otherwise ,it's great."
,Recommended,330390,17853541,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Katar,"Ahh the Dreamcast. Like that pony the Dreamcast was the system I wanted as a kid but never got. I still remember seeing the ads and thinking that it was one of the coolest things ever. It was the hip new console that appealed to the younger crowd and caused N64 kids like me to look on with amazement and wonder. But then the PlayStation 2 came along and my household along with every other kids I knew at the time picked up that instead and the Dreamcast became an nostalgic forgotten memory.But enough reminiscing, I didn't even know this game existed but remembered hearing exceptional things about it. It was always a common contender in 'top 10 hidden gems'-esq lists that I remembered reading so when I saw it on steam I'd thought I would pick it up to relive some old memories after reading about it a little.PROSCombat while taking a while to get the hang of is greatThe story while cheesy at some points is still loveable in that old school RPG nostalgic wayGreat SoundtrackThe Redone effects are nice from what I can tell. I never played the original Dreamcast or PC versions, but the graphics still have that early 3D disk game look that will bring back some memories. Also they give you the choices of a Japanese voice or English voice option. The Japanese voices are supposedly better acted, but the English voices are just fine if you're like me and don't mind the cheese at some points with actors hilariously overacting lines.All around RPG goodnessCONSThe keyboard controls are horrid, controller definitely recommended. While it's not unplayable and you can rebind keys to make a manageable keyboard setup, it's just something to take into mind.Remember this was the late 1990/early 2000's where everything was HIP 2 THE XTREME and covered in flame decals while riding a skateboard. It was a different time where video game heroes tried to appeal to appeal to a younger audience by being hip and edgy. It's not really a con, but something to consider - don't go into this thinking it's like current RPGs of today.Some minor graphical lockups here and there.Ending NotesThere's just not much bad to say about Grandia 2. It's a solid addition to any RPGs fans library or anyone looking to go back to the classic early 2000's days."
,Recommended,330390,17856276,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,skullman,"This game is exactly as I remember it from 15 years ago. The plot, animations, graphics, dialogue, pretty much EVERYTHING is top notch from 15 years ago. Don't get me wrong, I'm not bashing the game because of how dated everything is. It's one of my favourite RPGs of all time and it holds a place in my heart as the first RPG with ""semi-mature"" content matter that I beat.Not only that, but this game is also pretty much a reunion of voice actors from the original Metal Gear Solid! Cam Clarke (Liquid Snake) as Ryudo, Paul Eiding (Col. Campbell) as Skye, Jennifer Hale (Dr. Naomi Hunter) as Elena, Peter Lurie (Vulcan Raven) as Mareg, and Kim Mai Guest (Mei Ling) as Tio. Other Metal Gear voice actors include John Cygan (Solidus Snake, Metal Gear Solid 2) as Melfice, and Richard Doyle (The Fury, Metal Gear Solid 3) as Zera. Too bad there was no vocal appearace of David Hayter anywhere in this game, but it's still pretty awesome.So all in all, this game is a must-buy!"
,Recommended,330390,17858793,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,TonyTalkSick,"The BEST game to come out for Dreamcast, now on Steam! What?! Yes! Though there is nostalgia-factor involved, the updated, shiny graphics helps. I will say though, looking back as a kid, I was more patient with the unskippable, long-winded dialogue. But it was a character-developing, story-driven RPG. Still, the combat mechanics were ahead of their time and could only really be matched by the ""Tales"" saga (eg. Tales of Symphonia)."
,Recommended,330390,17861894,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Darxion,"This is going to an obvious buy for anyone who is a fan of all the Grandia games for sure. Do I recommend the game to others? Sure. The visuals have been bumped up, ever so slightly but sometimes it looks choppy as you would expect from a Dreamcast game upscaled to HD. The English acting can sometimes be cringeworthy but I enjoy it for nostalgia reasons. The gameplay is fun and unlike a lot of games today, requires a little bit of thought against tougher opponents. I am not far into the game but I did play an earlier version of the game, PS2 I believe it was. Don't buy this game with the hope of a fresh new style of gameplay. This game is going to cater to those who want to take a trip down nostalgia lane(In terms of gameplay) or fans of the game series itself. I think the port is great. I did have a bit of trouble with the controller but that could be because I use a PS4 controller so the inputs might be a bit odd. I did fix that issue though and even if I didn't fix it I wouldn't put the game down for that reason as it is just as easy to play with a keyboard and mouse.Pretty decent. 8/10"
,Recommended,330390,17721945,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Johiden Wolf,"Ah the memories, I played this waaaaay back in the days of the Sega Dreamcast, and boy it was amazing and still holds true till this day. I don't recall if I beat it or not, but I do remember playing it on Playstation as well. Playing through this game helps relive the days of the Playstation RPGs, and I recommend this game to all who wish to relive that time. Now and days good RPGs are kinda run of the mill. Everyone is so focused on graphics we lose focus on what truely matters, the story. Gameplay as well, but does the story capture you and encourage you to play through it? This game is amazing. I am glad they ported it to the PC. Minus the bugs it has. Play it! Enjoy it! Relive the past!"
76561198126906851,Recommended,330390,21266201,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Sko,Best game WW
,Recommended,330390,17853643,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Akendolfr,"In this Steam Anniversary edition, there is a extra level of difficulty as you progress through the story and attempt to save the game before it crashes."
76561198041122217,Recommended,330390,18203688,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,purebredwoody,"This was one of the very first JRPGs I ever played. I used to pretend to be Ryudo when I was a child, this is a very nostalgic game for me.Likes.- Japenese voices XD- Combat system- Great Sound Track- Good story elements- Light love story- TENSEIKEN SLASH!!!Dislikes.- Not much of a challenge (probably because I beat it on all the platforms it was ever released on...)- Keyboard controls are kinda ehh. (Though I know a controller would remedy this.)- The skill upgrade system is very boring. Collect coins, upgrade $#!+, Collect MOAR coins, upgrade MOAR $#!+rinse and repeat.- Roan's. English. Voice. (EXPECT AN EARLY WINTER! WITH LOTS OF SNOW XD!!!!![Even though Snowball Fight is the bee's knees])All in all, good and bad, I absolutley love this game. If you like JRPGs then you probably will too. I Highly recommend this title."
,Recommended,330390,20912667,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,ArtificialRaven,"I'm writing this review based on the assumption you've played or seen the original Dreamcast or Playstation 2 port of the game. This game had a rocky release on steam with a few gamebreaking bugs, crashes, audio problems, etc. The game has been patched multiple times now and seems to be about as perfect as it's going to get.This port is amazing. GungHo has done a great job with it. Every texture is improved and looks vibrant & crisp. The sound quality is improved and an option to change English/Japanese dubbing has been added as well. Combat can now be played at 60 frames per second which was not possible in the Dreamcast or PS2 versions and it's truly something to be seen.GungHo should be looked up to as an example of how to do PC ports of old games correctly with this entry."
,Recommended,330390,32880110,Posted: 27 June,all,Weezy,I first bought this game for the Dreamcast back in the 90's. AMAZING game. I was not expecting just how good it would be. Way ahead of it's time in graphics and gameplay. Probably one of my most underrated games of all time right next to Legends of Dragoon.This is a must buy for any fan of the RPG genre/Final Fantasy games.
,Recommended,330390,22580153,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Riskbreaker J,"A good enchanced port of the Classic Dreamcast Game. Much better than the PS2 port, smoother frame rate and less graphical glitches than that port. Those who want try a classic Grandia RPG or JRPG in general for the PC, should check this one out. Can't go wrong,  its one of the best titles in the series."
76561197985874144,Recommended,330390,22624958,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,RcIzEvil,This is my all time favorite rpg and I was so surprised to see it get rereleased. I am very happy with how the updated graphics look athough certain animations are still not upsacled. I cant stop playing and I highly reccomend it if you also used to enjoy it back in the day.
76561197987141309,Recommended,330390,22641979,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Stark Malark,If you like Grandia 2 its worth revisiting on this port.The textures are excellent and everything is well done.I have had a few crashes but nothing major.
76561198104323133,Recommended,330390,22784178,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,butt,"Besides the bugs the only real problem I have is the slowdown, lag and how slow the battles are and people walking in cutscenes.Some bugs were the music cutting off for a few seconds every minute and the game freezing sometimes"
76561198102388315,Recommended,330390,22738042,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,JovialHelpill,"Ever since it's initial release on Dreamcast, I've gone back to this game over and over and it still pulls at my heart and satiates my Action/RPG fix like no other game.  Totally worth putting in the time and so much fun even after all these years.A classic game that holds up."
,Recommended,330390,22465021,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,DuskatNight,"Having played the game when I was younger, being able to play the game again brings back a lot of memories. Definitely worth another playthrough on the harder difficulty. It has a few glitches in it, but apart from that it worked pretty smoothly!"
,Recommended,330390,17715490,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,EthanAlvaree,"Grandia II is by far the best RPG I have ever played. The story is captivating, the music is forever memorable (I have listened to the soundtrack for almost 15 years), and the gameplay more fun than other turn-based combat games.The 1st time I played Grandia II from beginning to end was on my SEGA Dreamcast, and since that time it has remained my favorite game. After the Dreamcast era ended, I tried playing it through the original PC port, but it was never technically easy. The 2nd time I played Grandia II from beginning to end was on Windows Vista; the game was buggy but with effor I managed to get it working. The 3rd time was on my Windows 7 PC, which was even harder to get running (I had to use help from online communities to get the codecs installed, video files copied from the CDs to their correct directories, and download additional files online to get the game working), but I was eventually able to play the game again from beginning to end. I never lost any of my love for this game.Now, all of this has become so much easier since Grandia II has been updated for modern PCs. This is my 4th time playing Grandia II from beginning to end, and the experience has never been better. I urge the developers to continue to support this game, bringing 4K resolution, 60 FPS support, widescreen support and the ability to run this game as universal app for ALL Windows 10 devices (desktops, tablets, phones and Xbox One, etc.). Thank you, developers, for allowing us to relive our memories and dreams through this updated game!"
76561198166509495,Recommended,330390,25357871,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,AtomicChronic,The only reason I even log in to Steam anymore is to check for Dreamcast games like this or for any other interesting ports. Beats pirating and beats paying out the♥♥♥♥♥at some greasy pawnshop which wont benefit the developers or fuel future projects anyway.
,Recommended,330390,26064406,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,AdolJr,"Great oldschool JRPG that stand the test of time15 years ago I didn't have the chance to play it on PS2 ,so its my first time playing itPros :- Great Story- Great Battle System ( one of the Best JRPG battle system for me )- Great Soundtrack- Nice Character Development- Not Too long ( Beat it in 48 Hours with full achievement, Hard Mode )Cons :- Custcenes is still the same as 15 years ago, so expect some early 3D age cutscenes- When You change the audio to japanese, there will be some problem . First when in several auto dialogue scene,  the audio will be cut short ,because the text is faster than the audio, so when the text is finished ,the audio is cut off. Cutscene will be in Japanese without subtitle , so please add subtitle to Cutscenes.- Some animation for the spells are too long, please make a skip button :D- Not sure this is a con, no widescreen option,when you choose widescreen it will display in 4:3 with borders.Bugs :- the chara portrait is missing sometimes- some slowdown when in battle , not a major issueOverall Score : 9/10"
76561198025022076,Recommended,330390,31377058,Posted: 26 April,all,BuzzGUN,"A classic from the under-appreciated Dreamcast.  Here's hoping GungHo keeps bringing other great titles from this era, like the Lunar series!"
76561198065790742,Recommended,330390,22365724,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,snarf_2008,I played this on the dc and enjoyed it and also enjoy it on stesm
,Recommended,330390,17731792,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Disastercake,"Curator Page:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/disastercake#curationGrandia 1 and 2 are some ofSoul Saga's biggest inspirations.  It's amazing classics like these that motivated me to go out and try my own hand at the JRPG genre.  I'm super excited to see Grandia 2 come out on steam and a chance to play it over again.So far the bit I've played seems to be a  stable port, and the art style, though enhanced a little bit, remains true to the original, unlike the strange Final Fantasy 7 port.  This port also is an actual remastering, which means they made some small adjsutmetns to the original game like the addition of a hard mode for those looking for a unique challenge.If you can enjoy the aged 3D graphics, amazing music, and you like classic JRPG combat and gameplay, then I think you'll really enjoy Grandia 2 Remastered.P.S.  Play this with a controller for the best experience."
76561197993296096,Recommended,330390,18559673,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Tuba,"I always loved Grandia's combat system and this version delivers with updated textures. Of course, there are going to be crashes and bugs (do yourself a favor and turn off the 60 fps in combat as that will really slow everything down). The most irriatating part of the game is whenever there is dialog with voiceover as the sound gets way ahead of the very,very slow text so you are just waiting for the text to finish with no options to advance.Despite the shortcomings, this game is a reminder of the golden age of RPGs with a good story, memorable characters and engaging combat. Hard is still too easy but the optional area can be a challenge."
,Recommended,330390,17716450,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,fri_freeman,"Haven't played this version yet, only checked whether it works, and it does. But I've finished the original a couple of times back then.So what are you waiting for? It's not as good as the first one, and the  clicheish characters are love it or hate it, but it's Grandia. Go get it now.Edit:Obviously I've played it. There's some minor bugs (like random spaces in conversations) but there's nothing game breaking. Grandia 2 is much better than I remember honestly.Also, this version got Japanese VA and Hard Mode (where you should play it even if you're new if you want the littlest bit of challenge honestly), so those who've played Grandia 2 multiple times back then (like me) can actually get something new! What a bargain."
76561198068856544,Recommended,330390,17906080,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Baltimore Jesus,"Nostalgia. The only word i can think of when playing this game.I begged my brother for weeks to buy this game for PS2 13 years ago.He bought it. We played. We loved it. The story line is something of beauty, and the voice acting is ahead of its time.I have played this game countless times on console, and now to relive my teenage years, i have begun playing it again. In conclusion, I say this. Bring on Grandia Extreme, and Grandia 3!!!"
,Recommended,330390,19607218,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Saphirkatze,"tl;dr: Grandia II is one of the greatest RPGs I ever played.The story features a young man, Ryudo, and his talking bird Skye who earn their money by doing all kinds of dirty work that involves killing monsters. One day they get the mission to escort a girl, Elena, to a tower so she can renew the seal on some ancient evil. The sealing ceremony fails and Elena gets posessed by the Wings of Valmar. Ryudo gets another job - to escort Elena to the Pope so he can destroy the Wings.You progress linear through the world. There are cities with NPCs to talk to (their lines change according to the progress of the story), houses to visit and to restock your supplies. Between two cities you'll have a forest or mountain path with monsters and items. In the cities there are dungeons with bosses. Those dungeons often feature some small puzzles. Once you leave a city, there won't be a reason to return however (I guess it makes sense in the context of the story, an ancient evil doesn't want to wait for you to finish catching goldfishes).The battle system is absolutely great imo. There is an action time bar that includes your characters as well as the monsters. Once a character hits the COM/ACT separator, you'll have to select his move. You can choose from a normal and a critical attack (the critical attack will throw an enemy back in the ATB which can be handy when you see that they're ready to cast a spell/make a strong attack), a special attack (uses SP and is unique to a character), a magic spell (uses MP and a Mana Egg*) or an item. You can also skip a move and defend or change your character's position on the battlefield. *Mana Eggs contain a set of magic spells and can be equipped, so it's up to you to decide who is to use what kinds of spells.The graphics look dated even in the special edition and the game doesn't support 16:9 ratio, so keep that in mind if that's important to you. This port also has a few small visual glitches. By now they probably patched away any bigger ones (another good thing about this port, they actually worked on some improvements after releasing it. Unlike... other companies.).The music is absolutely great and creates atmosphere.In summary, if you enjoy RPGs and aren't a graphics snob, give Grandia II a shot. It's a great game!"
,Recommended,330390,19625504,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Little Sparrow,"One of my favorites, now on Steam and looking better than ever.  Has one of, if not the best, battle systems of any game.  If you like JRPGs, you need to try this one!"
,Recommended,330390,20150393,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,gunsage,"Have you played the original Grandia?  Then you already know.  Grandia 2 is an excellent game that utilizes the ATB combat system with the ability to cancel movements.  You may be familiar with this method in Child of Light (and to a lesser degree Final Fantasy X-2) if you haven't played Grandia games before.  So yes, combat-wise, the game is very much on point and addictive as hell.Of course, the cast, story, environments, music, production values, voiceovers, dialogue, and virutally everything else is amazing as well.  It has aged a bit, but the additional resolutions, controller support, and achievements should more than make up for that for most people.  Still not sure?  Then get it on sale.  The bottom line is if you're a JRPG lover like me, there is absolutely no reason to not have this in your inventory."
76561198068877983,Recommended,330390,20186424,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,gabecarter287,This game is AWESOME!! If you ever played the original title then you will love this. I know some people says it has some cons but I'm all about the pro's! It's the same game that came from the dreamcast. Battles look better. Audio can be a bit iffy sometimes. BUT it's got the same amazing story line that captivated many of us years ago so check it out!
76561197967482955,Recommended,330390,22946959,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,hakai,One of the best JRPGs of all time.
76561198008333440,Recommended,330390,17710347,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,SaS MaKaVeLi,"Where do i start...................... this was amazing on the Dreamcast loved it so much brought it for PS2, then they was like hey you guys on PC, want it here you go so I went and brought it for PC (Retail disc version) now its on steam with cheveos and everything so I had to buy it again,Simple if you played this back in the day before all these flashy games on xbox 360, Xbox One basically before consoles had internet then you know this is a must buy....Before anyone says anything, I know Dreamcast had online games like Phantasy Star Online............................About that actually Hey Sega fancy making a nerd dream come true, this is a long shot and I doubt it would ever happen but fancy bringing PSO on Steam that would make me want to cream all over my monitors,P.S make it a HD remake like this :P love you all PEACE!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,330390,19687935,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Skipp,"Played this game on dreamcast back in the day. It is exactly how I remember it. Probably one of my favorite RPGs of all time, excellent combat system, great leveling of extra abilities and much more. There are some graphical bugs, but nothing that is game break or even a big deal, idk why people made a big deal. 10/10 would rec. to others."
76561198055975466,Recommended,330390,20861636,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,TheRumblingWolf,"Returning to any game more than ten years after I last played it fills me with a certain level of apprehension. Will it be as good as I remember? Are there any completely frustrating sections that I've conveniently forgotten about?It turns out the thing I had forgotten was actually how great a game Grandia II is.I'm not going to rave about the brilliant combat system or ace soundtrack. I will however mention a couple of little things, nothing major, just some nice touches that give the game that little bit extra:-Meal sequences. Main characters sitting, eating and talking. They might be discussing the village they're staying in or skirt around some recent happening in the plot. It doesn't matter, but it does help to flesh the characters out a bit and make them more than simply mobile plot transporters.-Town NPCs. The fact that, when you approach a town NPC, they'll say something and an MC will respond to it. So you get a full (albeit limited) conversation instead of simply hearing half of one (i.e. generally whatever the NPC says)."
,Recommended,330390,21651195,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Hanneth,"Right out of the gate, this game is quite good. I enjoyed it 16 years ago, and still enjoy it now. The original PC port was okay, and playable. I did play through it, but it maxed out at 1024x768. This port is much better. It supports really high resultions and the character images are way better.This is the port that should have been done years ago."
,Recommended,330390,32453624,Posted: 15 June,all,Which Doctor,"I've still got the Dreamcast version of this game on a shelf. I still make the default account on all my computers ""Valmar."" I'm still not 100% sure what Roan's gender is.One of the best RPGs I've ever played. Newcomers might find it a little blasé after playing a plethora of other games, but I still love everything about Grandia II, especially the battle system."
76561197992239801,Recommended,330390,27943961,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Valkerion,"Great classic RPG that fans of the genre shouldn't miss. If you have never played or want to relive the adventure of Grandia 2 you can't go wrong with this version of the game. Well ported and based on the first Dreamcast release, Anniversary Edition is exactly what fan have wanted for years after two sub par ports in the past.It runs well on any system that meets the requirements. The gameplay and story have been retained in their classic form. Plays well with controller or keyboard. Well worth the time for those looking for a classic RPG."
76561198111812099,Recommended,330390,17759770,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Gawild,Honestly one of the best RPGs I have ever played.
76561198041489220,Recommended,330390,23829034,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Carmajinn,"It is really nostalgic.The graphics are no longer mind blowing (though I remember them as such with the ""3d+video overlay"" combat animations).The combat itself was interesting at the time (and is still torelable now).It would be nice if the overworld camera was bound to the right stick instead of the LB/LT/RB/RT."
,Recommended,330390,17771740,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Trix,Grandia one of my fav games for consol :) IM SO HAPPY! that it came out for pc. i played it a lot as young i borrow the game from a friend all the time so he started to hide it so i would not see it when i was visiting him. but now i own it myself :) so many years ago <3 :D woho!!!10/10 i will play it so much i can never forget the story ;)
,Recommended,330390,17782742,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,TheCyclingNut,"While I own the Dreamcast version of the game I was blown away when I saw they had ported this to PC. Outside of Skies of Arcadia and the Personna games this was on my list. The game is true to its Dreamcast version, some have have run itno the odd bug but I have not ( and I have a older PC) I am not going to explain the whole story or charecters as you can use google for that or read other more profesional reviews here on steam.All I will say is if you love classic turn based-semi action based JRPGS this is a must have for your collection, up there with Trails in the Sky, Valkryia chronicles, and the Agaerest Generations series. Now if we onlt could convince the devs to port over the Disgae and Persona series.The dev's and publisher are on the group pages pretty often and they have released v 1.03 patch just yesterday.  Some games come out with issues and the devs barely even ackowledge them, this dev is not like that. if you are  fan of classic JRPG's this is a must have for any library"
76561197993944276,Recommended,330390,18129294,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Terfio,"Grandia 2 as great as ever!Best Combat-System of its time and still top-notch!Likeable characters, great story and music!Just 2 words : Buy it!On a side note :Its a new Dreamcast port, so its rather natural that there were alot of bugs on release day (even though i didnt encounter any deal breaker). However the developer is eager to fix alot issues in a weekly fashion (+/-).Rare these days!  *i m looking at you SE!*"
,Recommended,330390,18139862,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,PlaneShifter,"Here is a review from someone that have never played this game before:First of all, I have played Grandia 1 as well and you do not need to have played that game in order to undersatand this one. They are actually completely unlinked games in the style of the Final Fantasy series, I can't even recall any obvious simiralities, but it has been quite a while since I played the first Grandia.This game is extremely linear. There are no side quests or anything. You get the main history or nothing. I do not think I missed anything because I am the kind of player that needs to speak to everyone and invade every house every time I hit a new town. Is this good or bad? You tell me, this is a matter of opinion.The characters are quite interesting, each in their way, and the main ones have a pretty good development.The history is good as well. Plenty of turns, ups and downs that makes sense and wraps up well, mysteries that keep you engaged, and a few surprises. You only get the cheesy over emotional parts with existencial speeches at the end. It mainly revolves around religion and its effects over people.For the combat, the game uses a middle ground between real time and turn based system where you can see when each character or enemy will act, this is interesting for you to choose the action your active character will take, as the game has an assortment of moves and habilities that cause less damage but can cancel or delay an enemy action, thus, decision making in the game is actually interesting. I also need to point out that this is the only JRPG ever that I found the defend command useful.I found the combat system extremely satisfying, even if a bit easy. I had a character die outside of scripted battles only once near the end, but I was playing on normal and there is a hard difficulty. The way the save points work in this game also makes combat easier since you can fully restore yourself for free everytime you reach one, that just made me spam area of efect spells and habilities.You cannot customize the character party, wich can have up to 4 members. It changes as the history demands.There are 3 different form of XP in this game: your regular experience, Special Coins, and Magic Coins. Experience ups the characters base stats. No customization here as it is normal in JRPGs. Special Coins lets you purchase or upgrade the character specific special habilities and Magic Coins do the same for magic.Magic is kept in eggs. Eggs can have any assortment of spells and can be equiped in any character, who will have the egg's spells available to be cast in combat.The game also has habilities books (I can't recall the actual name of them) where you can buy passive bonuses with either Special or Magic Coins. These bonuses can be individually equiped into any character.Dungeons are usually simple, with exceptions later on the game. It lacks a map system, wich makes exploring said dungeons quite annoying, but it has a compass that points you to the next objective. It helps a little. I'd still prefer a map.The stronger spells suffer from unnecessary long animations. Nothing as bad as Final Fantasy 7 but can still be annoying. But when you have a spell that sends a dragon made of electricity into your enemies I can give it some leeway.And heck, this review is cold. I guess the game failed to impress me. That does not mean I did not enjoy it. It just means I have seen better. Still a great game for fans of JRPGs, and a good pick for those just getting into the genre."
,Recommended,330390,18147273,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,SLAPPY ツ,"It's good! Only ""isssue"" ive had is a bit of sound buggs, but i dont mind. I also think they fixed most of them with patch, Good devs have who listen to feedback. They even added 60fps battles."
,Recommended,330390,18152658,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Glaslow,Nods in support of this game....
76561198041085059,Recommended,330390,18206265,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Mokipoki,"There are some audio glitches, but this game ported very nicely and it plays familiarly on gamepad.Grandia II is one of the greatest JRPGs marketed towards the Western market. It's simple to learn, quick to pick up, and responsively fun. Simple puzzles, good customization, and Melfice was a lot harder when I was a pup. The addition of extra hard difficulty was nice, but it still wasn't hard enough."
,Recommended,330390,17702558,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Valmar,"So this isn't as much of a review as it is a huge shoutout to GungHo for listening to the fans who wanted this game on steam and making it happen. You guys rock. This game has been one of my favorite games since I was very young and it's a total trip to see it here on steam. Seriously, thank you, I won't have to play my buggy PS2 copy anymore when I want to replay it. (My dreamcast died ;_;)But yeah I'm biased as all hell towards this game, so take what I say with a grain of salt. This game's a classic jrpg that's fun for veterans and a good starting point if you're unfamiliar with the genre. I won't say much about the story other than you're a mercenary named Ryudo and you've been hired for a job.Also, if anyone can give me a good reason to put points into Purple Lightning other than, ""It looks cool."" I will personally drive to your house and buy you a beer."
,Recommended,330390,20132447,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Ephique,"If you played it back then: Buy it, it is a good port.If you didn't, but like jrpgs: Buy it, it's a very good jrpg.If you don't usually play jrpgs and didn't play it back then: Buy it, it's a great introduction to jrpgs.Basically, buy this. It works, it's well ported, good story, good characters -- and most importantly, a very good experience/leveling system."
,Recommended,330390,20461572,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Scavenger,"Ah Grandia II. One of my very few JRPG experiences growing up. Obviously when the news of it being re-released for the PC on Steam, I was very, very happy. It took me awhile to actually get to playing and finishing the game though and I still love the game so much. Full review ahead, with a summary right at the bottom.COMBAT---------Personally to me, Grandia II is made by its battle system. It's active turn-based, I believe the term is called. The most fun in the game is just playing around with the moves/spells and at times, think on your feet to avoid taking damage or a certain death. Cancelling action is very fun and satisfying when you manage to really just end a battle without expending too much MP or SP nor taking any damage. The combat definitely makes the game, and I played it on Hard, certain boss fights would warrant a different approach of battling rather than the conventional full-offensive style I liked, which brings freshness to the battles and makes the bosses feel very different. if not annoying. Almost every spell available are very useful and some more situational than others. For example, certain monsters has a higher resistance towards an element, so you'll have to figure out what works best in those situations. I'll say that I really do enjoy the combat.---------Rating : 5/5Characters-----------Grandia II has a good variety of different characters and each of them has a story to tell. Character development is a focus in the game, I would say. Ryudo, Elena, Millenia, Roan, Mareg and Tio are all very nicely written characters, each with their own plot development and the way they're used in battle is also different in certain aspects, that they feel unique, if not irreplaceable.---------Rating : 4.5/5Storyline---------The game might have a very cliche ""Battle between Good and Evil"" general overview, but what makes it special is the fragment stories told within the game. Some of the stories over the course of the game can be heart-breaking, while some can be very...lovely. The story ultimately teaches not to follow a faith blindly, and not to be bound by the threads of fate, and be your own master, living the life you want to live. Which I find to be a very good lesson in life. That's not to say that Grandia II doesn't suffer some problems. I, for one, felt that the ending was very strange. For the most parts, the story is good, if not a tad bit predictable, at this day and age, but that doesn't make it bad. The way they wrote some of the stories are very human and relatable.---------Rating : 4/5Summary----------I will say that throughout these many years since the game's release, Grandia II still stands as a very entertaining JRPG, if only for the combat system. The story adds to the experience even more and I believe that Grandia II is a game that has aged very well over the years.---------Final Rating : 4.5/5"
76561198263718860,Recommended,330390,20367811,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,MyInfluence,"Slightly Generic , but an experience thats actually well paced , a CLASSIC, and a battle system who's praise is well acknowledged.Grandia II does things better than both its predecessor , and successor in the series ( my way of telling you that if you haven't even played the series , in my PERSONAL OPINION , this is easily the best one . ) in many ways . The original Grandia recieved high praise for introducing the ATB battle system - an RPG battle system where a meter is displayed at the bottom of your screen , leading characters up to their ""ACT"" points , and then allowing you to command them . -  to a genre that - at the time - lacked instinct and time management . Not only that , but the game also introduced the concept of movement and placement to its battle system - characters moved based on the actions you command them to do , including having an option to simply ""move"" as an alternate to defending , this would allow players to have characters get out of range when anticipating enemy attacks , get into better position to use their own attack , or to just run really ... whatever . Point is , it added space and active time to turn based battles , making players feel MUCH more involved in their battles and making every move count . Players could also select enemies during battle and see their stats by default ( mind you these default stat menu's look really nice ... I mean not even just for it's time , I love em . ) , and also at times their upcoming moves allowing players to anticipate whats to come , and more importantly - in how much time .This installment does a lot of things right , though the story SLIGHTLY generic ( Good vs, Evil , yada yada ) , the gameplay is fast with no random encounters ( as enemies are displayed on the field , allowing you to opt to fight them or not . ) , a simple and to the point level up system ( cause honestly , I hate it when developers try to be too creative . ) , a pretty generic but fun loving cast of characters , and SUPER , COOL , BOSSES .In this game 'Valmar' is the dark antagonist of the game and essentially the literal god of Evil . Now while that's cool and all , the spawn of Valmar look like stuff straight out of your nightmares ( ever fought the organs of the F***ing devil ? It gets real pretty quick . )  , and fighting the bosses through the game as a kid led to countless "" Ohhhhh S*** "" moments , something ESSENTIAL for all RPGs . On the other hand , the party of Ryudo and friends ( your party ) , from their character design , and plot , come off as slightly generic . This ISN'T totally a bad thing though , I mean , they're lovable , as each of their characters fit into the story well , compliment each other in dialogue , and are all unique in terms of battle .An RPG I like to play when I want to get away from RPGs , it is extremely simple in formula , but still different and unique in play . A game I personally feel has been overlooked over the years and am glad is available on steam , allowing gamers who missed this experience to get a hold of it , and for many like me to relive a fond classic ."
76561198088436584,Recommended,330390,25448042,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Gizmozess,"This game will work on 4core windows tablets that only have 2gb ram providing you have a controller. you have to turn of 60fps battles, shaders and keep the anti aliasing off. You may have to turn your resolution down too depending. I play this game on my Asus Transformer. Specs are cpu: Intel Arom Z3740 with intel hd 4400 mobile graphics and 2gb ram. great game to play when away from home and PC"
76561198308955342,Recommended,330390,23501186,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,tobitanzt,"already played the game countless times a couple of years ago. the dungeons are quite hard to navigate. nowadays we are used to maps and direction arrows - you got none of those in this anniversary remaster. which is fine. the new ""hard mode"" so far (4 hours in) isn't that hard but rather provides a welcome challenge (the original was extremely easy). music and characters in this game are awesome, as is the battle system. and finally you can change the volume of the battle tunes - in the original i always found the voices and sfx way too loud compared to the music.oh! and we have the japanese voices now. way better than the english ones. for people who have never played it, grandia 2 might not be the greates experience of your life. their have just been too many fantastic jrpgs since the time of its origional release. but for those who already loved the game years ago: this is the ultimate way to play it again. so far no bugs, no crashes, no slowdowns. perfect. thanks for releasing this edition of such a wonderful game."
76561198069966701,Recommended,330390,27545309,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,James,Blast of nostalgia.Controls take some getting used to but otherwise a worthwhile purchase!
,Recommended,330390,29331244,Posted: 17 January,all,the_contactv,"If you'd like the play it again, get it for sure.That being said, the game hasn't aged well.The anniversary edition adds HD resolution and some lighting effects, but not much else.The sound design has gotten even worse. terrible canned sound effects that don't fade into each other and abruptly end and repeat. on top of that the sound mix is awful. Some sound effects and voices are super loud. Which is a bummer, because I like a lot of the soundtrack.remember those cool FMV magic spells? They look at a mess of mpeg artifacts now....I was bummed too. But the other spells look fine though.So if you haven't play the game in about 15 years like me, here's what you forgot:the camera is aweful. why does it zoom in when you're not rotating? it's really hard to tell where you're going.the character models are bad. The art direction is a vomit of high saturated colors.the control and overworld presentation are not good either.The story is still not good, and the voice acting is as aweful as ever, especially the part with ryudo's brother.the field actions like climbing ladders are long and annoyingThe eye of valmar battle is hard afBUT the battle system still shines the brightest and really carries this otherwise average rpg. It's got some really cool ATB stuff going on where you can cancel enemies attacks. You can also move around to avoid attacks. It's like a 3d version of the lunar series' battle system.Also, there's a good ammount of customizability for your characters, which makes battle even more fun.I'm having a good time playing through this game for the 2nd time. Not as good as I remember it, but the battles keep me wanting to continue (on hard mode this time).  I won't be playing it again though."
76561197968593700,Recommended,330390,20304766,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,yagyu_jubei42,"This game was a definite 'must-buy' for me, and on top of that it is the Anniversary edition of the game. I highly recommend to anyone who is a fan of JRPGs and who doesn't mind a darker anime tale. If you played this game on the Dreamcast or PS2, be sure to check out the enhanced everything in this version."
76561198183518214,Recommended,330390,20674026,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Dolldum,"This game is a pure classic! Amazing game and the sharpening up of the graphics was very impressive.....HOWEVER.What I am NOT impressed with, was that literally after the first mission of the game (Bringing Elena to the tower and back) I encountered a MAJOR glitch that prevents me from progressing through the rest of the game at all. When fighting Millenia (the wings of Valmar) for the first time outside of the church, the battle freezes.The battle starts as normal, Millenia runs through about 2 different attack patterns before casting the skill ""Zap!"". After casting ""Zap!"" right around the time the animation does damage- the entire battle stops progressing. The battle bar (whatever its called) stops moving forward. Ryudo freezes in the animation position of him being attacked. Millenia also stops moving in a similar manner. However, oddly the music continues and the game seems to respond to me pressing only one button (the one that changes the ""partys"" attack behavior even though its only Ryudo at this point.) However, everything else remains frozen.I've restarted the game at my previous save before the cutscene//battle multiple times now. Nothing changes. So I spent $20 to play not even what I would call the first hour of the game.-Side Note- 1/22/2016I've currently sent a notice to the customer support, i'm hoping to hear back from them ASAP- as I would really like to enjoy this game and not refund it because its unplayable.I'm not sure if anyone else has encountered this problem, but judging from the comments below I may be the first. (I cry everytime).Yes, I would recommend this game just based on how great it is storywise. But I would be wary because it appears to me there are glitches that still need to be ironed out."
,Recommended,330390,20815700,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Mojohosavich,This is the most comfy JRPG ever.
,Recommended,330390,24925427,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Pomf Pomf Desu-chan =3,"Solid JRPG of that late 90's early 2000's, hits all the notes that you would expect of the era in the best ways possible. Decent cast and battle system, and is easily recomendable to anyone who was a fan of Xenogears or FF IX."
76561198067431071,Recommended,330390,32545190,Posted: 18 June,all,Hotfirex,"a great game with an interesting story line and some plot twists, though a bit dusty its still a good time for those interested in jrpg with solid battle mechanics."
,Recommended,330390,33174965,Posted: 3 July,all,Shabutaro,"One of the best JRPGs i ever played. The story is good, the battle system is fantastic, the characters are great. Give it a try if you haven't. But ""Words are meanigless now. Dance with me, Brother!""."
,Recommended,330390,22352315,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Just fucked my PC,"I have never playedGrandia II, so I have no nostalgia of it. So I can say without rose tinted glasses that this is one damn good RPG, with neat if slightly forgettable music with unique instrumentation ( I can't recall the boss theme, but the dungeon theme and mook battle theme stick in there, but the town theme gets replaced with one of the themes from Tales of Hearts R for my recall for some strange reason), colourful texture work, 60fps battles that look pretty neat, and that old JRPG trope of flashy attacks that take too long. We Knights of the Round now. The voice work is pretty damn good, the VO Director was Kris Zimmerman which means you'll be hearing Colonel speaking sass in Liquid's ear, you'll be protecting Naomi Hunter from the forces of evil within her (foreshadowing too many years in the making? I think so), and you'll also witness the brotherly rivalry between Solidus and Liquid.Entirely worth a full price purchase, and HIGHLY recommended at discount."
76561198083526497,Recommended,330390,17705252,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,fliptrick,A great game. Very nostalgic since i played  it on the dreamcast. 10/10
,Recommended,330390,17930715,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Infernikus,A pretty good remake of what is a JRPG Classic in my eyes. Everything the game I remember as a child with a few added extras. The textures have been remastered as well as some items in game being sharpened to bring the game out of the old days of Dreamcast/PS2 Graphics and up to modern standards without losing its authenticity.PROS- Game is EXACTLY how I remember it- 60FPS Battles option- Dev's are very good on providing patches on in game issuesCONS- Some parts of the game suffer from a massive framerate loss
76561198047686707,Recommended,330390,18285836,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,I DONT LIKE GOBLINS,"I have actually only put in about half of the hours...I sadly never got a chance to play this when it first came out and didn't bring myself to play it until now considering it would look and run as good as possible. This review is very much a positive one, the game was great just like the first one. It is however equal parts a negative one.Pros-Almost everything...Cons-Crashed way too often.I must explain that despite it crashing almost a dozen times during my playthrough on hard mode I still played on and liked the game that much that I could deal with it. The last time is what broke me however, it didn't happen in the middle of the last boss fight nor did it happen after 2-3 hours of saveless grinding.The last time this game crashed on me was in the middle of the ending (post 1 year after portion).I will always promote that people should really get into the Grandia games but not the steam version of Grandia 2."
,Recommended,330390,17705855,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,DarkTezza,"Good port so far. no bugs or glitches found for me as of yet, (Hope i dont find any). sounds and looks great, childhood memories back again YAY, thats an all round ++++. Gorgeous graphics for an old game. Music is absolutely superb gets me all the time with it's tunes. Great controller support. can adjust windowed mode but not in proper aspect ratio. Hard mode isnt that hard yet. hope it gets harder. Only one thing really i could hope they add, and that is widescreen support, playing it on 1080p full screen just gives black bars and the game in the centre of the screen. Not a problem, But it's suggested for most people with a wide screen tv/monitor. After all that. BRILL GAMEI would definitely recommend this.A+++**Update** Music and other various sounds, range from being too low and and being very loud, could do with a little messing around to get sound levels right."
76561197995417364,Recommended,330390,21804048,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Jonny-o,"Very mild recommendation. I played this on the Dreamcast with my only memory being the combat system was very fun.  This time, I'm ten hours in and it's too easy. Pushing the combat system to its limits isn't needed at all. I'm hoping it gets tougher. Other than that, everything is just ""ok"", but not standout.  I'll finish it, but it would have been no loss to leave this one in the nostalgia bin.  Pick up on sale. Not worth twenty bucks."
76561197995245336,Recommended,330390,17702575,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Piku,"When I saw this game on steam...I had to do a double take.Try this game. If you are a fan, odds are you already have it. This is hands down one of the best RPG's out there. An oldie but a goodie. Looks like they polished the graphics nicely too.This RPG can hold its own against other RPGs like Kingdom Hearts and FFVII...at least in my book.Give it a shot!By the way...if you are planning on getting this game, get a controller. The keyboard controls are clunky and don't go well with the game."
,Recommended,330390,17716464,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,PSOCecil,"Far better than the original PC port of Grandia 2, the Anniversary Edition adds a boring ""Hard"" Mode, and the option to swap to Japanese voices. It's certainly not the best port in the world, but it's still very playable and still a fantastic game today.Though, the devs do need to do a few things. Specifically, a slider to lower the sound effects would be great, as they drown out the voices and music rather often.Edit: Volume sliders for everything added, now no reason for RPG fans to not pick this masterpiece up. The continued patch support with new features push this version beyond the Dreamcast original in quality. The 60FPS in combat is beautiful!"
76561198193539842,Recommended,330390,17864126,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,carstenh176,"I have only one complaint about this classic being ported to the PC via Steam, the lack of any kind of manual and having to use tedious key pressing until you find the keys that work.  Other than that, it was a great game on console, will no doubt be a great game on PC once I figure out how to play it  and I cannot recommend it highly enough."
76561198071371486,Recommended,330390,17851619,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Zazie The Beast,Grandia is the best.
,Recommended,330390,17853669,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,John Wick,"Grandia II, the Japanese role-playing game from Game Arts that was first released for Dreamcast back in 2000, at last has finally come to PC by way of Steam, and I cannot thank GungHo Online Entertainment enough. The Port is practically flawless; seamless keyboard and mouse controls as well as gamepad support, it really feels like you as the player have stepped into a time machine. The re-release doesn't only boast improved high-definition visuals, it'll also features Steam Trading Cards and achievements.Visuals are crisp, Audio is clear, and Gameplay is baby smooth. I couldn't be happier. Whether you've played it before, or just heard of this hallmark in the jRPG genre, this classic should be on your list to buy immediately. Grandia II Anniversary Edition will send you on a rollercoaster of emotion and story telling that you'll remember for years to come.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!"
76561198160868511,Recommended,330390,31803694,Posted: 17 May,all,Strayed Lynx,"One of the best RPGs of the Dreamcast era,carefully remanstered to better help it stand the test of time,the story is really good and the combat also features some cool original mechanics that make it considerably more enjoyable than it's turn based system would suggest."
,Recommended,330390,22575983,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Guts,"""SKYE TAKE FLIGHT""Aside from one of the legendary quotes of this game, it is hands down my favorite JRPG of all time. IIt truly is a classic and one of the only games I think deserves a complete 10/10. I recommend this  classic 100%."
,Recommended,330390,22498469,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Dues,Decent port and still the same awesome game.
,Recommended,330390,22637928,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Kensei,"Not a bad JRPG. Gets boring fairly quick though, story is ok. Combat is pretty shallow. So much potential was lost, it's a pity. Wait for sale."
76561198073088368,Recommended,330390,18161221,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,The Silent One,I just have 3 words to say about this game: BEST..GAME..EVER
76561198025253256,Recommended,330390,32186585,Posted: 4 June,all,jammy22222,Very good port.
,Recommended,330390,17932834,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Adeacia,"What to say about Grandia 2 that hasn't already been said? It was the best rpg on the Dreamcast and still holds up today, around 15 years after its release. The fact that this is the third time I've bought the game says something.The good:-The graphics still hold up for being a 15 year old game.-The story is pretty good but nothing super amazing.-The music is excellent and the games soundtrack has always been one of my favorites.-The combat system is still the most unique and fun one I've encountered (this is the standard combat in the Grandia series)-New features have been added such as battles in 60fps and a hard difficulty.The bad:-The game has a lot of audio bugs at the moment. Nothing really bad, but annoying at times.-Crashes happen, but not too much.-Game is a bit easy unless you play on hard.Despite the current issues (which are being fixed) I certainly reccomend this game to anyone who likes rpgs."
76561198019144255,Recommended,330390,17939673,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,[SG-X] AmadeusPrower,"Of course there are bugs. People complaining about them don't know the first thing about programming and emulation. If you think this version is buggy, go ahead and download a DC emulator and Grandia II ROM. The worst offending bugs have been squashed in the recent updates, so please stop complaining; they are empty complaints that will only deter devs from bringing more classics to Steam.This is a true classic JRPG, and was so well made it even stands the test of time. Many of the great JRPG 'cliches' were born from this game and series.I'd say more... but there isn't much more to say. A great classic, with writting that will still make you laugh out loud, and a truly original combat system (ever play Child of Light? Yeah, that's a bad Grandia battle system rip off).Veteran Grandia fan tip - play it on hard. The one thing I dislike about the Grandia series is that it is always far too easy."
,Recommended,330390,17805401,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Apinaheebo,"Amazing game, bought it yesterday and have played for 19 hours already xD"
76561198016077926,Recommended,330390,17711318,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Vashe[PS4N : vashe9],"You must try this combat system, it's one of the best (imho) for JRPG's. :)All I can say is that if you like old school (psx/ps2 era) Jrpgs you have to try this classic.The port is OK, if you have an xbox one (or 360) controller you have to set it to default in your control pannel (see forums)"
76561198075762496,Recommended,330390,29971657,Posted: 16 February,all,Sumiya,"1 - Leave the voice over on.2 - Cringe.3 - Turn the voice over off.4 - Enjoy retro feeling.One important thing though, the cutscenes have no subtitles. Later on you'll have to turn the voice over on again to understand the background of the main story."
,Recommended,330390,18710223,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Johnnykey,"First of all, this is one of the best jRPGs… forget jRPGs… one of the best GAMES ever made in the world, period.But on Steam? It’s the BEST jRPG, by FAR.This is a re-port of what you might have played before on the Dreamcast, and it’s supposed to bring you the legit Dreamcast version experience. It does that pretty well with some tolerable flaws.I’ll break my review down in two sections, if you’ve played the original Dreamcast version, go right along, otherwise if you’re wondering why I said this is the best jRPG and stuff, skip to the bottom section.(Review as a Port)READ THIS IF YOU’VE PLAYED THE ORIGINAL DREAMCAST VERSION:This was written based off the1.06 update.This version has some worse aspects and better ones, and I personally concluded that it retains about 95% of the original DC experience (IMO the PS2 version has about 75% and the old PC port about 80% in comparison).-THE BAD-In comparison to the DC version (mostly bad aspects):-	BATTLESRuns flawlessly smooth at 60 fps, normal attack voices are present (otherwise I wouldn’t even have finished this version). Some very very few effects are missing and there are small sound cuts on spells, however it only applies to spell sounds and never to character voices.-	DUNGEON/TOWN EXPLORINGWhen roaming around on some dungeons and inside houses, it has some fps drops of about 5~10 fps (so to about 20~25 fps since outside battles the game always runs at 30 fps). It’s not a big deal and it doesn’t affect the gameplay at all.-	CUTSCENESCutscenes have a slight desynch and the longer they last (as a single cutscene), the worse it gets. This is not a big deal, most cutscenes are fine and personally I was only bothered with 5~7 cutscenes total in the entire game, in which I recommend rewatching them on youtube later.EDIT: This only applies to when playing the game with japanese voices, it's totally in sync with english voices.-THE GOOD-So what’s BETTER in this version?Cleaner and better-defined textures, very nice shadow effects, FullHD resolution, individual volume adjusters (including for the steps that used to be loud in the DC version), dual language, and Hard mode. Widescreen can’t quite be mentioned as a plus as it only stretches the screen, but it looks fine enough and I find it worth using. This is the definitive/best port of the DC version with some aspects that are better, and others worse.Hard mode makes normal enemies tougher and hit harder but they’re still easy overall, Hard mode is most noticeable on bosses and makes the game quite better overall. You will most likely get a game over on endgame bosses unless you’re properly prepared. Buffs/debuffs gain a lot more value in here as well as the ability to switch equips/eggs during battle. Although I do find that some bosses have too much HP in Hard mode, overall it makes this (otherwise very easy) game even better overall.So, IF you wanna replay this ridiculously good game and still own a Dreamcast and have a handy 4:3 SDTV near you, you might wanna ponder on which one to play, depending if you can tolerate the imperfections of this awesome-but-not-perfect PC port.If you don’t have a DC anymore, don’t bother buying one, buy this version!(Review as a Game)READ THIS IF YOU DIDN’T PLAY THE ORIGINAL DREAMCAST VERSION:So like I said before, it’s one of the best jRPGs ever made. It’s on par with the huge titles that are Star Ocean 3 and 4, Grandia 3 and a couple of other few games.First of all, this game, along with the rest of the Grandia franchise, features the best battle system ever made in a JRPG, called Ultimate Action Battle System. It’s best to describe it as a mixture of Final Fantasy/Chrono Trigger/Lunar with Star Ocean/Tales of. It mixes the solid (and yet stiff) turn-based elements with the fast, dynamic and fun action elements. It accomplishes the battle system perfection that Final Fantasy games wish they EVER had (FFXIII surely tried and failed miserably at it), and what Chrono Trigger and Lunar (Lunar franchise is also from GAME ARTS) did try to achieve and partially did.That said, the Grandia franchise despite not having relevant sale figures to boast about, it eats the “most successful jRPG franchise” Final Fantasy for breakfast.Comparing games that came out at similar dates/generations: Grandia 1 > Final Fantasy 7, Grandia 2 > Final Fantasy X (and I love FFX), and Grandia 3 > Final Fantasy XII.I only mentioned the battle system so far, and although being a very core aspect of a jRPG, the good points don’t stop there.Besides the battle system, here’s what Grandia games (excluding Xtreme) share among them:-	Fun and interesting interaction with NPCs: in many jRPGs it’s boring to check and talk to NPCs, but not here. Characters freely speak often, sometimes throw a pun, etc.-	Big interaction among core characters and big character development, also meal moments where you can learn a lot about them.-	Amazing soundtracks by composer Noriyuki Iwadare that in his own way is on par with the “giants” Nobuo Uematsu (FF music) and *cough* the gaming music god Motoi Sakuraba (Star Ocean, Tales of and a BUNCH of other japanese games’ music)-	There are no party reserves. Your party has a max of 4 characters that will rotate according to events in the story. Some leave and others join in. This actually makes for stronger and more plot-driven ‘moments’ in the story (as well as a bigger sense of ‘adventure’), giving more replay value to a game.-	No need for guides, just play and enjoy. Although there’s no backtracking (on Grandia 1 and 2) and there are missable items, if you explore well enough you can get everything on your own. They’re simple and linear but not boring at the same time. Grandia 2 has a couple of optional Mana Eggs and Skill Books, but they’re not hard to find them at all. And if you’re gonna use a guide, a simple quick look is all it will require.So, back to Grandia 2, although I prefer Grandia 1 in other aspects (character development) and Grandia 3 overall (combat, customization, character design), Grandia 2 is the best in the franchise in regards to story/plot imho. The story is amazing, it’s a pity though that cutscenes are desynched in audio/video for the Japanese voices and not “perfect” like in the original NTSC-J Dreamcast version, of which I still own an original copy.It has a fun and diverse build customization along Grandia’s battle system that will much more often yield rewarding results rather than bad, thanks to how balanced this game is.I often felt a bit lost in customization during my Hard mode run as there are so many ways to have a strong party, some of which may involve making a tanker, dodger+counter, high STR with +hitcount or MAG with high ACT stat with warp or a quick runner to make criticals cancel more smoothly. You can also level up specifically what you want at your own discression, making the game really dynamic and still enjoyable even if you’re replaying it.I highly recommend this game to both jRPG newbies (the game is VERY user-friendly in Normal mode because it’s really easy) and veterans that despite not having much of a challenge except for endgame bosses in Hard mode, they’ll enjoy the hell out of this game.Did I mention that the game has some songs in Portuguese (not brazilian) and that I happen to be a Portuguese guy? I didn't, but that’s just a coincidence. :)I’ll tell you what.As a human being, I’m bound to perish at some point in my life. And if by then I ever have the time to think about the most memorable moments of my life, among them I’ll most certainly look back intensely at this game. That’s HOW GOOD this game is! And I can’t stress this enough!!Go play it and see for yourself."
,Recommended,330390,17719079,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,doky,I literally got chills when I saw this game on the Steam Store. This is one of the greatest JRPGS of recorded history. You must buy this game.
76561198010139851,Recommended,330390,17932625,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Ansovald,"Played the Dreamcast version years ago and got to say this version is better by far, with the recent patch ( 1.03) added 60 FPS to battles makes the game flow better, other than a few bugs here and there I highly Recommend this game."
76561198089203204,Recommended,330390,17712609,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Siinon,Must play if you love J-RPG
76561198015246142,Recommended,330390,17713772,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Wasmo,"if you like jrpg's, good music, good combat, and good story then you've been wasting your entire life before now. Play the game. ♥♥♥♥ it, if you don't wanna buy it just ask me to share my damn library and play it in the few scant hours i'm not playing it.only negative to this release is i don't see a ♥♥♥♥in buy soundtrack button anywhere's. WHERE'S MY GODDAMN BUY SOUNDTRACK BUTTON?"
76561197968890082,Recommended,330390,17714434,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Inigo Montoya,Best combat. Best story. Best characters. Buy it.
,Recommended,330390,17950748,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Mr. 8-BIT,This game is fantastic! It's got a fairly dark story although you wouldnt get that impression by looking at it. The Battlesystem is lots of fun and doen't get old by the end of the game like many other jrpgs can. The voice acting was good for it's time but a little dated but you can always use the jp voices instead.
76561198035667234,Recommended,330390,17921729,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Athenian,"One of my favorite RPGs of all time. Graphics are a littleglichy, but totally worth the money"
,Recommended,330390,17930318,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Sundown15,"I had heard that the style of turn based combat in Grandia II, with an emphasis on turn speed, interrupts, and cancels, was one of the better ones ever made.  I can confirm that this is the case, and it was the most fun I've had with JRPG combat in a long, long time, although the game is very easy once you know what you are doing (even on hard mode).  The story is cliche, but serviceable and well executed.  I can easily recommend the game."
76561198133152293,Recommended,330390,17909025,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,RPG Addict,"This game really is an old but true gem which doesn't need to hide from other famous (J-)RPG series.You'll find yourself drawn into some epic story of the classic ""Benevolent Light VS Evil Darkness"" archetype with a catchy soundtrack á la Iwadare, topped with a colorful memorable cast.The updates are released pretty quick, so you see that people care about this game.The new hard mode is quite enjoyable, but a ""Nightmare"" mode would be welcome for those who seek an overkill of a challenge.I'd recommend running it in Window mode at the current state (1.03). It gave me the least amount of problems.There ARE also FPS drops to be expected in some (outdoor) areas, so just you know. I'm pretty optimistic about this getting fixed in the near future as well."
76561198005641507,Recommended,330390,17924804,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,WilhemFaust,"Not much to say beside :""Grandia II is one amazing JRPG that everyone loving that genre should have played at least once and if you haven't yet it is still time to do it."""
,Recommended,330390,17913267,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Claytonaitor,"Grandia is one of the RPG greats! The story is epic and moving. It has an amazing realtime/turn-based hybrid combat system unlike any I have seen with fantastic abilities available. Voice acting is excellent (and a bit cheesy at times as you would expect from rpg anime). Overall, it is a great game.However,For hardcore fans who were after a nostalgic experience, you will notice that the sounds are off with moves and animations. the music loops fade out and start again instead of actually looping. All the sounds and voices themselves are badly balanced; they have updated recently to allow you to make adjustments to individual parameters but it is still not a fix. My last point might just be my perspective and can't be confirmed without playing the orginal format on PS2 but the special effects with magic and certain moves seem to have lost resolution in the transition to PC; It is very pixelated.This edition of the game gives me a nostalgic fix but I am constantly annoyed with all the little things that are not right with it.For new players who enjoy a story driven RPG, get it! You won't regret it."
76561198084114354,Recommended,330390,18954587,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Sagittario,"Ever played through a game four times because it was that damn good?  This guy has and that game was Grandia II!Grandia II is a bonafide five star RPG developed by Game Arts.  Everything about Grandia II is straight from the top drawer; the captivating story, the charming characters, the colourful artwork and music, and the best battle system to ever grace the RPG genre.  With Anniversary Edition introducing support for modern resolutions and frame rates, there has never been a better time to experience this absolute gem.Grandia II follows a cast of stereotypical RPG characters entangled in a classic tale of good vs evil.  The mix of light hearted humour and dark themes create a perfect platform for the excellent character development that takes the player on a rollercoaster ride of entertainment and emotions.Gameplay is smooth and seamless, complimented by a beautiful albeit limited soundtrack and charming sfx that really set the tone, creating a wonderfully alluring atmosphere unique to each location.  The battle system is a stroke of genius, incorporating a strategic factor into the active turn based system that introduces a unique twist in thought and planning to a somewhat stale format.Grandia II is far and away the best of the trilogy, a pure joy to play and one of the best RPGs ever made.Play it.  Play it now.  If you have already played it, play it again because that's what it means to be a Geohound!5 subligars out of 5."
,Recommended,330390,18173523,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,coldReactive (Iyeru),"Very good story, great game, and amazing graphics/etc. for its time. If you want a fantasy epic with heartstring pulling events and story-telling, you should pick this up right now. I played the original PC version when it was published by Ubisoft as well, and I can safely say that the dreamcast-based version you will find here, is far superior."
76561198098099671,Recommended,330390,18230224,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Seavo,"Im really glad to see this game on steam. I played years ago the PC version and imo its one of the best JRPG  maybe the best here on Steam, including enjoyable and challenging bossfights.Gameplay 10/10Story 7/10Soundtrack 10/10and the best thing on the Steamversion is it's hardmode and achievements. Every pens worth."
76561197997180428,Recommended,330390,17700481,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Pellefant,"Woohoo, what a nice surprise! Famous for winning the Pellefant Award for ""Loudest Footsteps in a Game Ever"" and ""Most Annoyingly Voiced Bird"", this game is also known as a very good JRPG. I didn't get very far on it back in the days, mostly due to the long loading times on the PS which annoyed the heck of me. On Steam the loading is much faster, gfx seems to have improved a bit and the battle system is as good as ever, so I'm looking forward to finally play this one through to the end. Thanks, GungHo!"
,Recommended,330390,17698202,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,martinjv,All I had to do was hear Elena's song and I KNEW the purchase was well worth it. :)
,Recommended,330390,19862800,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Freeza,"if youre looking for a great rpg to play, how about this?"
76561198082653293,Recommended,330390,25199433,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Jake_96,Fun jrpg
,Recommended,330390,18019697,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Hill,"Great classic RPG.  If you are a fan of the Final Fantasy series, this is a must play."
76561198072017110,Recommended,330390,30069525,Posted: 20 February,all,Ssenkrad_II,"One of the greatest if not THE greatest RPG combat systems to date. This game will remind you why you fell in love with RPG's- because they were fun to play...You might have forgotten that fact with the slew of ""new age RPG's"" which seem to only hold one of two candles anymore, 1. ""This game is for HARDCORE RPG PEOPLE! RARR!"" (Dark Souls) or 2. ""Movie, sound, and story... combat? actually playing a game? Nah..."" (FFXIII)You want a game that you play and actually have fun playing? A game that will make you smile and enjoy your time spent in it? Freakin buy this port!Played the game with XBOX ONE controller, no issues... Brilliant mate, brilliant..."
76561198070697713,Recommended,330390,17823772,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Dakarus,YOU BETTER PRACTICE IF YOU WANNA BEAT ME
76561198039546107,Recommended,330390,18205610,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,blight2345432,"Have played this game before and the new update to the graphics fixes the only problem I ever had with it, frame rate. Easily one of the best JRPG's I have ever played with a very detailed story and a perfect battle system."
76561197962519186,Not Recommended,330390,22693994,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Cidien,"As a Windows 10 user I had no sound when playing the game.  It seems like a pretty common issue, and I could not find a working fix.  As such, I had to request a refund.  It's too bad they don't care enough about this game to fix a game breaking bug like this which has been around since it launched.  I like Grandia II, but this port simply didn't work.*edit* As of this moment only 5/11 people found this review helpful.  Uh, I'm sorry that informing you that the game literally didn't work on Windows 10 wasn't ""helpful"" to you guys?  Not sure what else you want.  You could at least leave a comment if you're going to say it wasn't helpful, explaining how it wasn't helpful."
76561198038552111,Recommended,330390,23247075,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Phruler,Good game
,Recommended,330390,17952592,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,2bombs4u,"For me, I was over the moon when I found out this game was coming to Steam. Usually with games from my past, I learn pretty fast that my love for a game is based solely on nostalgia and that the game hasn't aged well. This is not the case with Grandia II. For me, it's still as fun to play as it was 15 years ago.I find the gameplay fun as well as the story interesting. The graphics still hold up pretty well and updates have been made to make them look better. There is a hard mode which, satisfies when the normal playthrough just isn't enough. Also for me there have been no crashes, however I have heard some people have experienced a few.Issues that were prevalent in the original release such as the audio voices being drowned out by the music have been fixed with updates allowing you to toggle with the voices, music and sound fx levels. Some people may be disappointed that there are no side quests really and avoiding encounters can be detrimental to you , especially in the later game as you need as high a level as you can get.I have had issues with the music. It replays and can cut off for no reason but this has been noted and said to be fixed in future updates.If you enjoy rpg's, Grandia II is essential to your Steam game collection."
,Recommended,330390,17973178,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Uzkniso o.o,"I separated the review in 2 parts: 1st part is about the overall game, 2nd is how it compares to the prequel.I'm using the classic pros(+)/cons(-) list.Part 1:+ The graphics of areas and characters look pretty good+ Lots of gameplay time, even if you never talk to any npcs, unless it's necessary+ Mini-games. What games ""of today"" even have those?+ Lots of cool items will keep you wondering which one to equip, esspecially at the endgame+ Exploration is rewarded with items. You are rewarded for not simply running from A to B, and exploring the area+ Pretty good story and ending, although, a little bit cheezy+ Lots of great characters with totally different personalities+ Hard difficulty is challenging, esspecially at the endgame+ Unique battle/skill/magic system+ Modding potential?- UI could have had higher resolution. One user already released an HD mod to fix this. This should have been a developers job- The game uses ""movies"" to tell the story and to display some skills, but the resolution is pretty bad- The game is very linear and that may be a turn off to some (can't explore areas, unless you progress the story)- A few more scenes could have been voice-acted. It would've helped the overall feel of the game/story- The game doesn't actually support widescreen (you can use high resolution, though)- Seems to be problems with some gamepads (I didn't have any, personally, though)- Probably uncomfortable to play without gamepad- Some bugs are not yet fixedVerdict of part 1:Worth buying, if you feel like taking it slow, getting to know what's going on in each town/area, exploring and looking for items/treasures. It's a classic rpg sort-of-HD remake. If you would like to play something, that's similar to psx/psone era games, then get it!Part 2:+ Better graphics than prequel+ Improved battle system+ Improved leveling/exp system (in prequel, it was a pain to level up the characters)+ More minigames- Overall lesser experience than the prequel (less towns, npcs, areas, monsters, etc)- Dungeons are way too predictable and mostly uninspired- Uses overall gear with the same effects as in the prequel- Characters could've had a few more skills. Only Millenia is the exception to this- Overall magic is the same as in prequel, nothing new was introduced, except that zap! now causes stun and poison deals damageVerdict of part 2:Overall a worse game, but still worth playing. If not for anything else, then to, at least, remember, how awesome was the prequel. In fact, the prequel was so good, that they used it's main OST when the credits were rolling. Good times!"
,Recommended,330390,17958856,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Alether,"10 years ago, i watched my dad played this game on the PS2.It was the coolest♥♥♥♥♥♥ever, even though i have no ♥♥♥♥ing idea what it's about.I remember the distinct footsteps sound that this game creates.Couple of days ago, i found this on steamSaw some youtube vids, decided to buy itNo regrets 10/10All cliches of jrpg is here but they execute them well enough.The story is ok, music is ok.The downside of this game is despite the battle system being really good, the mobs is really easy even on hard mode"
76561198034056506,Recommended,330390,17916964,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Shrimp Baby,"Not a single crash, 60FPS battles. Classic"
,Recommended,330390,17953172,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Sunder,"I played (and own) this game for the PS2. This port of the Dreamcast version is several miles above it, and I thought the PS2 Grandia II was pretty enjoyable.The combat in Grandia games are always enjoyable. There's quite a bit of strategy that makes battles more advantageous, but that doesn't mean you can't casually play as well. The moves are all flashy, and some of them even have 2D animation cutscenes.The story is a little cliche, but this is an old game. The characters are all compelling, and you become genuinely interested in their concerns.This is a great classic JRPG to bring to Steam, and I can only hope that more follow."
,Recommended,330390,17717221,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Zam,"Grandia 2 is still a good RPG, even in this day and age, however this port still suffers from the same bugs that have always existed. If you can deal with some frustration working around these bugs, you still have a great game on your hands."
76561198005041670,Recommended,330390,24094615,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,☫ Mohammed ☫,better then ffx :P
,Recommended,330390,17701190,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Ultima,"Pros:+It's Grandia II.+Everything, except for...Cons:-Even though it supports higher resolutions, it's not wide screen so you will have black bars.-They could have updated the font so it's clear to read, it's quite pixelated compared to the rest of the visuals.Either a 9/10 or 9.5/10, maybe 9.25/10."
,Recommended,330390,17949037,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Sethox,"I've came across this game at as a teen (12) and thrived in the feeling of Japanese ingenuity of RPG games and how creative you can be in such limited capacity (hardware). I borrowed this game from my friend to play it and I just loved it all. The grinding, the battle and the voice acting which at times was impressive for a translated game but the music was the thing that stuck. Since this is a ""port"" there is not much to say about the game as a whole.It's a great port, a few issues here and there such as walking sound is too loud, some enemy NPC makes their noices too loud as well.But as it seems that the game receives patches for the most obvious bugs, so record and state the bugs on forums and it likely to get fixed.Try it, it's worth your money and time.. just don't upscale the game to a HDTV screen.. the pixels can only be so big, it is an old game after all."
,Recommended,330390,17945171,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Hatosan ❤,"OMG , i play this game 5 time past , and suddenly it came in steam .. without hesitate i buy it and play it again .. love it :)"
,Recommended,330390,26172704,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Kychen,"One of best JRPG's I played, so far perfect port! :) A gem on PC, as very few games like this are available..."
,Recommended,330390,18661623,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,PunishedWhistle,stop crashing fukr
76561198018435795,Recommended,330390,20886612,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Hello Oblivion,3/10 would afk in again
,Recommended,330390,17729711,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Beethoven,"If you read this, you now have to buy Grandia II."
76561198173698025,Recommended,330390,23177369,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,amsb0930,Was a great game when it came out on PS2.  And it's still a great game on pc.  Controls may take a little to get used to but the story and gameplay are well worth it.
,Recommended,330390,17714871,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Ruydo,"Did someone there say that this game is awsom? If not I do!One of the best RPGs from 90-00 makes its comeback to the steam!PROs -- Grand story.- Grand music.- Grand characters.- Owerwhelming music!- Damn cool battle system.CONs -- It may get u asleep, 'cos there's sooooo much plot ...But♥♥♥♥♥the CONs. IT'S JUST PERFECT.P.S. I will gladly participate in making RU translation mode if someone is going to make it."
,Recommended,330390,17802595,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Dank Meme,I loved this game on the Sega Dreamcast. The battle system is top notch - and doesn't get boring. It's strategic. It's intuitive.The story is great. The music is amazing. The voice acting is top notch. Holds up very well to this day.The bad? 30 FPS lock. Even the Dreamcast version ran at 60 FPS. What the heckaroni?
76561198026606671,Recommended,330390,28441684,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Karusanota,One of my fav RPG from back in the day. Gald to see it get ported to the PC.
,Recommended,330390,18062138,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,USB-PC-Killer,"So, I got almost 2 hours into Grandia 2 Anniv. I cried, seriously. It's the small things in life that keep you going. Grandia 2 Anniv is literally the best 20 bucks I ever spent. It took everything I loved about the original Grandia 2 in my childhood and meshed it into one, including 60fps, no loading times, enemies with more initial health, and a gorgeous anti-aliasing graphics system. I can literally die tomorrow and be happy, since the impossible became literally possible. To Square, Game Arts, and Ubisoft, I thank you from the bottom of my heart."
76561198046906455,Recommended,330390,18030857,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Moondoggie,They just don't make JRPG's this good anymore! and backed by an awsome Team to port it over too! i easily recommend this game for anyone who loves the old school games. i rate it shut up and take my money! out of Ten.
76561198122168814,Recommended,330390,28633830,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,alexxbeazalbee,"This is my childhood game here, now being able to play it on a harder mode I know now what i'll be doing for the next couple days"
,Recommended,330390,32403753,Posted: 13 June,all,~#PrepareToDine~!,"I've never played the game before, but as far as I have played it in off time from other things, I do enjoy it. The dialogue is of course a bit...not great in English...but that's to be expected of anything before the mid 2000's coming from Japan. Aside from that, the combat system reminds me of the Tales games to a degree and the characters so far are charming in their own way. Another slight hindrance though is the framerate being capped to 30 outside of battle...and it's very nauseating for me as well as making my eyes hurt. Aside from those minor complaints, it is a type of JRPG I don't see a lot of, and I think it is no surprise this was a classic from the Dreamcast days. Get it if you enjoy your JRPG fixes!"
76561197991707354,Recommended,330390,23333868,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Iced Star,If you are a fan of classic JRPG\'s then this is a must have.
76561198169057775,Recommended,330390,29453633,Posted: 23 January,all,jcifrit,One of my all-time favorites
,Recommended,330390,26415829,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Elfilon,I hope I can hatch a magic chicken.10/10
76561198046529180,Recommended,330390,29104053,Posted: 7 January,all,Nonamegamer93,excellent game my only complain is that i wish it had updated the graphics more.
76561198060479322,Recommended,330390,24339013,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Turdferguson42,One of my favorite games of all time but this port is just awful. CRASH CRASH CRASH save every chance you get and god forbid you try to grind for a while CRASH gone.  Amazing game but if this still isnt under control this far into being released it never will be.  10/10 game 1/10 port that makes it unplayable. buy a dreamcast  because i abolutely recommend this game
,Recommended,330390,19408338,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Fuji,"Don't mind my nostalgia glasses, this game is worth it.  I first played this game on the sega dreamcast before I was a teenager, and it has always held a special place in my heart as one of the best RPGs (right next to Skies of Arcadia!).  Maybe part of that is because I never owned a playstation, but this game has got it going on!  It's got a silly, but good story with great societal undertones and overarching themes straight outta Literature 101.For the sadists out there, Hard mode... isn't hard.  There are secrets that are a pain to find, unless you google them.  The end game gets easy, but there are some bosses that can really stick it to ya.  Think of it like getting past Anor Londo in Dark Souls.  I put a good 30+ hours into it (I think?) and I think that's well worth the price tag."
,Recommended,330390,34226958,Posted: 13 August,all,kanamesama913,This game really brings me back to childhood!!  It's just as I remembered it to be!
,Recommended,330390,17701078,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,saberlost,"I just love this game, I played the old pc port so my review is based on my old liking of the game.Both the story and the combat is great. The combat feels like it aged fairly well ""semi-turnbased"".  It´s a dreamcast game so the graphics soso, but the at least it you can turn on AA and it at least the edges are smoth and looks ok.  :)Some small bugs here and there in this release but no major screwups yet in the port.Buy if you like JRPG."
76561197970515314,Recommended,330390,23917180,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,loak,Great fun game.  the Rpg action holds up well over time.  if you're looking for a good classic Jrpg look no further than this classic battle bettwen light and dark
,Recommended,330390,18031914,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Andarusan #cLashez,This was one of my very much loved games back on playstation. Out of all the ported games I have played this has hit home. The 60fps update is amazing. Grandia rocks my♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,330390,22117214,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Jarazz,"One of my best Role Playing Games, I've ever played.  Great for people who love an excellent story with interesting characters. Not many role playing games can compare."
,Recommended,330390,24195565,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,gravity,Classic! Fun game.Hard difficulty setting is AWESOME.
,Recommended,330390,19945022,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Dad,If you know this because of the ps2 and not the dreamcast/pc version I hope you choke. Just a little. If you don't know what a dreamcast is I hope you choke. Just a lot. 10/10
76561197985074373,Not Recommended,330390,30905153,Posted: 2 April,all,Gintoki_SakaKatana,"This game is a classic that I enjoyed on the PS2, as my Sega Dreamcast stopped working completely a long time ago. I thought that playing this version would be like playing it the way it was intended on its original platform, but this is not quite the case. The game will either crash to desktop randomnly, or hang when trying to enter different locations in the game even with the latest 1,07 patch, and all the possible updates, including my graphics card. I have contacted GungHo technical support twice about this issue with no answer. This is unacceptable. I paid good money for this game, and considering that not only do I have a very powerful PC with all the required updates, this should run just fine, but it does not. I might as well juist play my PS2 copy of the game, or track down a Sega Dreamcast and pay a fortune to play the game the way its intended to be played. This is the worst port I have ever came across on PC. If you want to play this game, do yourself a favor and play this on the PS2, or if you really feel adventureous, track down a Sega Dreamcast with a copy of this game. Whatever you do, don't waste your money on this poor excuse of a port.UPDATE: I understand that many of you will disagree with my review, but be aware that I have tried everything under the sun from running as administrator to tweaking with my graphic cards settings as I have been suggested by support, and it will still crash. I have forwarded my Dxdiag to GungHo, and even they said that there is not a problem with my system. So, if the problem is not with the system it is obviously the port. I even re-installed it multiple times to no avail. I really wanted to enjoy the port, and the upgrades it had to offer from an increased frame rate without even checking the 60 FPS box to the amazing addition of Japanese audio. Even with these features added, a broken game is a broken game. I tried hard to like it, but the crashes every 5-10 minutes or even 2 hours if I'm lucky destroys the experience for me. I'm saddened it has come down to this. If you still disagree with me, that is fine, you are all entitled to your opinions. I just wish I would have been able to enjoy an enhanced edition of the game without all of these game-breaking problems. I'll just go back to where I was with my PS2 version of the game."
,Recommended,330390,17697715,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Mæve Overdrive,"SKYY DRAGON SLASHHHHHDHFIOSHGI=J LKMOFG)JKVKM;RF Bseriously buy this, it's great!"
,Recommended,330390,18028267,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,burningmime,"The story is a very predictable good vs evil. The characters are streotypical and bland. The battle system is prosaic and passe. The graphics were good for the Dreamcast, which means bubkis in 2015, and high resolution and anti-aliasing do little to hide the poor textgure quality and simple models. The voice acting is weak. The level design is very simple. The port is lazy, with no mouse support and no rethinking of the controls for PC.But does any of that matter when the game is so damn FUN? It's more than nostalgia -- this game is genuinely well designed; the pinacle of all the JRPG cliches coming togetehr to make a game that's charming and well designed. The simple combat system belies some serious depth and the straightforward story is presented well. In 2015, this type of game might seem irrelevant -- and perhaps it is -- but that doesn't mean it's not enjoyable as all hell."
,Recommended,330390,31105858,Posted: 12 April,all,Suntop Kinseeker,"This is one of the better games for the Dreamcast at the time and Ports of modern. It has no crashing and the graphics are smooth. This game is a lot of fun and brings back memories of me sitting down in front of my Dreamcast and playing this wonderful game. Altough it is a bit echhie at times (no real nudity but implied wanting to mess around between the hero and the ""demon girl"") This game will provide many hours of fun, wit, and crazy antics. It is not easy either you have to use various plans to get passed some of the harder mini-bosses. Like CANCLEING effect so they cannot hit you for ludicrous damage.I give this 4.99 out of 5 why? No game is perfect. :) Enjoy the game. It is worth full price unlike Tales of Zestiria that crashes constantly."
76561198000631364,Recommended,330390,17710325,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,SteelLink HighBlade,the game from our past returns nice game
76561198043787903,Recommended,330390,28893233,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,fatso catso,this game destroyed my sleep schedule10/10
76561197983982841,Recommended,330390,22274052,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Chris,best rpg
,Recommended,330390,17701733,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,[LSSAH]Canzah,"Pretty solid port, could use a native widescreen option though as well as 60FPS though as far as I know the game logic is tied to framerate and nothing can be done about this. Supports keyboard with custom button mapping as well as controllers, dual audio, all in all solid port job."
,Recommended,330390,17729491,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Top Nep,I am going through an emotional whirlwind. The nostalgia drive cannot be throttled. Help me Tio.
,Not Recommended,330390,26327657,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Hmong_Pabej,Can't determined if this worth it right now. After about 24 minutes I can't even play without the game crashing every 5 minutes or so. Will most likely request a refund and wait until this is fixed.Playing this on the newest ASUS Republic of Gamers laptop with the GTX 1070 and a i7 6700
,Recommended,330390,26133059,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,sambro0243,"Decent story, good music and gameplay for its time."
,Recommended,330390,28308902,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,RickGastly,"This is a good game but having read a number of reviews I think it's overrated particularly because it’s such a short game and there are no side quests. (I completed it in under 40 hours). The lack of information regarding spells makes it difficult to know which spells are worth levelling. I often felt like I was rolling dice each time I levelled up a spell or technique. The graphics look atrocious in 2016 and I feel like mouths should have been added to the characters during the cut scene at least. In addition, there is some voice acting but most of the time there isn't and the inconsistency is a bit annoying."
76561197960843546,Recommended,330390,28808972,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Lightwing,Such a  classic game !.
76561198076905385,Not Recommended,330390,22751253,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,flevesque124,Im in a bug that freeze game and i hear they not correcting this one with the annivesary edition.I tried many time and that the same thing again and againI want my money back because that make me lose my time for nothing.Im very angry with that so correct this or give me back my money
76561198042009618,Not Recommended,330390,17718427,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Neom,"Massive amounts of audio and gameplay/animation bugs. The devs seem to be responding, and hopefully will sort everything out. But as it is right now, it feels like the game was not playtested at all. A fairly big disappointment given how little was actually changed from the Dreamcast version. However, I do like that they included a hard mode and Japanese audio.Will refund now, and hopefully in a few months they will get this sorted out; and it will be thegame that should have been released initially. As it stands, I cannot accept this level of unfinished work, and will be giving a negative review."
76561198091026980,Not Recommended,330390,29383332,Posted: 20 January,all,justintwalter,"Controller support is utterly broken. For a console port, I have to strongly discourage it. the game is good but you cant sell it as a broken port. I'll try again when it's patched. None of the driver fixes on the internet helped me"
,Recommended,330390,17701185,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,terry309,"When I first played Grandia 2 back on the PS2, it blew me away, a great cast of characters, soundtrack and an innovative combat system for it's time. What more could you want out of an RPG?Despite It's linearity Grandia 2 has so much attention to detail, particularly with NPC's and dialogue. Grandia 2 is very dialogue heavy but it's dialogue is what makes it such a stand-out title amongst other JRPG's. Unlike standard JRPG's where the NPC's talk to you and you walk away, Grandia 2 makes the NPC's relevant by adding character interaction whilst talking to them as opposed to them talking to what might as well be a brick wall. This gives more life to the world and more personality to the characters and setting. It's a truly unique experience that cannot be missed.The combat is slightly imbalanced at times but is pretty enjoyable and has a few innovative ideas to spice it up. I reccommend playing on the game's hard difficulty though as Normal is a tad easy. Hard makes it so that you actually need to use some strategy if you want to progress smoothly. The battle music is easily the most awesome battle music i've ever heard in a videogame (the music that plays in the trailer). The rest of the soundtrack is also great, it gives off this 80's vibe which adds even more personality to the game. There's just something so quirky about the soundtrack and the narrative that makes it really alluring to play.The visuals in the original were admittedly pretty mediocre, not because of the art design, mainly because of the quality. That is fine tuned considerably in this version and the world looks bright and colorful, it might not be everyones cup of tea but it's definitely nice to look at in this version.All in all, this is an underrated classic and is my second favourite JRPG of all time for a reason. You should seriously pick this up and surprise yourself with this gem if you consider yourself a fan of this genre.Note: There are a few crashing issues post battle, best way to avoid them is to not skip the xp screen. This may be patched later."
,Not Recommended,330390,23862416,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Vanquish,"Game is alright, but I do have my concerns: They are:1. Not very optimally ported for PC. Only keyboard and no mouse support.2. Camera control is a nightmare. It gets better with time, but some maps (beginning map even), drive me crazy.3. Lots of random crashes with limited save points, which means you lose progress for unsaved portion of the game if your game crashes.4. Long cut scenes and plenty of cinematics, with no option to skip. This can be viewed as both great and nay. Great for those who like a good storyline, which I am fine with it. Nay when your game crashes, and you have to go through the same cinematics again! (cut scenes usually vary from 2-8 minutes).5. Combat can be slow, especially for magic castings, as they have short cinematic in the execution.My recommendation is, buy this if you have patience (a great deal of it, especially with crashes), or if there is a good buy on steam"
,Not Recommended,330390,23918455,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,MindfulOcean,"I made it through about half of the game (based on my location and looking at a guide) before giving up.  I love classic RPGs, and I actually owned a Dreamcast as a kid.  I was excited to get to play Grandia II for the first time after all these years since I missed out on it when it was first released.  I wanted very badly to enjoy the game and then be able to recommend it to others, but I didn't enjoy it and I can't recommend it.Let's start with what Grandia II does well.  It has that classic early 2000s feel to it.  The character and environment designs gave me a Skies of Arcadia vibe.  The music is also excellent, and when it doesn't crash, the game runs buttery smooth on a modern PC.  Despite the low poly count, the visuals are excellent and very crisp.So what's wrong with it?  The game is a complete chore to play.  While I will give the game props for trying something new with a turned-based battle system, it feels incredibly slow and each battle actually eats up a fair amount of real time.    Spell and special attack animations are also extremely lengthy.  I've played a ton of RPGs, and I've never had my patience tested this badly.  While the visuals are great, the locations you visit are all extremely small.  To make up for this, you are thrust into lengthy battle after lengthy battle as you traverse the small, uninteresting environments.  In addition to the environments being bland, there is no minimap and the horrendous camera makes navigating a real pain.What about the story or the characters?  Can either of those redeem the game?  No.  The story is literally Light vs. Darkness, with some bit of Darkness being contained in seemingly every town you visit.  Everything just feels so bland.  In a certain sense, to the point at which I stopped playing, it felt like Final Fantasy I level storytelling.  The characters don't change or grow in any way during the first half of the game, and their interactions feel extremely forced.I should also say a word about instability.  The game apparently crashes frequently and without warning for a number of people; others occasionally experience serious slowdown.  I experienced a grand total of one very surprising crash and fairly frequent (but brief slowdown).  If you plan on buying this, make sure it runs well for you during the two hour refund window.  Battles take ages, and losing progress between save points over and over again would become maddening.Even if you don't mind slow games and love classic JRPGs, I'd still say pass on this one unless you've played it before and know you are going to like it.  If you want a slow-paced game that is a lot of fun and features well-written characters and dialog, give Legend of Heroes a try instead."
76561197969418873,Not Recommended,330390,23202318,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,FrequentlySane,"Grandia II was hands down an amazing game.  A real gem from the dream cast era, that had a cool, innovative for the time combat system, great animation, and excellent writing.  And without question, the best moment of this new anniversary edition is when you - in tears of frustration from on reinstalling drivers, dealing with broken controls, and constant game crashes - give up, dig your old PS2 out of storage, plug it in, and play Grandia II.  Because at that moment, you'll be playing the game, AND know full well that steam will be there to give you a refund for this miserable, broken, unplayable excuse for a port.Seriously:* XBox one controllers cause the camera to rotate constantly, only stoppable by unplugging the controller.* Thankfully I didn't have sound issues, but lots of other people did.* Entering the combat screen for me immediately reset the game to the title screen without saving.* I never even got that far, but if you talk to the combat tutorial guy in the first town, then the first boss becomes bugged and you have to restart the game.Some day they might fix these, and I guess it would be a great buy if that happened, but it's already had like 4 patches since release and it's still completely broken.  IF YOU BUY THIS, TEST IT AND BE PREPARED TO ASK FOR A REFUND."
,Not Recommended,330390,25369599,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,0£d5¢hò.0£rÖ¢k$t@R,"This game is one of my favorites. However the pc verson has a few bugs that makes the game usless on random machines. My old pc works great, but when I use Zap the game freezes randomly. If the annimation complete before the character talks then it's a forsure stuck in a loop. You can hit buttons and wait for eternity, but nothing much will happen besides the screen shaking. ONly if the could fix this bug that I will recommend this product. Otherwise get it for PS2 or Dreamcast."
76561198145350557,Recommended,330390,26227240,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Metroid4Prime,A good old JRPG.
,Not Recommended,330390,18925602,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Laura,"Grandia 2 was and still is my favourite PS2 game, so naturally i was elated when it became available on steam. It is such a shame that the game essentially unplayable.1) I first installed the game onto my PC. it ran very slow, literally as if it had been put in slow motion.2) it took me well over half an hour to get through the into scene due to audio issues and again, Slowness.3) I installed on my laptop, thinking it maybe was my PC, after scouring the internet for fixes i had to turn off most of the features in the settings.4) finally got the movement to where it should be but the DIALOGUE BOX is extremely slow. I am a fast reader and it was just pure irritating, spamming the buttons to make it go quicker, to no avail.when you get spoken scenes, the written dialogue box does not match, and you find yourself waiting ages for the written box to catch up.This is why i have given this game a negative rating. This game and the story are AMAZING and i have completed them many times over the years on my PS2. However the developers seem to have released the game with that many issues/bugs and although they have released patches in an attempt to fix some of the bugs, the game is still UNPLAYABLE.Such a shame."
76561198131672271,Recommended,330390,28885569,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Koyuki Himekawa,"JRPG's are my favorite genre. If you disagree, then you shouldn't play video games becuase you have bad taste....>_< Grandia is a classic that everybody should play it you will love the charming story of this game."
76561197968444412,Recommended,330390,17879456,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,iemander,"This is the first port where the devs went through great lengths to get it fixed. They went even so far as to add 60FPS. Double thumbs up.The game itself is a classic for a reason, not going to add words to that."
76561198021057760,Not Recommended,330390,34123818,Posted: 9 August,all,beastking,"I played the original PC port some time ago, and while the controls took some getting used to it was still worth it and pretty fun. This port is an insult to the original PC one. The contols feel like they where just put at random intervals on the keyboard and it suffers from the same audio syncronisation issues that plagued the Capcom HD remakes. If you can get your hands on the original Grandia 2 physical copy release then go for it, but avoid this one...unless you're a fan of finger twister and out of place audio."
76561198001275155,Recommended,330390,27358488,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FePPo,10/10!
,Not Recommended,330390,20557542,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,KellFromHell (D/S),"What it doesn't tell you, these reviews - is that it doesn't go fullscreen. You get black bars on the side. No widescreen.Which is honestly distracting. Because I can play the game on my PS2, on my new TV, and have it stretch to fit the screen. With no noticeable defects.If there are ANY options to fiddle with, I can't access them. The game doesn't recognize the keyboard, it doesn't recognize the buttons of my controller. Once I'm in the game, I'm stuck.I don't find it a very good port at all.So if you're a fan of the game when it was on the PS2 or Dreamcast, and think it'll be the same? It won't. Make sure you understand that before you buy it."
,Not Recommended,330390,22778794,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,king of the kill,crashes and fails to launch
76561198258319628,Not Recommended,330390,19327145,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,superterryhu,"Just the bugs. Bugs ruined everything. I loved this game, not ultil I got crashed 5 times while I'm fighting with bosses. This game is not really that good for you to spend 20 bucks to play, and the bugs just let me feel disappointed about it, Especially when the game crashed during a long boss fight. Just DO NOT buy it, it was a classic, it truely was, but it will never be."
76561198033487878,Not Recommended,330390,18818720,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,WithFieryTruth,"Still not working properly with an Xbox One controller on Windows 10. Camera keeps spinning, and I've tried every ""solution"" I've found online to no avail.Can't possibly recommend this game until this issue is fixed."
76561198132064096,Not Recommended,330390,18649541,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,aztecprince0523,"It would be nice to play a game I paid money for.  But no matter what i do i can't even get past the start menu. no mater what button i set, i cannot make the cursor go up to even start the game. I want my money back and to anyone who reads this. don't buy it until they fix it. it was a great game back on the PS2 but now whatever they did butchered the controls where you can't even start the game. paying money to just stare at a start screen is a rip off."
76561197987926170,Not Recommended,330390,18200751,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,giantorange,Would not recommend. Has a game breaking bug that causes it to sometimes not let you get past a certain boss fight
,Not Recommended,330390,21871027,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,dark_syntax,"The worst port ever made. My computer is not a big and powerful machine but it is powerful enough to run 3d games like Batman and Tomb Raider. But this games just runs awful. Lowered every possible option and the game just runs on slow motion most of the time. Boos battles are like 20% speed and the captions dont even match the voices. This game is beautiful but its still an old game, it doesnt make any sense at all. I always wanted to play this game and now Im stuck with a 20 dollar slowpoke that isnt even fun because of the speed it runs in. Unless you have a Gaming Computer capable of running the most powerful games in the industry, do not buy this game."
76561198021806833,Not Recommended,330390,19992865,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,k-mita,"UghI have grandia 2 for the ps2 and I remember parts of the game but I couldn't recall if I ever beat it. So instead of digging out the old ps2 i spent a few dollars on the pc version. Well, now I remember why I never finished it. I loved grandia 1, but by the time I had grandia 2 in my hands I was old enough that I really could no longer appreciate horrible writing. This game is full of stupid characters and stupid dialogue. It seems to me that I had originally progressed very far in the game before the story finally made me put it aside because as I was replaying it I seemed to know what was going to happen. Then again, maybe that was just boring, predictable, and awful storytelling that allowed me to predict stuff I hadn't seen. Either way, I gritted my teeth and finally finished it. Now to delete it from my ssd and forget about it all over again."
,Not Recommended,330390,19319034,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Jacob,"10 hours in and the game has crashed to desktop twice and entered an unplayable state another two times, all at different locations. After the disappointing amount of bugs reported at launch, I was hoping Anniversary Edition would be a worthwhile purchase after seeing the hefty changelog. Apparently not. Grandia II is a fantastic game and it deserves better than this. Go play the Dreamcast version or the PS2 port.Still going to soldier on because I love Grandia, but damn, get it together."
,Not Recommended,330390,22098683,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Zero Talent,Waste of money. Controls won't work.
,Not Recommended,330390,20173952,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Shena'Fu,"Boring movie wannabe snorefestI don't get why people keep saying it's one of the best JRPGs.Only played 120 minutes so far. Very poor pacing between story and combat, neither of which can hold your interest in any way. It was 100 minutes of boring talk about same old good vs evil, and 20 minutes of boring exploration and combat. Map designs are simple and linear.Can't save anywhere but specific places inns and rainbow spotlights. But the dialogue goes on and on, so you're always anxious to save and not lose progress, else you must watch the whole thing again."
,Recommended,330390,26425541,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,maximalasozial,10/10
,Not Recommended,330390,34053179,Posted: 5 August,all,MiniTaurus,"Mixed experience for me based on personal opinion, because of preferences in dark theme and looong battle animation. After some thought... it comes to not recommended review.I think the game is around 30-40 hours.A jrpg with dark theme, the story is about fighting darkness god, Valmar, which is have it's body parts separately sealed. So the party will have to face body parts, tongue, eye, etc.Battle is ok, magic animation feels long @_@ I hope there's a option to skip it... Because spells/skills that hit hard have long animation.And I have experience screen freeze because of it, first and last happened when first battle againts Millenia using zap spells. Solved it by turn off 60fps option and try lowering graphic option.Iconic skills Sky Dragon Slash is here too!I have finished this game in hard mode, pretty easy because there's plenty of save place that recover all, hard notable fight is enemy on bonus stage, Raul Hills maze enemy (have spell that hit hard almost one hit kill), sequential boss fight on last dungeon, and last boss ^^ps: waiting for Grandia Xtreme ^^"
,Not Recommended,330390,20362385,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,bigturd,B.I.B.L.E. = Basic Instructions Before Leaving Earththis game blows btw
,Recommended,330390,17703407,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,𝓥𝓲𝓷𝓬𝒆𝓷𝓽,Best game ever ! :3
76561197992949770,Not Recommended,330390,17768800,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Juts,"Pros: One of the best RPG's ever madeCons:* Ported horribly.* Sound effects are jarring and loud, footsteps are like gunshots.* Xbox one controller support doesnt work* No widescreen (understandable I guess, given source material)Refunded for now, but I will rebuy if they decide to patch this significantly"
76561198115983617,Not Recommended,330390,32246462,Posted: 7 June,all,adoepping2,"I'm very disappointed in the responsiveness to my problems with this game by Steam. I was able to get up to Millenia's first battle and right as she uses ""ZAP!"" the game freezes and I am unable to continue the game. I requested a refund and since i tried to fix the problem before writing a ticket I exceeded a game time of 2 hours. Not only was I denied a refund twice (I tried explaining my problem), I was offered no further assistance on the matter."
76561198055299464,Not Recommended,330390,17865253,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,onicio,Grandia 2  is  amazing  game!  But please don't buy this release its extimly heavy end  buggy.  Grphic  is slowing almous  everywher. I mean how can game witch such graphic demand such high spec.  But lucky me i have found 2 cd in my closed with normal version of this game so i can enjoy it properly.  Grandia ftw
76561197985947785,Not Recommended,330390,18272474,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,The Texas ChainSnook Massacre,The first Grandia was better.Forced story :(THE BEST combat system ever made :)6/10The first Grandia was better.
76561198085926417,Not Recommended,330390,19270847,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Coleco_84,"""Anniversary Edition"" my♥♥♥♥♥ game doesnt even have widescreen support! emulating the Dreamcast version looks better AND has widescreen. The game itself still as good as 15 years ago, but I cant recomend paying 20 bucks for it...10 dollars? maybe. 5? get it."
,Not Recommended,330390,17820568,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Happy Spanker,"Can't even start a game because the cursor can't move up. Though from the looks of other bug reports, not being able to start a game might actually be the best option...-1/10 Would refund again."
76561198141241405,Not Recommended,330390,17885245,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Kaz,"This is a great old game. However, you gotta change the system, since the time has changed.Data Saving is possible only at certain points? That's ridiculous. I wanna play for a short time, but this constraint forces me to play at least 1 hour per play.. It's hard to secure play time  for not a heavy gamer like me."
,Not Recommended,330390,17730724,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,pepincity,"it's really meant for the nostalgic (whom have already bought the game), and not really for newcomers.So, the achievements and the pictures are filled with spoilers,and there is no explanation about the mechanics.For the nostalgia, it's great, and it's a very good game in itself, but if you've never played it, maybe look somewhere else."
,Not Recommended,330390,17768365,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Shunmasan,"This game is not that good. I cannot recommend this game.- Theres nothing to explore in town. There are no treasure chests or closets to open. There are no hidden items. The non-story related houses are not worth exploring since there is no one in there or someone with nothing interesting to say.- Even if you reach the next town, it never makes you feel ""Finally! I made it!"". The trips feels so short. The world is also extremely small.- You can see enemy hp so you always know when the enemy will die. Makes game less intense.- Bosses are too easy. Game is easy compared to lots of JRPGs in general.- The critical system in battle is cool, but everything else about the combat system is too basic and predictable due to the timer bar at bottom of screen. No situation where you will need to take some chances.- Camera is so zoomed up It's hard to see around you.- Don't get much sense of adventure since everywhere is just a short dungeon or a village.- Characters are boring and lifeless. There is also no way to speak to them or ask for help (Probably because you won't need help since you always know where to go next). They join you too easily too.- Dungeons/Maps are so linear. Its like walking in a straight line there is no feel of exploration and no way to get lost.- You don't feel much accomplishment from leveling up.- Weapons/Armors at shops are so cheap and provide only a small boost so carrying money feels useless.- Music is not catchy. Grandia 1 music sounds a lot better.- Very little variation in monsters and bosses- Story that feels like its some kind of epic story idea coming from a teenager. Tries to put in some unnecessary drama and ended up predictable and boring.The only good part is that its an old rpg that got rereleased on pc and its cheap.It doesn't make sense how some people can call this game the best jrpg unless this is the only jrpg they have played."
76561198056106029,Not Recommended,330390,17719585,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,tsunami0ne,Pros:* Textures have been updated* higher resolution* Much improved shadowsCons:* Many sound effects are way too loud* Music doesn't loop properly* No widescreen* Font looks fuzzy
76561197989547755,Not Recommended,330390,25136740,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,_Keef_,Time was you could read through a games manual before playing and get a good feel for the game. Understand the basics and learn a bit about the game. I am sure they made one for the original so why not just put it onto pdf format and put it in one of the files. Do not buy unless you are prepared to blindly learn how things work including keyboard commands and also learn that xbox one controller is bugged with this game.
,Not Recommended,330390,32985102,Posted: 29 June,all,S7.RainbowDash,"Great port, holy crap game is generic linear and easy."
76561197974518629,Not Recommended,330390,17703319,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,-SNiGS- Jisoo Long Qua,"The game is bugged. If you talk to any of the tutorial guys and then continue to play the game will cause unexpected glitches in the game make it so that you can't play the game. I talked to the first battle tutorial guy in the game and then went to fight Millenia. All she did was cast Stram and never casted Zap which is supposed to end the battle. If she doesn't cast it then you can't get past the fight. Also, this fight is hour 30 into the game and it is stupid that I have to start over in order to get past this part.Please do not buy the game until this bug is fixed. Apparently, this bug has been around since the first time Grandia 2 was released on PC and they still haven't fixed this bug."
,Not Recommended,330390,17718254,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Metal Ender,"This is a fine game in its own right, but unless you have a decent machine it won't run well."
76561198056669775,Not Recommended,330390,17706177,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Oddvious,"This version... Is just bugged to the days... Although I definitely want to play I just can't. Spiders almost one hit you at the start of the game. And then when you finally reach that Millenia B****. She spams the same move over and over until she ends up attacking you till you die, impossible to win and move forward into the game.This port... They could have at least refined some of the glitches before releasing it. Complete bullsh*t. It looks as if no one tested the game before releasing it on steam.That being said, once/if they fix up these bugs, plus the others multiple people have encountered, I would definitely recommend this game :)"
76561198044333573,Recommended,330390,30384517,Posted: 7 March,all,GandGaming,"This is not a review, lol. More like me giving this game appraise because this is one of my favorite games of all time. First time playing this game was on the Dreamcast (best console in the world). This game has easily one of the best soundtracks, great story, great character development and fun combat. Give it a try, you will not be disappointed!"
,Recommended,330390,27242972,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Madster,"Amazing old school jrpgAnybody that wants a blast from the past, try this one for size"
,Recommended,330390,18015373,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,gustinex,"The Good:-JRPG goodness-Not FFXIII-Nice girlsThe Bad:-Game crashes (3 times so far, maybe I alt-tabbed too much)"
76561198093601587,Recommended,330390,17993907,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,sadek,"loved this game on dreamcast, loved this game on ps2 and even now on steam still loving it, out of all of the grandia games 2 has to be my favorite, the story, gameplay, combat system, the skill and magic level system.If you are looking to try out a good jrpg then i recommend you get this game if you already haven't"
76561198041192803,Recommended,330390,17986534,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,CaptainAsteroth,"-Detailed review. TLDR Pros/Cons near the bottom-The story is a straight forward, though perhaps a bit generic in some regards. Like a lot of J-RPGs the main character, Ryudo, is a bit of a dark hero where he's crude and blunt with people to begin with but over time grows more mature and attached to the people around him. There's some small twists in the story, but if you're paying attention and think about it a little as things go on, you'll probably see them coming. Character wise you're followers are at least mildly interesting, namely Millennia in my opinion who I think really steals the show in this game. She's fun and colorful and interacts with several individuals in interesting ways. So as far as story, don't expect too much in terms of depth but but the characters are what make it stand out against the background.The combat system has aged fairly well considering it's been 15 years since the release on dreamcast and has some decent depth to it even in this day in age for RPGs. There's some thinking and combo set ups to make certain things more effective which can be really cool. However, as you get further in levels some of these elements become less important as you outscale the enemies or can one-shot multiple enemies with some skill or magic attacks. Boss fights in this game is the real golden zone for tense combat where being tactical is a bit more important and relatively constant through the game. Hard mode which was added to this port further pushes for this and at times I found myself using stuff I didn’t need to bother with before. If you're looking for some fair but difficult bosses, go ahead and play hardmode, just be warned that until you get a second party member that things might be a bit more difficult.Graphically, the game is alright. It's 15 years old so I cant say I would expect too much, BUT the textures have been very nicely improved with this release. Detail is much more notable on character design and colors are more flushed out which is very nice. There's some issues with the game's resolution as it only is in 4:3 unless you force the aspect ratio to change which will skew the character models. There's some tearing that happens occasionally which is annoying, but for the most part is fairly solid. Music in this game is a bit of a mixed bag. There’s times where is rather good, others that’s generic and other times leaves something to be desired even if it is old. There’s just a lot of music in here that’s simply not memorable at all. Game length however is pretty good. Depending on what you decide to do this game can last anywhere between 20-30 hours which for the price isn’t too bad. When on sale I would say that it is very well worth the money.Now let's talk about the port. This is where I would like to give SkyLabs the credit that's due to them. At launch, this game had a laundry list of issues going on with it. Some of them just annoying, some of them that actually broke the game and made progress impossible or flat out kill you. However, these guys have been amazingly faithful to this game and has fixed tons of these problems and also added many of the things I wanted in features. Lots of resolution options even up to 4K, 60 FPS battles (which is huge), audio sliders, rebindable keys, gamepad support and audio language options (English/Japanese). 60 FPS battles is particularly what sold me on these guys in my opinion because it picks up the combat speed just a little bit so it doesn’t feel as long, but also makes it run so much smoother. Currently this function doesn’t seem to play well with windowed mode but this may be my own issue, fullscreen works with it just fine. One thing I would love see though is a fullscreen windowed option, but hopefully we see this in the future. On the bad side, the game still has a few crashing and audio issues that have caused me to leave it alone for a while before returning to it because I was annoyed with it.Overall, I’m glad I’ve bought this game. It’s been a nice nostalgia trip, but even as a game still holds itself up well. If you’re into J-RPG style games like final fantasy it’s certainly worth picking up.TLDRpros+Great combat system+Interesting characters and places+Decent game length for the price 20-30 hours+Fair and difficult boss fights on hardmode+VERY faithful patching+60 FPS combat for a formerly 30FPS game+Retextured into higher resolutionCons-Fairly generic story, though charming at times-Music not so great at times-Easy non-boss enemies-Couple of technical issues still exist (likely to be fixed)-No Fullscreen WindowedIn all, Grandia II is a great addition to an RPG lineup if you’re looking for something more mechanically deep than in story. Short of the small issues with the game I would recommend it, especially if the game goes on a sale."
,Recommended,330390,19367555,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,tw000,"Near perfect port so far.  After being a huge fan of the Dreamcast version, this game runs and plays exactly how I remember it."
,Recommended,330390,19387002,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,<Blank>,"Couldn't believe my eyes when i saw this coming to steam. Used to spent many hours to play this game, a rare treasure indeed, even in this age. Oh btw, i did wait for the sale off.A review eh? been a while since the last time i actually write anything. But grandia 2 is just great, way too good to skip, if you are fan of rpg.The story is decent, not much twist, smooth from the beginning to the end. Yet a good one that will stay in your memory for life. If you ask me, no this is not a love story, pretty much.Graphics? at that time, it was quite stunning, with all the 3D and stuff. There are a few glitches around, but none are game breaking. The UI is easy to use. The movie can't compare with final fantasy series, if i remember correctly it was FF VIII when grandia 2 went up against.Combat, magic and skills system are great. While they are in the same common pattern *move up, hit and move back rpg*, grandia 2 did offer some great addition to that, there are quite a lot of spells and skills to use, with each of them has their own effect that can make the combat easier. You can spend your hard earned SP and MP to level up your spells and skills of your choice. Some are better than others, heh heh can't blame them.The sound track in this game is by far too great. I used to save at the inn at the beginning just to listening to Elena's song. That was before I got the whole CD. One great thing in this anniversary is it allows you to reduce the foot step sound.Characters? Ryudo is just a same old boring main char, if you know what i mean. Elena is a oh-so-sweet-little-girl you can meet anywhere in jrpg. Mareg, can't say much about him, Roan, a little trouble maker yet good friend, Tio, she doesn't talk much, but she is one of my favorite. Millenia? better than Elena.P.S: Elena is a b*tch, really, leave now! or ice cream!P.P.S: I will see if the hard mode actually make the game harder, the original one is just way too easy, the last boss can't even move, at all, if you know what you are doing."
76561198066379675,Recommended,330390,19383894,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,DotaProism,This is my childhood game so I have a bias but needless to say this game is so good that I am willing to buy it 15 years later.The story is amazing and this port is excellent which is the most important part.Im playing with an Xbox controller and I have had no problems.10/10
,Recommended,330390,19393978,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,The Cross,when setting up no pause when loosing focus and removing 60fps in battle the game works perfect.
,Recommended,330390,19437905,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Pise,5/4
,Recommended,330390,19452813,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,GraveHammer,"Great Game. Played it when I was a kid, and It's just as great as I remember. Definately reccomend"
76561198142674114,Recommended,330390,30643050,Posted: 20 March,all,ajvickery,"I played the original Grandia many years ago on a games console and was looking forward to playing this game and capturing some of the nostalgia of those times. The game has a good storyline and combat system. It is, however, not without its flaws which I have summarised below.- Game was originally designed for a console so the PC controls are a bit clunky but you do get used to them.- There are two difficulty settings, normal and hard. On normal the routine battles are a bit easy and tend to get tedious after a while with only the boss battles really setting a challenge and requiring a bit of strategy. I tried playing game on hard setting which made the routine battles more enyable and challenging but made the encounters with the bosses nearly impossible to win.- Some of the breaks form the action to tell the story are a little long winded and spoil the momentum of the game.Despite some of the above niggles it is a good game and is available at such a good price now ( especially if you wait for a sale ) that  it is well worth playing this game and taking a trip down memory lane."
76561197993308110,Recommended,330390,17762146,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,a_da_chuch,"My absolute favorite RPG, multiple playthroughs and I still look forward to playing it again. It has an incredibly fun battle system, great storyline and character development, and the music is fantastic. The voice acting can be cheesy at times, but you'll be having so much fun you'll hardly notice. If you're looking for a stellar RPG to sink 30-40 hours into (depending on how much you farm xp), this is the game you should play."
,Recommended,330390,18363045,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Trevidation,"This game is quite fun. I appreciate the storyline and it really is a unique battle system. I haven't played since the last 3 updates because of work and college, but I can bet they only made the game even better since I had a chance to play it last. I highly reccomend it. Great and fun game."
,Recommended,330390,18333638,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Renih,This makes me so happy.
76561198028114601,Recommended,330390,18339095,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Granny,"Anyone who doesn't have Grandia 2 under their belt is missing out.Fantastic game, relatable and inspiring characters with a great turn based combat system and skill system to match.For those of you with a keen ear Ryudo is voiced by Cameron Clarke, or as 90's kids would have known him Leonardo from the tmnt cartoon. After you play this seek out and play the first installment of Grandia too!"
,Recommended,330390,18407084,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,profile-name,"Cool game, if you like classic style RPG you will like this game. I really think the game stands up well to time but there are some things that make it nearly a miss. First you will notice the graphics are not updated across the board there are some icons and backgrounds that are low resolution. Luckily the world looks very nice and the low polygons are offset by nice texture maps.The party of characters is smallish 3 or 4 usually at a time, and no switching I believe just auto party formed as the story goes and changes. But there is alot of story in the world and there are alot of interesting things happening in the world.The music is good too, its not the best but none of the tracks are very grating or annoying. Its nice to play a game that also has a some what serious tone to it at times. Its talks alot about how people treat others and let narrowmindedness take over from fear.Minus' in my book are the text moves at a stuttering pace, very tedious at times. The world is zoomed in alot and you don't see alot of the area around you. There are some sort of slow battle animations it make the game feel dated.Graphics: 9 (this includes overall feel and stlye as well as resolutions)Sound: 8 (the sounds are effects and voice acting)Music: 9 (music in gameplay)GamePlay: 8 (battle system and menu traversal)Story: 8 (the world and the games central themes)"
76561198133893973,Recommended,330390,18324633,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,OdInIsGoD,GAME IS GOOD EXCEPT I ALWAYS GOT KICK OUT FOR NO REASON AND ALSO THE SAFE POINT IS TOO FAR APART. WHICH MEANS I HAVE TO REDO EVERYTHING AGAIN. OMG.. IF YOU WANT TO PUT THE SAVE POINT FAR APART AT LEAST MAKE A GOOD GAME AND NOT GAME FULL OF BUG AND KEEP KICKING US OUT OF THE GAME
,Recommended,330390,18284904,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Kretical,"This is why I bought the dreamcast.This game alone was the reason for, and validation, for purchasing an entire gaming system.  I have fond memories of pouring hundreds of hours into the first Grandia on the PS1, and this game fixed all that was wrong with the first.  The unique time-gauge battle was ahead of it's time, the story and characters cause you to question who you are really rooting for.  This game is fairly similar to that of Chrono Trigger in that you don't have the need/urge to grind for hours to continue on the story... but honestly, what jrpg lover DOESNT love the occasional grind?I highly recommend this game to any RPG/JRPG lover"
,Recommended,330390,18291569,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Shackleford,"As a child, this was the first game I binge'd on, and paid the price of a fried Dreamcast. Best combat of any RPG, solid story to keep you wanting to play it through. A must for any Square enix fan or RPG fan at all."
76561197990013284,Recommended,330390,18033554,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Shifto,This game was so good I wish I could play it again.
,Recommended,330390,18024747,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,SevenElements,"I dont write reviews for games any more because they were too time consuming. I won't go in to detail about how wonderful this game is, how refined the combat system is, how great the story is, how perfect the soundtrack is, or how immersive the entire package is. I'll sum it up as short as I can: this is the only ""favorite"" that I have ever had that has remained a favorite for more than 15 years. Buy it, play it, love it, and thank me later."
,Recommended,330390,18100925,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,paralyzed21,"One of the best rpgs of all time, second only to grandia 3.  Couldn't be happier this was brought to steam in higher resolutions and a new hard mode.  Constant updates to fix issues and add new things."
,Recommended,330390,17711203,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,inhow,"Well, I played this game when I was in the middle school (twelve years ago) and I enjoyed it very much. It now appears that this game is still worth a try, because:fascinating battle system; (My favorite!)great characters (good development)good story (traditional but not bored at all)engaging ost (impressive, melodious theme music)However, the game process was not so free :  cannot enhance your equipment like forging it or something; do not have much collected element; a little subplot quest; cannot go back the map which you passed when you finished a part. But  it does not matter; the characters and the story are well developed, with the addition of the fascinating battle system; all of these  will compensate those disadvantages.The player may eager to know what will happen next. And I recommend this game eagerly too.Oh, one more thing, do not forget to enhance your skill and the magic on ""Power up"" . Those are not automatical. Twelve years ago, my friend of my did not know that. He used his only one star skill until he reached the final section, and he told me that this game is so f**king hard with a pale face,  > <  But I lol"
,Recommended,330390,17712011,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,MasterQueeferino,Keep the JRPGs coming!
,Recommended,330390,17718253,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Some Dude,"""I see... Your SMELL does not have the dank SMELL of death...""Mareg 201510/10 This is old-school rpg fun in a bottle. This game has an intuitive battle system which hasn't been matched to this day, and it will surprise you with how charming and colorful the dialogue can be.PRO-TIP: Go with the Japanese voices."
76561198093311051,Recommended,330390,17724682,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Gawyn,"Been a long time since I played this game (on the PS2) so a pleasant surprise finding it here.Good upgrade, and nice additions to the original (HM and JP voices, as well as updated graphics).A few issues still outstanding but good to see they are being addressed atm. Definitely worth while picking up."
,Recommended,330390,17724529,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,TONY,Good old JRPG. 5/5
76561198012587087,Recommended,330390,17730786,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,shrimpgeek,"I remember playing this game many years ago and loving every minute of it.  I was ecstatic to find out that this game would be coming out on steam.  I loved the battle system which is really unique compared to other turn based systems. It uses a timer-like bar that indicates when your character is able to make his or her move.  I love the ability to cancel out the enemies moves and have them reset their position on this bar.The story is your typical jrpg stuff where it is the end of the world and a group of people have to combine their efforts to save the world from destruction.  The characters and their interactions are a joy to watch.  There is some romance in the game as well but don't expect too much from that.  The visuals reflect the age of the game and it must be noted that this game is not a HD remaster. In fact, its more of a port with the added bonus of having dual audio tracks and a hard mode added to the game.  In summary, I recommend this game if you are a JRPG fan and miss the old school turn based gaming that used to be so prevalent back in the ps2 era.  Moreover, if you would like to see more JRPG games sold on steam, I recommend to support these companies so that it gives them an incentive to bring the other games over to Steam.   I am pleased that games like Trails in the Sky, Valkyria Chronicles and Grandia II have been added to the Steam store and I hope this is a sign of more JRPGs to come."
,Recommended,330390,17739404,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Pizza,This is my childhood.
76561197975080743,Recommended,330390,17742585,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,[HZ] DeerSlayer,Old School.
,Recommended,330390,17743133,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Neoiel,"One of the greatest rpgs ever.  Dreamcast was imo the greatest console ever made.  And on that console jrpg wise, if you wanted the best it came down to either Skies of Arcadia or this.  This being a port of the Dreamcast version it's stuck at 4:3 (unless you want to stretch it cuz you're into bbw Millenia's), it's capped at 30 fps, but the game is even better than I remember it.  Top notch voice acting, colorful graphics that have aged well, game doesn't overstay it's welcome.  Oh and they added a hard mode which is certainly welcome as the original was kinda easy, (it seems like it only increases enemy HP, but still.)  If you enjoy J-RPGS, GET THIS GAME NAO!!!"
,Recommended,330390,17744711,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,🅙🅐🅨🅒🅔🅡🅐🅝,"It's a good adaptation from the Dreamcast version of the game and from what I can tell Playstation 2.  However, there is a fair amount of bugs in the game right now.  This dues cause CTDs every few hours of gameplay.  It's a minor annoyance normally having to do with cut scene issues.  The sound is glitched at times as well.  However this game is recieving updates quickly and hopefully these issues will all be remidied to make this a flawless port.All in all I am enjoying my experience with this game as of now and plan on finishing it within the next few days."
,Recommended,330390,17746739,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Bank #1 BiteLoops in NZ,Waited 10+ years. Time for Heaven & Earth Cut on this a$$.You get an Achievement for pressing confirm. Great Grandia.
76561198068833200,Recommended,330390,17748798,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,obasob,"amazing, nostalgic game, just make sure you save often, random crashes happen when you least expect it, to be fair though they are few and far between."
,Recommended,330390,17797925,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,PhantomThief,skip it if you not jrpg hardcore.gameplay is good but meh story.the story is too mainstream no choice no secret just run straight through the end.but battle system is still fun even in 2015.the port still have some glitch but not major.much better graphic compare to original version.at least it made me play until final dungeon (i presume)
,Recommended,330390,17800434,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,weisslightning,"+ Best version of Grandia 2 released+ Battle system is still interesting+ Hammy melodrama and Ryudo's smarm are still entertaining- Port still has lots of issues. In my experience: crashes, development of consistent frame drops/stutter after a short time playing, sound glitches when entering battle, graphical glitches eg. camera perspective allowing you to see underneath floor. I could probably go on. The glitches are minor but they add up- Added Hard Mode is still too easy although the game becomes challenging towards the end; apparently they just upped the enemies' health which is kinda lazy- The first Grandia is easily in my top five JRPGs and this sequel, although good, doesn't hold up to that"
76561198050690336,Recommended,330390,17799046,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,keoskaroman,"* Classic Rpg, Game is fun and playable but be prepared for crash reports often due to bad port so SAVE OFTEN*I'll start and start with a NOTE TO THE DEVELOPER , game so far has 2 spots where the game will crash unexpectdely, one in the mountains when walking back from part 1 to part 2, and another which was also litsted in anoter players review which i have just experianced and tested which is a consistent error crash is in the town lillium or somthing like that, its the town with the sky engineers, its and female npc with green hair directly about the story line lillium engineers house.Now for the Game , i'm loving it so far i'm very old gamer and im very suited for the old style rpgs over the new fancy pretty no substance game with dlc and shamless promos and scams and early realease stream feeds and cash grabs and so called Free....to plays of today generation, good classic title whole games with heart and soul that despite graphicaly being stunted do to the tech of there time had to make up with it for quility story and sounds and music to increase imersion in the world and characters in them, such as legend of dragoon and legaia suikoden and lunar ff7.And although this was on DC it would seem which i never owned it seems i missed out on what would have been a great experiance for me time i would dare rate this among my classic titles, well worth the money and seems to be a solid title in all regards, and people and their praise of the combat system were not wrong it is interesting and engaging much like a hybrid between star ocean open 3d combat but with less hack and slash and more tactic turn based choice like that of ff12, still in the heat of combat but you can still choose skills and commands in combat.So Great title, and as all the others have said Bad port biggest so far being that there is many crashes to be at town 3 lol and i aggree that the sounds volume seems off, foot steps quite loud and over powering but nothing game breaking, although i have to admit it quite strange there just are simply no options for sound at all no sounds/music/master volume nothing.PLEASE!, patch as soon as possible, game was clearly not tested or played after port or acceptance on to steam and realeased as is with no warning or care to gamer/player in regards it being out there as a broken product, and though i can only guess and assume, i have to imagine this was not completely unoticed or unkown by the dev team, and i would venture say proubly just thrown out like an early access project under they guise with were here we will do things and patch stuff pretty soon maybe just take the money and run, just let the players figure it out through playing and annoyance and losing game time due to crash and refunded the product due to its incomplete/umplayable state ..............lol but again old gamer, and that just my opinion based on what i have seen and come to expect, but i Certainly due hope i'm just a crazy old ranter and the devolper will prove me wrong and work on and update this product to point we can be proud of the end result.Time will tell, (chug chug) heres to hoping for the best."
,Recommended,330390,17805897,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,BleepingElf,"The Grandia series has been on my list of fav JRPGs for many years. This entry in the series is possibly the best one. Bugs - both minor and some *major* - notwithstanding, this port of the original Dreamcast version is fairly decent. The Playstation 2 port released with some of these bugs as well, and the original PC port was fairly bad and very buggy. So it's nice to finally have a 'more reliable' port to play. And while it may be buggy now still, GungHo has already shown that they care about the game, and are willing to fix the bugs, so it's encouraging.GungHo also added a ""hard"" difficulty (which supposedly adds ~25%HP to enemies and makes them use Special and Magic attacks more and more frequently....) to make it a new and more challenging experience (I opted not to do hard mode, as I never got to finish this game due to bugs in the original PC port). They've also added the option of using Japanese Voice over english text, for those who like that. From what I've read, it's sometimes out of sync with the text, so YMMV.But, all in all, this game is pretty awesome. The story is interesting, though a little typical good vs evil stuff. The camera action in this is fairly frustrating, and requires some getting used to, but once you're over the initial learning curve, it's fairly smooth. Where this game shines however is the battle and skill upgrade system.It is a turn based RPG, but you see in which order attacks will occur as the little icons that represent your party members and the enemies move along an IP bar. Once the icon of a party member or enemy hit the COM section, you input your battle command. The icon is then moved further along to its final ACT destination where the command is executed. Different attacks make the icon move at different speeds. This adds an element of strategy to every fight, ergo, you don't just spam attack. Attacks can be canceled when they are being prepped (icon between COM and ACT), so fights are a lot more strategic than most other JRPGs.The Skill/Magic system is also somewhat unique. While each character has its own set of special moves (which can all be upgraded using Skill Coins), you can also equip them with skills (mostly passive) that you learn through skill books. These also use Skill Coins (or Magic Coins, depending on the type of book) to be learned/upgraded. The higher the skill level, the better the boost, or the faster the spell is cast. Magic works same way, you find Mana Eggs that can be equipped (and swapped around). Each contain spells that can be learned/upgraded using Magic Coins. Once the spell is unlocked in the egg, it becomes available to the character that is equipped with the egg. The higher level the spell is (upgraded), the faster it is cast. If that makes sense.The graphics are appropriate for the age of the game, though I do wish that the characters actually had mouths. It would make them look a little less doll-like when they speak. But considering it's a 20 year-old game, it's not bad at all.If you've never played it, or any other Grandia game, might be that this is the release to pick up if you're into JRPGs.Hopefully, GungHo will continue to update it, and eventually release the other entries in this series. I would love that. I'm sure many others would too."
76561197990056393,Recommended,330390,17784281,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,King,"Grandia II was originally released on the Sega Dreamcast 15 years ago, but the gameplay still holds up for the most part. The battle system in particular is still one of the best around, and hasn't been emulated until 2014's Child of Light (another great game, by the way). My only problems with this game are all technical:-The SFX volume is way too loud, and they don't play correctly (like footsteps for example).-There's an annoying delay that occurs after you cast a big spell (the ones that utilize FMV); at first, I thought the game had locked up because nothing was happening for several seconds after a spell had finished animating.-The music doesn't loop like it did in the Dreamcast version-The sweep animation that plays before the start of battle is gone-The ""Whisper to the Stars"" skill is bugged. It does nothing at the moment.-HUD (icons, portraits, text) is low-res.-Certain FMV cutscenes are dark; you only get audio.-Some in-game events are bugged in that they start over from the beginning just before moving on to the next one.I really wish more developers took more time to polish up their console ports so we don't have these technical issues. I would have liked more modern features, such as the ability to skip spell animations. Hard mode is nice, but it doesn't do much more than give small buffs to the enemies (devs need to make hard mode interesting for a change!). The problems I mentioned never occurred in the Dreamcast original (not sure about the PS2 version or the earlier PC version). Grandia 2 is a great game that's been given a less than perfect port, but I still recommend playing it if you don't mind some bugs. Otherwise, wait for a patch or two."
76561198091758287,Recommended,330390,17816180,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,dwibble92,"I loved this game on the PS2 and it's just as good now, however there is a few problems with the game crashing and a lag in talking and subtitles"
76561197986556464,Recommended,330390,17816291,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Tarrok,"One of a kind old-school jrpg experience. Great battle system, fun characters and graphic very plesent to eye."
76561197970320868,Recommended,330390,17703564,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,sizer99,Changing my No to a Yes with patch 1.03. This is now a great port of a great RPG.
,Recommended,330390,20315166,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Dj ZetsubouIIDX,This game was literally my childhood. I grew up first playing it on the Dreamcast and then purcahsed it laster on the PS2. I love this game a lot and even still have the official strategy guide. I really hope they bring out Grandia Xtreme at some point as well because that one was really fun too. The story and feels this game gives was amazing and it was way ahead of it's time. The music is so amazing and beautifully composed. If you are a really big fan of nostalgia and older style rpgs then I'd say get this and give it a shot. The combat system is very unique and is really easy to pick up. Playign through this version was a ton of fun and literally took me about 26 hours. Everything is all smoothed out and the battles are now in 60 fps. This story is just truly amazing and not many other RPGs are like this one.
,Recommended,330390,20347767,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Doge-Spielen,"-Surfing through the steam store-""Oh look, Final Fantasy!""""Oh look, Skyrim!""""Oh look, Just Cause!""""Oh look, Grandia!""Proceeds to buy Grandia.Oh yes."
76561198013446543,Recommended,330390,18667308,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,ZΘΘ-WΣΣ-Mαmα!,"Without a doubt, this is an 'honorable mention' worthy JRPG on a list of greats. The story is a very strong point, coupled with a unique battle system and skill/moves/magic learning system that takes time and effort to master (I loved this aspect). This game will satisfy those who want unique characters with good development and carefully chosen times for social reward. The plot is dark, edgy, good, and has its very deep moments.Regarding linearity, it is not quite open world and the game makes it very clear where you should go next (which is good at times because the story is quite engaging). Sounds linear, but the game offers so much freedom with how you want to set up your character, so you don't feel as tied down overall as you would expect.The downsides:Not many but it suffers from just being a port, rather than a full remake. The polished character models, buildings, and 60FPS battles are nice, but it still feels like a slight chore to have to navigate through towns and dungeons with the camera zoomed in as close to the character as it is. However, this is nitpicking and barely hinders playability. Also, like any old full 3D console JRPG, some of the special moves and spells take a while to watch and you can't skip them.Verdict: Most definitely play if you are a fan of the genre, or are looking for a great game in the genre. Should take between 30-35 hours to beat. I have played many in the genre, and I thoroughly enjoyed this title. No clue why I overlooked it until this year.8.5/10Happy playing."
76561198012329427,Recommended,330390,20268618,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,gunrir,"Grandia 1 is superior, too bad most people have never played it. Grandia 2 is still a good game, but lacks something from the original."
,Recommended,330390,19813472,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,/id/Kenjichu1 new acc,I missed an Item which ruined my one-run 100% achievement and you can't go back and get it.DAMN IT.
,Recommended,330390,20238055,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,kev0709,"Yes, this is a very good game. I am a little disappointed by the CG quality, I understand it would be costly to redo those, but  there should be at least some improvement over the originial version. That said, other problem that should be fixed is the sound, sometimes, the sound and the subtitle doesn't synchronize. If possible, I would also like to see a Chinese version of this. Overall, it is a really good RPG game!"
76561198014831064,Recommended,330390,20598363,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Icesis00,I loved this game over ten years ago when I played it on the Dreamcast and it's still great. The update looks fantastic. The combat system has always been my favorite.
76561198052353098,Recommended,330390,20814777,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,mypony89,"This review is coming from someone who has never played Grandia II or any of them for that matter.  I haven't beat the game yet but it seems to streamline you through the story,  seems very linear.  The story however is very well written.I think there were many missed opportunites in this game it seems.  I see so many places where they could have made something into a side quest or an optional boss, but nothing.The combat is interesting and once I got used to playing it was fun for the most part, especially bosses.Overall I don't see the hype I've seen everyone have for this game however I would still recommend it if for no other reason than because of the story.  This particular JRPG just isn't my cup of tea though."
76561198055492657,Recommended,330390,20817429,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,SoraBlue,Yes Yes and YES!A complete masterpiece back into our lifes on a decent port. So happy to start playing the game and realize it IS the Dreamcast version with much beter graphics and beautifull colors. Thank you game Arts and Square Enix! <3<3<3 The Hard mode even makes the game more exciting as i used to remenber!
76561197989494712,Recommended,330390,20784185,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,wental,"I had this on playstation and bought it again as I loved this game first time round. But I was hesitant as a lot of games havent aged well. What I have to say though is this is the game I remember and loved. I recommend it to anyone with a love of RPGs,"
76561198002954088,Recommended,330390,20471607,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Kendane,"Ah Grandia 2, I had not played this game since I first got it for my Dreamcast on Christmas years ago. So how does this game stand up over the tests of time?The graphics are nothing special. I don't really use it as a negative on the game is it would be very unfair to compare graphics from 15 years ago to graphics today. The airwork for the characters, however, is pretty good. It gives a better idea of the character's feelings during the various events in the game.As for voice acting, The English voiceacting isn't horrible, especially considering that many games at the time's voice acting was cringe worthy. It is rather odd that some scenes that you would expect there to be voice acting there isn't while other scenes that you would think no voice acting is needed it is present.As for the mechanics. The combat system in this game is wonderful. If you simply go by the screenshots you may think it is more or less just turn based combat, which I know many people don't care for these days. However, there is a twist to this. The games action bar adds to some tactics where you, or your enemy, can prevent certain attacks from ever going off.If an enemy is attacking you, unless its magic, they often have to line up your character before the attack goes off. If it is magic, you can use move canceling abilities to cancel the attack and move them close to the beginning of the action timer. I myself have managed to use this in such a way that a boss was never able to get a single attack off on me.The leveling system initially is exactly what you would expect. Characters level and their stats go up. You then level their personal skills with what the game calls skill coins, which first unlocks the ability, and then strenghens and speeds up the ability. However, in addition to this you have mana eggs and skill books. Mana eggs are how you give each character their spells and you level the eggs much in the same way as the characters skills, only with magic coins. The same deal works with spells, you first unlock them, then level them increasing power and speed.Lastly there are skill books. These are how you really power up your characters. Ranging from HP/MP to spell strength of certain types to how fast your character can make another move means you can really customize your team.For the story, it is more or less your standard JRPG of save the world. It has a few twists and overall it is a enjoyable experience. The characters are likeable and only at times do I find them annoying. The game lasted me roughly 33 hours, which was right around how long it needed to last.The game has a few minor bugs here and there but it has a few bigger ones. A bigger one being some mini games, such as the arm wrestling one, worked differently on the Dreamcast controls as far as I'm aware and at first seemed impossible to beat. It isn't game breaking and can still be won if you look up guides steam. A bigger one is random crashes. Now this only happened twice my entire playthrough but if you get this game it would be wise to save when you can. I lost about half an hour of work because of one of these crashes, but while frustrating, it isn't game breaking.Overall the game is an enjoyable playthrough of older JRPGs. The story isn't going to leave you jaw dropped, but it is still fairly enjoyable."
,Recommended,330390,20710957,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,scrublord,"Really fun battle system, a not terrible JRPG story with only a few slow parts, decent characters with hit or miss voice acting, nice music, not too short and not too long. Decent port and it is constantly updated to fix anything that slips through the cracks. You could do a lot worse with JRPGs on Steam and there aren't really many better ones"
,Recommended,330390,20760739,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Biscuit_The_Dog,"One of the BEST JRPG games I've ever played, my childhood consisted of playing this back on one of my old PC's with Windows 2000 OS,Props to Steam for re-releasing it for later model PC's."
76561198067779468,Recommended,330390,20838247,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Verntron,Reminds me of the good old days.
,Recommended,330390,20843442,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Reyedog,"Pros, 60 and above fps battles. Nice game details , Faithful to the DC version than the PS2 Version.Cons, Cruddy In Game FMV Generated Effects which is sad cause that was what made the game very unique in style when it came to using high attack summons.  It is horribly noticeble with the Camp Fires as it Originally used Randomized FMV Fire Textures to give it a lively and realistic look and effect.  And really Really terrible in the battle system later on in the game.:Devs please for the love of all that is cherished about this game please fix this issue.  Up the scale of those FMV effects. Rip them from the DC port if you need to:."
,Recommended,330390,21265051,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Browncoats85,"This game has an amazing story and the combat system is top notch.  The soundtrack is wonderful but sometimes I wish you could speed up dialogue, that is the only part that drags.  Fun time if you like JRPGs"
,Recommended,330390,21188750,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Panzerkampfwagen IV,"Just bought this on CNY sales, and daaamn it takes me back to 2002, the first time I played this. Seriously, if you never played this game and wonder why many people fall in love with J-RPG in the old times, pick it now!The Pros:+ Gameplay. I really love the semi-turn based style. In a world of video game today where everyone wants their turn right away, It gives me time to think as much as I want (just like other jRPG, when you choose attack/skill/items, the world freeze), yet it still gives me the random factor like counter-attack and positioning. The boss battle basically you and your party tries to 'cancel' boss turn as much as you can before it shoots something dangerous.+ Graphic. While it's obviously not Mass Effect level, this edition gives nice retouch and crispier 3D. They even have anti-aliasing and 60 fps battle.+ Character. Your main hero is Ryudo, a geohound (or mercs). Beside his skilled swordmanship, he also has some good sarcastic remarks on people. He's like your Fallout 4 character but pressing the sarcastic option almost all the time. Millenia is a hot-headed, ♥♥♥♥♥y, and flirty. Imagine the banter between the two. Also, like many j-RPG tropes, your party are a misfits of people of many races with different personalities.+ Story is pretty epic and quite wild, although at sometimes, you'll say ""yep, just like I guess, he's the bad guy"". Well, it's not j-RPG if it doesn't have some classic j-rpg tropes.+ Sound. It's clean and clear. The soundtrack won't winning award anytime soon, but it's not bad either. I quite like the soundtrack battle when our party were ambushed and some peaceful moments we had.The cons:- AI. Okay, honestly it's okay. The enemies will also think like what you thinking in this game. They also will try to circling you, making your characters gather up in one place, then dropped some AoE damaging spells or pick the weakest member like your priest/healer/magician. Buuut, after you have a skill book that makes one character became the center of attention, the AI will become stupid and an easy picking because they will attack the person who held that skill book 100% of the time. Just buff him with def/hp/vit stats and he will be your impenetrable tank. Even bosses.- Controls. Get a freaking controller. The keyboard control scheme is just bad. Not the dev fault though, this game was released on console first. Seriously, use a controller. Also the camera is the hardest enemy to kill here.- Animation.  After some time, you'll wish you can skip the animation and straight to the numbers. Also, they didn't update the FMV parts. Man, seriously? Widescreen 1080p monitor and you got 800x600 2D animation sequence stretched to 1920x1080 resolution? You can imagine how blurry it is.- Replayability. Well, it's a J-RPG, you can only replay it with hard mode (although you can start with hard mode right away from new game). But maybe worth it if you missed a thing or two in your first playthrough. Otherwise, like many old j-rpg, you played once, you already know everything. No branching storyline, no morally questioning choices, it's like reading a story book.Do you recommend this game? Oh yes, despite the flaws brought from original and overall the design flaws in old J-RPG, I very much recommended this game. And Oh, If any game designer wants to learn a thing or two about j-rpg history, this is one of the gem you should look.I gave it an 8/10."
,Recommended,330390,23893738,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,RuSH_,"Loved it on the DC and love the added customization and hard mode ! Recommended for everyone who enjoyed classic RPG's like FF3 through 10, Chrono Trigger ect. a classic gem!~Edit: I would just like the call out the guy that says its unstable and doenst have controller support. This is untrue, game gets easy 60fps on any midrange PC, controller (xbox one) in my case also works perfectly!"
76561197983469701,Recommended,330390,23642563,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,jpratm,Amazing combat system and music. One of the best RPGs of all time.
76561198067159769,Recommended,330390,23742091,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Azure Omega,Great HD port of the dreamcast version
76561198027791709,Recommended,330390,19205315,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Ryudon,"Woot my favorite rpg game is now on steam... yes get it I dont care who you are play it! Its worth it, the story, the battle system and the characters are worth it!"
,Recommended,330390,19375878,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Chunk,"Great game & great port.  Launcher enables you to go widescreen without any hacks/mods, you can switch to Japanese audio (can't stand the English dub), and has controller support.  This is how ports should be done!"
76561198027364206,Recommended,330390,19371099,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,ikillomega,"It would not be difficult to believe that you may have not played this one.  It was popular, sure, but only years after its initial release.  I played Grandia II on the Dreamcast fifteen years ago.  I loved it then and, despite the common JRPG voice acting quirks and some mostly-outdated graphics in spite of the obvious retexturing, it still holds up well today.  The Grandia series is known for its combat system and this is definitely its shining achievement.  The story is... okay/not great, but mostly-passable and, with the exception of a few moments of legendarily-bad voice acting, it will not leave in JRPG agony like some of the more ill-advised localizations.  Give this one a shot of you want to play an occasionally-forgotten gem from the prime of the JRPG."
76561198052260656,Recommended,330390,19682902,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,KT,"Just as good as I remembered this to be. I checked the graphics on My Dreamcast vs PS2 Vs Pc. The New version is better all round but its not mind blowing as you would expect. Its sharper and more defined which was the point really. All in all a good buy if you are a fan of the Grandia series (do number 1 please!!).I doubt that I need to tell you anything about the games story as most people who buy this have played it and are looking for a great JRPG to play (a genre that seems to be dying off sadly).If you are after a great JRPG and have never played this, BUY it. Played it before, still worth a buy."
,Recommended,330390,19670405,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,LOLIMETH,"Crashes on me every now and then, but damn it's a good game."
76561198065179890,Recommended,330390,19691096,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Shadowswills,CONSTANT crashes. Save your progress as often as you can.
76561198043777940,Recommended,330390,19722074,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Shiva,Very good RPG. A classic.The defaults are a lot of unskipable animation in fights and landscapes.
76561198017762392,Recommended,330390,19475468,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Kreations,"One of my favourite games of all time, great combat that doesnt get boring and an awesome if somewhat cheezy story"
76561197977695708,Recommended,330390,19420277,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,SIlent_PInes,"Great Game. It's been a while since I played Grandia and playing the second game has been fun. The buttons without a controller is slightly confusing but once you get the hang of it. It's really not too bad. The graphics are alot better than I originally expected them to be and the game play is very smooth for an import. However, the battle scenes feel somewhat very slow. It might just be because I got used to newer rpg where battles feel a lot faster. Never the less, the game is so far so good. One of the few rpg imports worth buying."
,Recommended,330390,19736051,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Mobian Arnadi,"One of the best games I've ever played! Loved it on DC, and I love it on PS just as much!"
,Recommended,330390,19694363,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Gamerz-Zone,"Its Been sometime I enjoyed and played hours continuously a game, I recommend this game to anyone who loves JRPG gamesI hope more ports of grandia comes to PC"
76561198053060914,Recommended,330390,19896201,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Antar,The best battle system ever.
76561198165097562,Recommended,330390,19883212,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Ensatzuken,"An old game of dreamcast ported to steam... A good port overall without the big problems that normally arise with it.The game lenght around 33-35 hours like old good JRPG, not too short, not too long.Pro:- Great story;- Good jokes and some great lines;- Gameplay simple and clean, easy to understand but with a decent amount of variety to suit your playstyle;- Good bosses;- Added possibility to play the game at an harder difficulty (but still fair, you will never feel it impossible);- Japanese voice option that is great.Cons:- Old game, old graphics;- The audio tends to desynch to the writing part;- Fullscreen being a widescreen with black bars on the side to mantain a decent view of the game;- 60 fps mode can make magic spell launch lag A LOT especially with some spells.I definitely recommend this game, worth the price."
,Recommended,330390,26695073,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Boss Rabbit,One of my favorite games from the Dreamcast era reborn on the PC. I believe this is a port of the original Dreamcast version and not the PS2 remake.You are generic JRPG protagonist (mid-90's/early 00's so he's the grumpy kind) off to save the world with your Nun waifu who is also a demon.Has issues with crashing on certain graphics cards so beware.
,Recommended,330390,26907856,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Reverend,"As good now as it was when it first released, Grandia II is a game that stands the test of time. The Anniversary Edition only improved on the version we recieved in the United States, and the story still holds it's own in comparison to modern games.Overall I'd give it a solid 9/10."
76561198217796763,Recommended,330390,26898328,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DrgnmastrAlex,"Really enjoyed this game when it was ported to the PS2, and it's still one of my favorite cult hit JRPGs, alongside Xenosaga and .hack.  Story is fairly generic and predictable, but the environments and dungeons are pretty diverse, character interactions and development is respectable to good, and the dialogue, while cringe at times, reminds me of a time when anime dubs were enjoyable for sounding cartoony and campy.The biggest draw to this game, however, is the combat, which is a unique mix of turnbased and real time battle.  Character movement before or after an attack can lead to an attack  missing, and there are ways of coordinating your party's attacks to do extra damage through combos or to delay an enemy's use of a powerful skill or spell.  Boss battles are satisfying in difficulty, and you can gain extra items by killing parts of them before killing the main body (you should anyway, because many times these parts are buffing the boss or throwing extra attacks and debuffs/ailments on your party, so taking those parts out quickly helps you out).For those who enjoy waifus, Millenia is bae.  Ryudo is also husbando material for you ladies out there.  And Mareg is a bro.The anniversary edition has enhanced visual and audio (essentially, it's cleaned up), but don't expect a remaster like the FFX Collection.  But if you can look past the dated graphics and the occasionally cringe dialogue/voice acting, and you're looking for a JRPG fix in between FF15 and Personal 5, give this a try.  It's a flawed gem, but a gem nonetheless."
76561197991325897,Recommended,330390,25959885,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,mage_artist,"I beat this game 3 times on Dreamcast, it's my favorite RPG of all time.The PC-specific stuff:Sometimes you want to ask, ""did anyone play test it?"".  Simple issues like the character control having movement issues, especially while running.Sky sometimes lands on thin-air like they didn't update the positions right.The control hotkeys were not all that well-thought out (the Dreamcast controller felt so much better and more natural than the keyboard layout).So overall I prefer the Dreamcast version, but by the game's merits, especially the combat system, I recommend."
76561197985704525,Recommended,330390,27364131,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,"Benis, Esq.","pretty solid port.  works great, which is awesome cause this game's a blast.  very good story too.  i recomend giving it a play through at least once."
,Recommended,330390,27431480,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,0nitsuki,"Awesome game from the Dreamcast, now on pc with updated specs."
76561198080878581,Recommended,330390,24802599,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Ikegami,"I haven't played this game growing up, so I really don't have any nostalgia for this game. I did play through Grandia 1 in middle school, but this sequel is vastly different from the first game.The first thing I noticed in this game is that I could immedietely tell that its an old school rpg. It suffers from some of the problems of early 3d RPGs with long unskippable battle animations, cheesy voice acting, and field animations and cutscenes that play way longer than it should. One example that comes to mind is during a sewer level you have to wait for some gears to slowly turn to extend some bridges. It plays out as if the devs want to show off these ""new amazing 3d animations"" that end up being overly long and tedious now.Despite its flaws, this game is extremely solid. It easily has one of the best battle systems in any RPG, new or old. It basically is Grandia 1's battle system but on steroids. You get a ridiculous amount of flexability and options on how you want to build your characters.The story on the other hand is extremely standard. Rather than a game where you play through a complex story, Grandia 2 is an adventure. Don't expect anything more than this."
76561198111087156,Recommended,330390,22975659,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,blessedbyirony,"Having played Grandia II years ago, loving it and unfortunately never completing it, I had to get the Anniversary Edition to finally play and complete it. The story, while some may find it a tad cliche, is interesting and you become attached to the characters.There does not seem to be much difference in the versions besides the remastered graphics and audio, as well as Hard Mode. It would have been nice to get some extra features or a new game plus playthrough. If not, the game does not have a high replay value. Still, a fun game to play through though seasoned gamers may find it too easy.Do give this game a try!"
76561198264532712,Recommended,330390,23097218,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,tillyterror1989,"i love this game always have, i have acually completed this game on the ps2, but couldnt resist getting it again with the added bonus of achievements, big fan of the grandia series :) deffo recommend :)"
76561198065039939,Recommended,330390,24298019,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Auz,"this is a fantasic JRPG and i have been enjoying it very much.... if you like JRPGs or RPGs in general, you should definitely check this game out. the combat system is unique for a JRPG, you can control the flow of battles by choosing which type of attack you do. combo attack does more damage and is quicker so you can counter enemies for bonus damage. critical attack will cancel an enemy who is casting a skill or magic and push them back on the turn gauge, keeping them from attacking. this brings a nice mix of strategy and action to battles. each character plays a unique role in battles and has something to contribute to a fight, whether it is buffing your allies, healing, blocking enemies, or all out assault.... the story also grabs you right from the beginning and builds nicely as you progress. i have really been surprised by the story of the game, it is very good. there have been times my jaw dropped and i was like ""damn! didnt see that coming!"" ... those are the moments that really make me want to keep playing because you want to get further and further just to see what happens next. i still havent finished the game but i have put 33 hours into it and i am not even close to finishing.... if you are a fan of JRPGs this game is a must have."
,Recommended,330390,24739354,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Yuki Yatogami,"Cool game in both the story and the OSTThe only thing I hate about the game is that the party memebers don't join permanently (i.e. they join randomly, depend on the story).Other than that, the game is recommended for RPG fans"
76561198030650967,Recommended,330390,17817380,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,TheNilar(KillHell3),really fun game remember to always save when you can for the game crashes at random time.
,Recommended,330390,24539855,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,xikes,"This was one of my favorite games in the past.So now, I had a complete blast in replaying it again and fetching that 100% achievment rate.Awesome!"
,Recommended,330390,24647662,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Bryanleo,"Grandia 2 had always been one of my favorite RPGs growing up, and in replaying it now, I've found that it's still a phenomenal game - with its share of flaws.This game has, without a doubt, my favorite battle system of all time. It's extremely clever, rewards critical thinking and strategy, while being simple enough that those who want to think only about their current ""move"" can do so with relative ease. The story is wonderful, though the writing leaves a lot to be desired at times. Some of the voice acting is brilliant, whereas other examples are par.The one real glaring issue with this game - for me, at least - was that even the Hard Mode is too easy. I intended on replaying this game with an extra challenge, and while it is harder than I recall it being, it's not nearly a challenge. That said, I recommend this game to any and all of my friends who enjoy JRPGs, and I recommend it to you as well."
76561197978975828,Recommended,330390,24630731,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Stahlkeule,"Nice game. Not as good as Grandia was (from point of story), but i enjoyed playing it. I recommend to play the game in hard mode."
,Recommended,330390,24671629,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Miss Cookie,"I can't believe this is on Steam. I played this when I just started getting into PC games, when I was 10. I spent hours upon hours on this game and I look forward to finishing it again. Simple but fun. Frustrating but rewarding. There will always be a place in my heart for Ryudo and the gang."
76561198062956967,Recommended,330390,23984512,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,SEBXERO,WAS and still IS one of the best games i've ever played. perfect 10/10 from me. Truly capturing and still one of the greatest stories written with big plots!
76561198025399980,Recommended,330390,24111166,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,ekelmb2d,Ah the memories
,Recommended,330390,27758542,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Severon,"I originally owned this game on the dreamcast around when it came out, while everyone elses favorite jrpg was Final Fantasy VII, this was my favorite all time jrpg and hopefully harbringer of things to come as far as getting more obscure jrpgs on steam. Excellent graphics (for the time), great music, engaging story, and the best turn based battle ever conceived. If you are a fan of jrpgs do yourself a favor and play this game."
76561198043339889,Recommended,330390,27738521,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,awulfv,"Played this game long ago on the PC, the best Grandia and one of the best JRPGs there is. Good story, characters and a fun battle system."
76561198047098987,Recommended,330390,21062986,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Ion Man,SUCH A GOOD GAME
76561198030853806,Recommended,330390,20863527,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Desert Gurt,"Disclaimer: I'm only two hours in so far.I've played a lot of Dragon Quest, Final Fantasy and other JRPG franchises but never Grandia, well - after 2 hours of this game I think it's evident that if you like those games then you will love this game. It's more of that PS1 - PS2 era JRPG. the music, battle system and dialogue are all amazing. This is the first JRPG in a long time that I'm annoyed that I have to stop playing because I have to make dinner!"
,Recommended,330390,22107538,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Paulmeister,"Overall Rating 9.5/10+ Very well-made port of this awesome game+ Story, audio, fighting feels just like in the olden days- Camera handling is still wonky, making orientation somewhat difficult"
,Recommended,330390,22077180,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Moxd,"If you ever get the chance, play through Grandia 1. That, imo, is the best RPG of all time to this day. Grandia 2 is fantastic too, definitely worth a playthrough."
,Recommended,330390,20901548,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,-[FF]- Pendleton,"A nice little RPG, held back only by some archaic graphical decisions, like how every character looks dead and soulless, almost nothing like their animated portraits. But I can easily forgive that since it's an old game. Also shows a little linearity, but it doesn't detract from the interesting combat or customization system. After having beaten the game, I feel rather lukewarm about it, but it's a good lukewarm, since there's nothing really bad about the game. The story didn't do anything for me, but it's really charming and I have to admit that they did a good job on it. I love a good story that's entertaining and a change-up of the norm. Also loved the evolution of the battle system enough to pull through with it. Overall, thumbs up."
,Recommended,330390,22226800,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Plastic-Wrap,"If you're feeling retro and want an old-school JRPG experience, this game fits the bill. If I were to play this game back in the day, I would have probably enjoyed it.But you have to keep the retro aspect in mind at all times. JRPG games were different back then, and this game is very average in many areas. I thought the story was way too generic, and combat is absurdly easy once you figure out what to do. I even put the game on its Hard difficulty, yet I barely felt challenged throughout 99 percent of the adventure.Quite frankly, the most aggravating thing about combat itself was not the difficulty but the fact that some of the animations for attacks/spells took too long. Yes, it's a small nitpick, but I found myself trying to finish fights as fast as possible so I wouldn't have to subject myself to long animations being played over and over. On top of that, the game developers were lazy and literally recycled animations, even going as far as using different names for the same animations to think the player could be fooled, somehow.Again, the game is very average. It won't wow you or anything like that. I wouldn't even call this a gem. It's just very middle-of-the-road, even for its time. If I had to complain about something else, I think this port is really bugged in stupid areas. For instance, there was apparently more  (mediocre-at-best) voice acting, but there were parts where the audio was either absent or decided to work half of the time instead of every instance where it was supposed to occur. Very lame if you ask me.Regardless, if you want to play a retro JRPG for some reason like I felt like doing when I bought this game randomly a few weeks back, this game will give you your fix. Don't expect much, and you won't be disappointed as a result."
76561198064852407,Recommended,330390,22179141,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,pt_kamen,"This is a superb classic filled with feels and nostalgia (even the Millenia fight game freeze is still there: you're supposed to lose that fight, so just block all the time and the game works like a charm).It's way up there as one of the best RPGs I played. Replaying made me feel a bit old on how many things I didn't remeber anymore...Play it. It takes around 30h, more if you grind, but if you explore and do all the fights you won't need to grind, that's just how neat and well made it is."
,Recommended,330390,21953822,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Dr. WaifuPillow,"Completed it now, and I gotta say its pretty good.I love it.Great Story,Great CombatIt is quite linear but all in all, it is easily one of my fav JRPG's of all time."
,Recommended,330390,22355532,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Herr Moe Rieden,"As a player who enjoyed the first part of Grandia over 10 years ago back on PS1, I was delighted to see they made an Anniversary Edition of Grandia II available on Steam. I was certain it'd be a good game, not as good as Grandia I, though.I was wrong. Grandia II is not a good game. It's a great, if not fantastic game.You could say I was pretty much caught up in nostalgia when it came to Grandia. The more I played Grandia II, though, the more I realized how many things Grandia II did better than the first part. The visible character development in nearly every single member of the party, the great music, the plot twists, the emotions, the goosebumps. Grandia II is a game that will make you FEEL, if you like it or not.If you played Grandia I before and want to try the second part now, be aware that you will feel pretty comfortable as the fighting system has hardly changed, merely slighty improved, and the controls are almost the same as well. Apart from that, just see for yourself. I'd be surprised if you wouldn't enjoy it if you already loved the first game."
,Recommended,330390,23076118,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Contentiously,"When Sega announce the end of the Dreamcast, I bought one specifically to play this game and Skies of Arcadia.  I did not regret my purchase then, and I do not regret buying this game again 13 years later (or however long it's been.)The battle system is still great, the story is still awesome, and I enjoyed it quite a bit.  I might have even cried once or twice, but don't tell anybody.There are a few glitches here and there, but nothing game stopping, for me anyway.I recommend using the HD mod found here:http://www.eivigames.com.br/p/grandia-ii.htmland the HD sound mod found in the guides here on steam. Both make the game more enjoyable."
,Recommended,330390,22973322,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Fate,I'm new to the grandia series and I enjoy Grandia II's story and combat. I Will go for Grandia I and III if they ever come to steam.
76561197991547668,Recommended,330390,25456645,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,John,"I haven't reviewed many games so I will keep this short...This is an excellent game. The story is solid. The characters are great and memorable. Love the combat system. The only real problem are the long animations for some of the spells and moves that are very cool to watch the first few times but do get a bit tedious towards the end of the game.All in all, a really good game well worth the money."
76561198049310307,Recommended,330390,21680645,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Taayter,"One of my favorite JRPGs of all timeThis game is such a great game and brings back many memories of the Dreamcast days.The ""port"" of this game IMO seems well done. Ran great without any hiccups that I can remember and had a good consistent frame rate. While you can play this game with a keyboard and mouse I do recommend playing with a controller.If you like old school turn-based JRPGs this game is for you! It is so worth the $20!"
76561198074048037,Recommended,330390,21193724,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Jarl,"Honestly one of the best classic games from the 2000's.The combat system and story is great.If you dont mind the old graphics, definitely play this game.Been my favorite since it first released on Dreamcast.9.5/10"
,Recommended,330390,27181156,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,marzipan,I've played this game so many times in the past that I've lost count yet it only gets better with each playthrough :) The only sad thing is that they added the Japanese audio but still use the English subtitles which doesn't match up at all.
76561198019363677,Recommended,330390,27223224,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,reonkaze,One of the Best JRPG I have ever played. Deep Combat system with a strong story and music. Must Buy!
,Recommended,330390,18518143,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Destructor,"Humor. Tactics. Ok Story. Nostalgia. Get it, it's worth your money."
76561198042047037,Recommended,330390,27015326,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,HaraKiri Puppy,Great soundtrack!!!! Old is GOLD
,Recommended,330390,27363518,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kersherker,"Was worried it would be something like the old PC/PlayStation 2 port but isn't. Seems like a port from the Dreamcast, which was the best version. Plot has some cliche JRPG twist and ""in the feels"" moment. Play with a controller for best experience."
,Recommended,330390,27341614,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tim,i remember this game since dreamcast
76561198044953546,Recommended,330390,19091573,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Kazefungeki,"Great game, solid story line, lovable in depth characters that will make you not want to stop playing"
76561198040343125,Recommended,330390,26570331,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,That's ich!,"Superb Gameplay, if a bit on the easy side, Okayish Story and an enjoyable ~40 hours ride."
76561198031491429,Recommended,330390,25882188,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Mr. Blag,"It's a JRPG of it's time; slightly cliche, 25-30 hours, a bit heavy on dated cinematics & 3D movies. If those things don't deter you, it's a game with a fair amount of strategic depth, some fun boss designs, and some quite rewarding mechanics.Recommended if you:- like strategy in your RPG, but don't find them too easy- enjoy clever moves and actions be rewarded in fights- enjoy the first or third GrandiaNot recommended if you:- can't enjoy a cliche/unoriginal story- need a skip button for cutscenes"
,Recommended,330390,26560381,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Rebelz,This is one of my favorite RPG I've played.  Great story.  Great battle system. Great Character development.  I played the original version many times before so I definitely played it again with its Anniversary Edition.
,Recommended,330390,27022608,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vere,"An old school classic, with an old school story and consquences."
76561198131471819,Recommended,330390,26973164,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zeeds,"Great Classic, excellent combat and story, if you love JRPG classics, this a must have game."
,Recommended,330390,26965090,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Entire State of New Jersey,"Few games move you or stick with you. This is one of those RPGS. I played and beaten it twice, once of Dreamcast, once on PS2. I hesistate to come back to this game everytime because I know what I'm in store for. A good romp, memorable characters, heartfelt moments sharedand dialogue that holds up years after its written. This game rides in the top 3 games of all time for me personally. I played better, I played close but I've never found a game to blend the elements together about as well as Grandia II did."
,Recommended,330390,25986291,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Skittlefart,I see awesome game. I buy awesome game.
76561198253359938,Recommended,330390,26046057,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,fossilhoff,"Amazing!Loved it on Dreamcastt, PS2 and PC.Played it so many times and can never get bored.We need the Lunar series on Steam now! :)"
76561198006937811,Recommended,330390,26091159,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Munya,"The port was kind of bad, between glitchy graphics and a few very very rare crashes.Nostalgia more or less drove the playthrough i forgot how horribly long move animations were if I could have cut them short I would likely have enjoyed my playthrough more.  Still a good game just not what I remembered it to be."
,Recommended,330390,27644434,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kirby,"The game has quite old graphics, but it is how characters developed in the game what's matter most. The story and turn-based battle systems are very well developed and the soundtrack is one of the nicest I ever encountered in the game. Highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,330390,27926400,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Zillim,A hidden gem of a JRPG on steam.
76561198098278170,Recommended,330390,27811167,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dugas D-Dog Dank Dirt Dingy Dawg,Still as good as I remembered from back then. Awesome characters and one of the best JRPG fighting systems ever.
,Recommended,330390,28003835,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Clay Cliff Fortran,One of my oldest treasures. Replayed it a dozen times. 10 for turn based fighting system. 9 for story. 10 for music. 9 for epic characters :)
76561198002865302,Recommended,330390,28069170,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,game-zerox,"This game has one of my favorite battle system: simple enough as you can win a fight by being nonchalant about how things works and complex enough that you can strategise so you take little to no damage in hard mode.I like the mechanic of using accumulated points to unlock skills, I'd say its biggest drawback is that you're commited to a skill until you know how useful it is unless you reload your game. Since you've got 4 characters and each mana eggs are their own skill branch, you might end up tossing away one of these eggs in the long run.Overall I think it's a classic that still holds up to this day... except the voice acting"
76561198150534382,Recommended,330390,28191902,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Morbo,"13 years ago I played this game as a teenager. It fascinated me at that time for it's awesome story-line despite being a cliche. Character development, combat system and RPG gameplay also hooked me up.When this game came up on steam I purchased it without second thought. A nice backup for my old CD.This game is classic. If you fancy RPG games - this is definitely worth trying.Oh and OST is awesome."
,Recommended,330390,27720986,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[WDZ-RR] Tollian,"A good, old rpg from the Dreamcast that was a lot of fun and has withstood the test of time. It has all the classic RPG tropes you are used to seeing, but it did it in a time when those were still semi fresh ideas in video games. If you have a chance to try it and a weekend to kill, I highly seggest you pick it up."
76561198135752295,Recommended,330390,27757121,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Tetari,"I played this game years and years ago, after a friend recommended it to me. When I saw it on sale, that was all the persuasion I needed. This game is full of nostalgia for me, and it plays exactly how I remember. The soundtrack is perfect, the battle system is good, and the characters are interestingly complex. A great choice of JRPG for someone who wants to try something a little different to Square-Enix's offerings. Controller support is appreciated, too!My one complaint? I've had the occasional graphical glitch with this version. Nothing game breaking, but slightly distracting nonetheless, so worth keeping in mind."
76561198066926908,Recommended,330390,30952021,Posted: 4 April,all,Krucho,"IM BAD AT WRITING HERE IS A LIST+ Very unique and cool combat system for an RPG (as well as enemy encounter system)+ Characters with portraits and voices to detail their personality+ Fight and towns music good+ Lots of enemies/monsters, I really like their design+ Towns look pretty nice+ We got real shadows now!+ Challenging bosses (on Hard)+ DINNERS!- LITERALLY 2 OR 3 MUSICS REUSED FOR EVERY SINGLE HOSTILE AREA- Spells effect look inequal, you got very realistic cutscenes for some spells while you get cartoony effects with borderline unfinished textures for others.- Some. Attacks. Take. A. Lot. Of. F***ing. Time. And you can't skip them of course. Im not only talking about the stronger spells because they actually have a lot of effort put into them so they are nice to look at, but some basic enemies just have attacks where they spin around their target for like 15 seconds... There are 6 enemies at once sometimes. That's a lot of time. In Grandia 1 attacks didn't waste your time.- Generic story, some very VERY disappointing/uninteresting parts sometimes.- Mareg looks horrible and you'll also tend to quickly press the skip button anytime he gets a ""conversation"". Since there are not a lot of playable characters for the genre, failing one that hard on so many levels is bad.- I can't see the battle transition effect in this version. Did it get removed in the port? I know original had it and it was really cool. An RPG without battle transitions is.. sad.- My game crashed 2 times. One of them was late into a boss and bosses take a lot of time in hard. It is ""not that bad"" but all it takes is one crash to make you paranoid and go thinking into every fight ""oh god I hope it won't crash, I hope there is a save point right after.."" which is not a nice mindset at all.- Compared to Grandia 1, not a lot of special moves or weapon types for characters."
,Recommended,330390,28036369,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,HiStyleParadox,"One of my favourite JRPG combat systems and some good characters. Gets quite ""power of the heart!"" in places, but deffo worth a run through. Just mind the voice acting."
,Recommended,330390,28026324,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,IceHedge,"After playing a lot of modern indie RPG's and JRPG's, no one really seems to 'get it.'  Developers are being retro for the sake of being retro, so I feel like I'm playing Final Fantasy I's and II's again in another creator's eye, and that's not very exciting to me.I judge the fun factor of a RPG based on almost every detail, but the big 4 are:  Gameplay, Story, Characters, and MusicGameplay:  Grandia II attempts to do what Chrono Trigger attempted(and succeeded) to do with RPG's- and that is to spice up the formula.  I really like the unique turn meter and combat system.  Countering, dodging, attacking, and buff/debuff magic all receive their fair due attention instead of having one core strategy and using it to annihilate all enemies.  Sure, magic is OP and you get enough MP refreshments via save points to spam your most powerful magic attack, but many enemies' resistances are so strong it is faster to know who to hit with and who to cast magic and what type instead of spamming one spell over and over.This was my first play through and a I chose Hard- there were spots that were genuinely difficult where others seemed to breeze by, only one occurance did I grind to force the boss to be easier.  The other time, I COULDN'T grind as the save point was in a 'point-of-no-return' area, and it took a lot of trial and error to realize one character's special move affects a lot more than the description lets on, so the translation or at least the descriptions could have done with more symbols showing exactly what it can cause the enemy to inhibit or at least better wording.Story:  I won't give much away here, but it is an enthralling adventure with a distinctive world with huge landmarks and many dangers that kept me interested in what was around the next corner for the protagonist.Characters:  Oh, did I say protagonist?  Within the first 20 minutes of the game you'll see how much of a 'hero' this guy is.  I had never played a JRPG before this one that followed such a realistic(or at least non-stereotypical), outspoken, and 'I'm done with your ****' type of 'hero.'  It was definitely refreshing, and at times cringe-worthy to see how badly he insults a party member early on just because of their differences.  The interactions between the characters were made better with Grandia's signature 'camp and chat' feature where certain parts of the story have you selecting different characters and reading their banter on water-cooler topics that don't necessarily effect the main story.Music:  It's actually ok, nothing great or forgettable.  If anything, it isn't repetitive, or at least it never rubbed me the wrong way unlike many other JRPG's.  I can't recall any outstanding pieces, but it serves its purpose.My only complaint is there is no way to fast forward or skip the long magic cutscene animations.  Of all JRPG's I've played I've never had a reason to use the fast forward feature that many are receiving with these anniversary and HD editions- but Grandia II sorely needed it.I had a lot of fun with this one and look forward to coming back to it later on!"
76561198250419398,Recommended,330390,29054561,Posted: 6 January,all,claury2001,"This game is probably my favorite of all time; I first played it on PS2, and the story captivated me.  The graphics are not great by today's standard, but they are functional.  The combat system is awesome.  The characters develop slowly (in a good way).  You can see the changes in their demeanor and attitudes as the game goes on.  The amount of customization available for each character is incredible: anyone can be a spell slinger, anyone can be a brawler (although some are more suited to it than others).  If you are looking for a great story and a fun, engaging game, play this.BTW, hard mode is only REALLY hard in 3 places (in my opinion): valmar body boss, valmar core, and the LAST LAST boss (so i don't spoil).  I am SO glad that the last boss was made difficult: in normal mode, he is a joke."
,Recommended,330390,21307675,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Dave,Recommended
,Recommended,330390,31648353,Posted: 9 May,all,Popispropaganda,Love this game. You love this game. Everyone Loves this game. Buy this game.
76561198112392354,Recommended,330390,31735248,Posted: 13 May,all,dookramotar,"Grandia II is a great investment which you will see the abundunt rate of return on!Beautiful Graphics, OST, Gameplay mechanics, Storyline, and dialouge.The enhanced graphics of the Anniversary Edition are crisp and refreshing to look at.The soundtrack from the menu, battle sequences, and cut scenes were very easy on the ears.The game play mechanics including the battle portion is quite different from other jrpg and turn base rpgs.However, the battle mechanics are very entertaining and offer an array of options to conquer and defeat enemies.Although, the storyline to some might be cliche' I beleive it to have had many swerves and a mysterious element to it. Ryudo is the main protagnist along with his companion Skye(Falcon) begin as body guards to becoming a great force of good to combat evil along with a songstress named Elena and other members  who you will soon come to find out about.ConclusionThis game has got to be one of the greatest rpg games of all time! I am glad to have spent 60+ hours in completing this game.  I guarantee the soundtrack, graphics, and story will entice you to play until you finish the game!"
76561198064474350,Recommended,330390,31928972,Posted: 23 May,all,jdmsswift,"Grandia 2 is a little gem from back in the Dreamcast days. It was originally released for the Dreamcast and then ported to the Playstation 2. The DC version was better, as the PS2 had some really bad slow down. But none the less, it is a great JRPG.The sequel to the original Grandia, this time the story follows Ryudo, a Geohound (Mercenary). Ryudo is hired to escort a young priestess, Elena, to the holy capitol, however, adventure ensues. The story is pretty good, with plenty of interesting characters as well as character development over its 50+ hour game length.This being an RPG and all, the battle system is quite unique. Enemies are seen on the field before being encountered, and thus can be avoided. Once a battle starts we're treated to the action bar. The action bar, in the bottom right corner of the screen, shows the player characters as well as the enemies. When the head icon gets to ""Act"" that character or enemy can.....act. The player is given the choice of combo, critical, items, magic or special attacks. Each character is given unique special attacks and can equip an item called a ""mana egg"" to use magic. Special attacks and magic can be used in different ways, they can hit a line in front of the charcter, a circle around them or an enemy, all or one enemy. The most interesting aspect of the combat is the ability to ""cancel"" an enemies move. Using the critical option or a special move with the ""cancel"" effect, the player can stop an enemy from using a special attack or magic. This causes battles to be more strategic, if you see an enemy beginning a powerful spell, cancel it!The player has levels, as is typical of an RPG, but gets special and magic coins. These coins can be used to increase and unlock special attacks and magic as well as power them up. The player may also equip special books onto the party, increases certain statistics (IE Strength, Intelligence etc.) These may also be powered up with special coins.The story is pretty good, with fully voiced cutscenes and humorous dialogue to boot. The characters grow plenty during the story, and its impressive to watch. There are also a few twists that I will not reveal. However, the game is rather linear, with very little in the way of sidequests or additional content. Still, that shouldn't stop anyone from playing this game.A classic sort of JRPG, and from a forgotten series, Grandia 2 has some faults. The graphics have not aged well, even though its been updated, it still doesn't look great. However, a lot of the magic abilites use anime-style animations, so they still look great. The lack of exploration and the linearity reduce it's overall replay value. While there are interesting characters, the party only ever consists of 4 at a time, you never get to select your party members.Anyone whose anyone can probably remember Grandia, the lost little RPG. This series has been lost for a while, and it's great to see that Square placed it onto Steam for more people to actually play it. Hopefully this means we can get some more Grandia games. Grandia was a great series, the battle system is unique and interesting, and the character development overall the series is spectacular. So do yourself a favor, spend the $20, you won't be disappointed."
76561198025719536,Recommended,330390,32482668,Posted: 16 June,all,Waas,"Loved this game on the Dreamcast, where I first played and beat it. Loved when they ported it to the PS2, played it and beat it several times. Was happy to hear of a release on PC but was saddened when the didn't do much in ways of upgrading the graphics in any way. This game could easily be a great game had the devs taken a bit of time and polished up the in game models just a little it before porting it. Nothing over the top but clean and polish a bit.It has a very classic JRPG feel with the combat. A slider on the bottom dictates who goes in order while in combat. You can use this to your advantage to see enemies turn in advance and use a move to stop or slow their attack. A different form of turn based combat but one I love and wish more games used.Simple story, not to complex and the characters in the game each have their own feel and life to them.Could prattle on about the game but if you are looking for an old school JPRG, this is a game to consider buying. Youtube a battle scene to see if it is what you are about."
,Recommended,330390,33340542,Posted: 7 July,all,Ezakruel,Waiting for Grandia 3 on steam.
76561198062367983,Recommended,330390,33256624,Posted: 4 July,all,SamLah,"One of my very first JRPGs, that stole my heart with it's characters, storyline, and even gameplay. It is easily one of my top favorite rpg games, and it will always remain within the top. I honestly would recommend this game for anyone to play."
,Recommended,330390,33413222,Posted: 9 July,all,Phlis,"Immense, remember this first time around on the Dreamcast.  Enjoying it just as mch now as I did back then."
76561198019606227,Recommended,330390,30725532,Posted: 25 March,all,Seymour Richards,amazing game. a must have for any jrpg fan.
,Recommended,330390,29429039,Posted: 22 January,all,b7,Never gotten around to playing this back in the day; but I sure am glad to have played it now!What a great game!
,Recommended,330390,29273024,Posted: 15 January,all,Pocket B'ougar,"Short disclaimer/my background with this game: I played it on dreamcast as a little kid in middle school (way back in the day) so a lot of it is nostalgia and overall good times. If I miss something/some correction about the later game (If my hours are <30 and I have not said anything about a common lategame error or something, assume I haven't reached it) then my background/statement was in regards to the Dreamcast version.BUT, playing it now as an adult most of the same feelings are the same so not really much of a nostalgia warning/nostalgia goggles view.-----------------------------------------------Well aged JRPG, still fun. Still has great music, characters, combat system, and story. (Results may vary [hueheuhue])If you can tolerate this era of JRPG story that lays the religion on thick then by all means play it.The gameplay is the thing that still stands out the most. Certain characters may take a while to shine/become likeable. But character development happens in huge chunks at a time. There's no slow methodical thought process analysis or anything. It's a fast game anyway; It's extremely linear with no optional bosses, post game, or much reason to grind. You'll blow through it in about 30-40 hours with no grinding. (For an RPG that's basically the minimum amount of hours).It has SUB AND DUB FOR ALL TASTES. (English and Japanese VOs).The game's not very difficult so long as you know the mechanics/to actually level up your skills/stats(Skill book buffs if what I mean)/eggs. I remember there being two difficulty barriers: Eye and horns. But the eye didn't give me issues on this run (at all), HOWEVER that's probably because I know how to actually fight it.So if you get stuck on either, don't expect the game to be bone breaking on any other occasion.I'm not going to spoil any ""strats"" or anything (ofc).The story doesn't really pick up til later but it's more of a good plot as I recall. Really though, don't expect a thrilling, brain wracking story. It doesn't have a deep lore, deep characters, or really that strong of a story. BUT. As I said, that's not where it shines. It's funny, no character is really unlikeable (to me). Millenia will be a joy every time she's there. Tio is adorable. SO IS MAREG. Ryudo's jokes are 75% of the time funny. Pot shots at Elena are (always) great.The combat's fun. Learning the game is fun. The music is a joy to hear. (Unless it's the usual dungeon song, which I'm almost sick of [It changes sometimes, it's the ""cave"" one that sucks. IDK it sounds like cave music to me]). Chaining cancels and abusing the ATE/turn progress bar is fun.Boosting character's MOV to where they fly around the screen is fun.It's just a nice 30~ hour RPG.For 20 bucks it's still better than many modern (J)RPGs.Still one of my faves :^]AND NOW FOR THE BAD NEWS:---BE SURE, BE VERY SURE---People have said they get CTDs (Do I really have to explain? Crash to desktop) after ~5 hours of play.Personally I've only gotten about two crashes and people say ""DON'T ALT TAB""So the solutions I know and have worked best for me are:TURN OFF 60 FPS BATTLESTURN OFF SHADOWSDO NOT ALT TABWill mention it if I keep getting CTDs but so far only 2~ tops.===Basic info/Mild Caution===This is a report/rerelease of an old PC/PS2/Dreamcast game that in all other releases than DC had bugs.I was lucky and had the virtually bugless DC port. Apparently some bugs have carried over. I haven't really experienced them, yet.Most I've noticed is the screen on the bottom isnt cropped properly so you can see under the map. But whatever LOL.So far it's as I remember, very functional. And has THE SAME OLD GOOD MEMORABLE (CHEESY AT TIMES) VOICE ACTING.Yes it's good. Even by today's standard.BOUGHT AT FULL PRICENO REGURTS.((If I seem to repeat myself anywhere throughout this review, my apologies. I'm editing after the initial post because this reviews isn't/wasn't as verbose as I'd like.))My way of saying: I'm not going back to edit this. You're (probably) an adult and can filter information for yourself.-----Assuming you read this far, I'll say a little more about my background as a small reward/PUNISHMENT:I've played this game over probably 4-7 times with varying progress. (I only finished it once [DC version] as of writing this). And generally all those runs ended at the eye. YES, I COULDNT GET PAST IT FOR THE LONGEST TIME AS A KID.If you want to know the super secret special strat: Eat spaghetti and dont get macaroni--- My sincerest apologies.The real strat is: Reusing the joke where I say I'm going to say something but then don't.Okay for real the strat is: just kill the little eyes, cancel when theyre going to use delta whatever, once you kill all the smaller eyes you should be in the clear but, furthermore/follow up: general rule of thumb: kill all parts of the valmar piece before the main unit itself.OKAY THE REAL-REAL STRAT: set the game on fire and destroy whatever you're playing it onAs is tradition: Waifu of the game: THIS. MAY. STING A LITTLE.HERE GOES MY-- SKYE TAKE--- BEAST FANG--- GOLDEN HAM---- LOTUS FLOWER---- WELCOME TO THE CREMATORIUMWOLVES ILL LIKE FIRE!WOLVES HUNT IN PACKS.RATS. RATS. WE'RE THE RATS.((Everyone who doesn't have access to my other reviews: I'm very sorry.))"
,Recommended,330390,29644595,Posted: 2 February,all,erc,Played this game back when it first came out and loved it. Got it for Christmas this year and I gotta say it still holds up. This version did have some minor sound sync issues during a few of the cutscenes and it did crash once during my playthrough but none of that is gamebreaking.As for the game itself:Gameplay is fun with a nice combat system but even on hard mode this is a very easy game once you learn it. You won't even get touched in 90% of the fights because you can cancel the attacks of the enemies.Looks pretty average for a dreamcast game. That is to say it is fairly pretty for an old school 3d game.Most of the voice acting is decent. Some of the music doesn't really fit the settings.Overall a fun play but if you pay attention you won't find it very challenging.
,Recommended,330390,23786306,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,A Meme Reborn,"There is a special Place in my Heart for this Game. I played it like crazy when I was younger and this is a pretty good Edition with only one Problem. There is no real 16:9 mode, it's the 4:3 mode stretched. Still a great Game."
,Recommended,330390,33753929,Posted: 23 July,all,ODIN,fond dreamcast memories the music and gameplay is top notch one of the very best jrpg games i have ever played
76561198095996760,Recommended,330390,33814743,Posted: 26 July,all,Seminole Hitman,"Talk about Nostalgia, one of my favorite RPG's as a kid. This and Lufia II rise of the sinstrals are two of the best RPG's you will play. I remember countless weekends spent at my frineds house playing this on the Dreamcast, ah, the days of youth, where hast  thou gone?"
,Recommended,330390,33459032,Posted: 11 July,all,PanzernKern,"While not as flashy as Final Fantasy or as original as Skies of Arcadia, this updated re-release is a testament to how much fun a well-crafted turn-based role-playing game can be. Grandia II: Anniversary Edition improves the visuals, adds a new difficulty and offers Japanese voice acting, but fails to put the 15 year old role-playing game into context."
76561198021248048,Recommended,330390,34013967,Posted: 4 August,all,Exile,"I played this to DEATH on the Dreamcast and was overjoyed to see it again here. As you can see it doesn't take too long to play through it but that may be because I can do most of it via muscle memory. Great storyline, one of the best fighting systems in any RPG I've ever played (incredibly satisfying combat).It also has one of the most satisfying endings ever, which isn't something I can say for most RPGs. It's a game that presents itself as being quite simple, but unveils real depth for those who look for it."
76561198199694793,Recommended,330390,34087231,Posted: 7 August,all,vbacondan,My personal favorite JRPG.  Amazing soundtrack and battle system for it's time.  Glad that it finally got a remaster.
76561198368534275,Recommended,330390,34221706,Posted: 13 August,all,sam.boyes1,"A great blast from the past game, was always a nostalgic fan of the combat mechanics, sadly graphics have not aged well but all in all a good game IMO."
,Recommended,330390,34975073,Posted: 15 September,all,Cute Lil' UFO,"Even with the Square Enix name behind it, this game never got the recognition it deserved. It was first released on the Dreamcast. The more accessible PS2 port was abysmal, known for crashing, and the PC port just wasn't well-received by PC gamers at the time. I was lucky enough to play the Dreamcast version, and I loved it. It was one of the first RPGs I ever completed (along with the similarly fantastic and overlooked Skies of Arcadia).How does this hold up 17 years later? Surprisingly well!I'll start with my main criticisms.The first thing it throws you into is an awful, dizzying camera that moves too fast when turned and zooms weirdly whenever you stop moving. The first short area of the game is the worst about this. Make it out of the first village, and you can take off your anti-seasickness wristbands.For some reason, even in this shiny cleaned-up version of the game, where glitched spells have been fixed, nobody bothered to fix the mis-translated spell descriptions, so for your convenience, here is THE TRUTH: Freeze! Does not drop Action, it drops Movement. Cold does not drop Movement, it drops Action. Stram only negatively affects attack, not defense.The writing quality is all over the place. I feel like the beginning of the game is really solid, and it sort of starts to come apart at the seams as it goes along. NPC dialogue didn't really get a dust-up, so sometimes NPCs will mention plot points you haven't even gotten to in the main story yet. Ryudo can go from casual speech to some sort of weird formal tone at the drop of a hat. The voice acting is impressive, especially for its time, but can get pretty corny. That said, I turned on the Japanese VA for the first half of the game, and it's cool to hear it, but I ended up really missing the voices I was familiar with, so I switched back.I love this game's story and characters, as goofy and melodramatic as they can be. I don't want to spoil too much for you, but expect a lot of talk about THE HEART and FRIENDSHIP and LOVE, to the point that it sounds like a parody of bad JRPG dialogue. Regardless, it is the earnest, loveable kind of cheesiness.The BEST part of Grandia II is its battle system. It's not a traditional turn-based system; it's more of a modified ATB. When one of your characters reaches Command on the gauge, time freezes so you can choose what you want them to do. This gives you a lot of freedom. You could block or evade incoming attacks. Critical strikes (which you can do at any time) and certain super moves allow you to cancel enemy moves and send their icons flying back to the end of the queue. Some spells can affect how quickly you reach your turns. Distance and position are also factored into battle. AOE and line attacks are a staple. The more you upgrade your Mana Eggs and your super moves, the faster your characters will execute them in battle.I'll never understand why we didn't see more RPGs with battle systems in this vein-- it's infinitely more engaging than just taking turns, and it gives you a lot of strategic opportunities. Battles feel good to play. Unfortunately, at the time, it was stylish for RPGs to have really, really long animations for attacks and spells. Though the unnessecary length of spell/move animations can get a little old, for the most part, fights are punchy and exciting. If you want to challenge yourself a bit (since this game is pretty cheesable if you know what you're doing), see how many fights you can end without getting any of your party members hit.If you're craving something with a really classic RPG feel, give this one a shot. It is flawed, but I think it's definitely worth the experience. It's too bad they never made any more Grandia games.Nope. Shhh. They didn't."
76561198078622216,Recommended,330390,34541838,Posted: 27 August,all,a.iurir,"When I played through the game, I chose the japanese voices. Some cutscenes did not have the subtitles near the end of the game. But it's overall a good port/remaster and Grandia II is beyond awesome."
76561198066074415,Recommended,330390,34570977,Posted: 29 August,all,THE RKO or SWEET CHIN MUSIC,"I do like this game on PC but If you were to speedrun, get it on console. I know the actual game on console is expensive and you can get it used. The biggest thing that I hate so much about this game when you are point A to point B, the game itself just FREEZES UP. Please fixed this matter. There will be those moments where you just have to save the game in case the game crashed."
76561198039407778,Recommended,330390,34795074,Posted: 7 September,all,Charlie,"One of the best JRPG game I've played, albeit a bit dated.Finished the game with all achievements in under 40hrs.Some downsides are random crashes (quite rare) and long unskippable skill animations (zzz)."
76561198087047211,Recommended,330390,34862488,Posted: 10 September,all,Mardi Breaux,One of my favorite games of all time.  Even for a linear path the world is rich and entertaining with many amusing characters.  The story is fantastic and on my first playthrough I got so wrapped up in one storyline I forgot that I still had the main story to complete.
