user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,330820,18442176,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,zsd,"Read Only Memories was interesting enough for me to finish it, and the inclusiveness of its setting gave me a lot to think about. However, playing it is wading through passive-aggressive, condescending murk and it's not an experience I would recommend to other people.I feel that the story of this game would be better served by being setting it up as a visual novel with Turing the robot as the explicit protagonist rather than the point-and-click adventures of their bumbling sidekick. You are very much Turing's sidekick. Turing drives the story and it's Turing's journey that the game is ultimately about. Your role is to piously ""witness the world’s first sapient robot learning to grow and live,"" absorb info dumps, serve as a punching bag for constant anger and threats, and to provide comic relief by talking to inanimate objects. I found it tedious.If you don't want to play quite so reverently, there are a lot of dialog options where you can be a jerk for no reason, but really that just gives the game ammunition to treat you even more like a total schmuck so I didn't bother.Also, prepare for glitchy, poorly explained puzzles that pop up out of nowhere, keep you from saving when they appear, and may not affect the story at all or may downgrade your ending if you mess them up.If you want a game that explores meaningful choice, I would recommend Life Is Strange.If you want pixel art and an awesome story with awesome characters, I would recommend Undertale.If you want an interesting experience where you are not the protagonist, I would recommend The Beginner's Guide.If you want a cyberpunk game, I hear that Shadowrun: Dragonfall is pretty good.If you want the most inclusive setting, then and only then I would recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,330820,20373012,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Ghostface Q,"Preachy, condescending, and incredibly narrowminded.While there's some interesting music and art, any enjoyment of Read Only Memories is completely snuffed out by some of the most insulting writing I've ever seen in a videogame.  The player character serves only as a dog to be yanked along on a leash by your insufferable robot companion, and gleefully kicked by any of the NPCs who haven't reminded you how superior they are within the last five seconds.  Your constant ally in the game treats you like a petulant child from your first encounter, and relishes every opportunity to express their disappointment in you as a player for daring to explore the dialogue tree or challenge a given idea.  From the outside it may sound funny or like a purposeful stylistic decision, but from a gameplay perspective it's genuinely frustrating.  Even the flavor text you get from examining the objects in the world drips with disdain for the player.After several chapters of having my character dragged through the mud from every possible direction, I didn't want to play anymore.  The premise is somewhat fascinating, but there's nothing within this package that's not extremely derivative.  This game is what happens when a writer is more interested in forcing their ideas down your throat than crafting a compelling, enjoyable narrative.  I strongly suggest avoiding this game and looking for another adventure."
,Not Recommended,330820,30342530,Posted: 5 March,all,Prinny,"The short version of my review is: if you're interested in the premise of ROM from looking at its Steam product page, then go ahead and buy it. It probably will deliver a satisfying story, and in general I support the premise behind its writing (to be more inclusive in terms of LGBTQ characters) so I don't regret spending money on it and supporting MidBoss.That said, I don't recommend the game because, in my opinion, it is written with the finesse of a bull. Its essentially second person narrative is jarring (don't be fooled by the first person view point of the camera, the game is essentially telling ""you"" who ""you"" are, just like a second person novel would). Even in situations where you can select a dialogue option, it isn't really letting you interact as though you were in control, but rather it's asking you which long-winded dialogue branch of the conversation tree you want to go down next, making you less ""a character"" in this story and more ""an observer.""Its characters are, while on the whole likeable for what they are, handled without nuance and not allowed to be organic. Just about every NPC is prepared to deliver their life's story just by being asked who they are. For example, one character will tell you of her tragic tale that has layers and layers of (overwrought, in my opinion) drama baked into it. This, during the second conversation you ever have with her.Lastly, its plot, at least up to the third chapter, doesn't even bother to provide you with a reason tocare about what you're doing. Why was Hayden kidnapped? is the central question, but the game doesn't stop to let you knowwhy you should care. Even when you ask in-game, all the robot character does is provide amonetaryreason, which only applies to the ""you"" in-game.While certainly someone being abducted from their home is terrible, that doesn't carry enough dramatic weight in a story. What are the stakes? Is Hayden's life even actually in danger? It's simply uncertainty that keeps you going, not any actual interest in whether Hayden is alive or not, because you never even see the guy's face except in a photo. It isn't even your ""job"" to investigate, providing you with a sense of duty--you're simply doing it because a robot you don't even know asked you to.However, despite my opinions, the game is rated very highly. I think this is because the story has a solid theme, even if I think its actual events are handled poorly. Moreover, the actual words that people say are smartly written, and in many cases clever and charming. So that's why I say, if you think it sounds interesting, buy it (heck it even has a demo!). Maybe you'll be able to look past the flaws. And I think MidBoss probably deserves your money dollars anyway. I just couldn't look past the flaws myself, and I can't really say I recommend it thusly."
76561198006309054,Not Recommended,330820,20543166,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Ageless Emperion,"I found out about this game through the ""Games you might not have tried."" segment of the Extra Credits channel and they actually do not advertise the heavy LGBT themes that are part of this game, it was presented as a cool cyberpunk adventure. Considering this, I went into playing without any expectations of this and to be honest its presence was not bothersome in the least. Suprisingly enough it is a lot of other creative choices that were made by the studio that ended up demolishing my immersion in the world they have created with what amounted to a narrative sledghammer. In the end I am left very dissapointed because in part I see how much potential the game has and because playing the game like a reasonable person gave me the most boring ending of them all, the one that most people get actually, that is an issue.### SPOILER WARNING ###Also there is no TL:DR, you are reading a review for an interactive novel, you know what you were getting into.Pros:- The art style for the game is rather great, it captures just the right kind of atmosphere in which cyberpunk tends to thrive in my opinion and modernizes a lot of the fashion and form from the era it was concieved in.- The music is superb and fits the story excellently, none of the tracks feel out of place with the scenes they are used in.- Having streamed my gameplay for my girlfriend who is also a sci-fi fan this interactive novel sparked some intense and interesting discussion regarding the social and technological aspects of this established world and the impacts of the various cyberpunk media that came before it.- The characters are rather varied in the story and it is refreshing to interact with most of them.Cons:- The number one con is the massive railroading that takes place in this interactive story and given that it is one it is a bit silly to say that. However, it presents several means for solving different situations but their trigger points are entirely non-obvious and once reached lock you into lengthy interactions you can not skip, even by end tasking the game. I don't know about you but I don't feel like acting in a way I do not expect my character to just because I made one wrong choice in a lengthy dialog tree.- PC culture is strong with this one. I tried to play this ineractive novel as a nice guy just trying to help out a friend who is in trouble and I tried to engage people in coversation as one would, I was quickly shown that I was in fact playing as the antichrist and I should seriously reconsider my life choices. The game painfully trains you how you are supposed to interact with the story if you don't want to come off as an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with every word that comes out of your mouth.- One of the greatest sins I can think of in writing a story is to actually snap your subject out of the world they are in with the way you write. There are several instances of this in the interactive novel such as when a robot breaks into your apartment, mucks about with your personal belongings and data, then outright tells you he is not bound by Isaac Asimov's three laws or any other governing structure that would ensure he does not kill you and your reaction is just to roll with it. The breaking point for me was when Jess told me the kind of neighborhood I was going into to help save my friend was so dangerous that without the proper protection from her I could end up in an organ chop shop, that was when I went ""Yup this is a game and I am only playing it because its a game, no sane person would do this."" given the fact that I had not been in contact with the lad in distress for years and from later conversations in the story its pretty evident why, he's a major♥♥♥♥♥♥ There is also a point where you tell someone that a person's life is on the line and that you need a piece of tat that they own to trade to a dealer to help them and they outright refuse even when someone who knows them tells them its the truth, this leads into a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t segment about sharing and a lesson I was too irritated to learn from the interaction. There are plenty more in the story and its aggrevating to just remember them.- Another problem I have with this interactive novel is that the authors of it do not have a good enough grasp on the technical and even literary concepts they are trying to convey, it has just enough to keep you interested but for a person knowledgeble and willing to dig deeper you quickly find that it ends at the surface.- The interactive mechanics of the game are very crude, the puzzles range between too simple and I am just going to rub this on everything until I get a result because I have no idea where to start.- Also the fact you don't get to play a whole act of the game because you don't sign up for the cyber hippie ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t fed to you in the end of the game about giving all ROMs their own agency which most of them won't be able to use effectively since they are older models in the words straight out of the game, is a low blow.In closing I will not be playing the game over, the developers have clearly shown that they want to tell a pretty hard sci-fi story but they will only let you enjoy it if you leave your brain at the door and I am not down for that."
,Not Recommended,330820,29387114,Posted: 20 January,all,tyb3n,Voice acting is inconsistently done depending on the path.
,Not Recommended,330820,20739641,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,pointofdeparture,"I wanted to love Read Only Memories in the worst way; it's heavily influenced by Hideo Kojima's cyberpunk classic Snatcher, one of my all-time favorites, and it features some much-needed representation of LGBT characters and gender fluidity in a video game. Unfortunately, its wonderful character designs and great music are squandered on a sterile plot that does a poor job of rising tension, a totally vacuous and unlikable player character whose motivations are forgotten immediately after being introduced, and ridiculously banal puzzles that feel like an afterthought. Then there's the weirdly unnatural-feeling fixation on identity politics that feels like it's pandering, at least when it isn't totally going off the rails and insulting the player or exploring upsetting, half-baked metaphors...but that last part's been discussed ad infinitum in plenty of reviews already, so I'll focus on the game's flaws as a narrative and adventure game instead.Great games take you on a journey and at the end, you feel like you've accomplished something or are at least left with food for thought. At the end of ROM, I felt like I wasn't sure what I had really accomplished or what the point of it all was. Neo-San Fransisco is too bright and cheery of a setting for its own good; moments of the narrative that are supposed to be impactful simply disappear into the background, a problem compounded by how the characters approach everything with just a bit too much levity. To its credit, the game carries a lot of chuckles and is frequently funny, but unfortunately those moments don't do much for the narrative experience. ROM is also heavy on references to genre classics and cool/obscure games (for example, I caught a groaner of a reference to Deadly Premonition within my first five minutes of playing), which isn't inherently bad, but it seems to be used as a substitute for doing anything truly unique itself. Then there's the puzzles, which add nothing of value whatsoever to the experience, as they somehow manage to simultaneously be lacking in challenge, logic and purpose.The lack of differentiation continues elsewhere; the design of the shooting segments is a direct rip-off the system in Snatcher, which was not a good gameplay approach in 1994 but was at least understandable for the era. 20 years later, it's baffling. This is similarly a problem with ROM's interface which is clunky and frustrating, and then there's the text that is generally too large for its pixelated design; if you are playing the game on anything larger than a mid-size laptop, you will need to run this game in a window, or the blocky text will give you a nasty headache. Perhaps this is less of an issue for others, but I literally gave up playing this on my desktop after two hours and finished it on my laptop to alleviate this issue, which no other game text has ever presented. There should really be an option to adjust the text size...I felt really let down by Read Only Memories, and struggle to recommend it. It feels like a pale imitation of Snatcher, the wonderful Konami classic it tries so hard to emulate; meanwhile, Technobabylon is a substantially better modern cyberpunk adventure game that offers a gripping experience without needing to make ""cool"" references to earn points with the player. I highly recommend you skip this one, and play both of those instead."
,Not Recommended,330820,21824685,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,GhostZaplen,"I really wanted to like this game, the art is gorgeous and the soundtrack is fantastic, and I think more games could take cues from Snatcher. That said, the writing is just too obsessed with worldbuilding for me to really enjoy it. I want to help my buddy ROM solve the mystery behind his creator's disappearance, not read paragraph after paragraph about the state of social media in the future."
,Not Recommended,330820,27588471,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Unnecessary Todd,"This game was recommended to me on the basis of being about diversity without beating you over the head with it but I found the exact opposite. The game is full of ""LOOK AT HOW DIVERSE THIS GAME IS"" moments and it really took me out of the experience after a while. It no longer seemed a natural part of the world.The premise is interesting enough but there are games that better tackle the questions brought up here.I can't speak much to the gameplay as I hear there are multiple endings but the game didn't warrant a second playthrough to discover them, and in doing so it felt like my choices were inconsequential. I don't know what, if any impact my choices made on the story and the world around me."
,Not Recommended,330820,18894197,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Florida Hans,"Read Only Memories is honestly a pretty disappointing game with some great promise, but ends up lacking. Getting the good out of the way, the game really does look good, and while it's going for the retro look that most indie games fail to emulate, it pulls of it pretty well making it look like a very pastel looking Sega Genesis/ Mega Drive game, and an early 90s anime. The soundtrack it's the best part of the game, really uses a great mix of instruments and chiptune very well, utilizing it to atmospheric moments that are appropriate to the locations and moments. If anything, I recommend the soundtrack than the game itself. If you're expecting this game to have a similar level of challenge seen in Snatcher, look elsewhere, this game is pitifully easy with little to no challenge whatsoever. None of the puzzles will ever get you stumped, and I honestly don't even know why they even bother putting in combat in the game. It feels like this game wasn't really made for gamers, and with its usage of LGBTQ characters and themes, it feels real insulting for LGBTQ community, basically saying that they can't handle a good challenge. I know several gay gamers, and they're very good at the games they play, and take them seriously too. Plus, I feel as though this effects the game's story. There's never really any moments of satisfaction because you never really worked for the objective. This doesn't really help when there are moments in the game where you could do something, but some convenience happens, and on what could have been, really doesn't happen. Other than that, the plot is really mediocre. Has a very rushed pace, and none of the concepts and issues the game brings up never feels like we delved into it enough. They're interesting, but very short lived, and could of done what Deus Ex takes its time to discuss about these concepts and issues. The game really lacks good build up, which makes the game feel really empty that way. There aren't really any intense or cool moments, it just feels like, intense moments happen, but with no build up, they lack impact. There are a few entertaining characters, but most of them aren't that interesting, and feels as though they make the characters a part of the LGBTQ spectrum first, and their personalities secondary, making the game feel really shallow because of it. I find the plot mediocre, mostly because of robotic partner Turing. The plot does revolve around Turing, and I think the character is alright, it has enough personality to where you can have empathy with it, but Turing is not enough to really save the shoddy pacing unfortunately, which is why I also don't think the plot isn't necessarily good. Along with its lack of twists, build up, and satisfaction, I can't honestly say the game is honestly good. It's like I experienced a short film with a lot of fascinating things happening, but it all goes too fast, and it just ends. I really don't feel the fifteen dollars is really worth it.  Just get the soundtrack and enjoy some nice tunes."
76561198271962473,Not Recommended,330820,20330905,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,aperuzu,"This game has some good ingredients for a ""point&click"" adventure, such as: very interesting art-pixel work, solid plot as well as deep characters, BUT, the plot is not intriguing enough, and characters are not so well developed for needing the huge amount of unskippable dialogues. This game turns into something bad when you realize that there are not almost any puzzles in the game, the items collected are rarely used, and you do not need to use your brain or your logic to move on. The only thing to do here (more than 95% of the game) is going from one dialogue to the next one, in a very stretched way, where the option you choose almost does not matter.This game is a poor VISUAL NOVEL with some components related to ""point&click"" adventures."
,Not Recommended,330820,20878106,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,killerog / damaster_k,"I hate to give this game a negative review, as the story is pretty good, as are most of the puzzles, but the action sequences just get in the way of the story and in the end prevented me from completing the game.It's a mystery to me why they were added in the first place as you'll get what you need in the end so they're totally useless as gameplay element. Except for the two where you can die.One other issue is that although all characters have a good backstory, it's not very realistic that they spill it all once you ask ""hey tell me something about you"". Specially not when this involves a lot of criminal activity.Tip for the makers, if you wanted to make an action based game there's a genre for that called action adventure."
76561198042519580,Recommended,330820,32836952,Posted: 26 June,all,Slimey,"One of my favorite point and click games! Super interactive and fun. I've played it so many times just so I Jess can emotionally slap me in the face with her amazing, furry script.Every character is different and unique. I could listen to this soundtrack for hours. Different from the other point and click mysteries PLUS YOU GET TURING, YOUR OWN ADORABLE ROBO-SIDEKICK!! Worth every penny"
76561198003316075,Not Recommended,330820,19453086,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,VXV,"It seems nice, but something is off about it. It's a nice nod to Snatcher, but nothing more. Pixelated texts are hard to read, they made me quite dizzy. Ultimately you can get a better cyberpunk game for the money, like Shadowrun or something."
,Not Recommended,330820,22352547,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,baby jesus,"The game looks fantastic, great art style and music. It's exceptionally well polished and well designed.However it's more of a visual novel than a game, and the writing wholy embraces what I hate most: preaching to the choir."
,Not Recommended,330820,34081970,Posted: 7 August,all,🐸 TRACKPAD SPY,"I really, really want to like this game, a lot, but the execution is so poor that it feels insulting sometimes.I should say for the record, I bought this game because I loved VA-11 Hall-A. I'd had it on my radar for a while before, but after playing the sequel I couldn't help but want more. The writing in that game was so real; the game was so instantly immersive and consistently gripping throughout, and the writing struck a perfect balance between touching, deep, and hilarious. VA-11 Hall-A introduces a rich, diverse world full of unique characters with different worldviews and struggles, and within minutes it makes you deeply invested in those characters -- the entire experience was gripping, and I felt moved afterwards. 2064: Read Only Memories is none of that.With VA-11 Hall-A, it was always clear what the developers were trying to show, from an outside perspective. It's a game with a viewpoint, and if you think about the content of the game, that viewpoint becomes clear. But that doesn't matter; what matters is that the game expresses its viewpoint well, and the message is convincing precisely because the world and characters feel like real people, who talk like real people and have personalities and emotions to match. 2064, on the other hand, is a game where the message feels sloppily patched in last minute. The viewpoint is the same, but instead of expressing it through a rich world and three-dimensional characters, it's shown through stilted stereotypes and their immersion-breaking asides.Oftentimes playing this game I find myself thinking, ""gosh, I'd probably agree with whatever the author is trying to say, but I really wish they wouldn't have taken me out of the game to tell me it."" And this feeling of dissonance is made stronger by the fact that, every time the writer inserts their social message into the dialogue or narration, they choose to express it in a way that feels extremely dated. Good sci-fi has an air of timelessness to it; 2064 regular finds itself using buzzwords and talking points that I'm pretty sure everyone gave up on in 2011, which is all the more baffling because the game came out in 2015. The result is an uncomfortable mess, and it breaks that spell that only good writing can put one under.In a good work of sci-fi, the author might use the world they've built and the characters they've created to show the reader the merits of their viewpoint, through the actions and feelings of the characters that you've come to like or dislike as a reader. But 2064 is not good sci-fi. Instead, 2064 has moments where a character yells at you, the player, for picking dialogue options you were forced to. 2064 has moments where it interrupts the flow of conversation to navigate a clunky dialogue tree, all in the name of inclusivity, and then immediately makes fun of itself, as the game, too, realizes that it could have picked a much less intrusive way to accomodate to everyone. What 2064 does not have, in the amount that I could stand to play it, is a single moment where any character felt like a real person, good or bad or complicated. For a visual novel, that is a death sentence."
,Recommended,330820,22788420,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Pennycook,"Read Only Memories' Neo-SF is a believable and well-developed cyberpunk future, filled with interesting characters.  The soundtrack and artwork are both fantastic, and although one or two of the puzzles (particularly the last) are a little frustrating, it's not enough to detract from a great story.My first playthrough took around 7 hours, and I intend to hunt down at least a few more of the game's six endings.It's also refreshing to see a developer prepared to reward its customers with continued free updates; I look forward to my next playthrough having fully voiced dialogue!"
,Not Recommended,330820,32733220,Posted: 24 June,all,The Game Eater,"I can't. I'm someone who adores visual novels when done well, but this is quite a disappointing experience. Storywise, it's boring. There was nothing really catching my interest by the second chapter and I found myself skipping through most dialogue due to it being lacklustre. Moreover, I felt like the game was more focused on delivering a political commentary than it was on actually providing a good story. I have no problem with discussing topics like that, but it was quite heavy handed and seemed to undermine the dialogue and narrative. Also, I'm sorry, but it's slightly cringe-inducing to refer to Alan Turing nowadays. Like, there was really no subtlety or creativity in the way it was posing questions about AI and comparing futuristic enhancements to different lifestyles. I enjoy pixel art and found it to be incredibly shallow in this circumstance. It had a good color palette but there was a lack of detail in the environments that just killed it for me. The music is decent I will admit and most voice acting works but there was one NPC who you could really tell didn't use proper recording equipment. The echo from the room they were recording in was atrocious. The gameplay I was finding to be simple and one note and while sometimes I'm fine with that, here, where everything else isn't doing it for me, it hurt the experience more. I wanted to like this. I enjoy 80's vibe games and interesting narratives but this was weak. If you're looking for a good visual novel or an entertaining point and click adventure, stay away. If you're looking for just a shot of new wave 80's feel and progressive political commentary, you may enjoy this."
,Recommended,330820,29978989,Posted: 16 February,all,ᎡᏌᏕᎻȠĒᎡÐ,"Cyberpunk at it's finest: 2064 tells a story that is inspired by minds ranging from P.K.D. to Hideo Kojima. A familiar backdrop fans of the genre know is done in an engauging 90's point-and-click style. What stood out immediately was the striking voice acting quality and attention to interactive detail. Few, if any adventure titles I have ever played have so exhaustively presented so many options for every object and person; multiple items can be used on everything and all things have at least two different outcomes for the same action.So, what is such a game without a soild plot and story? This I was unsure of at the start; even realizing the amount of depth all the characters do (if eventually) posses. As any good noir (which cleverly, this game is, if in a style that is not so obvious) you slowly uncover a the much larger scope of things. By the end you are almost taken aback by the progression you have made from such a simple start.Verdict: A stellar cyberpunk narritive in a medium sorely lacking in such storytelling. A must-play for Lucasarts/Sierra fans from the 90's and new-comers to the scene alike!Also, Melissa Hutchison does perhaps an even better job voicing the main character turning here than Clem in the Walking dead, just amazing work."
,Recommended,330820,29793605,Posted: 8 February,all,DeathNip,"A wonderful game (played through it twice) ! Lovely queer characters, exciting story and really fantastic community and devs surrounding the game. I highly recommend this game for anyone who is LGBTQ+ and anyone who is down for a choose your own adventure game with rad concepts and inspiring setting. don't forget to grab as much Hassy as possible! (Also I cannot rave about this game enough with the ability to choose your pronouns and have that carried throughout the game)"
,Recommended,330820,29833645,Posted: 10 February,all,Basement Fun,"I learned about this game way back when SuperGreatFriend was sampling different demos for the Ouya. The old skool point and click style mechanics and cyberpunk aesthetics really hit something positive with me, and I waited patiently for it to grace Steam with it's presence.I've played and beaten the game twice, before and after getting the major patch release, and overall this game certainly packs a lot of nostalgic cyberpunk charm.Mechanics are simple enough; it emulates just like a classic point and click adventure game that you would run across old PC-98 titles, or those such as ""Snatcher"". Speaking of the later, if you're an avid fan of that game, you'll find quite a few visual tributes scattered in ROM. The Arcade mini-game is a HUGE nod to it.  Only minor issue is sometimes I have to click a few times in the menu to get to a new screen. I use a track pad so I don't think this is a big deal.There's a huge diverse cast of characters, with very realistic personalities and goals.  The voice talents did a fabulous job maintaining that with their respective characters as well. (4Moolah and Charlie being some of my top favorites.)In the updated version, it opened up more character backstories with Jess and Leon, which I really appreciated.I very much enjoy the animation and art style, hands down. My growing up with 90's anime may or may not have anything to do with this.My only critique is that I feel sometimes it's better to show than tell a situation. I would get easily lost in some of the techno-speak, and moments regarding Hayden himself doesn't feel as impactful if it's just being discussed. For moments like reviewing the data cache and disks, I would rather see it than just be told what's going on.Other than that, this is a fun and engaging game. It's got a bit of replay-ability depending on what dialogues you choose. (and if you♥♥♥♥♥♥off certain characters too many times.) Also pay close attention to the posters at the bar if you want to unlock a new area.I will gladly continue supporting MidBoss as they develop new and engaging titles."
,Recommended,330820,29792922,Posted: 8 February,all,Gilron,"Read Only Memories is an excellent point and click adventure game. The setting of Neo-San Francisco is well put together, and the world they've built is a very interesting one. You have a lot of control over your actions, and a lot of freedom to solve puzzles in a variety of different ways, not all of which are obvious. However, there are always backup options if you fail one approach, and the game never devolves into pixel-hunting. The game's storyline is also very well put together; it asks questions about what it means to be human without getting overly philosophical, and it's comedic and dramatic without causing mood whiplash. The puzzles serve the story rather than the other way around, so there aren't any points where you feel like you have to look up a strategy guide in order to figure out what happens next. Your choices matter, too, and not just in the ""did you get the good ending or the bad ending"" way that a lot of games do. All in all, a truly amazing game. Remember to save manually, though!"
,Recommended,330820,29793005,Posted: 8 February,all,antifa sarkeesian,"Super neat graphics, a killer soundtrack, and it hits every point of SNATCHER and other point and click adventures of the 90s that were just fantastic. Definite recommendation for anyone who is a fan of these kind of games."
,Not Recommended,330820,29381645,Posted: 20 January,all,dracoaleksander,"I really wanted to like this game. A cyberpunk point and click adventure with an emphasis on treating people like people, no matter their variations is a great hook for anyone in the H+ movement, like me. On top of that, the vast majority of my friends fall somewhere within the LGBT, H+, Furry, or other alternative movements, so this was set to be a really good adventure.Unfortunately, very early in the game, I was faced with a situation where all of my choices seemed geared toward making what was at least a slightly racist remark (or would be interpretted as one) towards Jess, which I found troubling. While I'm willing to accept this moment as a storytelling device to ease people who don't already think of people like her as...well, people, it was jarring enough that I felt the need to step away from the game for the time being, and come back to it later.When the free update was posted, I was ecstatic to see that some updates had been made and that there was going to be a full voice cast! And then I saw Zoe Quinn in there. I do not understand how she continues to be able to work in a community that concentrates on inclusiveness when so much of what she has personally done destroys it. So, now I'm well past the return date, and my money is going toward paying someone who is a wolf in sheep's clothing, allowing her to continue pleading for equality while her own actions make it harder to achieve.Between that and my bad experience's with the game, I can't say that I have high hopes for an honest discussion of what it means to be a ""person"" from this game, but a canned message, forcing me to make decisions I abhor in order to cram a skewed message down my throat."
,Recommended,330820,20010322,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,orpe11,"TL;DR: A cyberpunk adventure game that is reminiscent of older games such as Snatcher, while having a well done cast and unique feel all its own.Read Only Memories really should have more love than its getting. It is a beautifully done adventure game in the vein of older PC-Engine ones such as Snatcher. The story is well done, the choices you make consequential to the various endings and how people react to you. Most importantly, the cast and setting are well done, and left me wanting more media set in the universe it sets up, as you feel the setting is very well fleshed out, and are left wanting more by the bits you hear of the backstory.While it is probably the least impactful to the actual game experience, lets start with gameplay. The game is displayed in a HUD that pretends to be an in universe computer display. You never see the character you are actually playing, leaving them freely definable (one of the first choices you make after a while is what pronoun you can be called, incluing 'xir'), and moving around consists of switching screens and locations. Interacting with objects is achieved by clicking on them, and choosing to talk/touch/look, or use an item. Notably, you only get an option to use an item if there is some response to it being used, even if it is just text. That alone prevents the rather normal adventure game 'play' issue of 'rub everything on everything to see if it works'. Most play consists of talking to people, investigating surroundings, and the occasional simple puzzle. By simple, I mean its rather logical, without the wierd moon-logic leaps some adventure games take. Your first puzzle is essentially finding a thumb drive, then finding a computer that can read it. There are some more complicated puzzles later on, but nothing that would ever need you to look at a FAQ, and some minor action segments. The game sticks pretty closely to making the game be about the story and characters, not obtuse puzzles.The story, setting, and characters are clearly the highlight of the game. The cast is varied more so than any other game I have seen, given the setting is a cyberpunk future with DNA-treatments available. The game deals with discrimination against people with cybernetic implants, or genetic therapies that give them animal features (Whether for medical or personal reasons), along with just a general wide variety of people. The game walks that beautiful fine line that so few do, where others might point out 'Look, we included X in our game, aren't we progressive?!' this just introduces you to the characters, and their oddities are part of them, not akwardly bolted on. Noone in the game, other than the one character who could be called the only villain in the story and a faceless corporation, are truly villified. At its heart, it feels like a true noir story, albeit with a journalist instead of a detective. You wander from community to community, investigating while not being a part of it, a sort-of outsider that can choose to react to the various people how you wish, making friends or enemies of differing groups. The setting is well done as well, in that it doesn't throw information at you akwardly, instead you can look at more things to get some more background, and sometimes little tidbits are just mentioned in passing that make it feel more fleshed out because they aren't focused on unnecessarily.In summation, it is a well done adventure game that focuses more on the story than awkward puzzles, and a beautifully diverse and interesting cast makes it well worth a purchase and play through."
,Recommended,330820,33509356,Posted: 13 July,all,Caoimhe Scarlet,"A fun point and click adventure game that is a throw back to those old cyberpunk games  in the day.I enjoyed what I played and loved the pixal art style, the beautful soundtrack, interesting themes, colorful cast of diverse characters as well as a good story that will keep you interested. It's not extremely long but it's a nice game to play with a cup of coffee and you'll find the world pretty interesting."
,Recommended,330820,25590331,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,[MoeGamer.net] Pete,"Read Only Memories is an adventure game in the '90s mould, seeming to draw specific inspiration from titles like Snatcher and Rise of the Dragon, and set in the same world as the (later, and wonderful) VA-11 HALL-A.On the whole, it's a great experience. The pixel art aesthetic really works for the game and has clearly been designed by people who know what good pixel art looks like. Everything about the interface, including the font, is well-designed to look like a retro adventure game, and the FM-synthesis soundtrack complements it nicely.Puzzles are relatively thin on the ground but in a couple of cases are more interesting than ""use the thing on the thing"", which is worthy of note, though the final puzzle in the game seems to play by some inconsistent rules that can lead to failure seemingly by no fault of your own.The story is well-written and filled with interesting characters, plus deserves note for having a number of possible solutions to various situations, though not all will lead to the ""best"" ending. The game encourages you to consider the consequences of your actions and the things that you choose to say, even though those consequences may not become apparent until much later. I very much liked that your behaviour over the course of the whole game affected some later events rather than choices having an immediate impact on what was going on.The overall plot is one of tolerance and understanding, and strikes a good balance between casting the player (whom you can name and gender as you desire, since you never see them) as an ""everyman"" sort of character prone to putting their foot in their mouth when confronted by groups they don't quite understand, and presenting a solid message about acceptance, learning to trust one another and personal growth.The only real criticism I'd level at the game is that its handling of gay and transgender characters feels a little ham-fisted, with their presence and the ""reveals"" of their identity seemingly being calculated to go ""SURPRISE!"" rather than simply blending them into the setting. Big burly, manly bartender dude? SURPRISE! Next time you meet him, he has another big hairy dude all over him calling him ""hon"" at every opportunity (though that said, I couldn't help but like Gus). Meet an eccentric, long-haired, bearded TV producer? SURPRISE! They're a lady! That and the presence of a non gender-specific character demonstrates just how awkward using singular ""they"" as a pronoun is in dialogue.Ultimately it doesn't hurt the overall plot at all, but these instances stick out like sore thumbs when they happen as they just don't quite feel like they're in keeping with the tone: the implication elsewhere in the plot is that society has moved beyond discrimination by gender and sexuality, and instead onto discrimination against those who are ""augmented"" in some way, either through cybernetics or genetic hybridisation. To specifically draw attention to gay and transgender characters in this way as the game does feels counter to this implication, which is otherwise well handled.This game's spiritual successor VA-11 HALL-A handles gay characters much more elegantly by them simply... just being there, no big deal, no big fuss about who they are, no sense that the game is holding you down and urging you to admire how progressive its views are.I played this game before the big update that adds voice acting, and if you're interested in this game, I'd encourage you to do the same. The few parts of the game that do already have voice acting (just the intro and epilogue at present) are immensely jarring with the rest of the game's presentation, and the delightful beepityboopityboop noise that dialogue makes throughout the rest of the game is a much more powerful stimulus to the imagination than a voice actor whose interpretation of the character may not match the one you have in your head after reading the text.Overall, Read Only Memories is a game I give a solid thumbs up. The issues I mentioned above are minor in the grand scheme of things, but hopefully the team will learn from them -- and from the things VA-11 HALL-A did better, despite being produced by a different team -- and produce even greater works in the future."
,Recommended,330820,29801597,Posted: 9 February,all,[DDST] Rasp,Not an overly long game - took me about 5 hours to beat but it was an enjoyable 5 hours a sweet point and click with a cool cyberpunk story and the new VA patch put Jim Sterling and Nowacking in it so it was definately worth whatever I paid at the time.
,Recommended,330820,22510809,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,"its ya girl, alma","if youre the kinda person to see a visual-novel type game and complain that its a visual novel well, buddy, this might not be the game for youalso if your response to xe pronouns is to froth in rage at The Dreaded Sjws Ruining The Games Why Won't They Just Pander To Me Instead you probably won't like the rest of the game eitherbut seriously, it's a refreshing take on the cyberpunk genre and honestly pretty charming, and the story is competent (and confident in itself) enough that it actually made me curious to see where the plot threads were going. it does get pretty world-building heavy, which can be a turn-off for people, but it never particuarly felt superflous to me. the characters have enough thats interesting about them to stand out, and the way the game pushes you to bond with Turing was actually pretty well-done as far as that usually goes. the soundtrack's a blast, the art is pretty good for what they're going for, and the gameplay, such as it is, does feel like a return to the days of Snatcher-type visual novel/adventure games."
76561198020131582,Recommended,330820,31403990,Posted: 27 April,all,Becky [Pretty Cool,A triumph of interactive computing. What an excellent game. Thoroughly enjoyed! I will certainly play this again.
,Not Recommended,330820,31235462,Posted: 19 April,all,Ossum,"I've played this game. Enjoyed it, even.  And I didn't vote for Trump.But maybe, just maybe, the developer could knock it off with the idiotic hate of nearly half the voting population.I mean, think about it; Trump supporters are the very people who should buy this game, if they were really as horrible as the developer seems to think. It explores post-humanism, AI, trans and gay rights and relationships, and a whole lot of other stuff besides.  Except they won't touch it now because the developer had a fit on Twitter.  Way to go.So: thumbs down, at least until the developer walks back the hate of half its potential customer base."
76561197997753928,Recommended,330820,29974851,Posted: 16 February,all,Broski,"It starts rather slow, but the story does mature to something far more interesting. Much personality in the artwork, characters, and story. Also the voiceovers are of very good quality. Unlike delicious  Hassy™ brand products, its certainly not made for everyones tastes. But I thought it was a decent game, smart and funny."
76561198050352930,Recommended,330820,29856193,Posted: 11 February,all,tx29,"Just finished 2064: Read Only Memories today! I was a bit scared at first because Cyberpunk never clicked with me. Part of that was because growing up in China, I had no exposure to such genre. But because ROM focused a lot more on exploring the possibility and moral around Hybrid humans, and AI as individual beings, I found the theme was a lot more relatable. And it doesn't hurt that many of the supporting characters are instantly likable.I highly recommend the game if you haven't tried it."
,Recommended,330820,34298150,Posted: 16 August,all,eltee,"(8.5/10)Pretty cute adventure/visual novel hybrid. The theme, pixel art, and music are all very well done and nay of the characters are memorable and interesting."
,Recommended,330820,32526061,Posted: 17 June,all,WorldLlama,"Read Only Memories shaves off most of the frustrating fluff from point and click adventure games, and leaves you with a compelling mystery with likeable and memorable characters, choices that feel significant, and a point and click game that stands on its own merits without having to rely on nostalgia for older point and click titles."
,Recommended,330820,33240467,Posted: 4 July,all,Bettiqua,"This game like?? honestly changed my life??? It made me sort of rethink the entire mystery genre, and how I *thought* mystery was supposed to work. That it doesn't have to be constant drama, that it can have fun or funny parts too, and that the contrast makes the drama work so much better.The game is fun, and all the interactables are funny (unless they're....pointedly not). The voice acting is great (Clem from TWD omg!), and the characters are all super appealing! The aesthetic too, it's so nice, along with the animation.There's just so much to this game that I think people should really experience. This game is, in my opinion? One of the best games I've ever played."
76561198057953516,Recommended,330820,29834151,Posted: 10 February,all,bronze_inigma,"I liked the story before the recent update, but I found myself uneager to play it. Now with the recent update including voice-overs I find it much easier to play. Great game."
76561197970389552,Recommended,330820,23883184,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,A Naked Hobo.,"I bought this game on some previous steam sale but it had sat forgotten about until this past weekend. So I gave it a download and then I couldn't stop playing it until I was done.This game was clearly someone's passion project. Its very well polished and it does retro in all the right ways. The pixel graphics and audio work fantastically to depict this 80's esque cyperpunk story. The writing and story itself are well done and kept me guessing until the end. It feels like it's some where between blade runner and shadowrun with a candy coating of anime to tie it all together.The only real complaint I have is the limit in interactivity. This is by no means a sierra point and click game, most puzzles (what few their are) are either straight forward or wont let you leave the current screen until you've solved it leaving this more like a semi-guided visual novel. That didnt put too much of a damper on things as I made my way through the 6 hour or so story but it may put off some that expect a little more problem solving in a point and click adventure.I don't know if I can recommend this at its full price point (unless your a big fan of retro) but on sale I'd say it's worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,330820,29795610,Posted: 8 February,all,Orreryo,"I came for the Snatcher homage, I stayed for the unexpected feels."
,Recommended,330820,29814161,Posted: 9 February,all,Propane Accessories,"Disclaimer: I haven't played the game with voice acting and I don't plan on it.Really excellent adventure game that nails a thoroughly explored aesthetic. I haven't seen cyberpunk done in the form of an adventure game/visual novel and the way they delivered it was satisfying. I loved Mega Man growing up, and it was cool to play in a cyberpunk setting without being limited to just action. The way other cities are alluded to made the world feel convincing. The features of a cyberpunk world are naturally delivered and none of it felt brick-on-the-head to me. Turing is chatty, but listening to him lets you know exactly how much in our current world and Neo-San Franciso have in common, and what the differences are.The characters are all likable too. Some just flat out won't like you. When I tried to use the dialogue options that appeared positive, like a Paragon option from Mass Effect, I was called out on it. The character I was talking to told me that I was pandering to her, and she was right. This happened somewhat early on, and it makes you more carefully pick your dialogue options. Maybe if I play again I could do something differently, idk. I really disliked how the negative options in this game were just flat out mean. Like, irredeemably and uncalled for. Maybe if you're the type to say♥♥♥♥♥♥shit without a reason those dialogue options are useful, but I don't and I can't see how the story could continue if I talked like that, lol. tldr the dialogue is p good.The art was stellar too. A cyber punk world in a pixelated setting made it fun and I guess it helped suspend my disbelief. I don't really know what else to say besides that not only was the art good, but it was also interesting to look at. Going to new areas was always exciting.The music was really really really good too. The music when you're on the street reminds you that what you're in an investigation. It kept your mood focus without restricting you or hitting you on the head like a brick. The club music was one of my favorites.Here's the bit where some people get really turned off by the game.For some reason, a lot of people felt that the game was really political or something. I bought this game without knowing that it had some queer themes. I was aprehensive because it's rarely done well, but it smoothly implemented. Midboss themselves started off with a documentary on being gay in the gaming community, so the queer themes aren't pandering: they're expressive. These themes exist in this game from top to bottom. The theme plays into the story, unlike the queer characters I've seen in Bioware games. Midboss did not just sprinkle them on top. To say otherwise would be completely missing the some central themes of the game.Next I'm going to talk about what made this game stick with me, and why I felt like it was worth the time spent playing.Spoilers aheadRead Only Memories is a game about a robot who has only looked at humanity through an objective lens. His knowledge is nearly infinite but none of it intuitive. They're the first of their kind and their entire road is upaved and unexplored. You get to play as a type of baby sitter, or older sibling, who introduces this child person to the world. This child is the hero of the story, not you. It's up to you to help this robot found out what kind of human they want to be. What made this theme so amazing was how it just, like... wasn't apparent to me until towards the end, where Turing is laying out the plan for the team, and you're listening. I reflected on the dialogue between us and sort of realized this right before the game ended. It was really cool. It's a theme I've never gotten to experience in a game before. Even if the game does get much less exciting towards the latter half, it's still all worth finishing. It's about what it means to be human, and in our contemporary society, gender identity and sexuality are unignorable parts of that. Some of those themes are why this game delivers itself so well.End SpoilersAnyways... This game is really good and will leave you thinking about it inbetween sessions. Going to work, I found myself reflecting on the clues I'd found so far. I had to continually retrace my steps to predict what would come next. The music stayed stuck in my head, the characters were memorable and each felt different to talk to. This game was an experience that I'm going to keep looking for, even if it wasn't perfect."
76561198041406773,Recommended,330820,29892530,Posted: 12 February,all,palmtrees88,"I played this game, slowly savoring all of its moods, before the voice actors were added and I completely loved it.  There's a lot of story here, some progressive political agendas, and a delightful cast of characters.  A lot of fun with an engaging story, even if it doesn't have a lot of replay value.  I don't think I would have liked it as much with voice actors, but I'm sure folks playing now will still enjoy.  Check it out and get immersed in a queer, fun, quirky retrofuture in the City by the Bay."
,Recommended,330820,29793585,Posted: 8 February,all,A Fluffy Dog,A very good video game by good people
,Recommended,330820,31493469,Posted: 1 May,all,Fore,"Visual novels are one of my favorite forms of storytelling, and after finding this game throughVa-11 Hall-a, I was excited to play it, expecting similar but still different themes as they are set in the same universe.I was very wrong, and that's probably for the better.2064 is definitely a better GAME. While Va-11 Hall-a was a better story, but that doesn't mean 2064 was bad in anyway. It was just different on several different levels. Let me explain.While Va-11 Hall-a follows one character (ie. Jill), while 2064 follows the duo of Turing and it's Protagonist (ie. YOU). This creates more of a social feel to 2064, kind of like that you're never alone, but also completely rules out the use of internal monologue. By far the main difference in between the two, is while Va-11 Hall-a has a very melancholy tone, where the sadness is more than present, you always feel like it will be okay in the end throughout the entire novel, but that feeling is very much absent in 2064, the entire game is just simply far darker and there are many moments where you feel like everything is gonna be f*cked and there's nothing you can do about it, which, after the ending, makes it a very round and good experienceNow lets compare one last thing between the two games: WaifusAn all important topic to cover at any stage of review for any game, the quality of Waifu in a game much uphold to the style and setting of the game as well, if that made sense.Va-11 Hall-a is called WaifuBartending for a reason, Jill is actually a very lovable protagonist and you always feel as though you want the best for her, while in 2064, YOU are the progagonist, and you may or may not be a massive d*ckhead, quite probably the former.Supporting cast wise, both are evenly matched, both have a quirky robot,in Turing and Dorothy, both have adorable hackers,Alma and TOMCAT respectively, both have a dynamic duoin Stella/Sei and Starf*cker(Chad)/Oli, and both have an all important badassin Dana and Lexi. So supporting cast wise the game are quite similar, with a few small changes.Also Jess best girlOverall the game was a pleasent experience, I finished it in the span of a day and while it was enjoyable I don't intend on replaying it anytime soon."
,Recommended,330820,31243650,Posted: 19 April,all,Shirleycakes,"Absolutely love the new version of this game! Played the original ROM to death, and this update and the voice cast are a welcome addition.The throwback to 90's adventure games is handled so well, and the characters and narrative are so compelling. Plus, robots!"
,Recommended,330820,20867158,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,elderq.firestorm713,"Let's get this out of the way immediately. If you're not a huge fan of the modern socjus crowd, you probably won't like this game. It has diverse characters as one of the biggest selling points of the game, and it more or less has folks of many backgrounds, ethnicities, sexualities and gender identities. If that turns up your nose, you won't like it. I think, however, that it deserves heaps of praise for doing this. It has managed to put in a large variety of interesting characters with a variety of backgrounds without straying into tokenism or stereotypes (mostly, I'll come back to that).TL/DR: If you like diamond-in-the-rough well written adventure games, give this one a shot, unless the above applies to you.Getting that out of the way, the game is generally pretty good, but has lots of room for improvement. I'd like to see the developer come back and do more work, with the lessons this game has taught them, I hope.Some big gameplay criticisms are: there aren't very many good ""talking puzzles"" for an adventure game that features a lot of talking. Generally the 'correct' path is very obvious, and there aren't a lot of times where you have to carefully navigate your way through a conversation; this game is very light on the adventure game elements. The solutions, while (mostly) straying away from insane moon logic of older adventure games, overcorrects too far and can be a tad easy.Some story elements that could use work: while for the most part the dialogue is quite well written, the story relies on contrivances at times. I feel like the writers were worried about tension settling in too long, and so while there's one primary arc that takes up the whole game, each chapter has a number of things that are solved very quickly, and not always in a logical way. Succinctly put, I hope the writer goes back and reads some mystery novels, especially older pulpy ones, if this is the kind of story they're going for. I feel like the difficulty in the puzzles is also reflected in the characters' difficulty in solving the mystery. It could be because of the relatively short length of the game, but I feel like more dead ends, more chances for tension of not being able to solve the mystery would've added a lot to the tension and made the conflict more real. As it stood, I never really felt like the characters were in real danger of not succeeding. I also feel like the story was a tad predictable by about chapter 3 or 4. If you've seen [REDACTED] you'll know exactly what the plot twists are going to be.Finally, I do have some beefs with some of the characters. I feel like while they did try, and deserve credit for doing so, to make characters of various sexual, ethnic and gender backgrounds, they had a tendency to be a little ham-fisted about telling you about it, and skirted the line very close to stereotype. I feel subtlety would've gone a long way in making this feel more organic and less like the writer's utopian view of the future (a flawed utopia, but still a utopia).To conclude, if you've made it this far in the review, try the game. It's definitely worth the asking price (and then some), and I've paid more for games I've enjoyed less. Turing is adorable and amazing, and the characters are generally awesome and memorable. It's flawed, but still really good. I'm as harsh on it as I am because I genuinely like it."
,Recommended,330820,31261344,Posted: 20 April,all,linuxpunk,"Lovely pixel art, good game2064 Read Only Memories is a nice point and click rpg, withlovelypixelart, sweet music, great voice acting and a nice plot about solving a murder in a near future cyberpunk San Franscisco.The main thing I dislike about this game is how goody goody two shoes the whole game is. The punks are afraid of the police and even the anti-technology protesters keep their protest within the boundaries of non violence. I'm sorry, but I like my punks punk, these punks are happy-punk at best.On the good side, this game portrays queer characters, and takes a little nib at feminist, technology or genetic issues relevant to our times. That alone makes this game an interesting experience, totally worth your time.I appreciate the linux support"
76561198328321017,Recommended,330820,33805886,Posted: 26 July,all,che8,"Very well written, great voice acting. Great soundtrack also, funny at points. Bit easy tho. Overall great pnc"
,Recommended,330820,27401160,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bone Saw is Ready,"Amazing soundtrack, wonderful story, superb art. A story heavy adventure game with great writing that I reccomend to all my friends whenever I can. Ecstatic to play anything these devs make for the rest of their careers."
76561198076296552,Recommended,330820,24327533,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,armadylo,"Immediately after playing through the first two chapters and prologue, I was *hooked* on this game. And not just on a regular level, either. I love it. The characters are well-written and voiced (in the upcoming upgraded version titled ""2064: Read Only Memories""!), and the writing is just nuanced and enjoyable in general.One of the biggest appeals of this game for me was the uncanny gameplay resemblance to ""SNATCHER"" (1994 Sega CD release), which is a very good thing if you're into either PC-style adventure games and/or dark, gritty cyberpunk themes and atmospheres. ""ROM"" owes its art-style, music direction, and basic plot theme(s) to that game, but alternates and modernizes all of these into something very, very special.As a bonus note: if you're like me, you'll enjoy the references to some rather interesting things, such as the band Yellow Magic Orchestra, Snatcher, what looks like the Sharp X68000 computer (Look closely in a certain someone's apartment at some point in Chapter 1), the Dreamcast, etc etc etc.!Without getting into the details of the story in order to prevent any possible spoilers, I will end it on this note: I absolutely *love* this game! A great experience of a game and story, with a diverse cast and excellent retro-styled graphics and sound! Give it a shot! :D"
,Recommended,330820,21389954,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,The ursus amplexus enthusiast,"If you are looking for a game with a huge narrative, loveable characters and a story that might leave you thinking about artificial intelligence and the future of technology. Look no further!The big selling point is defenetely the story and the visuals since the gameplay is pure point n' click with some ocasional puzzles. The soundtrack is pretty nice though."
,Recommended,330820,32861277,Posted: 27 June,all,albicant__,"beautiful, but if you're not a fan of visual novel games, avoid like the plague!brings up many interesting forward-thinking points about androids / ourselves / how we treat others / the future, enclosed within very 90s pixel art.if you liked VA-11 HALL-A, you'll definitely like this one! (watch out for the little references... ;) )"
,Recommended,330820,33942179,Posted: 31 July,all,Starfucker,"When I first saw this game, I instantly knew I would want to play it. I was searching for a fun and interactive cyberpunk game to play, and this game was exactly what I was looking for. However, it gave me ALOT more than I thought it would. I also want to preface this game by saying that is does an excellent job of including LGBT+ content, both in the min character and in others.The first time I started this game, I didn't do it justice. I played for maybe 2 hours and then stopped for a few months. When I came back, the game had had an update, and it was entirely voiced. This really helped me play through the game, and kept me interested.Now, the story for this game is its ultimate strong suit. The more and more I played, the better the plot and its progression got. The OST helped a lot with this, as moments where nothing serious happening had more lighthearted music, and serious moments had more intense and emotionally appropriate music. The game never felt tale with the story it was giving me. For a game that can take maybe a good 10 hours if you're really getting into it, nothing that I experienced felt unnecessary. All the little dialogue felt needed and very much welcome. With this game being a visual novel, this was a key part to get right.A part along side the story that was done just right were the characters. The cast is very unique, and all the characters have enough story tied to them to where they are all important. Albeit some have more than others, all the characters have development, and watching them adapt while bouncing of of each other was so much fun. Watching their personalities clash and work along side each other felt so fluid and natural.The best part is that with multiple endings, there is still so much I've yet to experience, granted, it will take some time to get too, but I know it will be worth it. This game has left a strong impact on me, and I won't soon forget it. Games recently have had a harder time leaving me with an emotional impact, but this game did so in a magnificent way.I would recommend this game to anyone who wants a good visual novel to play, and especially if you want a good cyberpunk one at that."
76561198003711145,Recommended,330820,21327708,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,amarant42,"I just couldn't resist to such a beautiful 80's-like drawing, that cheesy trailer, that characters, that mild, but juicy colors, that gorgeous pixel-art, and you know what? I didn't regret for a second.There is not much games like that in Steam, so don't overlook it."
76561197977862426,Recommended,330820,22095491,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Fuscus,"Missing the charm of adventure games of yesteryear, but not the pixel hunts or sanity-defying puzzles? Wish you could play an adventure game that acknowledges that gender isn't binary and that queer people exist as something other than a token character? Check out ROM!It tackles some genuine moral quandaries, but has at its heart a cast of well-drawn characters. This is a colorful, lighthearted noir romp (as contraictory as those descriptors may seem) through the possible onset of a singularity, but it never loses sight of the people it wants you to care about. It's impossible to overlook that this is a future that, while in some ways perhaps the standard cyberpunk dystopia, is significantly better off socially: queerness is a given and accommodated rather than hated or swept under the rug.Basically, fans of cyberpunk and adventure games can find something here to celebrate and even be moved by."
,Recommended,330820,22518389,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,wil son,"Very cute game, one of the few story-games I've enjoyed. Point n Click adventure that sorta just takes you along for the ride, no super critical thinking (except for the puzzles that pop up)TURING IS CUTE PLAY THE GAME"
,Recommended,330820,24346671,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,elfpvke,"This game reminds me a lot of the 1990 Westwood game 'Circuit's Edge', if it had a (really good) soundtrack, a more well-rounded story, and came on about 500 floppy disks."
,Recommended,330820,22385556,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Jupiter Icy Moons Explorer,"first things first: i love this game. you will fall in love with the robot, turing, super quick. they have an incredible depth of character, and it's so fascinating getting their opinion on the world around them. turing's cute, inquisitive, and very very smart- and they're aware of all of these facts. and as you play the game, they're constantly surprising you. true, there's plenty of other features, and the lore in general is really interesting- but turing is the highlight and my personal strongest draw to the game, by farbefore this game, i didn't really care about robots. now, i am completely in love with robots and i want to be friends with them all. robots are good"
76561198067325580,Recommended,330820,31517888,Posted: 2 May,all,Sun Chip,"An utterly gorgeous world in all respects. The sights, the sounds, the story! This game quickly impressed me, and perhaps more impressively it stayed more than on my good side. The characters had me smitten to the last. Will play again! (Even aside from the great replay value!)"
76561198018771921,Not Recommended,330820,21828092,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,LORD OF THE NAUGHTY BUNS,This game flat out sucks.
,Recommended,330820,31807663,Posted: 17 May,all,ZetsubouOuji,I've yet to find a single cishet character so that really says something 10/10 would play again
,Not Recommended,330820,26033759,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Mothoween,"I wasn't planning on reviewing this game, I was planning on getting a refund and leaving it alone. Unfortunately, I couldn't get a refund. I want my $5 back.I like point and click games, and I like cyberpunk games.I read some reviews saying it had LGBT chracters in it and other reviews saying it was ""SJW trash"" so I assumed that the people saying ""SJW trash"" were just mad it had LGBT chracters in it.I am part of the LGBT community and this game makes a mockery of LGBT people.""LGBT people are like furries""""Being LGBT is just a choice""""xe/xir bunself pronouns are normal uwu""""Being genderfluid is a real thing""I had to take a moment and wonder if this game was actually made by people who want to make fun of LGBT peopleIf you're LGBT, don't buy this.If you wanted a good cyberpunk adventure, don't buy this.I never thought I'd say this, but this game is disrespectful, boring, uninteresting ""SJW trash."""
76561198266991338,Recommended,330820,19665660,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Sailor Doom,your new fav queer cyberpunk point and click adventure starring your new sweetie sapient machine bestie 10/10 I loved this game so much! <3
,Recommended,330820,22705854,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Aleriza,"I love the gameplay and the whole story is nice, it gives you a good idea what you need to do next.The game isn't really that hard but I love to play it from time to time and the artstyle is really nice."
,Recommended,330820,23916028,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Red,"a game with a wonderfully diverse cast, interesting story, and choices that actually matter, with an amazing soundtrack that puts the icing on the cake. if you aren't offended by characters that aren't white, cis, heterosexual men, then this game is a must buy!"
,Recommended,330820,24414326,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Butter_Groove,"There is just so much to love about ROM. I won't go into too much detail, which is already expressed in other reviews, regarding the endearing characters (especially Turing, yes they are a delightful lead character indeed), clever storyline, and witty, engaging dialogue. All these things are fantastic and probably the main reasons you should buy this point and click adventure game (well, really more of a visual novel honestly).What I would like to touch upon in this review are all the little things that ROM does so well that truly amount to the proverbial icing on the cake, however each being so much more than the sum of its parts. First of all, in many ways it feels like ROM is one of the only, and possibly the strongest currently, game to champion the LGBTQ movement. Not just within the world of gaming, but also on a more metaphorical and philosophical level. The important roles that queer, gender-fluid, and ""hybrid"" (genetically modified) characters play in the story and the world is really striking. And in a sense, the main robot character's drive to learn about it's own sapience and role, to discover itself, feels like it reflects the path of discovery that transgender people deal with as they transition through their lives. I'm a straight male, so I can't speak on too much of these topics outside of what I've read and the small group of transgender people in my nearby community that I've connected with, but it feels like the creators of ROM are onto something great here. It is also more than fitting that the game takes place in a futuristic San Francisco, the palace and paradise of queer here in the US. I haven't checked up on this, but I would be surprised if Midboss (the developers) or at least some of their staff aren't from the Bay Area.Beyond this really key element, the game is an homage to so many sci-fi cyberpunk lovers wet dreams. The references to Neuromancer, Blade Runner, The Matrix and so forth get me all hot and bothered just thinking about them :) Not to mention how much the gameplay feels like a carbon copy of Snatcher in so many ways—not a bad thing, mind you! Additionally, the at times side-splittingly hilarious dialogue responses which occur when interacting with objects make it so worth clicking on everything and trying everything out. There are so many things you can click on, and for each of them in many cases you have up to 4 ways to interact: look at, talk to, touch, or use an item on. Let me just say right now that you should use the 'spoiled milk' item on EVERYTHING you can. Some of the responses... just priceless.My one complaint with the game is that it does overall feel a bit too much like a visual novel. There isn't much gameplay to be had other than clicking on stuff and selecting different choices. The few puzzles and mini-games are actually pretty fun, but they don't really ramp up until the final chapter. It would have been nice if there were more puzzles and variety to the sorts of things you could do in the game outside of clicking and exploring.That however is a small price to pay for everything else the game has got going for it. Go and buy it, now!"
,Recommended,330820,24944187,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,fluffer ♥︎ pupper,Fun story with a great soundtrack. I love the artwork!
,Recommended,330820,30045029,Posted: 19 February,all,Minutiae,"The addition of voice acting in the new update was largely an improvement, but it seems surprisingly incomplete and characters will suddenly stop being voiced in certain scenes. This came across as somewhat odd given the thoroughness that MidBoss showed in other aspects of the game (for example the sheer variety of reactions the game has to you using a carton of spoiled milk on objects).Despite its flaws, I reccomend Read Only Memories both before and after the 2064 update."
76561198026507228,Recommended,330820,31622128,Posted: 8 May,all,spanglishhorseGamer,"It's okay.But it misses something.The voice acting are okay but bland and all and it's to hear Jim Sterling starting in this game.But it has too many dialogues and too less actions.I expected some more shooting scene like how the Kojima game ""snatcher"" has but what I can do is just go to the minigame where to shoot ghosts and beat the highscore and there is no other minigames to play and that's just lame.It's lame when there is less fun factor.More talking, less action. And the puzzles are too easy all I had to do is look, interact talk or use an item, that's all.The plot was pretty interesting but didn't wow me much so I'm not that impressed and all characters are not memorable except Turing and starlover. There are some line that made me chuckle and laugh and agreed what the characters have said their opinions and all it was okay.The saving was not so great I wish it has some kind of a save state so I can load the game at the exact spot where I stopped.The music are alright though.In conclusion : it's okay. Just like I said, too less action scenes and too less shootings like in Snatcher and that's lame.I'd recommend it if you're into such kind of story driven games with less violence.But I don't recommend for those who is a big of Snatcher and other classic Hideo Kojima games.I beat this game before I write this review and hope you understand it and if you're​ really want to play it that's up to you.I might give this game a 5/10. Like I said, I expected more shooting instead just a minigames I just found, I mean, c'mon."
,Recommended,330820,34619640,Posted: 30 August,all,EhoNo1,"Good, enjoyable story with some plot twists you won't see coming.I beat the game before voice acting was added, and from my experience it's probably better without it."
76561198151783485,Recommended,330820,21390097,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,emsi404,an incredible story led game that i have enjoyed and plan on enjoying again.
,Recommended,330820,21678005,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,FyriFloo,"For all intents and purposes, this is just about the best cyberpunk saga out there. Looks like 1980's, Sounds like 1980's, Feels like 1980's, Smells like 1980's, Tastes like 1980's...Read Only Memories is actually a good non-linear story. And despite its simple puzzle mechanics, it's rather fun to play. The soundtrack is awesome and has great variety. The graphics, while intentional dated, have some really impressive character designs. There's also a wonderful amount of humor both in the open and hidden deep within the game that I didn't expect.Naturally, most games have their negative moments. Before the boss fight, I was thinking I could rate this game 10/10. But the game mechanics for that encounter were so unrelated to the previous portions of the game and so horrible the first three tries that I'm bumping the game fairly down to 8.5/10.Don't let the anticipation of a horribly scripted event discourage you, though. I'm still playing this game for good reason. Most of it is fun. So fun, in fact, I'm considering *not* putting this on a ""Play and Forget"" list after eventual achievement mastery. I relate a lot to a character named Jess, and I just can't get enough of her portion of the tale.This game is $10 well spent, and I will certainly invest more replay time into it than most other indie titles in my library over the next few years."
76561198260892132,Recommended,330820,21490052,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,cjawsome42,"This Game is an amazing cyberpunk adventure. You get to talk to a whole city of interesting people. This game comments on the technologies that will shape our world in 50 years. That is what hit me hardest, the fact that I will probably live to see the year 2064, where this game is set in. Plus you get a cute robot freind. enough said."
76561198087186954,Recommended,330820,23761882,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,SonicManiaLove,"It's like a Snatcher, but much more modern and not as graphic! If you like point n' click, fantastic pixel designs and animations, good music and great characters, then this is a must-buy!!"
,Recommended,330820,20678368,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Frisk-y,"First of all, I must say that this is the first (and probably last) time I'm doing a review, because that's not my thing at all, I just wanted to write my experience with this title as spoiler-free as possible (I will also avoid talking about/comparing with Undertale because I don't think it would be fair at all, even if both share pretty specific traits other people reviewing this game have mentioned before).What can I say? I'm a Tumblr user myself, but not a SJW (I must be the last person who could be considered one in some kind of imaginable), I'm just a Roleplayer that saw a Blog related to this game and catched their interest. That's all._The first thing that got me into the game was the style it was using, from the designs/music of the scenery and the characters I've saw in the trailer, I'm someone who loves pixel games but also anything related to cyberpunk (not a huge reason behind it, it's probably just an aesthetic), point-and-clicks too, so it was a nice way of introducing me to a title I had no idea about at all (also, Turing, I don't think I'm the only one who bought the game because of them).I understand why could the subjects introduced into this game could intimidate/bother a few, I think this happens because the diversity of characters (in both race and sexuality/gender) is still a pretty new thing, also, because of Tumblr's fame out of the website, which, I must admit, is not the best.Still, even if they weren't that much developed (the game is short so I was expecting it), I really liked getting to know all this characters, even the surprises that came with a few of them (I'll be honest, I didn't expected several characters being in a homosexual relationship, that was a pretty good move, Midboss, it felt real to me). Though Turing was basically an emotional rollercoaster for me, I cried with that freaking character, they were both cute and heart-breaking and it caused pretty brutal emotions on me.I reccommend this game, but not because of the gameplay or details of that kind, but because I would like to know how could someone else react to it, if they would get sad after something happens, or if they would show happiness after something possitive occurs on the game (besides, this game is pretty obscure and it deserves some time under the spotlight). I really enjoyed playing ROM and I can't wait to taste more about this game (I've still got endings to witness, but I've got a code that involved not being a jerk even on videogames).I only wanted to talk about my experience with this title so no rating at all, just someone's heart talking. Do with this information whatever you wish to do."
76561198103651459,Recommended,330820,26190819,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,GamerRedNeck,"Honestly, I get the dislike for this game.  As a point-and-click, it's alright.  In terms of being ""Cyberpunk,"" it needs more ""Cyber.""  As an interactive novel, however, I enjoyed this game.  Just know what you're getting into when buying it and you should be fine."
,Not Recommended,330820,20311400,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Crucial Deluxe,looks cool doesn't it?it's not. it's wank.
,Recommended,330820,23712889,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Shit-Ass Dead Dude,Spoiled Milk/10
,Recommended,330820,23735599,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,corgi dad,"Won me over with its beautiful characters (TOMCAT and Turing, I'm looking at you), really good soundtrack, and treatment of gender. (custom pronouns are an option!!) Actually, its overall themes of inclusion.It's a visual novel-type game similar to Phoenix Wright, one of my favorite series. It's about a cybersecurity mystery in 2064 San Francisco. Honestly, if it /were/ a Phoenix Wright game, it'd be my favorite.Least favorite part of the game? Voice acting at the beginning and ending. And the upcoming voice acting in the middle. I really really prefer vocal blips...But yeah, this made a lasting impression on me. Love it. Looking forward to more content."
,Not Recommended,330820,30129493,Posted: 23 February,all,Capperclawed,"Alright, for starters in enjoyed this game quite a bit, but i feel that i enjoyed it because i only looked past some of the games weaker points, so ill sum up this entire review in one line.TL;DR-  Game's theme and art direction are fantastic and work well together, but the characters seemed very stand-offish, including the player character at times, which for a murder mystery, hurts the game a lot.In long- This game looks fantastic. i know its easy to pull the pixel art aestitic in modern indie games and its a common thing youre probably sick of by now (heck thats why i stopped playing isaac post update) but i will say this game thrives on it. being a cyberpunk game the hard gritty retro 90s look of pixel art and CRT's does wonders for the game. The environments are full of life, and the theming of the rest of the game pair with the art style in a way that really sucks you in. all in all i would say that this is the strongest thing that the game has going for it.Another good thing is the plot as a broad whole. The murder mystery is shaped well, characters are all important no matter how infrequently you have to talk to them (ill get to that later), and i enjoyed the plot. It was suspenseful and entertaining and rewarding. But im just speaking of the plot right now, the characters that are part of it are a different story entirely.Everyone is a♥♥♥♥♥♥ And no i dont mean detective, i mean straight up ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s most of the time. Some of the characters are really nice dont get me wrong, but i find the biggest part of a murder mystery is being able to connect and like all the characters for who they are, and if theyre rude a lot of the time, give me reasons why, and let me understand them on more of a surface level. Dont let them be rude then just say ""Oh they had tough times and dont like society yadi yadi yadda"". And dont make all of your characters rude. i would say a clean 80% of the characters (and sometimes they player character, you get to pick their actions and whatnot but sometimes i feel like im fighting to not be a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, are hard to talk to, and i want to avoid them. to the point where if one gets thrown out of a window im sitting here like ""Dude i would have thrown you out a window w/e."" Its tricky getting invested in anyone whos rude to your character because you just dont wanna associate with them, and thats where this game fell flat for me.I dont recomend this game because i feel that a lot of the work put into the environments and a well thought out plot just gets the crap beat out of it by the, at times, poorly written characters who want nothing to do with you or the game that theyre in. Yes the game has fantastic characters as well, but i couldnt get invested because of the dialog. Would i recomend this game from an art and design standpoint? ten times over, but otherwise i would say unless you're reeeeelly looking for a cyberpunk visual novel (Yes visual novel, its not an adventure game, most of the time its point a to point b and you talk a lot. thats not bad, just know its a novel with like 4 minigames hidden in it and not an adventure game) then grab it. Otherwise i would watch someone online play it."
76561198185839702,Recommended,330820,34488036,Posted: 25 August,all,jrb7891,"I really like this game, I super recommend it to anyone who likes these types of games.  My only complaint is that when I felt like it was time to think and solve something the game kinda just gave me a big metaphorical arrow and told me where to go.  You gotta think sometimes but not much, that's the impression I got at least.  The dialoge is good for the most part but then it has it's moments of meh; the voice acting is pretty good and the visuals are great though.  One more thing - I get it, people are gay in SF, sometimes it felt like that was a point in the story that had absolutely nothing to do with the story.  It was like I was trying to solve a mystery and the game was like *nudge**nudge**wink**wink* ""Gay people.""  and I felt like ""Yeah ok that nice and all but the guy with the robot and the conspiracy and whatnot, and who was phone?"".Other than that it's nowhere near as hard as snatcher but its still a great game, you should get it: potential customer wasting thier time reading my garbage review."
,Recommended,330820,24171186,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,UntoldOmen,"Right off the bat i'll say, it's pretty damn awesome to have a game as inclusive and accessible to just about everyone as this but lets get down to itRead Only Memories (ROM) is a beautiful lil point and click adventure game sort of in the same vain of some older Telltale games with a colourful cyberpunk setting, wonderfully interesting characters and an awesome story, there's always the demo to check out first if ya dont fancy spending your money straight away.But in short if you like your point and clickers, this is one i'd definitely recommend"
,Recommended,330820,33213942,Posted: 3 July,all,Mediarahan,"VA-11 HALL-A is what inspired me to give this a shot, and not even an hour into the game the music has made me feel right where I wanted to be with this game."
,Recommended,330820,34765902,Posted: 5 September,all,Chamomile,"yeah, i'd recommend it. it was fun to play it all in one go"
76561198134842771,Recommended,330820,30481720,Posted: 12 March,all,Tanhathan,"A very good cyberpunk story.A few things are very specific: it's a Point'n'clicks with a pixelized artwork. If you like this kind of game, perfect! If you are not very keen on those kind of games, you might want to give it a try regardless.You'll find there some sort of detective story based in a futuristic society. You'll have to help Turing (the first Sentient AI) to solve the mystery of its maker disapeering while encountering a wide range of colorfull character and coming across a variety of moral, societal or philosophycal questions.Those characters are the game main strength. I found them extremely well written and very convincing. But more importantly: so divers...A great deal of effort have been put into this game by the developers to make sure to have characters with a variety of beliefs, sexual identity, morals whithout ever feeling like archetypes or ""clichés"".The game isn't that hard (a few object interactions might seem a bit weird) and can easly be played in ten hours, like over a cloudy weekend.I definetly enjoyed this game. I hope you'll too and I strongly advise you to give it a try"
,Recommended,330820,19961606,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Twistedironpaw,"It's a great experience. The character this game oozes is WONDERFUL. The music, the pixel-art, the writing, the interconnected world, even timing in certain parts of the text scrolling all add to this experience. Every line of dialouge you are able to read helps flesh out the game's world, and helps you to better understand the incredbily realistic and fantastic characters in this world. If you want some good modernist asimov-esque science-fiction reading with characters who aren't played out, here's your cue, go buy this game immediately. The Dialouge is masterfully written and executed, the plot is excellent. Even the music's minimalistic looping tracks and the minimal use of voice acting add to the game's aesthetics.Now, the morally dubious 'bad guy' characters are all pretty mary-sue (though very useful, realistic and appropriate mary-sues) but if you get over that, and you're not a stickler for use of negative possibility space or outstanding use of leudonarrative mechanics, this game is a fantastic point and click adventure and an absolutely brilliant story.However, if I was to have one gripe with the game, it is the the game's many elements of play. The puzzles and interactive dialouge system. Most of the time game mechanics line up poorly with the story. Hacking does not feel like hacking; It feels like you yourself are running the program rather than writing the program. There are exceptions to this rule, a few of the puzzles are exactly as difficult as they should be and are very satisfying. Most puzzles are not justified by the narrative, when you have a master hacker and suped up AI ROM with you that could accomplish these tasks easily. There are side characters who could feasibly be persuaded into helping you whom you cannot talk to. You cannot decide to join the antagonists, or the Human Revolution, which I imagine several players would love to do. The puzzles are not paced to be more difficult or complex the farther into the game you get, but rather the hardest puzzles are placed near the end instead, with empty space between them filled by much easier ones (although no puzzle is hard enough to require more than 2 tries at it). Failure states exist where none should, and some puzzles exist only as inconviences which can lead to failure states.This game is not perfect, in it is fact far from it. But it does have a lot of heart, a number of fantastic ideas for how to make an interactive narrative compelling, and the interactive narrative is despite its built-in limitations, one of the best cyberpunk stories I've ever had the pleasure of experiencing, if not THE best. The story, the dialouge, the world and the game's use of meaningful choice and consequence are so good that I am able to, even including every flaw I noticed as a game designer, give it a glowing 8.9/10.I can't wait for what comes next."
,Recommended,330820,20646722,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,LittleBerry,This game is really lovely all around from aesthetic to dialogue. The characters are great and the way this game asks for pronouns andplayers specifics is an example of how easily and well inclusion can be achieved. I honestly could play this for hours the story is great and i love Turing.
76561198086252978,Recommended,330820,20667101,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Burningspirit,"When i bought this I did it because it was reccomended to me by a trusted source. If it hadd not been for that I wouldd never have bought this game, because it has been positively SLAM DUNKED by most reviews. And while the game certaintly has its flaws i do not think it is a bad experience. I actually really loved the characters and the interactions you have with them.Pros*Very well fleshed out characters*Nicely detailed enviroments (Plenty of hidden dialogue)*Because of the way items are highlighted on screen, you will not end up being stuck looking for a pixel*Pretty good soundtrack (If you're a fan of keyboard stuff)*A plot that is interesting all the way throughCons*If you like to be the protagonist in games, then this game may not be for you as the player character is mostly treated as a secondary character (though you still impact events)*The game has a habit of putting you into puzzles that seem like they are very important (though some matter less than others) and then not letting you save, meaning that unless you manage to solve them the first time around, you may end up with a worse ending*Though the use of the highlighted item finding means you will not be caught pixel hunting it does mean that most puzzles that require you to use point and click style problem solving are very easy.Overall while the game does have flaws i feel that the story and characters more than make up for it, and i thoroughly enjoyed every minute i spent with ROM and its characters.8/10"
76561198062434812,Recommended,330820,21261325,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,sid2tiger6,"A great game. The cyberpunk setting was interesting and well-done and the characters were diverse and likeable , however some of the minigames were a little annoying. That said, its cool how their are multiple solutions to each problem you encounter, Overall,I recommend this game and I think its worth the money because of it's diverse characters, interesting storyline and it's high replaybility."
,Recommended,330820,21577204,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,The Almighty Foofy,"The ending I got made me cry. They were simultaneously tears of joy and tears of sorrow.10/10 MidBoss. You've got a winner on your hands with this. Excellent themes, gripping story, and absolutely loveable characters, might be one of my best of 2016."
,Recommended,330820,22515816,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Glitch,"Ever since seeing Ghost in the Shell as a kid, I’ve had an obsession with cyberpunk. Dystopian futures, androids, body augmentation, VR….man, that’s the stuff of my dreams. Needless to say when Erik recommended Read Only Memories, a game by MidBoss, featuring all of the above and more, I absolutely could not resist dropping the $15 on it and I was not disappointed. Read Only Memories was worth every penny, but it also wasn’t everything that it could have been. It’s wonderful when a movie or game is everything we expect, but in this case, I can’t help but wish it had surprised me more instead of choosing to play it safe. Regardless of this, Read Only Memories is a great game and has a lot to offer.Audio/VisualUpon first booting up the game, you are inundated with gorgeous and nostalgic inducing 16-bit style graphics. This aesthetic may not be for everyone, but for those that like it, it’s well executed and brings a lot of charm to the experience. The low fidelity nature of the visuals can make the interface clunky at times as it’s not always easy to make out what you’re looking at (especially for really small things) but those instances are infrequent and are easily resolved by choosing “look” to get a brief description of the object. All-in-all the visuals are stylish and really bring a lot of personality to the game.This nostalgic visual style is complemented with a tight 80’s synth inspired soundtrack by 2 Mello that provides an atmospheric backdrop to the locations and a sense of personality to the characters you meet during your journey. The music rarely feels like a bad fit however at times it is more understated than I would have liked, as the overall vibe is very mellow throughout. One funny note though, I found that some of the tracks would not have sounded out-of-place in a classic Sonic game, if sped up (check out track 16 – Troublemaker to see what I mean). Like the visuals, the soundtrack will likely be enjoyed by most of the intended audience of this game but it might not hit the mark for gamers who’re looking for the next Undertale soundtrack as it lacks the same energy and catchy pop music sensibilities, offering up a more ambient vibe instead. That being said, it makes for great background/work music.StoryRead Only Memories is a visual novel with point & click adventure elements. As such, heavy emphasis is placed on the narrative and the characters. There are the rare puzzles to solve and divergent plot lines but for the most part the game is very linear in nature. Some may take issue with this as it reduces the replayability of it but I think in this case it wasn’t a matter of lazy design but rather to give the developers the most control over the exact experience they wanted you to have. There is a particular set of themes, questions, and decisions that it’s clear MidBoss wanted you to think about and to that end, it is successful. To it’s own detriment though, it makes for story that can (at times) be too predictable...To read the rest of the review, see:http://www.nerdfit.com/2016/04/15/read-only-memories-review/"
,Recommended,330820,25117837,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Afternoon Tea,"One thing I did under mind the first time was the power to save over multiple slots. It's pretty convinient especially if you want to go through different choices and possibly swipe some lingering achievements without the hastle of creating a new game. I'd advise using it, you don't have to, but they DID put it in the game after all!"
76561198253591692,Recommended,330820,21510657,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,guzzosenpai,Fantastic Little Game.
,Recommended,330820,21231901,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Azur,"Ok so I haven't gotten to the end of the game yet, probably not even half-way there. If something in the later half makes me change my mind, I'll be editing this review to reflect my new perspective.So this game is pretty charming. Its a point-and-clicker, I guess. I use the xbox360 controller, so keep this in mind with this review.It has a nice style to it. SImple, nice colours- doesn't go overboard, your eyes are fine and not screaming. Alot of games trying to go for this look tend to make you want to gauge your own eyes out. Not this one.Side characters are interesting, and recognizable- you won't have an issue confusing them. They aren't over-the-top, but still manage to all be varied in shapes and sizes and colour schemes.You can take your time, or not. The game does make you feel some sense of urgency, but you can pace yourself without any punishment, as far as I have played.Idk. Its fun, and the story does bring interest. The side characters are interesting each in their own right, and the game lets you be as polite or rude as you wish to be with them. Some characters like you instantly, others are snappy and defensive (some with reason, some without) and you can approach things in different ways to get your goals.Personally I like offering gross spoilt milk to everyone and everything just to see their reaction. But thats just me.I recommend it regardless of the type of gamer you are, its visually nice. Might not be everyones cup of tea, but its good to waste some time, if you aren't really into the story. I am, so I'm willing to play it to the end, but even so its fun just messing around in it."
76561197960282791,Recommended,330820,21281320,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Kyote,"Assuming you're tolerant and you live in the year 2016 like a modern person, and you like cyberpunk, AND you fondly remember SNES games like Shadowrun, you really should play this. It's got puzzles, but they're forgiving. it's got good writing, and characters you'll grow fond of, and definitely one of the best soundtracks of last year."
,Recommended,330820,22922850,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,mangainabottle,I'm never going to get all the achivements in this game because I just don't have the heart to be mean to Turning. I love that little robot.
76561198063893902,Recommended,330820,31960553,Posted: 25 May,all,The Doctor's Shadow,Emotional and rich storyone of my top three games
,Not Recommended,330820,18843824,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,InfernalMudkip,"Decent-ish game marred by truly in-your-face, completely non-subtle political messages. Avoid."
,Recommended,330820,23504728,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Malwox,"Really good game, in a genre that is nonexistent these days.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,330820,34138902,Posted: 9 August,all,AndriasSch,"I wanted to play ROD since I really loved VA-11 HALL-A and I learned there are several references to this game.Story & Dialogues:The story is kind of interesting, with several twists that the player won't expect and is full of mystery until the end, and you can influence the flow of events depending on the personality you give to the main character, based on what kind of replies you give during the dialogues with the other characters. Most dialogues are interesting and really get you into liking or disliking some of the characters and even not being sure if you want to trust them, while some are uninteresting and don't add much to the gameTuring talks too much sometimes.I found very interesting the idea of body augmentations both in the genetic, bionic and neural fields, it's nicely portrayed, as much as AI development and the search for a transcendency from humanity.In the story there's a focus on several groups in favour or against the use of those technologies for health or aesthetic purposes.Character & Backgrounds:I like many of the character and robot designs, many of them I'm sure are fanfic material and it would have been great to get more development with a couple of them,like Tomcat or Lexi, since you mostly interact with Turing and sometimes he's too talkative (even if this is intended). The game is full of cute pixel art, with a bunch of cyberpunkish elements, which is a big part of it's charm.Some people may argue that the queer and anthropomorphic representation in this game is too strong, while for me it was kinda natural.Voiceover:In my opinion this is the biggest flaw of the game, it feels like they didn't take much care while recording. Most voices don't fit the characters and aren't polished, feels like the majority of the cast is inexperienced or isn't into it. Also there's a lot of noise, which can be too annoying and made me decide to switch it off and just read, because I would get some sound and visual triggers,as in why is that character touching her hair so much and why I can hear this other exhaling while talking.Minigames:I don't enjoy much the minigames in ROM or Vallhalla.Megaphobetor isn't consistent enough and it's too difficult to point, and it's not intuitive enough as to learn what is the goal in it. Very cyberpunk, not so fun.The one where you have to change the traffic lights, Turing speaks too much and for too long when you just want to get on with the task, not letting me enjoy it; the minigame where you have to guess the drink the vips want to drink has way to many options and there's way too much dialogue for all of them to figure out all the info you may need. Others, like when you have to figure out what to do to be able to advance are very fun and interesting.Soundtrack:I bough the Soundtrack DLC and can't really say that I enjoy it so much. Maybe it's because I fell in love with Garoad, the composer for VA-11 HALL-A's and had very high hopes. At some point I decided to turn it off due to many repetitive sounds I couldn't stand and play instead VA-11 HALL-A's Soundtrack in the background which fits surprisingly well into the game (maybe by now you have figured out I have misophonia or am very sensitive to that kind of things).In general, I understand that maybe they made their first videogame or that they had a tight budget, probably I would have dished the idea of adding a voice cast and focus on polishing dialogues and minigames, or doing something about the point and click, since you have to move the pointer and back to the option you are clicking on for it to recognise what you want to click. There are many things they didn't test enough that could have been made better and I really hope they learn from this for their next videogame.I recommend it, as long as you are patient, don't mind repeating the same task several times, and are up for reading for hours."
,Recommended,330820,31896684,Posted: 21 May,all,chaka,"shut the ♥♥♥♥ up, turing"
,Recommended,330820,25824142,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Taffine,"I very much enjoyed playing this game, as well as the art style, the music, and the characters. At $20 it seems a bit overpriced, considering the length (excluding replays, which I'm not too interested in... 5ish hours for a different ending is too tedious for me). But, it kept me hooked from the start, and I played through it all almost in one go, always wanting to know what would happen next. The ending left me totally satisfied and I'd definitely recommend buying this game on sale."
76561198277360927,Recommended,330820,35076031,Posted: 19 September,all,Docshadowgaming,You can get drunk. Enough said
,Recommended,330820,25829753,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,VinnyMint,"When unlocking achievements in VA-11 HALL-A, I stumbled upon Jess, Tomcat, and Lexi. While serving these mysterious easter eggs, Jess's arguments about hybrids really drew me in. I decided to track down which game they came from and landed here, a game with a timeline set way before my bartending adventures. I learnt that Turing was that weird blue robot I bought in my apartment. He symbolizes the struggles it took to finally get AI's to have a will of their own. The story pulled me in. I was hooked from start to finish. I was absolutely shaking with fear at a certain part within the game. Turing's journey to further understand itself and it's identity really reflected on where I am right now in life. I developed an emotional connection with it. It's a game with far more plot that you'd expect when you first played it. I'm still discovering new aspects of the characters on my second playthrough!Only complaint I'd have is how I am powerless to prevent some deaths within the game... Still a great game though!"
76561198111491917,Recommended,330820,21539208,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,themaestro13,"Interesting setting and characters, kind of a spotty story, completely frustrating game design and pacing.Overall, I'm recommending this game but I decided to write a full review as I don't think any other reviews or descriptions prepared me for this before I started it.  Yes, I think the lore and questions this game brings up are compelling but I wouldn't really describe this as a ""point-and-click"" game; I think it's much more akin to a visual novel.  There are interactive elements and moments where you can explore your environment with the mouse, but the game is kind of a slog to get through cause of all the long sections of exposition that go on for like 20 minutes at a time.  Sometimes you'll enter a conversation and are suddenly forced to make a choice or move ahead in the story with no warning and no pause point to allow you to go back and accomplish what you intended to in the first place.What gameplay there is feels largely circumstantial and adds very little to the overall experience - I would even argue they detract from some of the things the game does right.  Gameplay sections appear very sporadically and don't feel well-paced out or integrated at all.  The final chapter features a lengthy portion of gameplay that comes out of nowhere and dooesn't feel like a test of skill or intelligence.  Puzzles are either completely obvious or require a lot of tedious trial-and-error.  Dialogue options often aren't telegraphed well and there were multiple points when I inadvertently made a decision I didn't realize I was making or had a character interpret my response in the exact opposite way I intended.  You have an inventory but it's kind of like when you have an inventory in a TellTale game - it's just sort of there to give the illusion that you might eventually use the things you're collecting.I kind of like it, but I can't imagine I'll be playing this again.  If everything I said above is your thing, more power to you but I wish I'd known all this going in."
,Recommended,330820,20464707,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,haca,"Turing is easily one of my favorite characters of any game released in 2015, and is easily one of the many good things about this game."
,Recommended,330820,20635284,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,genesis8472,Enjoyed the game. Turing is a likeable character.
76561198000471629,Recommended,330820,20846938,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Spent,"Overall quite good, and I would recommend it. There are some annoyances with the UI, namely skipping text you've already seen, and some issues with plot branch mechanics I can't talk about without spoiling anything.However... It's one of those games you'll think about for a few days after you finish. Which is a rare thing for me these days... Hell, I might even play through it again."
76561198113362310,Recommended,330820,20738078,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,myediblecrayon,Amazing point and click game! I recommend it to everyone!
76561198040836920,Recommended,330820,20358846,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,PortalFan1995,"I personally enjoyed this game and would certainly give it a tentative recomendation.PROS:I enjoyed the large majority of characters.The characters are for the large majority memorable.good mystery story.Hardly ever fail to see how to progress.It's cyber punk (Hey i like cyber punk)decent puzzlesCONS:some characters can be grating.It is short (you could complete it in one siting)There were some arcs i felt dragged a bit.The ending, while good, I did feel left some threads i wanted tied up (although the majority of these were of me wanting to have more character development so it is kind of a mixed blessing of being attached to some characters)So in conclusion a game which while flawed one I enjoyed and will wait to see what this company will produce next. Just wait for a sale before looking to pick it up."
76561198025008206,Recommended,330820,20612439,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Tyr_Arcana,"A fantastic story, wrapped up in a very nice interface that fits the world perfectly. An absolute must-read for anyone who likes cyberpunk, futurism, or speculative fiction of any kind. This is very much more story than game, but with enough choices that you'll probably want to re-read it and take a different path. The cast of characters are fantastic, and even the minor roles feel like well rounded individuals, with more going on than just existing to advance the story. Oh yes, and the soundtrack is fantastic too. I really cannot recommend this game strongly enough."
,Recommended,330820,24178775,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,BlueDragon,Not to be confused with RAM
,Recommended,330820,20499397,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,shodan2020,"Have you always wanted a spiritual successor to Snatcher? Guess what, here it is! This is an amazing adventure game with a really great storyline and fascinating characters! The soundtrack fits the game perfectly as well! I highly recommend this wonderful game!"
,Recommended,330820,29658431,Posted: 2 February,all,Broccoli,"Fairly brilliant game, the writing is definetly the strongest part, I love how intresting and fun the cast of the game is and I geunienly enjoyed my time throughout the game's story. The voice acting quality could be hit and miss (some characters like Star♥♥♥♥er or TOMCAT have great voices whereas some minor voice acting sounds like they are done over the phone, like the club bouncers).Overall, it's absolutely worth the asking price imho. Although be don't go into it expecting a lot of intresting gameplay but rather a great story."
76561198203033372,Recommended,330820,24720393,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Nev999,"I knew I'd love this game because the protagonist is a broke internet journalist living in a crappy apartment who needs to use headphones all the time, which was basically me at the time (I'm still a broke internet journalist but have a slightly better apartment now). Unfortunately I don't have an adorable robot friend, alas.Seriously, Turing is the best and this game is utterly charming. It's just so good natured with a nice sense of humor, and the retro game aesthetic is fun. The range of characters was pretty interesting and a lot of them were so cute and fun- Punk boy and anime guy were such ridic little lovebirds. The story and setting were very solid. For someone like me who love unlocking dialogue and exploring stuff, it was a dream. Also, everyone was queer, so I felt right at home. This kind of stuff is why I love indie games and I want more like this.My one complaint is replayability to get the different endings is a chore, which is why I haven't gotten them all yet. You can't really skip over the dialogue or anything and so it's tedious if you've read it already. I decided to take a break because of that so it will be fresh to me when I try to get a different ending."
76561198051868990,Recommended,330820,29681685,Posted: 3 February,all,Spaghetti™,Waited forever hyping up thee voice acting update to find out Turing sounds like Jimmy Neutron
,Recommended,330820,22122680,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,micpp,Super reminiscent of Snatcher (which I was super in to many years ago) and Turing is probably the cutest robot ever. Definitely worth checking out if you are into the heavily narrative-driven type stuff like this.
76561198267250348,Recommended,330820,22262569,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,jupiters.ruse,"I'm not that much of a ""gamer"". I'm just... not, so use that disclaimer however you will. I'm not good at video games, and I prefer things with easy-ish gameplay that are story rich. So, if you're in the same boat you just might like ROM.I can't say I'm that far in (chapter 2, whoo), but what I've seen so far is legitimately enjoyable. The story is interesting, the world is fun, and the characters I've met so far are fantastic. If you don't like super linear gameplay this might not be the thing for you, but personally it's a lot easier for me to handle than, well, non-linear or open world. It's easy to play on the computer with just a keyoard too, which is a definite bonus for me.If you like story rich, kind of text heavy games that are moderatly easy that also involve cute robots, then I really think this is the game for you. Also, you can chose your pronouns when you input your name, which for me was a definite bonus."
,Recommended,330820,18430596,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Greenme,"Amazing atmosphere, soundtrack, and story combine to enhance the already great gameplay. Turing is too damn cute! I can't say enough about the style of this game; the characters make you feel for and care about them. Would recommend!"
,Recommended,330820,20636686,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Aradia Megido's Child™,I can't even explain how great this game is. Just play it.
,Recommended,330820,24449018,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Mother ♡,"very gut (idk i liked it, i have to do this for some stupid♥♥♥♥♥shit. good game, super worth the money imo. cute and entertaining, and somehow very personal.)"
,Recommended,330820,20341980,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,[C*G*C] Aura,"tl;dr -This game is going to forever be one of my favorites. It itself is fantastic, but its underlying message is what truly makes it good. 2064/10. As Turing says, ""There is no time like the Present"". So why wait for the future to buy this game, when you can buy it NOW?This is probably one of the best games I have ever played, and will ever play in my entire life. It's hard to explain exactly why, but I think I can break it down.Read Only Memories has many great things about it, like its Soundtrack, its Art/Sprites, its Colorful Cast of Characters, etc.But the most important thing about this game is it's Story, which it very well should be considering its a Point-N-Click. The story revolves around the disappearnace of one of your friends, and you assisting his robot, Turing, to find him. Interestingly, Turing is Sapient, meaning they think like a human.I'm going to stop right here about the game itself, because the game itself isn't exactly why its so great. I mean, sure, the game is funny, heart-warming, sad, and intense, along with other things, and it will make you feel very mixed emotions about the short 5 Hour-Ish story. (That being said, there are multiple endings. As of writing this review, I have only completed the game once.)The important thing about this game however, is its MEANING. Y'know how in High School and College English classes you have to ""Analyze the Book"" for it's ""Theme and Meaning"" or whatever? This game's ""Theme and Meaning"" is what makes it special and so important for people to play.The most basic way I can say this, is that playing this game will make you think about societal issues, Future, Past, and Present. The game itself has 2 Issues prominently featured in it. Those 2 issues are Human Augmentation (Whether with Genetics or Cybernetic Implants) and Sentient/Sapient Artificial Intelligence. As the future closes in on Humanity, it will eventually become a real, non-fiction, debated issue. And when you see issues like this in a game, you think about real life, and what issues there are now. What is humanity limiting themselves from doing because it's too dangerous (like Sapient Robots), and what are we discriminating against for no reason at all (Like the Cyborgs and the Hybrids).It's incredibly difficult to put how this game makes someone feel into words, so instead, I'm just going to tell you to buy it. It's $15, its not really that expensive. If you even wanted to, you could wait for a sale, because it's steam and there are always sales eventually."
,Recommended,330820,29635921,Posted: 1 February,all,Sakura,"Really enjoyable game. I can't really say anything bad about it, except for one really minor detail, but that's really stretching it (see next paragraph). I liked the story, characters, music, graphics, and gameplay. Been listening to the soundtrack afterwards, and the music's been stuck in my head for almost a week now after I finished playing the game. Oh, and you can hug Turing in-game.Minor detail: if you save in the extra Christmas chapter, loading that save file will bring you to the end of the previous chapter slightly before the credit roll starts, but that'll be changed in an upcoming patch according to a dev.I bought the game on sale back in late 2015, but I restarted the game a few days after the recent 2064 update came out, got hooked on it, and finished it soon after.Definitely worth buying during a sale. If you're on the edge, you can always give the demo a try. No idea about now, but before the 2064 update, if you played and finished the demo via Steam, your save file could be transferred to the full game."
76561197972449153,Recommended,330820,20350848,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,The Ghost Pyro From Outerspace!!,If you are going to turn yourself into a cat person you better be prepurred for all the cat puns I can muster.
,Recommended,330820,20417694,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Nimbus,"This game is incredible! Snatcher is one of my favorite games of all time, and Read Only Memories is without a doubt the closest thing I've ever played to a true successor. It uses its cyberpunk setting well and crafts together a really interesting story. The artwork is fantastic and really captures the essence of the era. It's got great music, unique characters, and a plot that will keep you guessing the whole time.The gameplay itself is pretty straightforward, but there are 6 different endings for you to find, so there is definitely some room for player choice. In traditional adventure game fashion, you can interatct with all sorts of different objects, and if you're like me, you'll easily spend a ton of time laughing at all of the amusing dialogue that comes about from trying to give spoiled milk to people and talk to desks. What trumps even that for me though are the deep characters and overall atmosphere that the game conveys. It really captures the essence of cyberpunk and it couldn't make me happier.A lot of people are giving this game bad reviews because of the social message that it conveys. It's true that the game goes out of its way to be pro LGBT and call out discrimination, but I personally didn't feel like that got in the way of the game too much. Considering the game takes place decades in the future, it's not too unrealistic that society would be a lot more accepting of these social taboos. The topic may be a bit too heavy for some, but I think it aligns with the setting of the game just fine.Best of all, Read Only Memories knows how to do demos the right way. Not only is there a free version that lets you play the prologue, but it even lets you play most of chapter 1 as well! And better yet, your save data from the demo carries over to the full game. So if you're at all curious, give it a try. If you're like me, you won't be able to stop there!Overall, Read Only Memories was one of the best games I played all year. It's a true love letter to not only Snatcher, but classic adventure games and the cyberpunk genre in general. I don't want to get too caught up on the comparison, but since we'll likely never see a real Snatcher sequel, this is by far the next best thing. I couldn't recommend this game more. Check it out!"
,Recommended,330820,24530933,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Milk Jug,"I dont know how to read, and i have dementia."
,Recommended,330820,24721523,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,HEBREW NECROPHAGIC,Some genuinely cozy/feel-good Cyberpunk mystery to be had.I want to smooch TOMCAT.
,Recommended,330820,18858418,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Edward_Lapine,"I've been following Read Only Memories for a year before it was released, and once it was released I was not disappointed.ROM is a point and click adventure / visual novel set in a near-futuristic Neo San Francisco.  Beginning the game as a starving journalist, you are inevitably thrust upon a huge investigation which includes many dialogue choices, puzzles, and a few mini games here and about.  At its core, the mechanics don't bring many new additions to this type of game, but hold up, it gets a lot of it right.Don't let the faux retro graphics make you think it's a pull at your nostalgia, all of the environments, characters, and even the menus ooze with a techy, 80s like cyberpunk style which breathes a lot of life and character into the game.  The soundtrack (I recommend purchasing it!) and audio fit the theme of the game greatly.  You control the game with a mouse and keyboard or you can opt for a controller (Xbox 360 controller works great with no configuration).  The biggest plus of this game is its story.  There are a group of varied and genuinely interesting cast of characters that really helps pull the story along.  The writing is quite fantastic.  ROM illustrates a believable near future with funny dialogue that'll elicit a sensible chuckle and smart writing that keeps you gripped for the length of the game.Read Only Memories is a solid tech noir point and click that has great accessibility to anyone who wants an enjoyable story, memorable characters, and thought provoking themes that the game explores well."
,Recommended,330820,19984453,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Cheeseyx,"Very good game. Lots of interesting characters, and a well written story. It's an adventure game that sets out to build a world and some characters and a story, and all of those are quite rich. There are some puzzles, but nothing too hard. ROM makes one of the most compelling Cyberpunk worlds I've ever encountered."
76561197960472753,Recommended,330820,18374644,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,RDSmokey,"Everything great about old 80's cyberpunk like ""Bubblegum Crisis"", ""Neuromancer"", and most obviously Hideo Kojima's ""Snatcher"". Amazingly, the game manages to even surpass it's direct inspiration of ""Snatcher"", avoiding Kojima's typical juvenile pitfalls while embracing everything he did right and improving upon it. I was so wrapped up in the mystery of the game that I didn't realize how much time had passed before I finally took a break. This game has a lot of heart, and is a definite buy."
,Not Recommended,330820,29591265,Posted: 30 January,all,duwang man,"DO NOT BUY.The developers insulted Great Overlord Trump. The story was unmemorable, there were only ~2 puzzles and the developers constantly shove so much LGBTQ ♥♥♥♥♥♥ in your throat you'll start questioning why humanity hasn't died off yet in this setting."
76561198356560253,Recommended,330820,29082770,Posted: 7 January,all,Cabri,"Very good game. Not as good as ""Snatcher"" on the SEGA mega-CD (a similar game), but still really cool!"
,Recommended,330820,19905978,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,M1j0,pretty good
,Recommended,330820,19508016,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,its_saaaaam,"""I've covered wars you know, actually, uh, not real ones, cultural wars.""This game is sad, not bad sad, as in, it makes me emotionally sad, it feels like, my heart broke a million times during my playthroughs.That's my legitmate reason as to why I love this goddamn game."
,Recommended,330820,18437309,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,orcanist,"If you like Snatcher, you should play Read Only MemoriesIf you like Telltale Games, you should play Read Only MemoriesIf you like seeing more than one race, sexuality, gender identity, or body type represented in a game, you should play Read Only Memories.If you like smart dialogue and cyberpunk narratives, you should play Read Only Memories.If you like games that are just a little self aware, you should play Read Only Memories.If you appreciate lovingly crafted pixel art, you should play Read Only Memories.If none of the above apply to you, you should play Read Only Memories anyway because there's probably a bunch of stuff that I'm not thinking of right now."
,Recommended,330820,29424769,Posted: 22 January,all,Lale [Alpheridies],"A solid story, good gameplay, and a wonderfully chill soundtrack make this a wonderful modern adventure game with a nice length for the cost.  I haven't yet played the revised version, but if the original was great, the revised can only be better."
76561198156943656,Not Recommended,330820,29770894,Posted: 7 February,all,Happyscientist,I can not recommend this game. It crashes frequently and loses saved data. I have concidered contacting the devs about this but I am led to believe that they can not conduct themselves in a professional manner.
,Recommended,330820,19101893,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,how mainy raindrops?,"Having recently reviewed Murder (which I don't really recommend - although I'd like to see it finished), this game seems like a more detailed exploration of some of the same themes. It's also the first game I've ever played that lets you choose your own pronouns. The art is nice, and there were only a few times that I was aware of the lack of detail.I don't think the art book is worth the full price, but the soundtrack is very good."
,Recommended,330820,19977982,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,ellie,"This game is absolutely wonderful. The story is engaging, the art is beautiful, and the message it sends is incredibly important, yet it manages to do so without sounding preachy, most of the time at least. The story manages to handle both the drama and comedy in equal balance and the characters are simply great. If you at all like storytelling and are involved within the LGBT+ community (or simply want to get involved with it) I can't recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,330820,19854586,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,King Lex,"Read Only Memories is amazing. The pixel art is beautiful and the soundtrack is great. If you're looking for an in depth pixel RPG you've found the game. Also you can choose any pronouns you like or even create custom ones!! Interesting characters and witty dialogue, can't recommend it enough."
76561198010505141,Recommended,330820,19917972,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Trygg,"The strong points of ROM deal with its narrative; the whole cast of characters are captivating, and much of the world is fleshed out through them.  Being cyberpunk, ROM does parade out many of the classic tropes of the genre, but adeptly manages to keep them fresh and engaging.My nitpicks with the game are few, mainly dealing with the point-and-click nature of the game.  The interface with some objects could have been made less fiddly, and a couple of the logic puzzles seem more random than deterministic.  However, these were only minor hiccups to immersion, and I would happily do more playthroughs despite some rough patches.This game also leaves me wanting to see more of this particular setting; I'd love to follow more adventures of Turing!"
,Recommended,330820,19930579,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Dyczewski,Good.
76561198045446143,Recommended,330820,19947695,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,JanitorJoey,"One of the best visual novels I've ever read. The soundtrack is catchy as HELL, I highly recommend the ""Sounds of Neo-SF"".  I also adored the character designs and writing. The puzzle solving was smooth and simple and never halted story progress. I guess that could be seen negatively, but the game is fairly fast paced and never felt unfair or confusing. I'll be replaying it again soon for all those juicy hidden achievements, great replay value! Check it out!"
,Recommended,330820,18374551,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Vahanesh,"A fun cyberpunk game dripping in atmosphere, that to me is sort of a mix between a visual novel game and a detective game.  I really love the art, music, dialogue and story.  A huge plus is the Cyberpunk theme with questions about philosophy, morality and teaching a new sapient creature.  To me it felt like I wasn't the main character, and was more invested in Turings evolution, and it's been a blast seeing how they change and interact with the world."
,Recommended,330820,18379317,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Broden,"This game made me do my first review and it derserves it. However i'll keep it short. I have barely got 2 hours in so far and the writing is great, i'm hooked. The characters are enjoyable. The pixel art and animation is just a treat to look it. the music is awesome too! highly recommended!"
,Recommended,330820,20052565,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Miss Pavlichenko,Took down an evil corporation and got to pet some cats. Best Christmas ever.
,Recommended,330820,18365296,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Diva ♥,So far the first few hours have been really great. The game has a really solid visual style that fits well with the tone of the game. It does have a decent amount of reading to do but the writing is very charming and funny. It has a pretty typical point and click interface with some interesting little deviations. The music fits perfectly with the mood. It also has a lot of really positive and progressive representations of queer people that don't feel forced.  Really cool game that's full of personality!
,Recommended,330820,22773347,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,masacrepool,This game is perfect and good
76561197968475804,Recommended,330820,20237484,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Example,"Ok, I love this game. I have no idea how the story will be yet - or whether the riddles will  be good - and I don't really like the graphics or the controls... but a character ingame asked me which pronouns I prefer! And there were more than just the common he / she/ they! How could I not love this game after this?(also the world  is very believable so far. the gamedesigners are definitely up to speed with current innovation and implemented alot of stuff into their world that you can find on kickstarter right now)"
,Recommended,330820,18401547,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Lumi,"First thing first:If you've played Hideo Kojima's Snatcher before, you'll be right at home with this game!Read Only Memories is a really neat cyberpunk adventure game that does a banging job on hitting the familiar feels if you've grown playing MSX, PC Engine & Sega CD games. Top notch low resolution pixel art, really groovy chiptune vibes and the sound effects are a fantastic throw to the back in all the good ways! Also I like the way how the characters are really expressive even with such little frames and all!Another banging note I wanna bring up is the level, and amount of writing in this game! Pretty much everything is interactable and examinable, and instead of non-descriptive ""You can't use that with that"", you get unique responses and really funny ones as well! There's so much of choice dialogue sprinkled everywhere and I genuinely enjoy talking with the characters I meet in this game!Speaking of characters! It's really refreshing to see genuinely wide cast of vastly different kinds of folks in this game, with unique looks and personalities and such! It's also really inclusive game, and they've done pretty sweet job of recognizing LGBT folk and preferred pronouns and other really superb stuff - oh and don't worry! There's no force-feeding of any agendas here, which is also super cool in my opinion!While I can't say too much about the plot and overall run of the game yet, as I'm still working my way through it, the plot has gotten me pretty hooked up and I can't wait to see what kind of wild ride this game is going to turn out!Oh, and extra note! The Midboss devs are like super SUPER nice and cute people and they're really responsive and just nice folks in general! You should definetly try out the demo and if that feels like your thing, give this game a shot! I'm sure you're going to dig it a lot!I'll edit this review later once I've finished this game to add my final thoughts!"
,Recommended,330820,18538427,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Real KCT,"Having been unaware of the Kickstarter for this game, the first thing I thought when seeing the gameplay screenshot on the Steam new release page was 'that looks a bit like Snatcher'. Quite fitting as the term 'that's a bit like Snatcher' could be applied to approximately 90% of Read Only Memories.It's just as well that Snatcher was one of the most under-rated games of the mid 90's (or 80's if you're going back to the original chibi sprite MSX version) & it's surprising that more adventure games haven't taken inspiration from it before now. So, in similar fashion, R.O.M. has the same 16-bit-esque pixel art/EGA look & letterbox game interface that Kojima's game has.Unlike Snatcher, the main protagonist is left undefined for you to project yourself in their place. The game interface is also far more akin to a point & click adventure than just a visual novel with objects in the environment window to be interacted with in a latter Lucasarts period SCUMM style interface.The story & character writing is exceptionally good. Your robot companion Turing (again think Little John) who're you're introduced at the start of the game being particular affable as he discovers what it means to have true independent sapience. There is also an ecleptic cast of other supporting characters and while it is unfortunate that they are not voice acted, their personalities are delivered in the text dialogue adequetly to get a feel as to how to approach them.It's worth pointing out that developer for the game is the organiser of the GaymerX convention (infact Turing is even currently in the website banner logo). As such there are multiple LGBT characters and themes throughout the game.While it's refreshing and a great step forward to see inclusion in entertainment media such as this, one criticism might be that there was an unrealistic ratio of both throughout the game. Of course, it's hard to say what the RL ratio is with social pressures & bigotry that still exist, but it felt a little skewed in one direction of the kinsey scale none the less.The other criticism being that by not giving the protagonist an actual character to play, you form these friendships with people by making appropriate dialogue choices that don't actually go anywhere. I was hoping that the story would develop in a way where you would be able to take things further with either TOMCAT or Jess, providing an option for whatever pronoun you've decided to be refered towards at the start of the game. But alas, this wasn't to be.Throughout the game there's also a real lack of urgency or tension until perhaps the last hour of it's 8-9 hour span. Even in several occasions upon entering a darkened room, there's no decapitated Jean Jack Gibson here to really drive home the seriousness of the situation. Almost all the point and click style puzzles have the solution in the same location and are therefore trivial & feel like padding to prevent R.O.M. being purely a visual novel with dialogue choices.The Snatcher homage is even perhaps a little /too/ closely adhered towards in that the game has a grid based light-gun section & more importantly that if you've previously played the Kojima game, you can already guess a character plot twist waaaaay before it happens.Criticism aside, it's still a fantastic title & with multiple endings & dialogue choices you can perform it encourages repeat playthroughs. Though it would be hard to make a sequel seeing that the story is self contained and definitely reaches a climax, anything else containing Turing would get an immediate purchase from me. Probably my favourite character of 2015!"
,Recommended,330820,19924560,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Mayu Zane,"Finished playing Read Only Memories.Lame puzzles and bit of corny dialogue, but the story and characters are excellent.Definite four out of five from me."
76561198016745069,Recommended,330820,18390555,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Tomadu,"YES, BUY IT!Just started digging into this last night. Know I don't have much playtime clocked, but my early impressions are that this is a game born out of someone with a lot of reverence for the 1990s 'golden age' of adventure games. I love the art style, some of the character designs even reminded me of the god of manga, Osamu Tezuka's style (just my opinion), but both artwork and animation is superb. The writing and voice acting thus far has been stellar and the music has that retrowave/futurism vibe in spades. Definitely a game crafted with some serious passion and care."
76561198005952960,Recommended,330820,18452408,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Zeeke,"Right, well this one took me by suprise... Anyhow, lets go with my Pros, Cons and miscPros:-Great senario-Good characters-Wonderful music-Simplistic gameplayCons:-Could've done a better job on the text(On my screen it's okay, but on others... Well it hurt my eyes a bit)-A bit shortMisc:-Made me want to give Turning a hug-Talked to my so that they could live!-Gave a cat a pet-Watched Turning tear apart my PC-I didn't know my sister was a lesbo-Talking to a polar bear is funnySo, as said, I didn't hear about this game and it just poped up on my recommended list in steam, I watched a few trailers and made me have a need for a nostalgia trip... Anyways that much said, it is a decent retro-point and click game with a good senario, I would recommend this game for those who want an old-school manga cyberpunk game with a good solid senario and multiple endings."
,Recommended,330820,18874793,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Neokortik,"This game starts as a simple classic adventure, but gradually gains depth. It feels like your choice and its consequences matter, though narrative is a little bit straightforward - you almost always know where you need to go and what to do.Setting isn't dark and dystopian, it's more like bright, but belivable future with its own problems. I would say that this story is more like Asimov's novels than dark and gritty cyberpunk of Blade Runner for example.All in all, highly recommend."
76561198042513993,Recommended,330820,18365445,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,The Dutch Bastard,"Loved the art style, the writing is very good and I found myself on the edge of my seat for a majority of the game. Turing's character I especially loved, his personality shifts as both you and him become increasingly desperate for answers, but a lot of the cast is very memorable even characters that aren't in main or even supporting roles.One bug I did have was on the glyph puzzle, Turing gave his little speech about bringing the glyphs to the screen, but they did not appear. I simply exited to the main menu and then continued, fixing the problem. As this is the only issue with the game, I must say I am very pleased and it was worth the 15 or so dollars."
,Recommended,330820,18396896,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,SaiiF,"Read Only Memories is a point and click visual noval game. It was on my list for my Octobar games and not disappointed that I bought it. The story is good and the pixel art is just great. It has been long time since I played these kind of games. It has some old school games ""feel"" on it. The sounds/soundtracks are just amazing and it fits every scene in the game perfectly!One of the best indie games I played in 2015 for sure. You should definitely give it a try!"
76561197993640191,Recommended,330820,18582284,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Caffeinated Rob,"Fantastically enjoyable classic style adventure. Great tunes, fun characters and engrossing story. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,330820,18910424,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Caesar,"When I first saw this game, I thought, ""Oh neat, it's literally Snatcher""I wasn't wrong, that's a lot of the reason why I love it, it's a very classic whodunit/cyberpunk/mystery/thriller/whatever you want to call it, taking influence from all the classics, Blade Runner (my favorite film) and such.I find that it's very well done, descriptions of things in the vicinity give you plenty of world building, making it easily accessible yet non invasive, plenty of chances to screw up, although I'm not sure if there's multiple endings, I love all the character designs, the characters all feel very human with clear motives that line up with their actions, and of course, all the classic adventure game tropes such as humorous descriptions when you attempt to speak to inanimate objects, crude humor when you check bushes, and the like. There's also plenty of hipster bait if you're into that, (I am), old video games, CRT monitors, and old speakers galore.The one thing I was a little worried about was whether it was going to start shoving SJW themes down my throat, which it didn't, it asks for pronouns at the start of the game and that's it, you can even skip that entire step if you wish, so for those of you who were thinking this game is another shameless social issue plug, don't worry, it's not.If you like adventure games, cyberpunk, whodunits, or of course, Snatcher, get it, it's a lovely little trip down classic cyberpunk lane."
,Recommended,330820,30875201,Posted: 1 April,all,deh22,"This game was a fantastic experience, with compelling ideas and well-written characters. I can't express how refreshing it is to play a game with diverse characters, including trans and queer folks, and especially the ability to input your player character's pronouns. When critics say this game ""panders to SJWs,"" what they mean is that trans people exist in this game and they would rather we weren't included (like in almost every other video game in existence). ROM drew me in right away and brought me some joy and hope in a dark place."
76561198006276098,Recommended,330820,18513855,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Samurai Cop,"Read Only Memories is very much a well crafted adventure game in every sense. You follow the developing plot in the role of a down on his luck journalist assisting your newly befriended self aware A.I. companion Turing. Deciding to set out on a quest together. In order to try and unravel the mysterious sudden disappearance of Turing's creator. Set in Neo-San Francisco in late December of the year 2064.You're placed in a world where humans and implant enhanced hybrid humans share a shakey coexistence. Here you will encounter ominous, shady, corporate entities, a ""pure human"" activist group, along with a varied cast of other rough and tumble characters. Ranging from a young detective to some even younger street punks who can help aid you along. Helping to further fuel the intrigue and assisting Turing and yourself to piece together the puzzling  situation as you progress.This all unfolds in a beautiful art style, that I would kind of describe as a mix of 80's and 90's anime, robo, sci-fi inspired awesomeness. The immediate influences from movies and gaming like Snatcher, Phantasy Star, Gabriel Knight, Akira, Bladerunner and even Deja Vu are very clear. This game isn't a bland clone however and stands worthy on it's own two legs. I consider it a very excellent first entry by Midboss into such a lofty kingdom of fondly remembered cult titles of the past from which it invokes. The beautiful pixel art, not to mention the fantastic mood driven synth music and creative sound effects makes it a pleasure for the eyes and ears.The writing has alot of humor and offers tons of dialogue if you chose to interact with your surroundings thoroughly. Alot of attention is given to even small details. Which helps to give off a feeling of truly being immersed in this shadowy world. The menu system is very much like that of Snatcher. Pixel hunting is never really a problem, since you can usually use the keyboard itself to run through all the background to find things to interact with.One of my favorite things this game includes, is that it allows you to try just about every option when interacting with the environment. Many times yielding some pretty hilarious results. Alot of games would take the lazy way out; just by repeating the same line over again about that doesn't work. While ROM on the other hand, makes an effort to reward your curiosity to keep making you want to explore. Of course much of this is optional and not required if you're just looking to cover the main story quickly.David Fennoy and Adam Harrington do a fantastic job of lending their voice talents to this project. The voice acting comes off very professional and adds some good personality. My only real complaint would be that they weren't used as often as I would have liked to have heard. In fact one of the few real complaints I have with this game would be that it could use more voiceover work. I'm guessing that budget an time constraints might have played a role in that matter.Aside from that complaint. The only problem I have with the game at the current time of writing this are with the few bugs and crashes that I've encountered. Some of the puzzle sections can present bugs which render them impossible to complete. Reloading the game seems to fix these bugs that can come up. At least on the one puzzle bug that I did encounter. Most all of these I believe the developers are aware of and working to fix at the moment. However these things can make it rather hard to gain the achievement for finishing the game in a single attempt, without having to continue or reload a save. Not to mention making you lose alot of playtime hours if you didn't manage to create a save before hand.The game features multiple endings scenarios. The main deciding factor on how you obtain these is through how you treat certain characters. This doesn't just change the endings, but also bits of the dialogue and story as the chapters progress. Offering a good reason to replay it again. It throws in a few puzzles as well, that offer a bit of challenge, but are fairly easy to grasp. It even features a few shooting portions very similar to the grid style shooting scenes in Snatcher.As you can probably tell from the length this review ended up becoming I was very impressed with this game. All in all I found it to be a great game and would recommend it to anyone who likes a bit of that detective noir spun in a futuristic dystopia setting. Even if you're a newcomer to genre, I think this game offers enough to keep you entertained for many hours."
,Recommended,330820,29371148,Posted: 19 January,all,Kpiozero,"ROM is part Snatchers, and partly its own amazing tale. It's deffinatly worth playing."
,Recommended,330820,31057679,Posted: 10 April,all,blitzmintz,"This is such a great game. The story is refreshing, characters have depth (even for such a short game) and are diverse, even asking one to put in their preferred pronouns. The character design and scenery is colourful and helps you to focus. There's so many great things about this VN - I would absolutely recommend it. One of my favourite things is choices matter - whether you're mean or nice to a character will matter in the end, which keeps you thinking the whole time.Overall one of my favourite games!"
,Recommended,330820,18404731,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,elliscor,"oh god the feels, they are real.i came into this game not knowing anything about it except that the trailer made me want to play it so badly i bought it with my birthday money i was saving for the really great games ( i know, im cheap), and it was worth it, very worth it.this is a point and click sort of adventure novel game that i guess take ispiration from a game called snatcher, now ive never played snatcher, but i have played all the other games this game also references (that was a major 1-up for me), seriously the references are everywhere, but not in a bad in your face kind of way, its in the way that if you know what there talking about, youll get it (also a plus, not a lot of devs do this right, good job)the music, oh goodness the music is great, it catpures the mood perfectly and sets the tone for most of the scenes. not a lot here i can say without spoilers but it works well. well, maybe one or two songs werent my favorite but i hardly noticed in the end. ok then enough of this next thingthe choiceswere great, i found myself failing at points when i didnt expect (due to multiple choice tropes, that thankfully werent present) and as a result i found myself more conected to the characters. theres no yes men here, you gotta convince people to help you, something that i think should be done more often honestly.the game seems to run you 7 hours on one run without stopping, even when you goof off (i used spoiled milk on everything), and plays like a nonlinear point and click adventure novely thing (how do i explain this genre) and if you (like me) play games for the story and laughs inbetween then i wholeheartedly reccomend this game.now if youll excuse me, i need to mentally prepare myself for round 2tl;dr i am a nerd for cyberpunk games now, i love this game."
,Recommended,330820,18720905,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,"Dr. Toboggan, Weediatrician","The characters are super lovable, the art is great, the music is super nice, and the setting is really rad. A must play!"
,Recommended,330820,18878841,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Eliot,"This game was exactly what I was looking for. Breathing life into old Cyberpunk tropes with fresh ideas from 2015. I enjoyed getting to know the diverse cast of characters. It's a modern adventure game with a ton of dialogue and light puzzles. So I think you'll do just fine if you've never played one before. And if you like Cyberpunk, mysteries, or adventure games this is definitely reccomended!"
,Recommended,330820,19610716,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,SincerelySai,"I absolutely love this game. The music is really great (part of the reason I have 50 hours on record is that I just leave it playing in the background while I'm working). It's got a lot of replayability (I still don't have all of the endings and achievements, and I've played it 3-4 times. There's a lot to explore so if you're the sort of person who enjoys talking to every character and clicking on every object to read the descriptions, this game is PERFECT for you.ROM has a very diverse cast of characters, but doesn't make a big deal about it. One character, Sympathy, has a beard and uses she/her pronouns without the other characters making a fuss about it. It's respectful and inclusive, and I think the characters are all well written. It's also really refreshing to have a game that asks you your pronouns and even lets you put in custom ones if the presents don't work for you (as someone who identifies as genderqueer, it's been liberating to casually explore pronouns while playing this game). I highly recommend it and will be gifting it to several of my friends very soon."
76561198039802118,Recommended,330820,20258143,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,noobrapter,"<doctype>....Error. Read Only Memories is a point and click style drama that talks about your adventure with the first sapient robot Turing. The game asks many questions about social norms and how you would normaly react to them some examples include people geneticly modifying themselves to be furries, or how anime culture is seen by people. Speaking of anime, this games art style reminds me of Akira. This gameplay is your average point and click style puzzles, however the main chunk of the game is simply reading different thing everyone says, and if you miss just one sentence it can screw you up in the end. The characters in the game are good, but the game goes all tumbler -like notions about people. I get it, their are gays, furries, and people with ""pronouns"", but when every character is like that it becomes really noticable.Overall, the game is a great game, not a must own, but still a game to look out for if you want a good story.P.S. The name makes sence now, how did I not catch that..."
,Recommended,330820,29415601,Posted: 21 January,all,TheirStar,"2064: Read Only Memories is a great update to a superb graphical adventure game. Its bright aesthetic and inspiration from various 90s adventure games dovetails extremely well with its cyberpunk setting and the sometimes unsettling questions about identity, intelligence and the potential benefits and pitfalls of continued technological integration into our lives. Sometimes fun, sometimes serious but never heavy-handed or dismissive, this game maintains a fine balance throughout.With added voice acting, extra locations and other fine additions, 2064: Read Only Memories makes for one of the best graphical adventure games of the last 15 years."
76561198078153150,Recommended,330820,18362106,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,latino.kyle,"I love this game. It's more of visual novel than an adventure game.  If you don't like games like Snatcher, Pheonix Wright, or Kentucky Route Zero, then this might not be for you. BUT if you do like those kinds of games, and you want to play/read a beautiful and thoughful cyberpunk mystery thriller, this will be PERFECT for you."
76561198041138252,Recommended,330820,31011139,Posted: 7 April,all,Puzzlemaster34,"There are two reasons i got this game: it connects to VA11 HALL-A (which I adore) and it was on sale at the time.I was impressed by.. I guess by how LBGT supportive it is, but I wasn't really suprised. This game made me think of several other games I played recently, namely the whole sapient machine thing reminded of OneShot' solstice update.I may be kinda of an achievement getter, but after getting the good ending, or ending one, the first time around, I feel like i cant go back. Besides I think being mean to some the characters wouldn't be wise. Jess always made me nervous, and I kinda freaked when I saw Dana.This is a Fantastic game...visual novel pointy click thing..and you should get it for that very reason."
,Recommended,330820,18378167,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,SirWallyWombat,"I had never heard of Read Only Memories until I saw it one Steam. The influences from Snatcher where enough to get me to purchase is immediately, and I must say, even though I'm not done with the game, it is fantastic!The gameplay is straightforward, but not so much that you feel like you're hand is being held through a linear world. It feels well paced and well directed, which is something I can't say about many other indie point and click esque games these days.I love the setting of a 1990's view of a 2060's cyberpunky San Fransisco, and the art for the backdrops and characters is beautiful."
76561198033213855,Recommended,330820,18421033,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,terribleomen,PERFECT GAME
,Recommended,330820,18722552,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Flooded Masked Amigo,"Hey, y'know, when it's Neo-San Francisco it's not gonna be a bad time. I found this game when steam recommended it to me out of nowhere. looking throught the screenshots and watching the video makes it was obvious that this game is a point and click adventure with a sidekick R.O.M. (that's what robots are called in the future :P) who's the first to be gifted with artificial intelligence... I like that idea. so i picked it up (game only) and played an hour immediately to see if it was worth my time or i'd ask for a refund, and I've got to say that it's definitely worth it. To start explaining it without spoiling anything I'll say it straight: it's a point and click game, you click things and you select from certain options to progress the story or encounter entertaining dialogue, the choices you make affect how characters act towards you the further you progress in the game, and you better be prepared for the occasional puzzle that keeps things from going too fast, because if you really wanted you could finish this game in one day if you really commited yourself to it, but I'd recommend to play in sessions to digest what happened in each chapter and really get into the story. Enjoy the soundtrack while you're at it. It's catchy and has a retro-futuristic feel that fits really well in the cyber punk city of Neo-San Francisco."
76561197968395460,Recommended,330820,20165598,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,JohnnyTheWolf,A San Francisco-Based Snatcher Spiritual SuccessorPROS:+ Memorable cast+ Great soundtrack+ LGBTQ+ characters!+ Quirky referential humour+ Joyfully cheesylicious voice acting+ Intriguing story set in a believable future+ None of Hideo Kojima's Trademark Creepiness+ Near-perfect pastiche of MSX/PC Engine graphicsCONS:- 4Moolah- Boring puzzles- Clunky interface- Dated game design
,Recommended,330820,20035602,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Au-heppa,Great game!
,Recommended,330820,18898238,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Jess,"Such a delight! Retro graphics and Point-&-Click gameplay that appeals to the inner Sierra fan. Clever writing, dramatic turns and delightful puns abound, this fascinating glimpse into the future of the Bay is worth your time."
76561198018055499,Recommended,330820,30664044,Posted: 21 March,all,emric,Very well presented game. Especially score and sound design. I love point'n'click adventures. I even prefer the ones that are more narrative than puzzle based. But large chunks of this one feel very visual-novelly. It's not a bad thing. Just be prepared for lots of reading.
76561198180388546,Recommended,330820,18466466,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,MEU NICK É UM LIXO,absolutely in love with this game! wish there were more like this. 10/10 OST.
,Recommended,330820,29428579,Posted: 22 January,all,DarkKnightCuron,"Absolutely amazing investigative adventure game.  The characters are wildly varied, and there are many pitfalls that can try to ensnare you.  While the gameplay itself can be rather basic at times, not to mention the game is very dialogue heavy, the unique charm of the game boosts awareness to cultural topics--whether you agree with them or disagree with them.  The overall quality of the game is high, though the humor can be hit or miss at times.  Not many games keep me engaged enough to sit down and play the whole thing through in one day, but this game definitely deserves all the praise it gets.Primary Pros: Engaging Story, Wonderful Visuals and Voice Acting, Intriguing Investigation, Social and Political Commentary, Interesting Character Interaction, Emotional Gut-Punches, Subtle Snares/Traps, Incredible Cast, Satisfying EndingPrimary Cons: Very Chatty, Roller-Coaster Pacing, Rather Basic Gameplay, Some level of Hand-holding, not enough reinforcement of important gameplay mechanics (Taxi/Server maze mini-game, not enough shooting/life-threatening sequences)"
,Recommended,330820,18539799,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,MasterKeyMusician,"I thoroughly enjoyed playing this game, the story plotline was really great to read, I would totally buy a book from this game, I want more of this, the characters are outstanding and fun to 'talk' with"
,Recommended,330820,18963719,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Tachi,Great adventure game! Glad I stuck with it since it definitely picks up at the end.
,Recommended,330820,18920113,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Jobabob,"First Ex Machina and now this, all robots are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!Great game though, play it"
,Recommended,330820,18375353,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Fox Eye,"15 Dollars is a grotesque price for a game such as this which is both artistically impressive and cute.I guess you'd call this game a visual novel, however don't let that turn you off/on. Whilst the game mostly just consists of reading along and having few meaningful player interaction's it doesn't exactly fall into the same realm of Visual Novel tropes which is largely largely defined by Japanese Visual Novels and the such.Instead the game expresses itself in it's own creative & distinctive way with it's playful art-style and loveable characters."
,Recommended,330820,29452220,Posted: 23 January,all,LoS | Combat Fashionista,"it's really good; of course, that's if you're one of the people still into point and click adventure games like i am"
,Recommended,330820,19026170,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,infinity egg man,soundtracks dope
76561198041534476,Recommended,330820,18855784,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,tylermuss,"This is a game about identity and how people define it. I wanted to like it, I really did. The graphics are great with some very nice and evocative pixel art. The characters are interesting and likeable enough. However it fumbled the plot. The game is just a bit too precious. Everyone helps you, even people who have basically no reason too, and it all comes across as very forced. The game is indeed inclusive and features a diverse range of characters but unfortunately it's not achomplished in a way I'd describe as elegant. I'd say they managed to reach about five notches above the kid in a wheelchair from those old burger king ads in the 90s. I say that but thats unfair as I don't think the diveristy here is a cynical ploy but rather a well-intentioned design-descision.Overall if the actual plot of this game had been exciting and intriguing I would whole-heartedly reccomend it but unfortuantely I can only hestitantly reccomend it. If you enjoys say snatcher or interative fiction in general give this game a go as its not bad just flawed."
76561198141123924,Recommended,330820,19064158,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,kurozora.konoi,"A really gorgeous game about the best and the worst of humanity. And so perfectly futuristic and vintage at the same time. Really one of my best PC gaming experiences - I really recommend it.The game has cool puzzles, lots of them related with the way you speak to people and what you say to them. Speaking of that, you really can be a very good and idealistic or a quite unfriendly and despicable guy (or girl). I always like having the choice. Even more if it influences the ending you get. I also really enjoy the graphics and soundtrack.I should warn you that the game is really awareness oriented towards all kinds of minorities. If it isn't your cup of tea (or rather if it bothers you), it may not be the game for you. But I think the overall story is great enough anyway. So yeah, it's a really beautiful tale about acceptance and growing up."
,Recommended,330820,19320892,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Cashmoney The Hedgehog,"Turing is shaped like a friend.A genuinely brilliant game, with fantastic art and sound direction. Whilst not quite as hardcore a cyberpunk game as some have pointed out, it still offers a good portrayal of a world on the brink of a dystopia!Looking forward to whatever Midboss comes up with next!"
,Recommended,330820,18494705,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Charl,"Cracking cyber punk, point and click adventure, with awesome soundtrack . Characters are solid and story line fantastic. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,330820,19988456,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,yomeny1,Two words: Sassy Hassy
,Recommended,330820,20107110,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,FantasticPancake,"A kidnapping mystery, the world's first AI, and a cast of charming characters make Read Only Memories a must-have game for anyone interesting in cyberpunk, AI philosophy, or well-written point-and-click games."
76561198025176317,Recommended,330820,20126385,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,beltsquid,"This is a fantastic little game that is a must-play for fans of cyberpunk, or if you just like cute robots.  This game really scratched my itch for sci-fi that pontificates big questions like what it means to be human and all that, but also my need for quirky humor, catchy osts, and bright colors.My only real complaint is that the middle gets a little tiresome because more often than not other characters will push you forward in the plot rather than teasing out a lead for yourself through investigation.  On the one hand, that keeps you from getting lost and confused as to how to progress, but on the other it pushes it towards being more like a visual novel than a P&C adventure game.That being said, the gameplay does get shaken up in interesting ways in a few chapters with randomized puzzles, mazes, and even an arcadey shooter minigame.  Also, you are not railroaded into a pre-determined ending; how you interact with people and whether or not you succeed in certain tasks has actual consequences down the line.Anyway I loved the game, I loved Turing, and I'm eagerly looking forward to anything the developer comes up with next :)"
,Recommended,330820,20015396,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Ryiz,"If you're looking for an enjoyable point-and-click with a refreshing art style and interesting characters, jammin' music, and  a mystery, this is the game for you!"
76561198052363695,Recommended,330820,18378387,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,DPW,Interesting story but the low resolution on my screen hurts my eyes and gives me a heaadache. This game needs a wondowed mode.
76561198009458791,Recommended,330820,18618388,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Wintermute (Chatwheel only),"Great retrofuturistic 80's-ish cyberpunk soundtrack. The pixel art look great and the mystery is fun. The interface is designed to be played with keyboard entirely like older adventure games but you can choose to play it with a mouse as well. The things you say -and the way you say them- seem to affect the way characters attitude towards you.On the downside, some of the conversations can get tedious at times, particularly with Turing, who talks on and on about irrelevant stuff no one gives a crap about. No voice acting either but that is not necessarily a bad thing.All things considered, Read Only Memories is a good game but definitely not a 9/10. Pro reviews tend to be overgenerous."
76561198012263243,Recommended,330820,18816066,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,SODA,You have a robot friend. You can hug that robot friend.
,Recommended,330820,18801997,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,WmG?,"This game is sick, got hooked on the demo and I was able to import my save into the full game! Even if the Civil Rights / LGBTQ focus isn't super interesting to you, this game is the best piece of cyberpunk media I have experienced in years. It isn't purely dystopian, it deals with complex social subjects with subtelty, characters are vibrant and endearing, and the world is well realized. While the writing is top notch, the gameplay is incredibly intuitive. You won't ever have to spend 15 minutes checking individual pixels in a room for a key.While I understand some might write this game off because they think it prioritizes pushing a social agenda before gameplay and adventure, I can say that is absolutely not the case. This adventure game is executed masterfully, and you are cheating yourself out of a great experience if you ignore it.I don't meant to say having real socially relevant subject matter in games is inherently bad, but I have played some games that are sold more on their subject matter than gameplay, and it would be a crime not to emphasize how well Read Only Memories is put together as a game and as piece of fiction."
,Recommended,330820,18827846,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,libbies,"a superbly written 'classic' point and click adventure/mystery game that absolutely shines for it's fantastically absorbing and utterly engaging storyline that explores transhumanism and examines the meaning of humanity.the protagonist has customizeable pronouns, in keeping with the game's remarkably diverse cast of well thought-out characters, which includes quite a few lgbtq+ characters"
,Recommended,330820,20198786,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Samination,"ROM is heavily inspired by Snatcher, but mostly in looks. The game feels more akin to Ace Attorney, minus the court settings. You try to solve a murder by talking and getting to know different people. The story is very well written and most all of the characters are great. There are only a few times where you get to interact with the scenery to advance the story. You're given a zapper early in the game, but you only ever use it at the ending (a very intense ending). I don't think you can die in this game, but you can get multiple outcomes. However, the amount of dialogue discourages me from playing it again. While I can’t fault the storyline, I just wish the game had a bit more use of the zapper and more puzzles.So, if you like Snatcher and/or Ace Attorney this is the game for you."
,Recommended,330820,18861737,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Nil,"Fun adventure game, lots of actually different characters, and a talking robot. Also, it reminds me of Snatcher, but the story is actually enjoyable, so that's another plus."
,Recommended,330820,18572321,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,vokseli,"Pretty decent game, good for one playtrough. I personally feel that it lacked boldness where it played too safe. The gender identity theme, which was the best part of the game, felt fresh but this could have been explored much further. The script started strong but it was a bit too overwritten towards the end.3.5/5"
,Recommended,330820,18405765,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Javan Asher,"Great character-driven visual novel.Even if you think it's not your kind of thing, just give the demo a try: you might find yourself delightfully surprised as I was."
,Recommended,330820,18576752,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,AndreaSnep,"After too long, we finally have another retro-SF adventure game for the ages.  Its retro graphics are perfectly designed and laid out for today's widescreen displays, and its pixel art is just blocky enough to call back to the days of yore while being simple enough to be workable when it releases on smartphones and tablets in Q1 2016.  Its music calls back to 80s retro-futurism with catchy tunes that you'll have difficulty forgetting, especially the memorable credits track 'Love Me Better', so I'm really glad I decided to get the bundle with the OST.The only thing I didn't like about Read Only Memories was its length - I played through it once in 6 hours with no walkthrough, and I'm really missing the sights and sounds of Neo-SF already :(  It's probably the best flaw any experience could have, though.PROS:Catchy soundtrackRetro graphicsClassic adventure game gameplayCONS:LengthNot enough uses for the Spoiled Milk"
76561198074921694,Recommended,330820,29581136,Posted: 30 January,all,Masterchiefan,"Alright, time to put in my two cents.I enjoyed this game, I really did. The voice acting (save for a few minor characters) was great, the soundtrack was really good, and I enjoyed the characters.There was one part in particular which made me absolutely entranced in that particular moment that very few games have ever done. The gameplay is simply point-and-click with a few dialouge options to choose from and a few puzzle minigames. The only real complaints I had were some story-related ones that were minor along with no auto-save, but that's not really too big a problem.Now, as you may see from the reviews, the devs lashed out at supporters of Donald Trump. Although I do not agree with lashing out at the fans, I believe the hate stems from the recent green-card banning that occured where people who had every right and ability to live in America (including doctors that were stationed in another country elsewhere, and many stories of families split due to this.) were denied entrance.Now, the devs are friends with the devs of VA-11 HALL-A, another indie game that got very popular, are from Venezuela. If you have been following the news, then you may know that Venezuela is in a seriously poor condition, with very high inflation and many riots occuring, which is communicated in their game. Putting two and two together, you may see why the devs are angry. Like I said, it wasn't really a good idea to project their anger and hatred to this man at his voters and I do wish they apologize for it, I can very much see why.So, Trump voter or not, I absolutely recommend this game for how good it is. The devs aren't evil at all and the fact that they made a huge patch in which they paid very talented and very famous voice actors and celebrities (like the voice of Peacock from Skullgirls, the voice of Clementine from the Walking Dead, wrestler Xavier Woods, Jim Sterling, the voice actor of the Woodsman and Bigby from the Wolf Among Us, etc.) to voice characters in the game, polish the graphics of the game itself, fix some the bugs, and even rework voice lines from the game. That is commitment to a game. And despite their outburst, I can greatly respect that kind of commitment. Thank you for reading this review and I hope it makes up your mind on your decision, even if this really wasn't even much of a review of the game itself."
,Recommended,330820,18784413,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Volbius,Near-perfect writing. A+ plot. All the reactivity and depth of player agency you could wish for in the field of truly excellent point-and-click-and-talk games.
,Recommended,330820,18851223,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Maibe,"Although the game has been described as a point and click adventure game I would more liken it to a point n' click visual novel with adventure elements. Music is incredible, intuative, and imaginative. Visuals reflect a 80/90's take of the future, and show a good eye for detail. Love the different roms and color schems, it is very pleasant on the eye. Storyline is good. I LOVE this game but I feel like at times I wanted another puzzle or more interaction or influence to the environment. Yeah, heavy on LGBTQ theme but for the target audience I think it works well. Also who can't resist trying spoiled milk on everything? Over all Im now pretty obsessed with this game!"
76561198032004255,Recommended,330820,18808202,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,gonj183,Pro:- Fun Point-and-Click adventure.- 1980's Cyberpunk Genre.Cons:- Very heavy on the LBGT agenda.- No waifu.
76561198271430928,Not Recommended,330820,33679749,Posted: 20 July,all,Duran,"A garbage game for garbage people...Did they change the music at the start?If so why? The other version was better. And why no option to choose?Having said that the music is one of the better things in this sh*t game.except the music in your apartment, that is♥♥♥♥♥♥Comparing this game to Snatcher is cowardly and disingenuous. Kojima must be rolling in his grave. His cold cold grave.Snatcher was a great game. And so was Policenauts. Kojima was however an overrated stumblebum.MGS on ps1 was okay, I suppose......But seriousley though MGS2 was proper♥♥♥♥♥♥ Who actually likes Raiden? WHO?That game was just a loading screen simulator with a ridiculous clown like ending that goes on for like 3 hours.Kojimas was a pretentious little nerd who stole all his ideas from movies we've ALL seen.Also i did notice this games music at times trying to rip off the little saxophone bits from policenauts which itself was ripping of lethal weapon.The characters are annoying. Lexi is a proper tw@t. And I hate that Jess. I kept trying to shoot Jess with the stungun but it wouldn't let me. Then finally it said ""do you really want to shoot Jess"" I chose YES but instead of seeing Jess get killed, I got arrested and it was GAME OVER! That is just terrible game design. One of the main problems with this stinker is that the game only pretends to give you choices. It is a forced narrative full of outrageous  propaganda.And Turing is such a son of a ♥♥♥♥♥. Was he supposed to be such a tosser? He's no Data...Turing is like that a55hole robot in that movie Saturn 3.Why didn't I get an achievement for getting drunk and passing out?Why didn't my character  Pi55 himself after drinking loads of booze?Why didn't my character  Pi55 himself after drinking loads of water?Why didn't my character  Pi55 himself after drinking loads of ""hessy""?Why didn't my character  Pi55 himself after getting shot with that electro stun thing that knocked him out?So lets get this straight I drink about ten cocktails, a half dozen glasses of water and several ""hessy's"" then someoneknocks me out with an electric weapon but I DON'T PI55 MYSELF??This just tells me these developers don't understand life. They are dweebs.The voice acting in this game is amateurish and just plain bad.In conclusion:I am glad Kojima is dead. This game is no fun. It is nothing more than propaganda.I don't understand why they pushed the ""gay theme"" agenda SO much...."
,Recommended,330820,29463939,Posted: 24 January,all,garbage,wtf is this es jay double v bullcrap?
,Recommended,330820,18389674,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Moneybags,This story is dedicated to all those cyberpunks who fight against injustice every day of their lives
76561198003640043,Recommended,330820,29564657,Posted: 29 January,all,Toasted Bread,"This game is brilliant. If you're into cyberpunk, noir, or games where you get to search for information and read great nuggets of world-building information (that are well thought out), this is your game. The language is great and the sci-fi is convincing for what they built. There's a great attention to detail for almost everything that's introduced, and it just helps paint a clearer picture of the world you're walking around in. I love it.I played a couple of hours of it first a year ago shortly after it came out on Steam and then drifted off for some reason, and now that I heard it was enhanced with voice acting I jumped right back in. The voices (and the few other changes) made the game better. Turing's voice is great! It was also cool to see names of people like Dan Rykert and Zoe Quinn on the credits.Big kudos to everyone who worked on this game. I can't wait for what's next from this team. Part of me wants another ""slice"" of this world with a different set of characters and circumstances, but I'm also curious to play whatever the team makes.Thanks for the great time I spent playing this game and keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,330820,31228896,Posted: 18 April,all,Joshius,Really fun! Great characters! Highly recommended. :)
76561198030864926,Not Recommended,330820,23466298,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,uty,"just... why make a game so boring, that even it's not funny to laugh at trans-lesbian-whatever people in it?"
,Not Recommended,330820,34879976,Posted: 11 September,all,yegortimoshenko,"I didn't want to buy a game with passive-aggressive social justice warrior propaganda. I wish I could return this game, just so that the guys who made it get less money from it."
76561198012965925,Not Recommended,330820,20746676,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,GyroGnome,"It is an ok game, though I wouldn't quite call it cyberpunk.Feels almost like the game had a ittle more untapped potential, but I got it on sale, so I think it was worth the price.The Devs seem to be trying hard to alienate some potential buyers lately for some reason :/"
