user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,330840,17164632,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Capt. Pottypie,"In a nutshell:""How could this situation get any worse?!?!?!""""Oh.""Update: Season 2 confirmed. Guard the walls, the ♥♥♥♥♥torm is coming."
76561198007698766,Not Recommended,330840,13279394,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Talon,"Friendly Tip of the Day:  The power of the spacebar compels you to pause and reflect on your choices.Yet, ""Choice"" is a sad and forlorn illusion with Telltale especially of late.  Fight, Talk, or Bargain = No Difference.  This frees you to be as idealistic and altruistic or as cold-heartedly cynical and self-serving as you want in your ""choices"" since nothing you do will ever affect anything that happens on this one-track plot railroad masquerading as an ""adventure game"".If you steel yourself and play it again as I did rather exhaustively, then you will quickly discover that your - ""choices"" - won't change a single thing beyond a line or two of spoken dialogue here or there...and perhaps the life or death of a completely insignificant and inconsequential extra whose life or death can have absolutely no significance since even if said character had a name and a voice in the story your ""choice"" will have relegated said character to ""determinant"" status.What holds for Telltale's TWD Season 2 also holds here thus far in full force:  Determinant characters are effectively dead already especially when it comes to the plot.Don't get me wrong.  Its still a good story.  Yet it is painfully and quite frustratingly hamfisted in ruthlessly driving you down the length of its plot railroad regardless of your ""choices"" even when it makes absolutely no sense from any rational perspective.  This is a point that bears repeating since it runs directly counter to the tagline for Telltale games.You can only fool yourself into thinking that your actions have some minute but meaningful consequence on the narrative and/or plot.  This is a terrible untruth to uncover with this modern almost kinetic visual novel style common to recent Telltale games.Sure, you might argue that you can steer your character's personality at times and you get to choose their reaction to various stimuli but none of that is real outside the bounds of your own head.  There is no real immersion since there are no meaningful consequences to any of your decisions in the game.The illusion of choice is very real here and that reality can begin to wear itself into a very hollow shell indeed especially if you ever decide to revisit your choices and make different ones expecting a different result.  This concept of all seemingly at odds choices blending into a single unvarying outcome grasps the essential Truth of all modern Telltale Games. It is truly unfortunate that Telltale's ""New Direction"" strips you of any and all forms of meaningful player agency, interactivity, and reactivity but there is no escaping this conclusion.The bottom line is that baring a lot of people actually calling them out for it in favor of a lot more viable competition suddenly popping up in Telltale's little niche well...let's just say that Complacency is now the ""One True King"" of Telltale and ""Long Live the King"" shall be heard from their studios for a very long time to come.-------------------Summary--------------------The Pros:+Great Voice Acting especially from the show's HBO cast+Good Narrative provided you buy into the false advertising of player choice affecting anything.+Protagonists are much more likeable and relatable than TWD Season 2 cast.+Excellent Atmosphere and Tension for the first playthrough.+Five more Episodes towatch...eventually.The Cons:-Requires knowledge of the first three books and/or first three seasons of the TV show.  No handholding.  This is not an introduction to GoT!-You watch a group of powerless protagonists flail about...utterly helpless to affect or direct any of the events swirling in the world at large around them...-Lack of Substantive Reactivity in regards to your choices-Lack of Meaningful Interactivity with other characters-Plot Railroad is woefully single-minded in its implementation and often painfully transparent.-Meaningless choices.  Illusion of choice very much ""stream-lined"" throughout this episode.-Art and Animation is overall very sub-par, unpolished, and glitchy.-Audio and Mixing poorly implemented and stitched together in some spots leaving a rough finish.-Lack of meaningful game mechanics that require player interaction beyond dialogue based ""choices"" especially once you get pass the first part of episode 1 which is the only dominated by QTEs and with none whatsoever once you get past the second part of this episode.-Of course, like all recent Telltale games; there are absolutely no puzzles of any kind to solve and nothing to do but simply click or move forward to advance yourself to the next cinematic scene in the very linear plot sequence.-The cinematography features a lot of servicable close up profile shots of currently speaking and often completely stationary characters.  Not enough of the story is conveyed through its visual elements.Bottom Line:  A good story with a lot of talented voice actors from the show that very professionally convey the proper tone and setting for their characters in-game but this is a good story with very little replay value since you have no agency and very little interaction as a player on what happens as a result of your actions.  The game takes even that illusion of choice away from you by tossing you some throw-away line or two of spoken dialogue.The ""action"" itself is limited to you pressing a single key until prompted to press another key.   That and perhaps several parts where you left-click the cursor inside a circle is about the greatest level of interactivity in the action you as a player should expect in Telltale's GoT game.If you want my advice, then you should probably wait until all six episodes are out and the ""game"" is on sale at a relatively steep discount before purchasing it to play through once like you are watching an episodic movie...before putting it away on your Steam library's digital shelf to collect dust and be forgotten."
,Not Recommended,330840,17949726,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Aerzo,"The story has more holes than a Swiss cheese. It's not just that the bad guys win every encounter - which makes the ""game"" unenjoyable enough as it is - but the fact that they do so in a completely unbelievable manner. Think villains getting past gates you chose to close, or soldiers magically disappearing when you most need them - never with explanation of any sort. Without a doubt the worst Telltale playable movie in my library."
76561198047915927,Not Recommended,330840,19135701,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Xboom3000,"Just finished it and the ending is just a cliffhanger to make you buy the sequel. What a waste of time. Choices don't seem to matter at all and the episodes take for ever to release. I waited 4 months for the last episode, it was 2 hours and a huge let down. I feel this is just a way to take advantage of GoT fans. Don't make the same mistake as I did. DO NOT BUY!"
,Not Recommended,330840,19136457,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Minidal,"(NOTE: Ignored the 2 hours played, I ran through it three times offline)Despite nailing the doomed and desperate feel of GoT, this game will disappoint. Sure, seeing a character die the first time is brutal and amazing. But after the 3rd episode, after literally every decision you make having no impact and watching people die despite specifically taking precautions (a.k.a you order the gate to be lowered, but the game forgets that and suddenly thirty Whitehill scum are in your hall because nothing you do matters.)The only choices that matter are the following:***SPOILERS***Mira: Accept Morgryn's marriage proposal, or die.Roderic: If you don't sacrifice him to save Asher, his is survival is left ambiguous because Telltale didn't bother to write an ending.Asher: Same as Roderic.Gared: Has no impact what-so-ever on Ironrath.***SPOILERS OVER***And if you're interested in any of the mystery that the early episodes hint at, don't get too excited, because Telltale hadn't a clue so they didn't bother answering any of the questions.Not that anyone will buy this game for the warfare, but the grandscale fights make no sense whatsoever. Also, get ready to sneak past people who are staring right at you.Lastly, I hope you like NPCs making brain-dead decisions, like women running out during a SIEGE and then being SURPRISED that they get captured/killed. And WHY are the peasants in the town square when we're being SIEGED. GET IN THE KEEP YOU IDIOTS.Basically, Telltale makes unpolished episodes with weird cuts and reused assets (including reusing faces of people who die on screen), meaningless choices followed by a single life/death decision, and no true ending to the story, but they know it'll sell so who cares."
76561197999597388,Recommended,330840,13990651,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Smig,"(Safe! No spoilers inside!)Note: This review was written by the time episode 1 came out. Only the very end of it has short updates about new episodes.I played through episode one, and I loved it! Having said that, there is criticism about it and I believe it's partly warranted. I don't share that criticism because it relates to something that doesn't personally bother me, but it will bother some people, so can you be disappointed with the purchase?First, I'll describe the game a bit. Most of the gameplay of this game consists of picking dialog options on a timer; all other gameplay is secondary and forgettable. This system works very well by giving you hard choices in tense scenes, whose consequences feel potentially very impactful. There is some action that requires pressing the right buttons quickly, which I believe is the weakest point of the game. Fortunately they're sparse and easy. I find a particular action scene choreographed rather poorly, almost breaking suspension of disbelief. However, the action that matters in this game happens in the form of dialogue, and that's where it truly shines.You play three new characters that are not part of the show. They never meet, but even though in different places, they all move the same story forward, and their actions impact the others. The three characters are all related in their origins. The usual flow of the game consists of a brief introduction of the character/scene in a relaxed pace, followed by a rise of tensions up to a climax, at which point the game changes characters giving the player a calm after the storm. Then it introduces the context of the next character only to ramp up tensions towards the end of the scene again. This pattern repeats, and I must say, every time the character changed, it always felt jarring to me. It was always unwelcome. I wanted to keep playing the other character because I was too immersed in that scene that just ended. However, they won me over every single time, quickly making me care by introducing high stakes to some event as the scene unfolded.There are only a few characters from the show appearing in this episode, but all of them have great performances and behave like you'd expect from any episode from the tv series. I don't think that the game's enjoyment is completely dependent on watching the show, but it will be severely impaired if you haven't. The game's story occurs between two seasons, so if you haven't watched it and plan on watching it, it will contain very heavy spoilers. If you don't plan on watching it, you'll be able to follow the main story line without a problem, but you won't understand many references and, most importantly, you won't feel the same tension on some scenes that you'd feel had you known more about some characters. In some cases, the characters from the show are barely introduced at all.Now, let's get to the meat of the complaints. I said before that these scenes ""feel"" very impactful due to the potential consequences of your actions, but many people have criticized the game for not changing much ""under the hood"" according to your choices, claiming that there's no choice, only the illusion of choice. This criticism comes from the fact that the game's marketing, as is usual with other games from the same developer, repeats the mantra that the game will adapt to your choices. I would say right off the bat that the developer's statement is true, although its vagueness is what creates wild expectations on many consumers. You might expect the story to branch out multiple times and have multiple endings, depending on your choices. The truth is that the choices do matter... a bit. Some people will simply have different expectations about the degree with which the game changes. Choices change content, but they change it in a self-contained way so that they can reduce the extra work-load that it creates, and the main event that ends the episode doesn't change. Now, bear in mind that these choices might have an impact on next episodes (in fact, that's very likely the case), but I'm only addressing criticism of outcomes not changing within the first episode. In the end, the main story arc will be the same (meaning that the episode always starts at point A, event B happens, and ends at C), but process will change slightly (meaning which characters are present in a scene and how they act).The problem in expectations also results from the definition of a game. I think there could be much to say about this, but to avoid going on a long tangent here, I'll say that I believe this game (to a lesser extent than others, like Dear Esther) challenges that definition. There are failure states, where you have to restart a scene, but only on more physical action sequences. You know, the ones I said were too sparse, easy to get through, forgettable, etc. The core of the game doesn't really have failure states. It's more of an interactive story where your actions dictate how that story is told, but not whether you win or lose. The outcome is already set in stone. You might ask then, why having interactivity in the first place, and I'd say that, beyond the obvious instances where things do change, I believe that the choice of options on a timer during dire situations are a great use of interactivity as a device in story-telling.To sum it up, I'd say that, with the caveats that 1) I didn't have the expectation of a more ambitious branching story, 2) I knew and loved the tv show, and 3) I was primarily looking for more of the show: the experience was absolutely thrilling and I totally recommend this game.---Update on episode 2:So, episode 2 left me in a less enthusiastic state. I'd describe it in a word as: fine; and even though fine isn't bad, the contrast with episode one makes me feel slightly disappointed with just fine. To sum it up, there's a lot more of action, and a lot less of psychologically tense scenes or shocking twists. The more action-dependent episode doesn't really mesh well with the franchise nor with the strengths of Telltale's storytelling devices, in my opinion. More quick time events, but less of an impact. Even the appearance of a fan-favorite character of the show seemed lackluster due to the circumstances and the lower stakes presented to the player.But then again, it's fine. I was kept entertained and interested in the story.---Update on episode 3:I literally just finished it... and it's awesome! I was worried after not feeling it with the second, but this one, I'll dare to say it's the best episode yet. It starts slow, but after it picks up it kept my attention all the way through. It's full of difficult decisions to make and I feel like they made a great job in making all of them feel organic and interconnected. The plot advanced at a fast pace, lots of tension and excitement, the main action sequence towards the end was very well done (one of my problems with the first two), so all in all, five stars. Even though the first episode still has the most shocking twist, I'd rank the 3rd on top for its consistency in its quality. I'm very impressed with it."
,Not Recommended,330840,19196241,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Aussiedroid,"Disappointment utter disappointment!Game of Thrones (GoT)has been the most frustrating & dull game I have played from Telltale to date. Starting stronger than it ends(?), it's story across six episodes is cliché, lacking interesting characters other than those already established in the TV series.GoTbrings little that is new to the table. The parallels between the Forrester's story & Stark's story arcs are uncanny, leaving me with a strong sense of déjà vu. After the first couple of episodes the pattern becomes clear, & as such becomes predictable. It lacks the twists or shock value that the TV series/books are renowned for, instead it compensates by using excessive violence & swearing.GoTworld is brutal(that was to be expected), but this is not the brutality surgically used to emphasise the emotional impact of a scene that is done so well in the TV series.The entire game sets you up for failure, regardless of the choices you make. Its one painful scene after another, leaving you feeling bullied & powerless to make a difference. This left me angry throughout most of the experience. In some respects you want a strong emotional response to the antagonists in such a story, but to put it simply the Whitehill's(your rival family)are simply one-dimensional assclowns where every single line of dialog comes off as obnoxious. They lack any charisma needed to be memorable villains. It's almost like the writers said, ""ok, what is the most insulting & horrible thing we could say at this point"" .. lets write that! None of the subtly or cleverness seen in the scripts that makes the TV Show so compelling.There were also many parts of some of the story arcs that just didn’t seem to have any meaning/motive/link to the overall story. Senseless. Spoiler:The entire Mira line seems to have been put in simply to include existing TV Series characters & could have been cut all together, & Gared story line seems to have no impact what so ever on the characters or events in Ironrath.Overall quality of the production is sub-par compared to previous Telltale titles, from the animations to the facial expressions. Lips are often out of sync, emotions are not communicated clearly(crucial for a game like this), & often see odd things like character smiling when its a dead serious situation. Character 'popping' is semi-frequent, where they would just disappear, or jump to another location or miss a few animation frames. Texture mapping also left 'holes' in the characters where you could see right through them. Also many of the characters look very similar & in later episodes you can clearly see the same models being reused blatantly. If you fail a scene several times, music &/or some audio elements would stop triggering.It is possible in many situations for you to not even press any button(or even mistime a button)when prompted & still get through the scene. Other times it took me several attempts despite pressing the button quickly/on queue. Felt very hit & miss, no pun intended.One of the most annoying things though was the blurriness from the 'oil painting' effect used, that you simply cannot turn off. In a still screenshot it doesn't look too bad generally, but in motion the edges flicker badly; it is really distracting. It varies from scene to scene too, where some sections actually look pretty good, then others where the entire view looks like I am playing without my prescription glasses on. Other times parts of the screen are impacted & others are not, has such a random feel to it. On top of this there is a blurred 'halo' constantly seen around the characters. Nothing graphically is sharp & frankly looks horrible much of the time - it was a bold design choice from Telltale that regrettable doesn't work for me. Anti-aliasing also doesn't seem to work nor does running the game in 4k using DSR seem to help. Overall, this just diminishes the richness & beauty of the locations & the individual objects created in the world. An option should have been provided to disable this!There is also some good aspects to come out ofGoT. As with previous Telltale episodic adventures, the camera work & direction is great! The actual textures look vivid & detailed, as is the multiple locations which span most of Westeros. The multiple protagonists of the Forrester family are used well, changing often giving the same feeling/flow as the TV Show following several story arcs. There were the occasional scene or one-liner that did give me a good laugh too. The animals & beast animations are fantastic from the horses to the dragons. The voice acting is high quality & actors do their best with the script given, plus it includes the original actors from the TV series which is a bonus for fans.Despite the few positives I can take from this, & my previous issue explained with the story, dialog, choices & technical issues, by far the worst part ofGoTis the ending. There is no closure, & my cynical self simply sees it at an attempt to sell a sequel. It is atrocious to be honest!UnlikeWalking Deadseasons, which do come to a natural conclusion (yet leave it open enough to continue) you are basically left wondering what you have wasted the last 12 hours doing! Lots of death, lots of blood, too many loose ends & a lot of guff.Seems I will need to buy Season 2 to find out what happens...No thanks Telltale, no thanks... I'll stick with the TV series.If you enjoyed reading this review, please followTrue Blue Reviewsfor more recommendations!"
,Recommended,330840,14363748,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,👻 Morsebid 👻,"So far, so great.Game of Thrones - A Telltale Game Series is a 6 part episodic story where you can choose your path and affect the story as you go. So far, I have to say, this might be my favorite Telltale game yet. The formula that Telltale uses fits so well with Game of Thrones, it feels like your watching an extention of the TV show. But even better, you have influence on it. Great start so far, I can't wait to play the remaining 4 episdoes.Pros:-Nice watercolor asthetic-Actors from the show voice respective characters(Tyrion, Cersei, ect.)-Solid voice acting and dialogue all around-Fun combat sequences, despite being QTE-Quick reaction choices that really make you think-Great story that follows the Forrester familyCons:-Not a whole lot of gameplay, as to be expected with a Telltale game-Occasional Graphic, Animation, and Sound glitchesHighly recommended for anyone invested in Game of Thrones. Just make sure you've watched through at least season 3 before you start this."
76561198012416372,Not Recommended,330840,19135230,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Topi,"The only reason to play this ""game"" is for the story, and i have to say that the ending is the most rushed cliffhanger ending i have ever seen. Absolutely disgusting."
,Not Recommended,330840,17164609,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,huntero,"MAYBE buy this game if you're a complete die hard Game of Thrones / Ice and Fire fan. Otherwise don't bother.Your choices mean nothing. The narrative consistently pushes you in the direction of failure, no matter what you do. Over and over and over. Just like most Telltale games, the animations are very weak. Not one semblance of natural human movement in the animations.On the positive side, the voice actors are pretty talented. It's a Game of Thrones story, so you might enjoy it if you're a diehard fan, but I honestly doubt it."
,Recommended,330840,13408361,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,mark | dj.,First episode review:+ Original voice actors+ Other voice actors do an excellent job as well+ Cool visuals+ Some difficult choices to be made+ Cliffhanger+ Fan service- Story loses a bit of focus/drags a bit halfway through- Difficult to follow if you haven't seen the TV series[Rating: 87/100]
76561197982625233,Not Recommended,330840,33856516,Posted: 28 July,all,empirej,"I'm a big fan of Telltale games.  I own most of them.  This, is, by far, my least favorite.  Why?  Simple, there is absolutely no way to ""win"".  But, its even worse than that.  There is absolutely no way to ""get ahead"" either.  Every decision you make MAY put you a step forward, but ALWAYS puts you TWO steps back.  I realize they were trying to go with the GoT feeling in the story; but even in the GoT there are moments when characters truly get to ""win""; even if the people who win are sometimes ""bad"" people.  In GoT there is, occassionally, that feeling of victory.  That feeling is completely absent from this game.This is just a depressing waste of your time.  I mean, if I wanted to be this depressed I would go live my own life instead of trying to escape from it for a few hours in a game.Trust me, unless you enjoy very sad and depressing stories, skip this one."
76561198098417443,Not Recommended,330840,17191456,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Mysti_Fogg,"This is a beautiful TV miniseries. The voice acting is good. The animation is beautiful. The story is okay.My problem with it is that the game is sold on the idea that you can take part in the politics of Game of Thrones when, in truth, you can't.Obviously your choices couldn't have a larger impact on GRRM's story, and I never thought they would. But I was sold on the idea that I would be responsible for the rise or fall of a minor house. And the initial episode was reasonably good set up for that aside from one really important choice ultimately having no impact.  But the episodes following the first have become more and more like a plot railroad in a tabletop game.Your choices don't matter. And in a game whose main enticement is the idea that you can play politics, not having your decisions matter defeats the point of making a game rather than writing a book. It's simply false advertising.And for all those people whose response is ""It's a Telltale game"" (ie all choice is always an illusion), I say that yes, I have played and watched Telltale games before, and that in a line up with Walking Dead and Wolf Among Us, Game of Thrones is the worst game for not having your choices matter. Count up all your previous irritations and multiply them by 10. Despite the limited choices, I still love Wolf Among Us as a noir mystery. A mystery only has one solution, after all, so ultimately being linear doesn't bother me a bit. And while Walking Dead always has the same ending, you do have some choice in the matter of the lives and deaths of your companion characters. It feels like a real struggle for survival with real consequences for who you have at your side at the end.Game of Thrones, on the other hand, feels like even when you plan well and make good choices, it's ultimately pointless because the game will arbitrarily decide that your choices don't change the path of the story or the arc of the characters one iota. I will finish playing this game, but if I could go back in time and stop myself from buying this game, I would. I've got better things to do with $30. Heck, I've got better things to do with $10. So unless this goes on sale for $5, the price of a matinee movie, skip it."
,Recommended,330840,13221872,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Rogers,"I will be honest, Telltale ""games"" are not much of games but well crafted enjoyable stories. There really is no choice. The illusion of choice is what is most prevelent. There are no two ways a story plays out, only two ""choices"" and one outcome regardless. So do not expect a telltale game to every REALLY give you choice that can CHANGE the story. That being said, and taking the game for what it really is, here are my further thoughtsWould I recommend this game? If you love Game of Thrones yes, absolutely. For 6 episodes 30 dollars is reasonable with the first episode ccoming in at around 2 hours long, if you play slow and do everything possible. I really enjoy the stories characters who are well voice acted and engaging. It helps drive the story and you care for your characters and the people who you are playing and ""protecting"" I still think Wolf Among Us is the best thing Telltale has done and I hoped that GoT would offer ACTUAL CHOICE. Alas it is just another Telltale Interactive story. It does feel a bit rushed, and honestly Telltale can't get away with the Cell shaded ""style"" forever. They need to create a better engine that looks better and runs better, no blurring, jaggies or other graphical blemishes. That being said its not about graphics or ACTUAL choice its about a well crafted story that is enjoyable to play and experiance.If you like interactive stories, and well crafted and acted ones at that. Game of Thrones is for you. The series could be one of Telltales best if they start offering more ACTUAL choice and deepen the story which I am sure they will, it can be a fantastic ""season"" of Game of Thrones."
76561198032835959,Recommended,330840,16489862,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Iron_Galley,"This is the most terrifying game ever.I have charged screaming and laughing madly into battle in a hundred other games; I've sent innumerable soldiers into a billion different deaths in dozens of RTS; I've fulfilled more legends and destroyed more world-threatening evils in more RPGs than I care to remember......yet nothing could prepare me for the greatest horror of them all: being a little handmaiden interrogated by Cersei, in this game... ;-; Go back to your dungeons! Return to raiding and pillaging empires! There is naught but terror and court intrigue for you here!When words become the sword a warrior must wield; he knows his hardest battle has come.10/10 would rather be mutilated by a thousand dragons than face the Lannister Queen again."
,Recommended,330840,13206264,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,YahooYann,"As most people Know all TellTale Games have been quite a hit with the gaming community and that is because of their rich story and great way of enforcing desicions and their impact. This game particularily hit a home with me as I am a lover of the show and the books, anything around this time really so maybe that has clouded my judgement here a bit. Anyways The pros and cons have always been a good thing to list off hereThe Pros:- Very Rich Story with a promising future and keeps the gamer entertained all the way through- Episode 1 was alot longer than i expected and matched the pace of the show making it a fullfilled feeling at the end- Seeing alot of the characters from the show keep their personalities and even sounded like the characters from the show hit home to me- The weight of my choices making me want to go back for more than just 2 times so adds alot of replay value- The fact this game is not afraid to kill of a character to progress the story further is a nice feeling and matches the books and show- The graphics to me felt alittle wonky at points but has a pastel feel to itThe Cons:- The controls (Keyboard and Mouse) could feel a bit wonky at certain points like moving the mouse while walking- The Graphics to certain people may turn some people's heads because it seems like a downgrade from the previous games but to me that doesnt matterSo as i finished the first act i cant wait for more and i will of course update my review as more gets released. I am particularily really happy with the ending of the first act and HIGHLY reccommend giving this game a try i think its a steal for the price listed 29.99 and offering more than some 60$ games out there. very simple yet ever so complicated"
,Recommended,330840,13601540,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Tasty,"Mandatory if you are a fan of Game of Thrones, given that you have seen the show up through season 4 already, or have read the books through Storm of Swords. They proved themselves with Walking Dead and Wolf Among Us, and now Telltale and Game of Thrones seems to be a match made in heaven. This game tells an original and very compelling story and, while it does give the ""illusion"" of choice in a way (follows a central story with different paths to follow), in true Game of Thrones fashion many of the choices presented will have you second guessing yourself constantly while the game keeps you on edge wondering what it will throw at you next. This is especially true for anyone intimately familiar with the show and books, as there will be many moments where you will attempt to make your decisions based on knowledge of the characters and setting from the source material. Also does not disappoint in sudden and game-changing plot twists that Game of Thrones is well known for.If you have no prior experience with Game of Thrones, this game will be quite useless to you. However, being in that position I would have to highly recommend the TV series and/or books; as a whole this set of works is one of the best that literature and TV have seen in a long time."
76561197971330175,Recommended,330840,13409895,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Throstle,"After playthrough of episode 1I was thankful that the story is not just a retelling of the TV series, but rather a side story of another house in the north, The Foresters.  Having read all the books and watched the TV series both helped and hinderd my appreciation for the game.  Helped in the sense that I knew the backstory.  I knew what was going during the opening scene at the Twins.    Yet hindered because I also knew the characters and have definite opinions about Ramsey Snow.  It was fun to be interogated by Queen Cercei, too.  I am curious to see if they can generate enough original content that is significant to the story unfolding in Westeros.  We will see."
,Not Recommended,330840,19139839,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,beardoof,"This game is not even close to being finished. I know it says it has released all 6 episodes, but guess what - for those of us who bought it on episode 1, we just now found out that episode 6 is not the end of the story. It's not even remotely rewarding to finish the story. We didn't even get to change anything relevant to the closure of the story. If you're curious, just passively watch it on youtube. It's the same as making decisions that don't change anything at all, like what happens when you play this game.I'm very, very disappointed."
,Not Recommended,330840,19141805,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,ℳℰℳ𝒪ℛ𝓘𝒜,"I just finished playing the final episode and I am very disappointed. Leaving an open (bad) ending, so we will buy the next season(s) It's starting to be a fashion for Telltale games. I don't mind it most of the times, but with GoT I do for the simple fact that it doesn't give you a ""happy ending"" feeling closure, it gives an all hope is lost feeling. I feel like Telltale is just keeping us all on a leash to buy the next season.It will NEVER END...PROS+ Good story line,+ Beautiful hand-drawn graphics,+ Great atmosphere.Cons- Open (bad) ending(s),- One episode is finished rather fast,- Telltale is keeping us on a leash to buy future episodes...."
,Recommended,330840,13203277,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,77th | Rec | Caesarmeister,"I have just finished the first episode and what an episode it was already. I've played mostly all telltale games, and being a massive fan of the game of thrones series I was worried that this game might not deliver; especially with the other games within the brand name being pretty bad.This game so far has delivered, the characters have so much depth to them already and the amount of plot twists I wouldn't have expected. There was some funny parts as well especially when Tyrion Lannister was concerned they seem to have gotten the characters on point. So far I would recommend this game as long as you have watched past season 3 of the T.V series or read the books, because the way it is done is as if you were on the show and its written to perfection in my own personal opinion. If you haven't seen season 3 of the t.v series do not get this game yet.Overall after one episode I cannot wait for the next one. So far the journey has been amazing and MY personal ending was very, very unexpected.*Spoilers in comments*"
76561198034387750,Not Recommended,330840,28329052,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Findanniin,"I have a love/hate relationship with Telltale's games.I love games that focus on telling a good story, without compromising gameplay. While Telltale's gameplay has been the same fare since their first Walking Dead (cutscenes with Quick TIme Events) - holding that against them at this point would seem silly.As such, the gameplay is functional and what one would expect.So let's rate it on it's main selling point; the storytelling.In a well-told interactive story, you maintain the illusion of choice and player agency. We, as people, understand that TellTale can't *really* have hundreds of branching interactive paths for all those little 'such and so will remember this' messages they're so fond of throwing up in the upper left corner of your screen.The trick then is to not show how empty your promises are *while* you're telling the story.If the audience figures it out after the game, through a wiki or the forums or even a replay ... Hell, you've succeeded in making that first playthrough feel vibrant and alive.And Game of Thrones, for all it's bluster and bravado falls absolutely flat.The choices you're forced to make often make little sense, and when choosing diametrically opposed options, GoT isn't afraid to 'overrule' your first choice two spoken sentences later. It's the first thing you learn not to do to your players if you're GM'ing a pen and paper game, and a product that advertises itself as 'reacting to your choices' not even letting you get away with making the limited choices it *itself* presents you with ...That's how you drop the curtain and strip players of the feeling of agency, and that's where my interest fades.Then there's the story itself.I'm a huge ""A Song of Ice and Fire"" fan, and I *like* Martin's 'gritty' fantasy setting.I don't even mind the fact that the devs kill a lot of the characters they introduce you to. And I don't even mind they don't give you the chance to prevent it (though really - throw us a small victory here and there).What I mind is that piling depressing event after depressing event is just poor storytelling.I liked the first chapter. Dank. Depressing. Hopeless Odds.Second chapter. Everything gets worse. Great!Third chapter. Yeah, now we take your dignity too. Suck on it. I love it.... but the golden rule of telling these stories is that after getting the player as down as you can get 'm ... you need to start offering 'm little bits of hope.A goal. Things to strive towards. A way to, conceivably, come out on top.The ""Die Hard"" idea. Poor Bruce Willis gets smacked around for over an hour, but he still gets to say 'ho ho ho' in the end.The equivalent here is that you would choose the 'ho ho ho' option, but another NPC will tell you that's a poor idea and then your sister stabs you in the back for no conceivable reason instead, because that'd make the story more miserable.So...No.It's a poor game for not maintaining the illusion of player agency.It's a poor story for not offering a single glimmer of hope, not even to snatch it away and provide better storytelling through that avenue. Unless you're into that kind of thing. Then be my guest. Paint your windows black, and enjoy the ride."
,Recommended,330840,13599894,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Matt0622,I liked a character.  He died.  It made me sad
76561198069865311,Recommended,330840,13249288,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Waldo Frey,"When watching the Game of Thrones and when reading the books I get so frustrated with the choices the characters make and I always thought that I would make the better decision. Oh, man... let me tell you. I was dead wrong. Telltale games did a great job with this game and it is sure to impress even the most avid Game of Thrones fan. Easily 15/10"
,Not Recommended,330840,23904713,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Lilo,"This game isn't awful. It had some great twists and offered another glimpse into the fascinating world of Westeros. However, it falls victim to many of the usual pitfalls of Telltale games; you are led to believe that all of your decisions matter and lead to multiple outcomes, but in reality you're going to end up in the same situation no matter what you do. This can be forgiven depending on how the story is structured, but can also be infuriating if done improperly, as I believe it was done here.Spoilers from here on out.The storyline in this game that most♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off was that of Mira in King's Landing. Hers were always my favourite sections of the chapters, as the intrigue at King's Landing has always been my favourite parts in both the books and the show. I really enjoyed it even when I ♥♥♥♥ed things up, such as when I pushed Margaery to ask Joffrey to help my family and it doesn't work out.However, if you play through this section of the game multiple times or read how your situations influence the outcome, it is revealed that your decisions really did not matter at all. And I'm not even talking about decisions like keeping the knife or the letter Tyrion wrote from you; I'm referring to things like your ability to curry favour with Margaery. When you play through the game it's understandable when you ♥♥♥♥ up your relationship with her, but if you try again with the foresight of what decisions end up being duds, you will♥♥♥♥♥♥her off no matter WHAT you do, because the game doesn't actually offer many meaningful choices.No matter how smart you play Mira, and stay fiercely loyal to Margaery, either through honesty or guile, you end up in the EXACT same situation in the dungeons where you're forced to either accept your execution or marry a man that tells you you're going to be a prisoner for the rest of your life so you can produce him heirs.I understand there are limitations in games like this. I can accept having this outcome happen the first time I played the game, because I made mistakes, but half the fun of these sort of branching storytelling games is that you can replay them and can go through scenarios perfectly in order to get a different outcome.Maybe I'm being overly critical. The game wasn't bad. I still enjoyed it somewhat. However, the whole appeal of Game of Thrones is how grey everything in the universe is; it isn't so black and white. Unfortunately, many of the choices in this game boil down to ""good"" or ""bad"", or basically one extreme choice or the other. There isn't nearly as much nuance as the game wants you to think."
,Recommended,330840,13206890,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Praxis-[CE],"As a huge fan of Game of Thrones, and the A Song of Ice and Fire series, I appreciate that Game of Thrones - A Telltale Games Series is the first official game that delivers the kind of quality fans get from the books and show.This is a violent virtual choose-your-own-adventure set in Westeros, in which you play from the perspective of members of the Forrester household. The pacing is a lot like the books, with chapters that alternate between several ""point of view"" characters. Although there is some outright action and combat, many of the decisions you are called upon to make rely more on diplomacy and tact than your martial skills, and as the series is constantly showing, decisions have consequences.The artwork for the game is really striking, from the trademark opening sequence familiar in the HBO series to the locations where the action is set. Some are places that we've been in the show (which is maybe a little too convenient honestly but still fun to visit), and some are new to the video game but everything still fits seemlessly in the world George R. R. Martin has established and the HBO series has visualized.Though the main characters are new to the game, members of a small Northern house mentioned only briefly in the books or show, they do (again, conveniently) interact with a handful of characters familiar to viewers of the show. Happily, all of these are voiced by the same actors who play the roles on HBO and so the voice acting in the game is one of the strongest parts of a game that already comes in strong with its story, music, artwork, characters, and design.If you're looking for a quality gaming experience and good serialized story set in a rich and well-envisioned world, Telltale games comes strong in its first offering in the Game of Thrones series.I can't wait to play the next episode!"
76561197968331161,Not Recommended,330840,16458838,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Danger,"Now that this is complete, I think I would suggest not buying this game.  If you're a Game of Thrones fan, I would suggest a ""play video"", or actually skipping it altogether.The story is extremely immersive and intriguing. I have to give props to their good writers and excellent voice acting.  This is also concretely set in the Game of Thrones world, and feels natural there, not in any way forced.The major downwside of this is the game is a game of choices.  The problem is almost always the choice makes no difference at all.  Some times you get a line of dialog, sometimes its completely ignored, and a few times the plot makes no sense based on your choice.  This slightly (ok majorly) takes away from the gamplay and turns it into a movie you're forced to take action in.  This honestly is what brings me to recommend watching a ""lets play"" video versus buying it.   Since its all the same anyway. I'm ok with certain plot points being fixed, it should be about the road to getting there and the road should feel personal, which it doesn't at all.From a plot prespective this takes place during the second to thrid seasons of the tv program.  While its does feel well set in the game of thrones world, it honestly didn't feel like enhanced the world, the tv show, or anything really.  The last episode I was hoping was going to bring at least part of the story to some sort of conclusion while leaving room for more.  Instead, nothing felt concluded, and I just had more questions.  It felt very shallow to me.So this is completely out now.  However I think its worth noting.  I personally would suggest not paying for any tale tale game till the game is complete for two reasons.  One you get all the episodes and don't have to wait (that way theres no production issues you end up waiting longer for, and it should be noted that from the relase date of episode 1 to the release date of episode 6 was more than 11 months.   Thats quite a hefty wait for 2 hours of content per episode)  The second reason is its often at a discount price."
,Not Recommended,330840,15336874,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Gian Lorenzo Bernini,"As a huge fan of George R. R. Martin's A Song of Ice And Fire book series and Telltale's other titles The Walking Dead and The Wolf Among Us, I was really looking forward to this title. However, I've found myself more and more disappointed with each episode I've played. I wanted to reserve judgment until the first season was complete, but playing the game seems more like a chore that I have to force myself to complete.The first, and perhaps the most obvious negative, are the graphical capabilities. Telltale's games were never very impressive in the graphical department, but the Walking Dead was at least adequate, and The Wolf Among Us had some great art direction and used a bright, attractive set of colors. This game, however, fails to reach even a mediocre level. It has a similar style to The Walking Dead, but the textures are far muddier and at a lower resolution. The colors are unattractive; the artists seemed to rely on only a mixture of earth tones. It's not inspired artistically, and it's inadequate technically. Perhaps the artists felt too constrained by being forced to live up to the style of the HBO series. Whatever the reason, the game looks very poor, and it strongly affects the experience in a way that I didn't expect it to.This leads me into the bigger problem with the series: Everything in the game seems grating and unpleasant. I play video games for entertainment and escapism, and playing this game is simply not an enjoyable experience. The beauty of A Song Of Ice And Fire is that things feel real despite it being set in a fantastical world. People are human and make choices that often best serve their own interests. It's somewhat cynical, but events occur that feel believable, which is an incredible accomplishment when you're reading about people living through decade-long winters and dragons. Terrible things sometimes happen to good people in the real world, and A Song Of Ice And Fire reflects that. The good guys don't always win, but when they do, it's special. The tragedies make the heroic moments all the more enjoyable. You find yourself grinning from ear to ear and pumping your first when a character you love finds good fortune or acts heroically and things go well. It's all about the payoff.The problem with this game is that so far, throughout the three episodes of this series, only torturously terrible things have happened. There has not been a single moment of triumph. It actually damages any feeling of suspense or tension the designers are trying for, because I've so far been taught by the game that no matter what decisions I make, something awful is sure to happen because of them. Im fact, I'm not even positive that you can avoid any of the terrible occurences from taking place, as I've replayed some sections and made different choices and had nothing change. The same people still die, the same people get angry with me.About halfway through the third episode I found myself deliberately making the most aggressive choices possible despite their likelihood of leading to poor situations for the characters, and when I stopped to consider why, I realized that the game had trained my thought process to expect the worst, and thus attempt to get it over as quickly as possible. This is a very bad thing for a game, and playing through these episodes feels utterly masochistic. Literally nothing good has happened to any of these characters through three episodes. They die, they become grievously wounded, they're insulted constantly, etc. It's all absolutely punishing with zero payoff, and my desire to continue playing wanes with each chapter Telltale releases.In conclusion: What makes A Song Of Ice And Fire so enjoyable despite its bleakness are the monumental triumphs of characters you've grown to love in the face of so much violence and despair. The writers of this game series simply do not seem to understand this, and as a result playing this game is an incredibly unpleasant experience. Everything about it is unremarkable at best, and ugly and unattractive at worst, from its graphics, to its characters, to its plot.As the first season of this series is yet to be completely released, I will edit this review upon my completion of it. If I can manage to force myself to complete it, that is."
76561198083526497,Recommended,330840,13433690,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,fliptrick,I got attached to a character and they died.
76561198047103023,Not Recommended,330840,32160635,Posted: 3 June,all,360 FUS_RO_DA n0 5C0P€,"Oposite to other telltale games I played, such as wolf among us and the first 2 seasons of TWD, in this game you get a feeling that you actually not in control of the story, I noticed that by episode 3 where some things hapened despite my options completely differ from it, some options will even give you a game over, retracing you back to pick a different route, which in my opinion is quite stupid for a game this kind. This frustates me because you can clearly notice that you options won't affect the final result, just gives slightly different routes towards the same ending.Defintely not the best work of telltale games in my opinion, basically for the last 2 episodes I just wanted to finish the game and didn't really care to much what I would pick.Even if you considering buying this because you're a GoT fan, the characters you know from the series don't play a major role in it, and there's not much interaction with them.But other than that, it is alright, nice graphics, good scenarios and voice acting, the story besides what I mentioned above it is ok, and you get to see the opening for GoT with the main theme so....yeah that's it5/10"
,Recommended,330840,13843650,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,rtgamer,"As we all know how big the game of thrones world is, to get into such a big story it requires time/understanding of characters which was taken in first two episodes and now everything you’ve been fighting for up to this point is finally in front of you as well as it's shaping up to be a good series. I often found I didn't have enough time to make decisions as the game is completely depend on the decisions you make.I really loved the characters and while there were times I wondered why I had to even walk my character to the window when it was my only choice - it seemed fluid and made me feel like I was that character - not just an observer. I would have loved to see more done with this game in terms of strategic decision making.I've tried various ways only for facing the only one result with very little differences. But still this game is very interesting and has the atmosphere similar to TV-series. And emotionaly rich plot of course. They even made their own intro in style of Game of Thrones HBO series. So if you fan of these books or TV-series, you may buy this game. :)+Original voice actors+Other voice actors do an excellent job as well+Cool visuals+Some difficult choices to be made- Difficult to follow if you haven't seen the TV series.Rating - 9/10"
76561197971705389,Not Recommended,330840,18393982,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Tenix,"Mostly disappointed with the fact that decisions seem to mean pretty much nothing. Also, soon three months since episode 5 and no news on episode 6? Why should I ever pay full price for a Telltale game when its not even fully released before going on a 66 % sale..."
76561198001963290,Not Recommended,330840,23477764,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Rigatoni,"None of your choices make any difference to overrall success, the blurb about meaningful choices is nonsense.And really unwieldy controls that can cause you to click on the wrong option, why is there no option to change mouse sensitivity?"
76561198029840625,Not Recommended,330840,34204118,Posted: 12 August,all,Atomic Badger,"TLDR: Choices are ultimately irrelevant, no dramatic satisfaction at all. Good world-building but poorly excuted narratives.Though their lore is interesting, House Forrester is a hamfisted Stark knock-off. Most characters are enough of their own person, but their aesthetics and family position are very lazily imitated (Lady Foresster may as well be Catelyn Stark, they're basically the same person).Of the four storylines, only two (or one and a half, really,) have any dramatic payoff/resolution. Given this game came out three years ago and there's no sign of a second season, this was poor storytelling and forward planning. Of the other two stories, one is simply packed with infuriatingly impotent choices that just serve to put the player through some sort of masochistic fantasy of the greatest hits from the Stark Family Tragedy, and the other is completely and utterly redundant! An entire storyline ends with literally zero impact on the overall plot, let alone any of the other main character's arcs.Fewer characters in fewer places would have probably been a far more cohesive story. Sure, it's nice to see as much of the world as we see in the show/books, but for the sake of a few (well performed) cameos it's not really worth it at the expense of good plot.Frankly, I couldn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about a second season. TellTale would be better off putting their resources into fresh material rather than trying to tidy up this mess."
,Recommended,330840,13234267,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Rhomen,"There are those points in the show and books that leave you with your jaw wide open and just... WTF. Well Telltale games delivers the same experience, except the story is at your finger tips.  15/10"
,Recommended,330840,13201088,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,crt.,Hodor!
76561198136659949,Not Recommended,330840,18319472,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,fergdaddy,"Before reading, please note that I'm a fan of Telltale and greatly enjoyed The Walking Dead and The Wolf Among Us.I wish I could recommend this game, but it has a few issues that I can't overlook based on my support for the developers alone.First and foremost, your choices don't really make a difference. Regardless of the way you play the large majority of scenarios, you will end up at virtually the same result. This is of course excluding a few major choices in character death/survival. Yes, this was also the case in the games I mentioned above, but it seems much more obvious in this title. The game tends to trap you in situations where you can't possibly deviate from the prescribed path, no matter the choices you make. If this doesn't bother you, then disregard this point entirely. This was more my personal problem with the game than an objective flaw, as they did not technically claim the game to operate otherwise.One of the reasons I adored The Wolf Among Us as much as I did was the complexity of the story. The plot legitimately felt like a mystery, where various outcomes were not only possible, but very hard to predict. I was regularly surprised by the game, and put real thought into my decisions because of my attachment to certain characters - a result of the story's complexity. Game of Thrones feels stale in comparison, and I mean that to apply to both characters and plot. Having played the 5 currently released episodes of the game, I couldn't give a rat's♥♥♥♥♥about a single character in the damn thing. They're all unoriginal archetypes, many of whom seem to be slightly modified versions of characters from the Song of Ice and Fire series. This leads me to another issue with the game, which is the smothering reliance on known characters from the series (Jon, Tyrion, Cersei, etc.) to manipulate the plot. When I picked up the game, (thankfully on sale) I was hoping for a fun side story within the world of Westeros, not merely a behind-the-scenes look at the lives of the best known characters from the show (and I say the show rather than the book series because of the character models). A few mentions and even an interaction here and there would've been a fun addition to the game. However, when every supposedly unique character must interact with one of the OGs to progress in their storyline, it gets a little dull.The above summarizes, probably somewhat incoherently, my main gripes with Game of Thrones. Additionally, you should be aware that some of the graphics of this game are obviously less detailed than its predecessors. It's not surprising that some corners were cut here considering the amount of thought that seems to have gone into the rest of the game. Yes, these Telltale titles have a unique art style; one that I like, in fact. This one kind of hides behind the ""unique art style"" as an excuse for some ugly graphics. Seeing Rodrik's fairly detailed character model interact with people and objects is much more bearable when his scabbard is made of more than a single pixel. You get the idea. Not all of the game looks like this, but when any of it does, it tends to♥♥♥♥♥♥all over the rest of it.So, this game is decent, as a game. As a Telltale game, it is disappointing. No way around it. I strove to find the bright spots in the game but they're far outnumbered by its problems. If you've never played The Wolf Among Us, you'll probably say ""Eh, this was OK."" But that's as far as I'd go. Again, I wish I could rate this game up, but the fact is that it's a sloppy, visually unappealing game with its corners cut to ribbons. I get it, they wanted to get on the Game of Thrones hype train before people stopped posting on Tumblr about Kit Harington. That would be all well and good, except that this game is on Steam for $29.99. You'd be better off just going and watching the damn show than paying this much for the Telltale Game of Thrones Ultimate Experience."
,Not Recommended,330840,23002834,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,T-Stu,"If you like spending 10 hours being beat down and never getting anywhere because the plot doesn't actually change for your decisions, go right ahead."
,Not Recommended,330840,23528202,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,ImThatGuyLolz,"Just going to be honest, you will like this game if u like sitting back and watching the story play out. I however, can't recommend this because it goes against the entire purpose of these type of games. You play it so you can see how the whole story plays out from YOUR choices, but in this game absolutely nothing you do changes any of the outcomes of the story. You might as well be watching a movie.EDIT: Just reached the ending of the story, and I didn't fail a single quick time yet the game still allowed the big bad to just escape. This further proves the point nothing you do matters. You either buy this game so you can let the villains of each story line win, or you watch all the characters die. This game isn't even worth 10$ on sale."
,Recommended,330840,14386367,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,JepSky,"The Ballad of the ForrestersFrom ice, from ice, we Forresters born,To ice we all return.Father, brother, I've sworn, I've sworn,To guard this rest you've earned.May kings and queens melt down their crowns.A pyre on Aegon's hill.In floods of gold, I pray they drown,For all the blood they spilled.Mance, sound the horn of winters past.Call starving giants forth.Urge cannibals to break their fast,On wardens of the North.Eastern mages empty the veins,Of beasts across the sea.Paint Slaver's Bay in crimson rains,To bring Ethan back to me.Snow grabbed me from my mother's grasp,To claim me as his prize.Ethan freed me from Ramsay's clasp.The rival lords locked eyes.The rival lords locked eyes!Fight on, fight on, Ethan the Brave,Old gods bear steel with you.Our lord, my twin, a hero's grave.So iron grows anew.Still iron grows anew.By Talia."
,Not Recommended,330840,13210921,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Curtis,"TTG have outdone them selves with the storyline, that much is true, however, the game is not a game as they describe. Your choices do not matter, contrary to what they advertise. Many ""choices"" you take lead to what the other choices would have done anyway, the game simply gives you the illusion of choice. It will always start at A and end at B, you cannot do anything about it. There is no C or D or E.As such, I do not recommend this game, although I recommend to go watch a playthrough on youtube or something since this is what the game is, a movie described as a game."
76561198036907832,Recommended,330840,13234026,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Buk Wild,"Ever scream at the screen while watching Game of Thrones, just knowing that if you were in a similar situation you would have made a much better choice?I'll keep this spoiler free, but now you can make the decisions yourself and realize VERY QUICKLY that your decisions won't fare much better (if at all) than the actions we scream at the characters in the show for.Episode 1 was great, obviously can't speak for the rest of the season yet, but let's just say this is definitely Game of Thrones and it picks up right in the middle of the show. If you're a Game of Thrones fan this is something you'll want to pick up and experience for yourself.I wouldn't recommend this game as an introduction to the series, but for those that have watched the show this game is superb and you will be sucked in from the get go."
76561198007101660,Not Recommended,330840,25631919,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Nerkle,"You are in the court of Kings Landing. Plots are more common than pastries and ladies have more schemes than shoes. You might think you would need to keep your wits about you and think VERY carefully about every decision.Guy Approaches.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥him off could have dire consequences.Options:-[talk to him] you walk over to him-[don't talk to him] he walks over to youYour dialogue options:-Screw you.-Screw you (phrased slightly differently)-Remain silent (your ally says ""Screw you"" over your shoulder)*Guy will remember that* pops up in the top left of your screen.This isn't a game, it's an interactive novel that ignores 95% of your input.At one point you choose between 3 swords on a rack: a red, black and brown hilt differs between them. the MOMENT your character touches any sword the hilt TURNS BROWN. FOR REAL. Picked the red sword!? YOU GET BROWN.*Guy notices you like brown*"
,Recommended,330840,13626484,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Frunklin,Hodor.
,Not Recommended,330840,17378573,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Ludi,"Whatever you do, someone you like will die and bad things will happen. Once you realize that you can`t do anything to change the plot, all the things you do in the game is just to watch storyline. But with all that clicks and moving around and QTEs, you will just watch so-so story. I spent 9+ hours but it`s obvious that it isn't worth it. I`d rather watch 9 tv episodes again. It` isn't interesting. Altough this game succeeded to make me angry a few times, by killing some characters, but that was too much. This game will make you angry :(   If you`re really curious about episodes, I`d recommend to watch in youtube."
,Not Recommended,330840,13206813,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Velnias,"After multiple play-throughs, there are no real decisions to be made in a game that purports to be about decision-making at its core. None of the events of significance in this episode can be altered, no matter what you do. At best, you can expect a few minor scene differences. Disappointing."
,Not Recommended,330840,16019287,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Iron,"The game, while generally an subjectively interesting story, offers no real, impacting choices, which is their huge advertising armada. It fails on every front. For me, they couldn't pull it off in Walking Dead and neither could they do it in a franchise that basically is build upon hard-to-make choices.Disappointment.""Press X for outcome A"", disregarding all your choices you have made before, which have no impact whatsoever.No. Just, no."
76561197989634916,Not Recommended,330840,33750610,Posted: 23 July,all,Malkavian Megalosaurus,"The first Telltale Game I played that I don't recommend.The first thing I noticed was how the background was like looking through a glass of moving water. It sways a bit which looks weird. A stylistic choice that I don't like and that cannot be turned off, but minor all in all.What was the thing that caused me to uninstall the game and move it to my junk category were the dialogue options. I have given the game 3 tries and every single time I uninstalled it when playing through the handmaiden section. Every time I choose something to say and the game will say I ""avoided the question"" or the characters say things that I did not expect based on the option I chose.An example was that I told Cersei that house Forrester was loyal to the warden and thus I was loyal to the king when house Stark was still in power. After that I said that house Forrester was loyal to the current warden when asked where Forresters loyalties were. That was seen as dodging the question instead of what I expected, namely that I was loyal to the king since the warden is loyal to the king.This happened to much in my opinion. Moments where I just thought: ""I didn't mean to say that in that way or say it with that intonation, please shut up."". Since the game relies on story I expect the options to be clear about what you are going to say and how you are going to say it."
,Recommended,330840,13738639,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Zero Summ,"-No spoilers are in this review-warning: If you haven't finished reading A Storm of Swords, or finished Season 3 of HBO's Game of Thrones this game will have spoilers.During the game you control several main characters, much like POV characters in the books. Considering the limited amount of time you get with each character, they do a great job of quickly introducing and getting you invested in them.The storytelling just FEELS like Thrones. They did a great job injecting their characters into existing plots. It will be very interesting to see how the telltale and official storylines intertwine with future episodes.My only gripe is that so far many of the choices don't have any real impact on the story (As of episode 1 at least, though I'm sure many of the subtle choices will effect later episodes.)When Telltale first announced they'd be doing a Game of Thrones game, the thrones nerd in me was really hoping for something on a grander scale. Playing through as POV characters, making choices that differed from the books to see what may have been. However, a game like that would be very difficult to do well, and my dream game probably sounds better in my head than it would turn out in reality.Overall I'm very satisfied with the first episode, can't wait for more."
,Not Recommended,330840,24023340,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,it's💀shoepacabra,"You know what makes Ramsay Snow on the TV show a bad character? He has only one mode: A sadistic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ always backed by superior force. It raises the stakes but it takes out all the mystery of how any situation might resolve. Force and sadism win while the weak are trampled and humiliated.Imagine paying money to watch like 10+ hours of Ramsay Snow. That's Telltale's Game of Thrones. Underdog stories are fine, even if the underdogs don't always win. But the underdogs need to have some hidden advantage -- something they can leverage that can even the odds against one-dimensional enemies leaning on superior force.Here, you just spend your time being beaten, tortured, and humiliated with no light at the end of the tunnel. Paying to play this game is like paying a bully to beat you up and take your lunch money every day. It pretty accurately captures how Game of Thrones works, but why the hell would anyone want to experience this?"
76561198040870525,Not Recommended,330840,34204573,Posted: 12 August,all,Are you my Mummy,"EDIT: Season 2 isn't happening. Season 1 came out in 2014, three years ago, and there has been no word since. I know a lot of people enjoy self-inflicted masochism and are desperate for an equally garbage season 2. But it isn't happening, and you should be happy that it isn't.SAVE YOURSELF THE TIME AND TROUBLE.Six episodes, and it ends on a cliffhanger that is never resolved because they never made a Season 2.This game is a mess. Like all Telltale episodic games, none of your choices matter. But this is on another level entirely. You can defend yourself against a guy trying to kill you, win, and choose not to kill him, but he dies anyways because you stabbed him in the arm instead of the chest. Next episode he has a stab in the chest and everyone's blaming you and you're going to be put to death.All of the characters end up dead, or making plans in the very last moments of the game, leading into season 2... A season 2 that isn't happening. It's a story that is a ♥♥♥♥ing mess that will never be resolved. Maybe that's for the best."
76561198005397255,Not Recommended,330840,32581477,Posted: 19 June,all,T.O.R.I.G.A the Mighty🌴,Illusion of choice in its finest form. You always make the wrong choice no matter what you do because in order to show this is Game of Thrones apparently only bad things can happen.
76561198024092427,Not Recommended,330840,19137996,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Newton's catamite,Nothing you do matters.
,Recommended,330840,13936705,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,XD of Hell,"Definently a great game. However, I would reccomend reading up to book three or watching up to season three before you play. The story is great, and a must have for any GoT fan.Sadly, no Hodor"
,Not Recommended,330840,18385798,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Alandrus Sun,"WARNING: NEVER BUY TTG GAMES AT THE START OF THEIR RELEASEMost of these games come out for $30 and the game is released in small chunks. 12/2/14 and now it's 10/8/15. And the game isn't even complete. And now is only $10 on steam. Save your money, wait a Year and a few months until all the episodes are out then buy it dirt cheap"
76561197991155047,Recommended,330840,13249170,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Cally,"I don't want to comment on this game as a game because only the first episode has been released as of this writing.I will say that if you're not familiar with the Game of Thrones story, this game will be utterly incomprehensible to you. It's not like Walking Dead, where you can pick up what's happening right away. You will be lost.Also, there seems to be an audio issue where when you pause, the game will pause on the sound and play static.edit:Okay, the game is done now.I'd still say it's incomprehensible if you're not familiar with the Game of Thrones story. The impact of interacting with characters from the main story will be lost on you.As for the game itself, the ending will likely leave you feeling ambiguous. On the one hand, it very much fits the theme and tone of Game of Thrones. On the other hand, it ends very ""cliffhanger""-ish and it feels like they will need a sequel just to finish the story. It is not a real resolution to the story and therefore doesn't feel like a satisfactory conclusion. (Unlike the TWD and WAU games, which felt like they had good conclusions while also leaving the possibility for sequels.)If you're a fan of the books or the show and the prospect of interacting with Tyrion Lannister, Jon Snow, and Daenerys Targaryen excites you, by all means, get the game. (Though, you'll have to interact with Ramsay Bolton too.)If you're looking for a good story as a story itself and you're not crazy about GoT, you may want to hold off."
,Not Recommended,330840,24565693,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,career alcoholic,"Sadly, this is one of the Telltale games I am not the biggest fan of. I love Game of Thrones, and this game's story line was quite interesting, however it was more of a movie than a game. No matter what choices I made, what risks I did or did not take, it all was superficial. Your choicesDON'T MATTER. Sure, maybe a character won't snuggle with you at the end of the day because their feelings were hurt, but at the end of the day, both roads join back in the same dead end. If you want to experience this game, just watch a playthrough or something, because no matter what choices you take the story still is the bloody same."
76561197992712289,Recommended,330840,14487627,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,schlitzmaltliquor,The worst thing about this game is waiting for episodes to release.
,Recommended,330840,14317211,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Harry the Heir,"The first episode of this game left me in doubts, but the second episode really convinced me. this was money well spend. the twists where very GoTlike and the character development is impressive for some characters. I found the choices more influentual on the game then before and even the scenery was more enjoyable with the variety of locations is this second episode, definitly a thumbs up!"
76561198072637567,Not Recommended,330840,23017290,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,VangaaK,"In the serie you are frustrated when the character you like died. In this game you are frustrated when you discover, at the end of the game, that every f*cking choises you make doesn't matter at all ! You can be as role play as you want, take all the good decision to have a great story and cool characters, the result will always be awfull. And the story makes no f*cking sense in the end !!"
,Not Recommended,330840,23342725,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,silkehartung,"Wait until it's on sale if you're a fan of the show - it does add some story to it, but it's eternally frustrating to only ever have bad outcomes, no matter what path you choose.I don't want to spoil it for you, but as per usual in GoT: Don't start to like anyone too much."
,Recommended,330840,33113812,Posted: 1 July,all,LockeProposal,"Heart-rending & deeply engrossing // Recommended for fans of the franchise, & just about everyone else+ Voice-acting is absolutely top-notch+ Dialogue is well-written & feels organic throughout+ Decisions matter; you always feel as though you're on your toes+ Great storytelling; Everything feels very true tot he spirit of the franchise, & absolutely nothing felt out of place+ Everything seems cannon (as far as I can tell); no noticeable contradictions to the primary plotline+ Options & actions make sense; only serves to further enhance the sense of immersion+ Uses original voice-actors for all the cameos of the main characters from the show+ Extermely emotional experience, regardless of the choices you make+ Everything ties together nicely in terms of pacing & results of the player's decisions+ Game compares your choices to those of other players & periodically tells you how your decisions stack up against those of the rest of the player base- Game appears to be alarmingly resource-heavy; I can run Witcher 3 at maximum settings, but I have to run this game at a low resolution with low settings to keep my GPU temp around 70 C (A little Googling told me that this game runs on an extremely inefficient engine, & some GPUs may react differently than others, not necessarily depending on the age of the card)- There were a few issues with autosave backtracking me several scenes when trying to continue- Animation quality is no worse than other Telltale games, but is still poor overall (textures as well)LockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
76561198004033968,Not Recommended,330840,26534050,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Soju,"I want to like this game.  The story is good and I love the series but it is just so disapointing.  The game is full of, what seem to be, serious choices that almost all end up being meaningless.  The story is going to progress the way it was intended with very few deviations.  Even most of the more serious choices end up doing nothing more then changing a few scripted lines or making a character wear something different.  Simply put, this is a good long movie that tries to give you the illusion of control without allowing you do anything meaningful."
76561198060315019,Not Recommended,330840,23256650,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Steve,"This game has perhaps the most ungratifying ending of any adventure I've ever played.  Things start out bad, get worse, then worse, then worse again, and then the game ends and you're left feeling ""Well, that completely sucked.""  Plus, as noted by many of the reviews, several of the sub-plots were pointless and did nothing more than make you feel even worse about the direction the story was going.  None of your choices seemed to matter.  I'm going to pass on season 2."
,Recommended,330840,14338924,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Peikko,"If you love Game of Thrones, you will love this game. Guaranteed GoT experience."
,Recommended,330840,13205684,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,InfernoKun,Episode 1 stayed true to the show.. It really turned out better than I expected and it was just simply amazing ;-;
76561197971153978,Not Recommended,330840,23332464,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Xaero,"This might be a good visual novel, but not a good Telltale game. No matter what you do, it's only getting worse and you can't win. I enjoyed all the story lines except the King's Landing one, but I can't recommend it because there's no impact on the decisions and it's not rewarding at all."
,Not Recommended,330840,23074619,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,HeyThereLouBob,"Honestly, this game is pretty fun while you're playing it.  Every choice feels important, even if a lot of them just provide different paths to the same conclusion.  The exception is when big characters from the show come around.  As a fan, it's cool to see them and helps the world feel more authentic.  But the interactions with them feel forced, and ultimately hurt the story.  Part of the fun is the whole ""anything can happen at any time"" suspense that you get from Game of Thrones, and interacting with show characters is the complete opposite.  You as a show-watcher know what is going to happen to them, which drives home the fact that your interactions with them don't really matter.But all that would still be fine if not for the ending.  For all the story this game spends hours building up, the ending resolves practically none of it.  It's a huge slap in the face that basically amounts to ""What happens next?  Buy Season 2 to find out!""  Cliffhangers are something you can get away with on a TV show.  In a game like this, they just make the whole thing feel unfinished.For a story-based game, I thought there would be at least SOME story resolution.  Maybe in Season 2, but I'm not holding my breath.  Don't waste your money."
,Recommended,330840,21699924,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Orge Lambart,"So I've been saying for years I can't imagine how Telltale Games can top The Walking Dead Season 1, they put out some amazing games in the time period since that game released.  The wolf among us, (amazing), Walking Dead season 2 (stupendous), and a few other projects that have all been top notch adventure games (albeit shorter than I'd have liked, then again time flies when you're having fun).  With that said, I was fully prepared to play another outstanding game when I purchased Game of Thrones, (much like The Walking dead I wasn't a fan of the television show or comics/books prior to buying the game.... needless to say I'm a fan now) I had never watch a single episode of Game of Thrones, nor partook in any of the R.R Martin books, although I have heard amazing things about both..I was a bit nervous before I began playing, thinking I'd be totally lost, as the game seems to take place after the third season of Game of Thrones (don't worry you don't need to be an avid fan to enjoy the games, you may miss out on a few cameos, and a little backstory on some characters but it's certainly not necessary at all) yet I never felt like I was missing out, the game does a great job of keep non GOT fans abreast to what's going on.The story- the game starts off at a place called ""The Twins"" at an event called ""The Red wedding"".  These events aren't really talked about in the game much at all, you can easily do a quick google search which will give you a great summery of what caused these events to transpire and have all the grisly details.  You start as a character known as Gared Tuttle, a squire for Lord Gregor Forrester.  After a few conversation choices, and a surprise promotion Gared is on his way to fetch wine, accompanied by another squire who does nothing but complain..   Be an♥♥♥♥♥♥ or play it cool.. the choice is yours, after fetching or nearly fetching the wine Gared notices the Fray soldiers who have been stationed with the Forrester army are mounting up for war.  After trying and failing to quickly get back to his lord, the Fray army begins their assult.Gared is tasked with making his way back toward the Forrester camp, along the way you're met with various QTE events and a few conversation choices, you see Gregor's son Rodrik Forrester, you stand by helpless while he gets slaughtered by Fray soldiers, rushing away and toward the Lord you encounter a few additional conversation choices, until you're eventually back with the Lord, he's gravely wounded and decides to make a hasty retreat with Gared at his side.  The next scene plays out with Gerad and the Lord in the middle of a forest, Gregor confides in Gared, and offers him the Forresters Lord sword.  You can try to argue but either way Gared is heading back to Ironrath alone..The game starts off exciting and continues that way until the last minute of the final episode..The Gameplay-  Unlike previous Telltale game releases GOT's see's you control 5 separate characters throughout the story.  Those are Gared Tuttle, Ethan Forrester, Mira Forrester, Asher Forrester, and (A mystery Forrester)!!!  Another change was the addition of a 6th episode, most previous Telltale games have had 5 Episodes.  The rest is fairly straight forward, conversation, QTE events, some easily solved puzzles, and of course the choices.  The meat and potatoes of any Telltale games, your choices, these are the choices which divide paths, which decide who lives and who dies, and generally give the illusion that the player choices matter.  (in all honesty the player choices matter is kind of over blown in most telltale games, as normally if you have to choose to save one character over another, the surviving character typically only last an episode or two longer before they meet their demise.)Is it worth it????  In all honesty I'd say this question is easily answered with a resounding yes.  I'd put this game slightly below The Walking dead season 1 in terms of how much I enjoyed it.  Game of Thrones kept me on the edge of my seat, and continually kept me wanting to help save the Forresters.  I felt emotionally invested in the characters and every blow they felt, I felt.  Every tear they shed and blood droplet they spilled I felt it as well.  Telltale games didn't disappoint me with another amazing story driven game.  The art work is beautiful, like a living oil painting, the characters are unforgettable, the voice acting as always is top notch and when the credits roll you'll find yourself wishing you could go into hibernation mode until the second season releases..So without question I'd recommend buying this game, enjoying it and getting yourself ready for the sequel which has been confirmed by Telltale games.   NOW with that said, if you disliked previous TellTale games, such as The Walking Dead, The Wolf Among Us, MineCraft Storymode, or Borderlands a Telltale game, I'd probably avoid this game as the gameplay and style is nearly identical, aside from a different art style.Pro's  -Amazing StoryBeautiful art workGreat voice actingLikable charactersCon's -Some pretty big technical issuesSome odd save glitches repoted by some peopleSome of your choices get reversed in the next episode (IE the opposite choice is used in the following episode.)Most of the cons are present in other Telltale games, you'd figure after all the games they made using the same engine they would have worked them out by this point, but those issues aside (which IMO can be a pretty big nuisance, especially if you're looking to get a certain ending but it fails because the game shows you let the opposite person live, or choose the opposite path etc etc etc.)"
,Not Recommended,330840,33951449,Posted: 1 August,all,Xird,"I had high hopes for this one because I am a huge GoT fan, and I have enjoyed previous Telltale games.The story is interesting, but a lot doesn't get resolved by the end (and who knows if they will do another season).I've played through a couple times, and your choices are meaningless. Sometimes character responses don't make any sense based on what you selected.If they do a 2nd season, I will wait until the whole thing has come out and read the reviews before I will shovel out the money."
76561198062080106,Recommended,330840,13612934,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,FancyPants,"I was a little sceptical at first, thinking that TellTale Games may ruin Game of Thrones, but I was pleasantly surprised.The characters introduced in Game Of Thrones - A TellTale Games Series fit well in with the universe.I do highly recommend this game, if you are a fan of Game of Thrones, like myself."
76561198045151725,Recommended,330840,14343806,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,CommieG,"Ran away and let a Lannister guard drown some homeless kid10/10, Just like real life"
,Not Recommended,330840,28761852,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Parakeet,"This game feels abysmally one dimensional compared to earlier tell tale titles. If you're a massive fan of GoT you might genuinely enjoy this, however if you're a fan of games that adapt to your decisions, you needn't play this game. 90% or more of the choices you make are meaningless, nothing changes, sometimes not even the dialogue, the options are there purely to give you the illusion of choice. While definitely entertaining, and long enough to justify it on sale, I could not reccomend this at full price. This game is less your story, and more of a story that someone else wanted to tell.For the bonus point, telltale has neglected to go back and check (for many dialogue options) that what you choose and what is actually said are consistent. In fact, there are many times where the voice actors dont even speak the entire line, if not for subtitles I would have missed this, I don't think it's ever been super important, but it's one of those small quality control things, I personally would expect from a game that has very little going for it.Another thing, less to do with this game specifically, but TTG in general.  For a developer surviving off games with subpar  graphics, lack of actual gameplay, and being technically unimpressive, there are many super small details that they need to incorporate so that when their game finally crashes (and it will at least once) you don't need to sit through 15 minutes of dialogue you've already heard. E.g. There are no skip buttons for dialogue and no way to skip cutscenes, instead TT gives us two (2) pause buttons. This becomes rather frustrating, when you need to either restart the game due to crashing, or wish to change a decision. Without spoiling the game, suffice it to say I tried keeping a certain character alive but in fact all options lead to his death regaurdless, and the many hours I sunk into repeated dialogue, trying different combinations of choices, for nothing,  was very disappointing."
,Recommended,330840,29387653,Posted: 20 January,all,SPH4E,Telltale never fails on amazing me. Their games are always a piece of art and this one is no exception. You might need to watch the first 2 seasons of the show to understand what is the action about but overall you'll get it without seeing it.
,Not Recommended,330840,23029725,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,SandroTheModuser4728,"I have read the books. I´ve seen the series. It isn´t the death of the characters that infuriates me it is the logic behind the reasoning of my enemies. Because there is none. You kill or you spare an enemy ....it doesn´t matter they will say you showed no mercy... you keep a contract or you burn it ... it dosen´t matter you won´t get to use it anyways... and every character has to have his own opinion which will confilct with your promises or convictions or needs ... all the timealso the deaths seemed forced ...like it has to be this way if the game is called ""game of thrones""so no I won´t recommed it, it was addicting once I started but it grew more infuriating by the minute, and in hindsight I would have been better off playing minesweeper instead"
,Not Recommended,330840,25044214,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Jazz,"I've enjoyed ""The Walking Dead"" and loved ""The Wolf Among Us"" but this game is just frustratingThis game has multiple story arcs but most don't get any serious resolution. One is a complete filler with no impact on the main plot, one story arc isn't resolved at all and ends up with a bunch of ""what?"" questions, and the main plot ends with a cliffhanger. Things just keep building up for 6 episodes and then the game ends, so there's no point in playing it until Season 2 comes out and that's kind of insulting.Also, I get that the story is supposed to be grim, but at some point the misery of protagonists just becomes the norm, so you kind of stop caring about the characters anymore. This is also probably the Telltale game where choices matter the least, and at the same time you always get punished for your choices, so it leaves a bad aftertaste."
76561198040770825,Not Recommended,330840,25110029,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,CInnamonChaos,"I love ASOIAF and i love telltale games, so the Reeses Cup theorm lead me to believe i would really enjoy this game.  However what could be a fun experience is hamstrung almost immediately by a series of huge problems on a conceptual levelThe first and most egregious of these problems is that rather than trying to build its' own version of continuity like the relationship between the books and the show; the game instead feels weirdly beholden to the cannon of the show. None of the characters you play as will have appeared in either the books or the show. And you quickly realize that even though you may encounter familliar characters dring the course of the game, you can't really impact on them in any sort of meaningful way.  The ergeious amounts of plot armor wouldn't be so frustrating on their own. But it leads to a series of pivitol choices where you know whatever you decide will be completely meaningless because it's sucess or failure wouldn't align with the show.  This design ends up negating choice in a game where that is literally all you do.This leads me to my second issue with the game, choice. Telltale games have always talked a bigger game than they've delivered when it comes to choice. No matter what you do you're going to end up on one side of a series of binary set pieces. In a stark and post apocalyptic world like The Walking Dead, these kind of decisions make sense. Every choice is for survival and the wrong ones will kill. However this forulma doesn't really work in the more nuanced world of GOT, particularly with the amount the game trys to push the political intrigue angle. Yes, both worlds are brutal and bleak- but the GOT world is built not on mere survival but a complicated tapestry of relationships and alliances. An element that completely disappears when exposed to the kind of predictable dichotomy that is intrinsic to the TellTale games format.Finally, lets talk about twists. This game treats twists like Lenny from of Mice and Men treats rabbits, taking something fun and cool and abusing it to death. I played the game through in its entirity and i felt like every 15 minutes some new horrible thing happened that i was supposed to feel bad about but i couldnt be bothered to give a♥♥♥♥♥♥because they were so random and outside of my control that i just decided not to get invested in any of the characters. Seriously, after the second or third surprise the gimmick ( and that's what it is a gimmick) lost all signifigance. The frequency and intensity with which these dramatic moments are applied to the lackluster story are not only detrimental to good story telling, they're anathema to it. This can be seen in the plot holes and mcguffins that plauge the games' story, and a cast of characters you couldn't get invested in even if they weren't all about to die at any moment for no reason.All in all, the main problem with the game is that it's trying to be a Pg-13 version of the show. It dumbs down the plot into easily digestable and apparent good/bad dichotomies, Omits shocking and disturbing storytelling in favor of an uninturrupted stream of increasingly meaningless dramatic twists, and is afraid to take the risks to distingusish and assert itself as another equal branch of the GOT universe.4/10- You can find better games for the same value."
,Recommended,330840,23935650,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Feluto,"While your choices in the game may not matter much, the story is still worthy of the Game of Thrones name."
,Not Recommended,330840,22301962,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Dragoan,"What initially started out as a interesting story soon fell foul of plot armour, meaningless decisions and engine problems.Despite some misgivings at the start the game appeared to be picking up around the mid point and was finally getting interesting. But, there is only so much negativity and misfortune you can tolerate before it feels pointless playing anymore. You make decisions that you think would help you out, you make decisions that are clearly the correct choice or you just try something else an no matter what you do, it is very rare that you will enjoy the overall outcome and more often than not it will leave you feeling sad confused and bored.I cannot recommend this game and after finishing episode 5, I do not intend on finishing it. I've read enough to know im not missing out on anything, and neither are you."
76561198300679217,Not Recommended,330840,23260139,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,cursingmonk,"I was told the decisions matter. But there's only one storyline, and no matter what you do, you can't change the events. Pathetic. I feel ripped off."
76561197976778736,Not Recommended,330840,30214983,Posted: 26 February,all,Tobis,"I love Telltale games and Song of Ice and Fire. This game is terrible. The game constantly forces you into binary decisions like ""let person A die or let person B die"", and no matter what you choose every character around you berates you for every decision. Even if you devote every decision to keeping one person happy, the lazy writing will fabricate some reason to undo your work to tie up loose ends. Everyone get screwwed all the time and decisions don't matter. Give this one a miss."
76561198060994848,Recommended,330840,13234527,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,LukeDaSpook,"I will preface this by saying that I've played both seasons and DLC of The Walking Dead, but have not played either the Borderlands or Wolf Among Us seasons. The comparisons I make are between the Telltale Games of Game of Thrones and The Walking Dead.Thoughts:There is something about the way Telltale Games designs their games, and at the heart of them, are excellent storytelling. They find a way to get you to gravitate towards a character or despite another, but they go one step beyond TV or comics by giving you the key to the storytelling. Everything is in your hands, and this Game of Thrones is the very same. They introduce a house not currently covered by the HBO show, but keep some familiar faces to ease the transition. The art style is similar to their other series, but with differences that make Game of Thrones different from the other three.Now about the game:The controls take a couple to several scenes to get used to, but similar to season two of the Walking Dead, with much more reactionary sequences. Button mashing and quick QTEs :)Voice acting is quite good, with very familiar voices (and faces"") if you watch the show.Free roam is similar to other series by Telltale, with slow walking and good interaction with other characters.Some of the scenes have weird face movements when characters are speaking, but it is few and far between.Pleased with the control of multiple characters, a difference between The Walking Dead that is welcomed.I am very happy with the new installment and glad I can finally write a review.TL;DR - would recommend, if graphics are more important to you, then stay away; great storytelling reminds you how well made a game is."
,Not Recommended,330840,19365859,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Hillbilly_Dave,"An Exercise in FutilityAnyone who has read the Game of Thrones books or watched the show knows that good people rarely survive in that world, and that works ok when you're reading or watching a story unfold in front of you. It does not work well when you have ""control"" of the story and are constantly kicked in the teeth at every turn. Of course, I say ""control"" in quotations because like all TellTale games, there is very little to zero player control in the story. Sure, we can make choices in the game but they don't affect anything other than a dialogue line here or there at best. The outcome is still the same. As an example from recent memory, with a minor spoiler, the Whitehills are breaking into the Forrester keep, killing all the peasants, and the player is presented with an option to save the peasants or reinforce the gate to stop the enemy soldiers from pouring in. Regardless of what you choose, the same thing happens; you don't make it 20 feet before you're stopped.By far, my biggest complaint with this game has to be the fact that throughout the entire 6 episodes of this game, virtually anything that can go wrong for the player, does go wrong. You are kicked in the teeth at every turn and there's nothing you can do to actually stop it. Furthermore, this game features a whopping 5 protagonists that the player controls. Two of them have no actual effect on the grander Forrester story, 1 of them dies very early in the game with no way to stop it, and the player is forced to choose which of the remaining two lives. In the end, only 2 of the protagonists survive the end of the game (3 if you choose to enter one into slavery), and one of the two surviving protags has had no bearing on the story as a whole. His survival is clearly a lead in for a season 2, which I for one will never purchase. This game is an exercise in futility of the highest degree. Video games are supposed to be fun experiences but this game is almost nothing but frustration the entire time. As I said, virtually everything that can go wrong, does, and no matter what the player chooses or tries to do, there's no way to win. I don't know who at TellTale thought it would be a good idea to make the player suffer through a story playing as House Stark 2.0, but it is not fun. It's like trying to play basketball against a professional team and your entire team is made of midgets.2/10, would not recommend."
76561198052261366,Recommended,330840,13202647,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,[LEGEND] brallen,"As of Episode 1:Great story so far as to be expected, however there are a few flaws. The interface is still a bit clunky, the field of view isn't optimal, and some little frustrating cliches such as two soldiers pausing to smile each other IN THE MIDDLE OF A FIGHT...you can guess what happens next. The different POV's are a nice touch but as an avid fan of ASOIAF it feels a little too convenient that House Forrester is in so many vital locations throughout the story. I would have preferred a story that didn't necessarily have to involve many main characters from the series, since it can verge on feeling forced.On the plus side the voice acting is much better than previous Game of Thrones video games, the artwork is decent, and the world is consistent with the show so far. The choices so far haven't really been heartwrenching yet, but you can tell theres going to some major stuff going down later. Most of the choices so far have been the superficial type we saw a lot in other Telltale games, but I'm fine with having a good plot and being able to affect some details here and there. All in all Episode 1 is an 8/10, it's done a good job setting the scene and introudcing some likeable (and hateable!) characters. Hopefully future episodes can capitalize on the build-up.All in all an intriguing setup for an immersive if a touch heavyhanded story. I would definitely recommend a buy if you have any interest in the ASOIAF story. If you've never watched or read Game of Thrones I can see the game being very confusing."
,Recommended,330840,35208849,Posted: 25 September,all,⎛Ƈувєя☣Ɠø𝐓♅⎞,"My contribution as a Game of Thrones fanI never heard about this game before, I guess it wasn't popular so my review may serve your case.Expect biased analysis, fan-boy-ism and noble spoiler warnings.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1145763229Shortest easy resume:If you are a fan and haven't heard about this game yet, go get it now. Do barrel rolls, mortal flips, spit at some American cop's face, doesn't matter. Go grab it.If you're just looking for a good plot-driven game but you're coming out from the blue, repeat step above right now.If you just want some game were choices matters at spectacular level, this game isn't the best for you. I recommendTales of Bordelandsor evenBatman Telltales- ''Tailored by how you play'' can be an overstatement here so wait for some discount.Detailed ↓New to Telltales?This is an interactive ''movie game'' you'll be using your controls during action scenes but not just for combatants. GOT series have been poorly conceived on games, Telltales is the best we got. If someone tells you this is just The Walking Dead with swords, ignore, that soul doesn't comprehend our Westeros blood. There is more.This game doesn't require any plot knowledge, it is friendly for recent arrivals and works perfectly to engage Game of Thrones universe by George R. R. Martin, if you haven't you will soon. The cold hearted narrative and the literal gaming for power and survival and its subsequent blood shed and twists; the formula behind the books and the TV show. For fans, it is a dream to drive the plot at will - or at guts or dexterity.Don't get your hopes too high for an spectacular season finale or great consequences. It isn't another case of 2 endings likeLife is Strangebut I feel it could have been better. Feels more like the first steps for Season 2.Each episode will have its own ending, but they're not really that cumulative for six episodes, you will still have a couple varieties per character but I think it should have at least 30 different endings,lolat me, I know Corporate Commander would never approve it.The game has a broad variety of conversation options, it should be impressive, but Development trickery often tries to fool you to think consequences are always happening. Too complex to be relating every time it happens, but you still have some reminder and hints warnings after choosing some of them.The game will give you different consequences and some group tree so to speak. Between the forced illusion and real freedom, you surely feel connected but not always in control...  blatant scripts can undermine it but it is enjoyable regardless. I guess we either accept it or backlash to demand better efforts, what can you do.The universe for engaged fansJump to newbies if not. 3 half-spoiled paragraphs ahead.#1 is:The character swaps from each other smoothly as the episode unfolds, just like the TV show. Characters and locations that are actually important on the franchise are present on the game, from the good Jon Snow to the cold Cersei Lannister and also my two favorite classic characters and actors- Emilia's Daenerys and Peter's Tyrion. The new characters, mostly from Forrester family are easy likeable, also for the voice acting reasons.#2 is:George's universe blends references such as the""Wonders Made by Man""a book written by Lomas Longstrider the traveller owned by new playable character, Mira. You get to be around more active things such as the imprisonment of lord Tyrion and the Red Wedding event. When all that shows up interacting with new characters under your control, you get that insta-smile. When you die, its down to ''Valar Morghulis"" as it suits our doom just fine.#3 is:Asher Forrester probably works as a theoretical main character for you if Gared Tuttle couldn't impress you, Asher's insertion and his friend Beskha energy probably will. They're so good and compatible that I already got mines, like the humble loyal handmaiden. Mira has the unlucky role to fight with words instead of swords on King's Landing. Such soul having to deal with Cersey is no small task - and it is quite the scene in-game. The way you can get in or out with Tyrion's evil sister and manipulate everyone from there (if you got the balls) is very pleasing for the likes of me. They're compatible, no silly gamey personas around the classics - they got identity by themselves.Gared Tuttle, the first character you get to play with is not to be confused with Gared the ranger, the one who dies at TV GOT's episode ''Winter Is Coming'' at the hands of some White Walker. Things got swapped fromA Song of Ice and Fire, and the name Gared feels just recycled.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1146363663The universe for newbiesWith attempts to be likeable, Gared isn't even a Forrester but non-bought loyalty does exists and this is pretty realistic.It is amusing to fight against the character itself, changing him to fit you isn't easy.Humans are weird and your interests may change when characters swaps. You will try to be a decent warrior with Rodrik Forrester and a funny glorious ʙᴀsᴛᴀʀᴅ with Asher... and King's Landing might reveal that treacherous side you have, that's how well crafted the game is with plot just as the classic works.You must understand Game of Thrones signature, everyone is trying to rise or to survive and trust is always in balance and rarely established - when it is, your expectancy isn't. This game is plenty of chances for you to understand how hard is to be good on this selfish ''planeto''. Always  assume ''if you want peace, prepare for war"" instance. But I love how you can transform a sweet loyal girl like Mira into a treacherous snake if you deem wise, losing her decency or better yet, her Forrester-y in the process. Humans. Weird.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1146405567The Forrester great-sword and its house Ironrath shield has an strange resemblance to the King's sword and Gondor's symbol from The Lord of The Rings. I must be a fool for making such shameful waste of paragraph and abusing my reader's patience.Fool me once, shame on youSometimes the game exaggerates anddeathbecomes predictable. Unavoidable scripts are nothing new, BUT mistakes are unacceptable.If you deny food to Whitehill's men, Gryff will later say you're leaving them drunk.Sure, HBO never gave Telltale enough money.Final thoughtsThe graphics and animation haven't aged very well, because they have never been great anyway (they look oily painty) It still have some beauty.During combat scenes, you're prompted with modern quick-time event, not very traditional. It isn't easy, so don't underestimate it. It has some rare bugs in that and on reloading. WASD controls on the keyboard will be used for walking in short spaces and look for items.Item grabbing. It is a game. It got items, they're used in key situations.Dialogue is timed. Silence is way to pass it but it is well made. You don't get that cold ''waiting for answer'' from other games, voice acting still goes during the countdown and its realistic. Facial animations are really not good. Still better than ME: Andromeda.The music is good, it ranges from the series to news. The development team is taking too long to produce next season. The whispering from weirwoods says around 2019. The JOIN! us prompt everytime you finish episodes is very annoying.No backgrounds, no cards, no emoticons. Thanks Valve, HBO and Telltales, outstanding move.Sarcasm that.Vertical Screenshot."
,Not Recommended,330840,22814837,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Wuggles,"One of the first things you will read when playing this game for the first time is: ""This game series adapts to the choices you make. The story is tailored to how you play."" which is an utter lie. No matter what choice you make you will get the same results in the end. Sure there are different scenes depending on the choices you make that you wouldn't see if you had not made the same choices. Ultimately however, what you do has no impact on that happens in the story, nor can any of the events be altered by your choices. Not only are the choices you make irrelevant some of the events in this game defy logic and the laws of nature.! SPOILERS AHEAD !As an example in the first episode if you choose to meet Ramsey Snow at the gate and leave his guards on the other side they will still teleport into the great hall. In episode 5 if you choose not to take Arthur's men with you and instead lave them at Ironwrath Ramsey will still flay him, regardless of your choice to take him with or leave him with his men.Not only are game events illogical, characters within the game also make irrational choices contrary to their character, and to the context of the world. This is the most obvious when you are betrayed by Duncan or Royland, which makes no sense considering Duncan was the only person Lord Forrester trusted with the secret about the north grove, and everyone is going on and on about how honorable Ser Royland is.In short if you enjoy being Masochistic this game is perfect for you. If you enjoy a well written story with compelling, REAL characters this is just a waste of time and money, out of all the games in my steam library I regret buying this one the most. Telltale plese fire the idiot who wrote the story for this game, it's worse then teen fan fiction."
76561197967244540,Not Recommended,330840,20138680,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,RinValak,"A game full of empty choices.They try really hard to convince you that you had other options, but you didn't. In many seemingly pivotal decisions, every single option has the same result. For example, I reset an episode and tried everything the complete opposite. No difference. They really rub it in your face that you ""chose wrong"", too, even though the result is the same for every option.There's a few characters from the TV show/books, which is cool, with one exception. Ramsay Snow. You're pitted against him multiple times, and you know full well he's narratively invincible, that nothing you do could possibly harm him, because he's protected by story canon. It was a terrible decision to make him a recurring villain. One of the key selling points of the Game of Thrones fiction is that no one feels safe. Anyone could die at any time. Good people can get beheaded, monsters can be poisoned, etc. Making a character 100% safe is a terrible idea, and pitting you against that invincible character is a game-breakingly bad idea.This sort of magic-wand solution to plot happens quite a bit. There's obviously an expected ""path"" the player is supposed to follow, and if you don't choose those options they just shove you right back onto the main path as quickly and crudely as possible.Make some tough choices to get key information about an ambush? You still get caught in the ambush.You get the♥♥♥♥♥♥kicked out of you just like that for the entire game, and then it's over. They seem to hint that a few choices will effect the next season, but I won't be playing it.If you still really want to get this game, just know that you could spam click randomly through every dialog and story choice in the game and still see the same plot everyone else did.Rating: D+EDIT: I really have to complain about one more thing because it's been bugging me that I didn't include it. I'll have to spoiler this since it would be too hard to explain otherwise.Asher is this insanely badass warrior who fights with falcata (a sort of sickle-shaped sword) and handaxe. Rodrick is a man who came back from the brink of death, permanently crippled and can barely walk. He uses his father's greatsword...adequately.At one point late in the story you have to pick who lives, Asher or Rodrick. I picked Rodrick, for my own reasons. Later there's a battle and I lost horribly, and thought: damn, I bet Asher would have kicked♥♥♥♥♥ So I went back and tried it the other way.This is where it gets bad. They give Asher the family greatsword so they can just reuse the same exact animations for the entire battle. They literally just changed the character model and reused the scene. SDfgkhlsdfkghsDFgdklfghdf."
76561198011499298,Not Recommended,330840,19149971,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Tossey,"I'm a fan of both Game of Thrones and Telltale in general, but this time they have taken it a step to far.The game feels extremly linear destpite the fact that they advertise it as a ""choice driven"" game. Besides from this the story is quite poor. In the begining it feels like you get a chance to impact on the rise or fall of a minor House in the Game of Thrones universe. Though after a while you realise that no matter what you do the bad guys screws you over. It feels pointless to continue. The worst part of it all is, as I mentioned above, that the game doesn't have an ending. The ""ending"" is just a badly made cliffhanger to make you buy their next game.So take my advice and save your money for something else."
76561198025898243,Not Recommended,330840,24190281,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Reiz,Terrible ending. No matter what you do it ends horribly. I endured all the pain during the storyline. I always thought that if I can endure enough; I'll get some satisfaction in the end from the story. But NO. You feel pain from begining to end. The ending is completely horible.
76561198024248964,Not Recommended,330840,19140770,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Can'tStopWinning,A perfect example of the illusion of choice with one of the most unsatisfactory sequel baiting endings I have ever seen.
76561198034855252,Not Recommended,330840,19137269,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,ASSUMING_DIRECT_CONTROL,"A Spoiler Free Review:As a story driven game, a lot is riding on Telltale to pull off an engaging and ultimately satisfying story. They did so with mixed results. Early parts of the game are compelling, but the story fizzles out in the final two episodes. There are FAR too many major plotlines left unresolved at end game. As a self-contained story this game completely fails, and that's the most disappointing thing: there is enough story here to bring closure AND keep the player enticed for a sequal.Instead we need to wait a year and pay another US$20 for season 2. Unless you are a hardcore 'Game Of Thrones' fan, I don't think this game has much value to it. If you're interested, wait for a sale.Additional Spoiler Free Thoughts:In playing the ensemble cast of House Forrester you are presented with choices that are supposedly important, but typically do not result in much more than an extra line of dialogue later in the game. Your pick between being bold or clever rarely results in much variation to the core story. In other words, despite your pick of options the same results will happen no matter what. X person is angry with you, Y figure accuses you of a crime, etc.And as a final thought, the 'traitor' sub-plot was very poorly done, and in some cases becomes self-contradictory."
,Recommended,330840,32124283,Posted: 2 June,all,[1Z]RaeBaer,"as a game of thrones fan i felt i must give this game a go.it started up slow but once you get further into the episodes you will love it.best ""people manipulator simulator"" ever!"
,Not Recommended,330840,26531574,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Scrubius Maximus IV,option A-B-C and D will get you killed. decent story if you like getting nowhere at the price of everything..
,Recommended,330840,23917462,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,izzybellau,"Honestly, I understand why so many people are giving this game a bad wrap. The choices that you make really dont mean much until perhaps the final hour, but even then I can only think of maybe 3 choices in this entire game that may actually effect anthing.However, to just leave it at that and call this game a failure is overlooking the game's saving grace. That is, this game left me feeling every emotion I was meant to feel: it made me hate characters what I was meant to hate and it made me cry by the end by my sheer attachment to the characters in this story. Heck, it even made me feel giddy the few times where things were going good (looking at you, Elena). This game made me think, several times in fact, ""this feels like Game of Thrones"", and as a person who has seen the entire series and owns all the books, I can say that that is a good thing.And yes, I know that the choices are practically insignificant. I was well aware of that going into this game, but whatever I expected was nothing like what I got: a damn good GoT experience. So, yes, I'll admit it: I have fallen in the false trap that Telltale oh so famously sets, a trap meant to make players believe that what they do is significant when in reality that couldn't be father from the truth. I admit it, and am able to move past that to see all that this game has to offer as a narrative experience that truly made me feel, and I would say that is well worth the price, especially on sale.Also, this game got me ♥♥♥♥ed up pretty bad. Real tears were shed."
,Not Recommended,330840,29587773,Posted: 30 January,all,Great Grand Soap,"Normally I recommend Telltale games, but not this one. Here's why:The art design of this game is still fantastic, the characters are still interesting and you want to feel invested in the story.Unfortunately Telltale has taken it to a whole new level of your choices not mattering in this game. 95% of the choices you make have no impact on the outcome of your game.It simply feels like you're riding on a train with a set collision course towards another train, and no matter what you do you can't change the direction you're heading. It also doesn't help that the game costs more than any other game because of licensing, and it's BY FAR the weakest of any Telltale game. Would not recommend..."
76561197993335697,Not Recommended,330840,28496239,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,P1rate,"*SPOILERS*I do not recomend this game because if you look apart from the fact that none of the choices you make affect what you want it to affect, the outcome of house Forrester and Ironrath, the writing and structure is♥♥♥♥♥♥After a couple episodes of ""oops your choices doesn't matter here's what's really going to happen"" I was just left with a feeling of helplessness. What the ♥♥♥♥ am I supposed to say or do that will make you do what I want? I can chose one line of dialogue that will make my character respond no where near what I expected or the character i'm speaking to will respond in some batshit way. How the ♥♥♥♥ am I supposed to know what i'm gonna say if the characters don't stay in character??And where is the ♥♥♥♥ing structure in the combat? is Q used for pushing? Parry? Block? Strike? Counterstrik? Or is it completely random because it seems like it. After 6 episodes I still wasn't sure what was what. And quit ♥♥♥♥ing tricking us! I replayed the last fight with Gryff like 7 times because I thought I was missing a quicktime event. But in reality Telltale didn't want us to make that ♥♥♥♥ing move. HOW THE ♥♥♥♥ WAS I SUPPOSED TO KNOW I COULDN'T MAKE THE MOVE IT TOLD ME TO MAKE??And how about more than three dialogue options and a silence. I like the silence it's a sure way for my character not to say anything stupid, because I find the writing so lacking sometimes. Often! I found Rodrik never really sounding like a measured calculating Lord. The way he was ♥♥♥♥ing described in game. Because I never felt in control in any of the convorsations. He always sounded apologetic, meek, or full of hot air. Never backing his words with force of the character I felt he should feel like. A man that drags himself from deaths door and never breaks. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ character development. Asher was fine I guess but his dialogue options were some of the worst. I always accidentaly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥of beshka and I couldn't ever say what I wanted because I had 3 badly written options and a silence. But why would I choose the silence on Asher, the merc with the mouth. The guy with the funny lines.HOW CAN YOU BUILD UP A WHOLE SEASON OF PROBLEMS AND NOT SOLVE ANY? So goddamn dissapointed. Ironrath was ♥♥♥♥ed, I still don't know what the ♥♥♥♥ the north grove does. Was it really necessary to shoehorn gregors ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s into the story? It's so ridiculous! And obviously based on Ned Stark in some way. And ♥♥♥♥ off with Ramsay. The plot-armor protected ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. So irritating not being able to do anything.And again the structure! Why would I care about a boring north grove when ♥♥♥♥ing Ironrath is under siege. And what the ♥♥♥♥ is even the point of Mira? I accomplished nothing and died. Albeit with my honour intact, but Sera and the coal boy were useless in the end. WAS THIS A MOVIE OR A GAME??I DO NOT RECOMEND THIS GAME. Telltale start making better games or i'm out. Also make better games graphically and start animating better. It looks ridiculously bad."
,Not Recommended,330840,20884689,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,"#Hastur, The King In Yolo","Honestly, this is the first Telltale game that has legitimately frustrated me with how painfully obvious it is that my choices mean absolutely nothing.You want to make a point and click game that has a story to tell me? That's absolutely fine. Sam and Max did it, Monkey Island did it, The Wolf Amoung Us, The Walking Dead Season 1, and Back To The Future all did it, and it worked out pretty damn fine.But, don't tell me that choices matter in the game when they all just bottleneck back to the same terrible things happening to you.Also, they called a Skin Changer a Warg. He was not a Warg, Wargs bond to wolves. All poodles are dogs but not all dogs are poodles.Just..another tiny detail that made me think they didn't exactly do their homework on this one, and were really just trying to cash in on the hype train of Game of Thrones. The seemingly endless tie ins and parallels to the show just seem really shoe-horned in, too, and further support this theory.And making a main antagonist of about half of the season be a character in the show that is completely without anyway of being defeated? Like, we know he's got plot armor, can you maybe stop dangling that♥♥♥♥♥♥in front of our faces, because it's frankly infruriating.Really, I love Telltale's stuff most of the time. Walking Dead season 1 is one of the few games that I've played that's actually brought me to tears, and that really speaks volumes about how strong the writing was in that game.By the end of Episode 6 of this game, however, I was like ""♥♥♥♥ it, I don't care what happens to these people, I'm going to die, anyway, I might as well make some terrible decisions and run this baby into the ground.""I feel like Telltale is better than this, and it's honestly the first game of theirs that I've played that has disappointed me."
,Not Recommended,330840,25680091,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,One KLAP man,Srsly ♥♥♥♥ this game...So incredibly sadistic where at every turn you have to grovel like a wimp and forego your dignity in order to survive.How is this pleasurable Telltale? WTF? It's like I'm actively participating in stabbing myself repeatedly in the groin(your choices don't ♥♥♥♥ing matter - same end result)Don't get me started on the ending... The most unsatisfying cliffhanger where all the plotlines are left dangling.The most unsatisfied I've felt with any game - ever.I'm guessing the point of this game was to finish having the most dignity?Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥right Telltale...
,Not Recommended,330840,19140183,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Sivek,"Meh, just not any good.  I've been a big fan of the book series for a long time and liked the first season of The Walking Dead and The Wolf Among Us, so I was interested to see how this would turn out but still had modest expectations based on season 2 of TWD and the end of TWAU.  Take note the game fully expects you to have knowledge of the series coming in and doesn't work well as a stand-alone experience.It has all the typical railroading you'd come to expect from a Telltale game and the writing and characters aren't good enough to counter it.  It tries to do too many things and ends up not doing any one thing particularly thing well.  It wants to make the the main cast important by having them meet up with a bunch of major characters from the source material and suffers from it since it feels so forced.  It tries to take a handle on the book POV style and have a bunch of viewpoint characters but you end up splitting a 90-minute episode between four different groups and none of them feel fleshed out.  The main cast is also supposed to be the not-Starks to a puzzling degree and would of been much better off with some personality.The visual style is really sub-par and character models are all over the place in quality.  There are jaggies everywhere and backgrounds and any type of detail work stands out in how poor they look.  I thought Telltale did a great job with TWAU  stylistically so it's disappointing to see them put out such a bland-looking and technically ugly game.It's still the same old Telltale engine and gameplay where you're going to be hitting q and e a lot with the occasional ""hold down the forward button to walk for five seconds"" segment.  No simple puzzles or anything.  Telltale also desperately needs to work a line-skipping function into their games.Finally, it's not a self-contained story and I'm sure a second season will be announced soon, so don't expect this game to serve as a stand-alone experience.  I probably won't bother since I have a lot of doubts whether Telltale is capable of any type of nuanced writing at this point.  Most of the game just feels like they're trying to get a reaction by having stuff happen.In short, Telltale's AGoT is more of  the same, but unlike their recent adaptions, AGoT expects you to have knowledge of the series coming in so it doesn't even work well as a potential attraction for non-fans.  A ""maybe"" purchase if you dig their narrative games and a not recommended if you're on the fence."
,Not Recommended,330840,19139116,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Rooz,"As I was playing through the early episodes, I felt that none of my decisions matter. What's worse, it didn't change by the end of the last episode. All of your choices are like choosing between shooting yourself in the leg or cutting your hand off. And if by chance a decision is not of this sort, you may be certain it's completely irrelevant and both options would lead to the same result.None of the decisions matter, really. You might as well draw straws for all of the dialogues and decisions to determine what you do - the result would be just the same."
,Not Recommended,330840,19139944,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Velo,"Don't buy this game. Your choices doesn't matter. This game only has one ending, if you can call that an ending, no matter what you do. No conclusion to any of the plot lines in an attempt to milk more money via second season."
,Not Recommended,330840,31322402,Posted: 23 April,all,Plerion,"Game is OK-ish, but I cannot recommend it in terms of narrative (which is THE point of the game). It stays close to the depressing style of the books/show, but with almost zero level of accomplishment. I find this approach perfectly viable in a written story, but not in a game where the player is the one pulling the strings, not the writer. In that regard, the cliffhanger at the end is not satisfactory by any stretch, when you finally figure out that many of the choices lead to nowhere but a bitter, (perhaps) inconclusive ending. I simply could not buy Telltale's neediness of creating drama through character failings and (so many) deaths while getting almost nothing in return (which does not happen with the original books/show).I hope this approach changes in season 2, if I ever buy it."
76561198026426206,Recommended,330840,13562819,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Ranhsa,"As a game of Thrones Fan I really enjoyed the first instalment. Even though many decisions you make have little to no effect on the outcome of the scene the feeling of control over what happens, even if it's all an illusion, is done really well. The characters are well developed and flushed out well.The people complaining about the cost compared to The Tablet Price. The Phone version is only for the first episode. You have to pay 5$ per episode. This one is the complete season including all episodes."
76561198021409204,Not Recommended,330840,19149965,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Griver,"Are you ♥♥♥♥ING KIDDING ME?After all I went through in this game, after all the choices and Dialog, after all the MEANINGLESS Choices and DULL Dialog I had to sit through, TTG wont even give me a proper ENDING?Spiler alert: the game ends on a ♥♥♥♥ing Cliffhanger.NOTHING GETS RESOLVED!I stood wit TTG since The Walking Dead, but this is junst unexcuseable"
76561198089653806,Not Recommended,330840,20501760,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Slaughterhouse-Five,"I love the games made by Telltale and I have played quite a few. I am also a big fan of the Song of Ice and Fire, I really am. But this story was a bit over the top. You might enjoy it if you are a true emotional masochist, because plainly put it is a story of downfall of a single Westerosi house. Nothing more, nothing less. Things get from bad to worse. People die. Physical and psychological torture goes rampant in every chapter. Every turn of the plot is teeming with helplessness and despair. And no, it does not get better. Ever. Basically all that the player is left with are grim choices, which of the characters are going to be butchered next; are they going to be hit in the face a little or a lot; and how much they are going to be humiliated morally. Sometimes you don’t get to choose at all, but they still pass away in the most horrible ways. No matter what you do, everything just goes to hell anyway, leaving you with the feelings of helplessness, anger and frustration throughout the game. You can guess the ending. It’s stark (pun intended), despite all expectations to see at least a glimmer of hope. Oh, and there is a huge cliffhanger at the end, so don't expect the feeling of resolution and relief that should be there once you finish the game.Some of the script solutions made by the Telltale writers are also very questionable. SPOILERS AHEAD.I know Ramsey Snow is a psychopath, but murdering a vassal lord in front of everyone? Isn’t that a bit too much even for the likes of Ramsey? The argument behind the family traitor line is extremely weak – “you ruined the house through your weakness, so I have decided to ruin it even further through my plotting”, as Royland put it. Really, Royland? And Daenerys, refusing to help Asher for killing one slave master even though he had helped secure the city. Is that a fair deal?All too often you can feel the characters are being deliberately cornered so they would HAVE to make the tough choices in the next chapter.The controls are crappy. The mouse cursor moves with a delay, which makes it difficult to select the right answer within the limited timeframe. Moreover, the time starts running out BEFORE the other character finishes speaking. There were so many times I had to reload the game because I selected the wrong answer due to the floating cursor. The controls in the fighting scenes are hard to grasp too. Sometimes the fight just goes on, and sometimes you are required to press a random key at random moments. Sometimes pressing a key before the icon on the screen disappears fails to produce any results. I just don’t get it. The system has to be more precise. Or is it made to frustrate players like everything else in the game? It could be considered a great success then.I guess the only thing that was really nice were the familiar and memorable voices of the characters from the TV series performed by the same actors. Applause for that.My overall impression of the game was very mediocre. The controls have been poor in all the games of Telltale, but the writing has been mostly good or great. Still you can’t keep beating the dead horse of dark worlds, tough moral choices and bad endings. It gets predictable and boring. I doubt that making the scripts even darker and hopeless – like they did with Game of Thrones – is the right path."
,Not Recommended,330840,23231612,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Yoshikage Kira,"So far, this game has been a mildly stressful experience. Not that I am really invested in the story or the decisions I've made thus far, but just the fact that this game seems to not give you much of a resolution in the long run. I am well aware that the television show does favor relentless brutality of killing off characters, but here the set up is just peculiar. The game opens up with several subplots similar to that of the television show, and introduces several houses of characters completely native to this game. So far, I've grown really attached to the Forrester family, but I should know better because, it goes south from there! Some other chracters from the television show give fans that warm fuzzy feeling of confort or discomfort based on whether or not you have read the books or followed the show. What irritates me is how they put your chracter in situations where you would think you can create an outcome parallel to that of the show seeing how some involve already established chracters. The problem is that the writers did not agree and make it seemingly impossible for you to create a new possibility to change the direction of the series. In other words, your decisions arefutile. That's right! Not one of these serious choices you make benefits that story all that much seeing how the game ends with a resounding cliffhanger that seems unwaranted. I also don't appreciate how in some hostile encounters where the dialogue decisions take place you have little to no time to react. I feel like other games made by TellTale had a much nicer pace and narrative to their stories. Here, it feels rushed and I tend to forget specific details that are not brought up again until the next episode becuase there is so much going on at once. My friend and I played through one of the episodes and interacted with this one character where he wanted to show her up by shooting a rabbit with a bow and arrow. The game didn't give him my time to adjust his shot since the controls completely changed up on him but having him hold down the left mouse button and release. The graphics are about on the same level as The Walking Dead games, but that's its only saving grace. Hardcore fans of the books and/or television show will get some entertainment out of the dialogue and interactions with the show's characters, but even then it is not enough for me to recommend anyone this game."
,Not Recommended,330840,22316796,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,MisterBlister,"Nihilistic without the charm and humor that often offsets the same in the TV series and books, it's a game that seems so beholden to the idea of ""Anybody can die and the good guys don't always win"" that it becomes relentlessly grim and a chore to play.It's a shame since as a game the choices do actually seem to have more impact than Telltale's games usually do, even if the plot still follows the same broad strokes.  But even the promising storylines (Mira's in particular) end up falling foul of the same,""Everything is bad forever"" pitfalls.If you absolutely have to have more Game of Thrones in your life or just can't wait for the next book/season of the show it might scratch that itch, but otherwise this isn't a game I'd particularly recommend, if only because of how much better it could have been."
76561198063204978,Not Recommended,330840,13219606,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Theitus,"the story for this ""game"" is incredible, but calling it a game is just wrong, not for a lack of action, but for a general lack of consequence. you could choose what ever dialogue option you would like and it doesnt make a difference; the story will proceed the same way every time. which actually makes it more like an interactive story set in an alternate universe that you could easily just watch on youtube and save yourself 30 bucks. the story is great, but this has left me feeling like i did after the red wedding.. duped, betrayed, taken advantage off, and generally♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off... DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,330840,16620023,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Dom_,"Played it through about 18 times, It's ok."
76561198025396121,Not Recommended,330840,20102056,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,BadRatz,Poor writing and a glaring lack of choice make this game hard to recommended to even Telltale or Game of Thrones fans.
,Recommended,330840,32889531,Posted: 27 June,all,popeye,"As a Game of Thrones fan, I liked the game. I just cant help it but to adore the world, the characters and the actors.As a Telltale Games fan though, I find it too lienear. None of your actions actually matter. It all comes down to the same results, which makes me sad and dissapointed. I was looking forward to a complicated adventure game with lots of different, tough and diverse choices, but the product I got, was nothing but a mini series. It's just wasted pontential.That being said, if you love the show and don't need a great Telltale, buy it on sale. If you don't like the show, well, why have you been reading this in the first place?"
,Not Recommended,330840,25698306,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Tiger,Wow!I was bored to death towards the end.Seriously If I could I would kill every main character at the beginning just to be over with the story. I love the TV show but this was a complete waste of my time.Hope the other telltale games are better because from episode 3 I  was rolling my eyes so hard every 5 minutes that I passed out a few times.Hope they don't plan a sequel to this.5 out of Life is Strange
76561198035191745,Not Recommended,330840,19136519,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Skeptischism,Consistently bad writing and the entire game ends on cliffhangers.
,Not Recommended,330840,19152057,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,racegate,buy tales from the borderlands instead
76561198024404718,Not Recommended,330840,18403819,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,SingingPipes,"The stories you play through are an interesting addition to the World of Ice and Fire lore. True to Game of Thrones' culture, you are faced with impossible and painful choices that can lead to unexpected outcomes. While the story itself is interesting, the choices you make do not seem to change anything in the game (as others have noted). Additionally, it has been quite some time since the latest episode has been released, leaving me wondering why I paid for a half-finished game. Hopefully the reason it's taking so long is that Telltale wants the next episode to be much better than the previous ones, though I doubt that will happen. Overall, this has been the least engaging Telltale game I've played.In sum, this is not a must-buy game. If you really love Game of Thrones and are willing to spend the money, then why not? If you're not a huge GoT fan or are expecting something as engaging as The Walking Dead or Tales from the Borderland, don't buy this game."
,Recommended,330840,14321013,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Wastelander,"""You ♥♥♥♥ potatoes?"" - Gared Tuttle, 2015"
,Recommended,330840,13207712,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Kira,"Absolutely phenomenal!I had high expectations for this game and in the span of two hours, they exceeded them all.The last few mins of the episode left me shocked at how far Telltale goes to maintain the A song of fire and ice quality.I have nothing but praise for this game.Deep realized original characters, excellent cameos from characters from the show who are even voiced by the actors on the show. The game centers around an interesting story which has all the makings of George RR Martins' master class of writing.Ramsay Snow is particularly menacing here.If you are a fan of Game of Thrones, it is a must buy.If you are a fan of Telltale games, its still worth checking out but be warned the game does have massive spoilers for the third season of the show.I would give this first episode a 10/10 for setting up the rest of the season in spectacular fashion.The wait for the next episode will be excruciatingly slow for me."
,Not Recommended,330840,13207967,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Chooseday,"I have played through the entire first episode and so far, from what i can tell, this game seems to be linear, and choices don't appear to change the course of the game very much at all. The ending was extremely disappointing for me.Keep in mind this is just the first episode, so it may get better, however based off my first impressions i wouldn't recommend purchasing this game, atleast not until it is in a sale in the distant future anyway."
76561197971682615,Recommended,330840,14042094,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,DiscoJacen,"""Stays true to the original material"".... Defenetly.It almost feels as if George is right there punching you in the stompch himself! Great job Telltale,"
,Not Recommended,330840,19355962,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Jason,"To sum the game up in a few words *Spoilers*The choices don't matter, the bad guys win, and the end."
,Not Recommended,330840,20754246,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Kafqa,"Literallynothingyou do matters. You're gettin' screwed over and over again, even if you're playing good and making no mistakes. I wouldn't recommend buying this game for more than five bucks, or spending too much time with it. What a shame."
76561198044580554,Not Recommended,330840,20526159,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Ocyterin,The only real choice that matters for this storied mess is weather you should buy this game. Don't. I cant even reccommend watching a lets play of it. Most of the choices made do not matter in regards to outcomes and only serve as dialog pieces. The patronising nature of dialog from characters before and after choosing anything gets infuriating close to the 5th episode as it is clear that nothing will change the course of the stories inevitable outcome.The game looks as polished as the choice system. A lot of visual problems occur which makes me believe that no care was given to the game at any stage.
76561198002576694,Not Recommended,330840,20116897,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Lets_'ave_sum_Fun,"The choices you make don't feel like they matter at all.The game could best be described as a train on a track, where the choices just decide the color of the wagon.Replayability is low. 99% of the choices you make differently yield the same results, almost no difference in response or consequences. You can often try to not kill someone for example, but the game will force you to do that anyway. Or find another way to make it your fault. VERY frustrating!"
76561198071150894,Recommended,330840,29938654,Posted: 15 February,all,TyrianRay,"I came here expecting to find loads of positive reviews and what i find is this.Seems like playing the game of thrones(not the videogame, the fight for the iron throne is what i mean) is actually too hard on most people. What I dont get is how you would give it a bad review for that since quite frankly i think thats what it is supposed to be.the art of the game is beautiful. Yes sure the graphics arent top notch, but what this game offers in terms of visuals just works perfectly for it. Characters look realistic, the way they act fits and they have so many little changes that can make up their expressions it adds up to a very realistic display of human interaction. Sometimes facial expressions can seem a bit odd or don't seem to fit 100% but it doesnt break immersion really. They did a great  job here in the end.music fits well. not much i would remember as especially brilliant but it really works with the game. voice actors did great, really. and one song that is sung in the game really reminded me of what the national singing ""the rains of castamere"" made me feel like at the end of one of the seasons of the show. awesome.now the gameplay is a lot harder to judge. people complain your choices dont matter in a game that is all but made up of decision making and i find myself disagreeing. I don't know even know one game that ever had me believe desicions made by the player had great influenze on the games outcome. this is not what this game is about. whoever read some of the books knows what playing the game of thrones comes down to in the very end. this game is in my opinion not about changing the game with your decisions. its about experiencing what its like to be forced to make the decisions. it makes you feel helpless, desperate even sad. it is rather realistic. as some mentioned here you mostly decide between bad and worse but it feels great when you understand you made a really hard decision knowing it would change almost nothing at all but knowing why you made the decision, what it meant to you and your character. the game sometimes even gives you immediate feedback on your decisions, which i admit can surely be seen as a bad point, but it also gave me a clear view of what im playing for. the illusion is, if you let yourself be drawn in, quite brilliant and entertains me to no end.Another thing needs to be said about the QTS you find throughout the game along with the decison making. I have to say they felt a lot better playing with a gamepad so i encourage you to try that. all in all i do enjoy them. the way i see it you can really feel good completing a ""stage"" with perfect QTS, knowing you didnt mess up really feels great in the end. and more importantly they make up one of the solid pillars which hold the games foundation: Story, Immersion by choosing and interaction.In the end i have to agree you might probably end up confused and not invested enough in the game if you do not know the books (or at least the show). One example is a reference to a past event you can choose to make during the game that is not explained by the game itself, more or lessing stripping you off one of 4 possible answers as you just dont have any clue what effect it might possibly have on the game.TL;DR:great visuals that work brilliantly with the game while not being up to todays standards in terms of graphic. Pleasant music thats supports the rich story and atmosphere and good voice acting. entertaining while also unusal kind of gameplay if you know what your playing. probably less fun/satisfying for people who dont know the books/show. Using gamepad recommended."
76561198069659704,Not Recommended,330840,35081762,Posted: 20 September,all,Max Doge,"An extremely disappointing game with deceptive and misleading marketing. They promised the players the ability to make choices and decide the fate of the protagonists but we cannot make any meaningful choices whatsoever, their fates have already been decided by the devs before the game even starts, they only present you with the illusion of choice. The only choices that you get to actually make are minor and irrelevant and by the time you've realized that it's far too late for a refund of your money and your time.This game is basically a linear cutscene story that's occasionally interrupted by quicktime events. And you're probably not going to enjoy the story at all, because of 2 main reasons. First, the story itself is not original because your protagonist house (the Foresters) is modeled after the Starks so everything will seem very familiar and unoriginal, lazy writing at its best. Second of all **SPOILER ALERT UNTIL THE END OF THIS PARAGRAPH**, the game much like the show itself follows the same ""dark fantasy recipe"" which means that it will use cheap tricks to try and get you to care about your characters and protagonists just so it can shock and hurt you later when they inevitably get brutally murdered. Rinse and repeat. Because of that there is no such thing as a ""good ending"" in this game, there is only bad and worse. I actually mean that, for me the game finished with a scene of my head being chopped off. The end.So no, I cannot recommend this game to anyone else, not even to the fans of the show. It's no surprise that there was never a sequel to this game and I hope there never will be. The only good thing in the game is the fact that you get to interact with popular characters from the show because they were involved in the voice acting work and they've done great, but the game needed a lot more than that to be considered good."
,Not Recommended,330840,30203250,Posted: 26 February,all,AliinaEmilia,"The first time I played the game, I really enjoyed it. Butttt when I played for the second time, I realized that the choices are mostly cosmetic and have no influence. So yeah, pretty disappointing."
76561198022198249,Not Recommended,330840,19135728,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Shia | Sheroxin,"As brilliant as Tales from the Borderlands, Finale was as terrible was game of Thrones Finale.In the entire ""Season"" there was only one moment where I thought ""yes finally something is going fine and feels well""******************************************SPOILER+++ALERT***********************************************************************************************************************************************************************this was the moment when I seized Gryff in the Great Hall.But as sudden as this moment came as sudden was it gone again.-The whole North Grove Thing gives me nothing. What should be so important about it? There wasn't enough time to explain it to me. Whats so special about a secret forest where some ?Zombies? controlled by blood magic live.-In Kings Landing, I did not kill the Lanister Soldier but still get accused/punished for doing so.-Margaery tells me to tell to the Queen what she wants to hear, If I do so Margeary blames me?! WTFMaybe It were my poor choices. But except that one moment I mentioned earlier I never felt satisfied by what the game presented me.The ending was terrible, I have no clue why I should buy the next season If there even will be one.Will Gared come south with ~7 Men and a polar bear to face the ~50 Whitehills? Makes no sence (Why should I have stood in the North Grove? There was nothing special for me except the two ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s of Lord Forrester who accompanied me southwards)Will Rodrik live or will he die in the next few seconds? What will he do? The Whitehills have Eleana. So there are no allies left.Ryon is with Beshka, what will they do?`I can't find a possible Solution for it.In my opinion they had to kind of rush it to meet some deadlines, otherwise I can't explain the heavy logic errors, like- Why did Ethan has had to name a Sentinel when becoming Lord but Rodrik did not.- Why is the lanister guard dead and I fet hunted for it if I did not kill him and threw the dagger away.- Why is there no solution for Garred to stay with the Nights Watch, at least until the attack on    crasters ceepBUT in defence of the game I have to say, That I had fun with it, it entertained me well, especially the Song from Talia was brilliant It gave me shivers and I was wondering how the story would continue at least until the finale, which was really poor in my opinion.All in all I must say that I'm disapointed by the game, maybe my expectations were to high, but normally Telltale gives us awesome storys.I'm kind of torn, some Episodes were great and others were really poor.But maybe I'ts kind of a curse with bringing Game of Thrones into a game, I have not yet seen a good one.If I have the rate it from 1 to 10, I'd give I't a 7/10 if you leave the finale out.If you want to count that in and rate it as a ""whole"" I'd rate it 5/10 because the finale was really really poor.Maybe if there will be a second Season everything will get explained and finds a nice ending, but as it is today it's a tragic (doesn't have to be something bad) story that has no round ending and some terrible logic issues as well as some things we simply do not know enough of to know what it could mean or what it is about.The Story wasn't the least bit of finished. And it took them about halfe a Year for this last Episode? I don't understand it.BUT if you like Game of Thrones and you want to see something more of what the TV-Show and the books explain and you like the lore, then I can recomend it to you, but be warned, you may be dissapointed afterwards, but you'll see a intresting Story. Even if it is not finished.I'm sorry Telltale, as much as i loved Tales from the Borderlands, as much am I dissapointed with Game of Thrones."
,Not Recommended,330840,24013438,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,AMND,"By the time I reach the final chapter, I can no longer try to immerse myself in the illusion that my choices actually matter. All attempts to make good choices are immediately shot down in the most convoluted manner. Looks like Telltale is also making the common mistake of thinking that the concept of ""anyone can die"" in ASOIAF means that baddies get to be invincible and all hopes of righting things are in vain!"
,Not Recommended,330840,25815459,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,davidspackage,"Telltale's stab at Game of Thrones is a very frustrating experience. The characters you play are almost exclusively in a position where every choice is a wrong one, and characters around you beat you down and laugh in your face. I get that this is A) because that's supposed to mirror the moral realism of the Game of Thrones books and TV show and B) it allows the story to happen in-universe without making any waves in the canon. But the simple fact of the matter is that it doesn't make for an enjoyable game.Having played the game and watched others play through it, it's clear that your choices don't really matter - the game will get railroaded along the same path, just with little bits cut out or included. It includes Telltale's stock method of introducing two equally sympathetic and equally unreasonable friendly characters between whom you'll be forced to choose. The game can appear very lifeless due to an oddly bare soundscape - music is unremarkable (in stark contrast to the TV show) and many scenes seem to lack sound effects. A few of the show's actors have been recruited to reprise their roles in the game, but most of them perform as if either they or the voice acting director was half asleep. Lastly, the story builds up to absolutely nothing aside from a vague promise of a sequel.If you've played a few Telltale games then the formula has become very obvious, and much as I enjoyed their earlier works, it's made me very wary of buying new titles from them. This one just wasn't any fun."
,Not Recommended,330840,22835325,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Chewie,"I’m writing this review from the perspective of a fan of the Game of Thrones Series (I’m current on the show and books), and a first time player of a Telltale Game.Let me start off with what I liked about the game.  I need to give them props for not cheaping out on the voice acting.  The game has some main characters from the show, and they are voiced by the real actors.  Those characters being Tyrion and Cersei Lannister, Jon Snow, Margaery Tyrell, Daenerys Targaryen, and Ramsay Bolton.  It’s fun getting to interact with the familiar characters, and the game does a good job of recreating the personalities of each one, with the exception of possibly Margaery who seemed pretty bland.Regarding the gameplay, it’s a Telltale game so the gameplay is obviously very decision/story based.  The game follows 4 plot lines, all of different members of House Forrester (Bannermen of House Stark).  The different settings being King’s Landing, Ironrath (the seat of House Forrester), The Wall, and Meereen.  Although there are 4 separate plot lines, they all have a similar goal in mind, which is to save House Forrester.  As I played through the first few episodes, I was given the false impression that what I did in one storyline would affect another.  But after awhile I began to realize the 4 story lines are very separate, and very linear.  But I still had hopes that at the end, the 4 paths would converge and the decisions I made on each path would affect how good the ending would be for me.  That however was not at all the case.  Only 2 of stories come together at the end and guess what... what I did in both didn’t really matter.Regarding the plot, the reason I and many others love GoT, is because it doesn’t always have a cookie cutter happy ending, and it keeps us guessing.  That being said, GRRM knows that there needs to be a balance of highs and lows so that you appreciate each one as they come.  But this game dwells in the lows from the get go, and you are only ever given the occasional ounce of hope before it is immediately crushed.  At the end of the game I was left feeling that through all my efforts, I had accomplished absolutely nothing.  And worse, there was nothing I could have done about it.Tl;dr: “Game of Thrones - Telltale” where the plot is super depressing and the decisions don’t matter."
,Not Recommended,330840,13553395,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Omegilla,"Preface: My binary negative recommendation that is the only choice Steam allows is not meant to say this game does not have things to offer; only that I feel it does have several failings on what its promised to us as consumers.I will firstly state as well this is the first (Technicly second, I've also purchased Telltale's borderlands which came out just previously, less then a month ago from the date this was released and to which I have similar feelings in regards to this game.) Telltale game I've played and thus I cannot say I am entirely familiar if this has been the trend with all Telltale games so far, or if this is something new, so take that for what you will.This game promises player choice on a meaningful level. Above all this is supposedly the staple to Telltale. You can enjoy the story of this game, I would say, and it is certainly something for those initiated in the world of ""A Song of Ice and Fire"" would like, and you really have to be initiated to understand. For example, the reveal of attending the Red Wedding creates some cinematic dread  at the start of things. But back to the point, choice. Its something alot of games like to promise and most of them fail to provide. Telltales falls into that percentile of games that fail to do so. But not just simple failure. The illusion of choice is a very thin veil in this game.So thin that by the end of the Squire's story I already felt as though I were seeing past the veil. You can tell by how the events play out that there is really only one way things can really go. One of the very first choices you make as the Squire is, infact, entirely pointless. I won't say what the choice is, but it will, I assure anyone who reads this, that it will not matter.And if you haven't seen past the veil by the end of this first episode, which would be surprisingly ignorant of anyone I think, you will get it by the end, as you cannot avoid the ending the game gives you. Which is odd, because probably some of the most seemingly important choices are made with the character on whom this ending concerns. Yet nothing is altered with it.And that is truly the darkest betrayal of a game like this, promising you to be given the chance to be a Gamer of Thrones. As someone who has read all the books before the TV series kicked off, theres nothing more that I wanted then to have a chance to step into this ring to make a change. And anyone whos watched the TV show would get the same desire too. And this game based in this world, promising to be a game of meaningful choices is promising just that, and wiht this first episode it has dropped the ball in my opinion.And considering the fact that this game offers nothing else then dialogue to choose and QTEs, your left really with little. The story is enjoyable to follow and with the hope of improvement with future episodes I would say I will follow this rabbit hole to its pit, but for others who have yet to buy but are interested in the prospect, I would say wait. If I could go back in time with this knowledge, I would personally wait for this. Read reviews of the series as a whole and if its good, then I'd buy, or even if its still just the same as this first episode, I'd buy on the eventual steep discount that would arise at some point, because the story will no doubt still be worth it all.With all said and done this wasn't an unenjoyable ride but it fails to keep its promises so far with only the hope things will improve. And considering the fact the book series itself is not even finished, I feel that even if Telltale wanted to offer more impacting choices, it simply couldn't be done. This is still a world Martin has not finished even writing. And with that fact alone, I have to wonder if this game was a mistake to try and make."
76561197984400523,Not Recommended,330840,25219257,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Scott McG,"Well...that was disappointing.I just finished ""playing"" through this. This, like all TellTale games, is more an interactive story and a real game. I've played ""The Walking Dead"" and I also have ""Batman"".This, however, was just frustrating and left me feeling it was a pointless journey. The few choices one has are all so negative. SO many people die, it is almost to the point of being a parody of a GRRM novel.It had some great moments and elements, but overall, I cannot recommend it, especially with such a weak ending and no further chapters in sight."
,Not Recommended,330840,26049076,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,DeathSpank,"It`s just bad. Even if you fan of books and GoT series or Telltale games overall, dont bother to play this one. It`s not worth your 12 hours and your money. Iam really love ""Walking Dead"" games, ""Wolf Among Us"" and beautiful ""Tales from Borderlands"", but this game is nothing like them, trust me. Or don`t and find it your way (probably the hard one)."
76561198070849013,Recommended,330840,13541141,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Hoseph from up the road a ways,"This is (in my opinion) Telltales most ambitious project to date, and while it can feel a bit unfocused by switching back and forth between all these characters, it still manages to give us an engaging story, interesting characters, and some of the hardest choices of any telltale game to date. And without giving anything awway, it has without a doubt, the most shocking and suspensful cliffhanger since the Walking Dead episode 4. I'm dead serious!!!Pros:-interesting characters.-engaging story.-Incredibly difficult decisions.-One hell of a cliffhanger!!!Cons:-Can feel a bit unfocused at times.P.S.: This game is made for hardcore GoT fans."
76561197995013469,Not Recommended,330840,29738810,Posted: 6 February,all,Michaelus,"TL;DR Recommended only for Game of Thrones and/or Telltale Games fans.Main points:1. It isn't a game as per all TtG titles, it is an interactive novel with some not so good QTEs.2. Your choices are purely cosmetical, they don't matter. The game blatantly lies in your face, as per all other TtG titles. They give you an illusion and it works, especially in GoT world where choices of minor characters are of little to no influence in the grand scheme of things and against much better positioned players like Cersei, Tyrion, Ramsay or Margaery.3. QTEs are somewhat annoying, there's too little time to react sometimes, unless you know beforehand - replaying the sequence when your char dies.4. Writing is OKish if you are into GoT world, otherwise it's rather poor. Without GoT background it doesn't make much sense either.5. Graphics and sounds fit the TtG style, no complaints here. Nothing spectacular either.6. Controller recommended, for me it's unplayable with kb+m.I like this product despite its flaws, but I am GoT and TtG fan and I accept the convention as it is. But if you are looking for a real game and want your choices to really matter, look elsewhere >> e.g. Bioware games."
76561197989374049,Not Recommended,330840,20726265,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Depressio_the_clown,"As a fan of GoT, I thought I would enjoy this one as I enjoyed The Walking Dead (1-2) and The Wolf Among Us. Sadly, I tried to finish it as fast as possible to end the pain. I just can't find anything positive about this game..."
,Not Recommended,330840,20708280,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Bub,"This game had a grip of me at the start, but left me shaking my head in disappointment. There were alot of moments that lacked explanation and logic completely, conversations that lacked responses and actions that would be so obviously fitting. I believe Telltale went way above their head with this game, it's like they went fully with the ""every enjoyable character in GoT dies"" niche. I felt completely unrewarded, the story had such potential but Telltale failed to deliver.Telltale failed aswell to release episodes on time, and giving the players no explanations at all for the delay. Players were forced to wait so long between episodes that you had forgotten and lost interest when they finally managed to release the new episode.VERY promising start, VERY disappointing end. 5/10, i regret giving Telltale money for this product."
76561198065874719,Not Recommended,330840,20740228,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Papa Carter,"As a huge fan of the show and the books, I was actually very disappointed with this game. Let me start simple. For a game that's so heavily emphasized on how your choices matter, they really don't. The bad guys always prevail (and I know that's really how it is in the show) but it's still ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Spoiler alert: when it gave me the choice to stab Ramsey or not, I had to choose not to because I knew that absolutely nothing would happen because he's alive in the show. For a telltale game, this game seriously lacks in story. For example, 85% of the characters that get killed off seemed like they were barely thought out. This game had alot of cheap deaths in it. Now lets get on to graphics. I can count more than 10 times that I have seen either really bad graphics, or just something completely broken. And before I have somebody climb up my♥♥♥♥♥saying ""oh it's a telltale game, graphics/gameplay isnt the point"" just hear me out. There have been numerous times where I have seen floating swords, sheathes with no swords in them (like when the gold cloaks are walking around) or just stuff that is seriously out of place or just broken. Telltale really dropped the ball on this one. I still enjoyed the game, but there are so many things that were incredibly frustrating still."
76561198017802813,Not Recommended,330840,19145896,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Captain Badass!,episode 6 is♥♥♥♥♥
76561198041736822,Not Recommended,330840,20115089,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,BOT Mark,"Anger and depression simulator 2015.Choose whatever you want, the poor guy's gonna die anyways."
,Not Recommended,330840,18464776,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Ellyria,"At this time, although episode 6 has not come out yet, I can't in good conscience recommend this game.Do you love Game of Thrones/A Song of Ice and Fire? Hey, me too! Wouldn't you love to immerse yourself in the lore and roleplay as characters in said world, especially since your GoT D&D group has conflicting schedules and can never meet... damn you guys! *shakes fist* Ahem, anyway, if you want those things, this may or may not be the game for you. Telltale got the tone right and the voice actors are wonderful, but that's about it.You play as members of House Forrester, who are basically Bargin Bin Starks. They have the potential to be interesting, but too often I catch many similarities between Forrester and Stark (Lady Forrester being the biggest offender, she's practically Carbon Copy Catelyn. Ryon is like Rickon, who is the extra kid that serves no purose. And there's Gared Tuttle, who reminds me a lot of Jon Snow.) Of them all, I enjoyed playing as Gared, Ethan, and, to a lesser extent, Mira.My biggest issue with Mira's story is that half the time she seems smart and the other half she's made to be stupid. I get that she's no Varys or Littlefinger, but the girl has no sense of tact or wit. She discovers something and two seconds later she's forced to confront someone with said discovery and does so with complete lack of subtlety. For example,when you find out about Lyman Lannister, you go straight to him and tell him about how Andros betrayed him. Lyman confronts Andros and then Andros confronts Mira. You know what would have been better? An anonymous letter or getting someone else to tell Lyman. Telltale has Mira play 'the game of thrones' very poorly.As with any game rich in choices, sometimes I found myself wishing for better options. Like at a certain point as Mira, you can either lie or tell the truth to your friend's possible betrothed about her family, but there is no third neutral option (and the possible third option is handwaved as 'tell me the truth, no waffling', even though it IS true and you're forced to choose between honesty and duplicity). The game is littered with situations where I wondered why I didn't get an (in my opinion) obvious option that fits the world, especially having read the books/watched the show.But what does that matter? Absolutely nothing, because your choices don't matter.Ethan dies even if you submit to or defy Ramsey. Roderick beds Elaena if you're cold to her or receptive. Gared is going to be executed and has to desert the Night's Watch, loyal or not. Mira always loses favour with Margaery. There's always a traitor in House Forrester.The list goes on and on. All your choices are basically window dressing and (as of episode 5) don't affect anything in the long run. It's 'the illusion of choice', not real choice. It is possible for a game to force you to play out the main story 'on rails', but still have your choices be impactful, but GoT is not one of those games.The story has the potential to be good. Unfortunately, House Forrester is constantly shoved into the dirt again and again, no matter what you do. Everything seems hopeless and bleak and made me a bit depressed. Small victories would be nice and keep the player optimistic that House Forrester will pull through. As of right now, it seems like we're being led to a deus ex machina resolution that will be pulled out of thin air minutes before the end. I'm not cool with that."
76561197995369485,Not Recommended,330840,20607856,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Substance,"More garbage from Telltale. It can pretty much pass of as in interactive comic, where all you do is choose options to progress the story. The ""gameplay"" has hardly any meat to it at all. The life or death choice you are forced to make in Episode 5 pretty much sealed the deal. I was getting tired of watching conversation after conversation, but forcing me to kill either one of the 2 better characters was the final nail. Never Again."
76561197961244334,Not Recommended,330840,20625383,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Smokess,"The family deserves what it gets, they are all whiny♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Never been so aggravated when playing a game.Your options are only ever1. Cry and moan about being weak2. Helplessly watch family members get slaughtered3. Suck off random evil lord and then cry about being weak4. DieMount and Blade Bannerlords cant come soon enough."
,Recommended,330840,19931755,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,MarcosFelipe94,"This is the true Game of Thrones, play this and you will feel like being the character too like in the books and the TV show.10/10 - everyone who like GoT should play this in my opinionObs: If you buy it, only play after you watched The Rains of Castamere episode of Season 3.Winter is coming..."
,Not Recommended,330840,19326875,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Scarab,"Telltale has created a game true to the heart of the show and almost equally disappointing to experience. The plot is illogical and full of holes; the characters frequently pull random 180s; their actions have no motivation; and nothing good ever happens - the sole theme is ""if you think this has a happy ending, you haven't been paying attention."" The story's sole strength is its modelling ability of ""How not to write a story.""Unfortunately, the gameplay is no better. The heart of the gameplay is the ""choice"" system but the choices are never organic. Situations are horribly contrived to force in a choice but it's clear your choice will hold no meaning. Your characters discover an ambush and you must choose a strategy to counter it? Fear not! You character will walk blindly into the ambush completely unaware no matter what you do! The game offers little gameplay beyond this, except a endless series of dreadful quicktime events.The final episode was (fortunately) incredibly short and offered no resolution to anything, but a series of cliffhangers for season 2. But it's hard to find a reason to care what happens to any of the characters. The story's complete drivel and the game just isn't fun."
76561197989467885,Not Recommended,330840,24492966,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Sephiroth,The worst tell tale game I have played. Had a moment in episode three at the end where I felt finally this is getting good. It was enough to keep playing until the end. Did not turn out to be worth it.This definately felt more than the other games that my choices had no impact. There were too many glaring moments where you forced into to choices that it seemed to me at least there were some obvious alternatives that were not options.
,Not Recommended,330840,22508190,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Millstone85,"After going through the first season of thisTelltale Gamesseries, I would say that it creates many interesting new characters who all fit very well in theGame of Thronesuniverse. I did have a good time watching their adventures.However, the game is much too obvious about keeping events within their intended course. There are no alternate story paths to speak of. The most you can do is put a character in place of another character in a given scene and see them have the very same role in it. The degree to which the player's choices do not matter is just ridiculous."
,Not Recommended,330840,25366664,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Ristilukki,Choices are even more meaningless than in earlier Telltale titles. All because they have to make season 2. Game of Thrones was a perfect base for a game like this and they failed in it.
76561198010411431,Recommended,330840,13381542,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,TheGreedyDwarf,"Just finished episode 1, and I am already anxiously waiting for the episode 2 to be finished. A great story experience even though I've never watched a single episode of game of thrones (weird isn't it, might as well start now!)."
,Not Recommended,330840,19347211,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Stellar,"Game continues usual style of Telltale to make games, long waiting periods between short episodes are one thing, but even I waited untill all episodes were out, more annoying is that after every episode you are pretty much forced to view a ""next time"" spoilers about next episode, so how about a ♥♥♥♥ing skip button Telltale? Why it is so hard to make, it's been same♥♥♥♥♥♥since Walking Dead and still you have not learned! Also more I play your games, more it will annoy hell out of me that you give 3 answer options when ever there is a discussion in game, but in most cases it doesn't matter a♥♥♥♥♥♥which you choose, it will always end in same way, so you are just lazy to write better dialogues it seems and want make an illusion to a player that choices would matter, well quite frankly it pisses me off that you think players are this stupid they would not notice. I wonder how it is possible that Walking Dead season 1 was one of the best games I've ever played, it had some faults sure, but it had awesome story, quite well written, but after that, every game you make and I play are more and more dissapointing. I am fan of Game of Thrones series, but I sure cannot recommend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,330840,32854558,Posted: 27 June,all,Bjarno,"If you are interested in Game of Thrones (you have read the books and/or seen the series), and at least didn't dislike games like The Wolf Among Us, The Walking Dead or really like adventure games (and not action games). This is the game for you!"
,Recommended,330840,13202989,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,dubesor,"I do recommend this for anyone who likes the TV Show and the general interactive story type gameplay that Telltale usually does. The first Episode was extremely well done and I am hopeful they will keep it up in the remaining 5 episodes.They use the same old engine so the graphics are not very good, lots of Aliasing, I noticed some clipping errors and animations sometimes seem week. The oilpainty artstyle works suprisingly well though. The gameplay is the typical TTG clicking dialogue, walking around looking at objects and the occasional QTE fights. Very basic, it's a game you'll play for story, if you want good mechanical gameplay look somewhere else. It's basic but does it's job. Voiceacting is just superb, Ramsey's excellent performance stood out the most for me.For people who have never watched the TV Show (at least the first 3 seasons) I can not easily recommend this game as it heavily refers to events happening in the Show (and books) as well as many characters. You will most likely feel a bit lost since it's not a game that introduces you to the franchise and characters (unlike the walking dead). You might still enjoy it but you will lose out on a lot of references and parts of the story."
76561198082678841,Not Recommended,330840,21743259,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,farnak,"Your choices do not matter and the visuals are choppy. This ""game"" is just a cash-grab trying to leech off the success of the TV show. Since the interactivity means nothing, you might as well stick with HBO if you feel like playing Telltale. At least the story will be better."
76561198032350390,Not Recommended,330840,21440089,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,TailBlade,"This is one of the most minimally interactive games I've ever seen.It has all the drawbacks of every TellTale adventure game.  As usual, you're presented with choices.  But you don't have enough information to make a meaningful judgment about which choice is best or what the mechanical consequences might be, or if you'll have the opportunity to change your mind later.  There's a time limit, so by the time you're done reading all the choices, you don't have any time left to think about your decision.  It's very stressful at first, and then you realize that none of your choices mattered anyway, because you're going to be going through the exact same sequence of scenes no matter what.  End then at that point, you realize that nothing you do in the game matters at all, and there is literally no reason why this is a video game and not just an animated miniseries.This particular game is even less interactive than other TellTale games.  In Wolf Among Us, at least you got to investigate crime scenes from time to time, even if the outcome was always the same.  There's nothing like that here.  Just meaningless TellTale choices and the occasional combat scene composed of a series of quicktime/Simon Says events.The only thing I'd praise this game for is the cool-looking hand-painted art style.  The character models look pretty appealing, and it's neat to see the cast members from the show sculpted in 3D."
,Not Recommended,330840,20688936,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Wrathpulse,"As much as I enjoy Game of Thrones and A Song of Ice and Fire, I can't, in good conscience, recommend Telltale's take on the franchise. Mainly because I find it to be an unfinished product with an unsatisfying conclusion with a cliffhanger.The illusion of choice you're given in these games was, unfortunately, to be expected. Wanting wildly different branching paths that reward multiple playthroughs is apparently a utopic wish, because the game has a set linear path in the end, and as much as Telltale may want you to think otherwise, the game doesn't offer different experiences with different choices.Sure, you'll get a different response and some minor changes may occur, but in the end, things are still going to stay the same. I honestly think that Telltale should at the very least advertise the game the way it truly is: a linear story with a few ultimately meaningless choices set in a rich universe with some good characters and twists, but incomplete.Having some famous TV characters show up in the game was a neat touch, but knowing that the game is set in HBO's Seasons 3 and 4, with the show having finished Season 5 with 6 coming in a few months, people who have watched the series will undoubtedly realize that some of these characters have literal plot armor, which further diminishes your ""choice"" in the matter when dealing with them.The finale didn't feel like a finale, it felt like the prelude to the actual finale. Instead, we're told we have to wait for Season 2. I'm okay with having a few loose ends to keep the story going after the season's story arc's over and done with, but that's the problem, it never felt resolved.And I know Telltale can do better. The Walking Dead's Season 1 was perfect, you had both closure, and loose ends that allowed the story to carry onto Season 2. Game of Thrones simply has you waiting for Season 2 to find the closure you should have had in Season 1, and that I can't accept."
,Recommended,330840,15053962,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Cerb,"Great game which follows a seperate story from the books/show but is still set in the same age/time and parts of the games storyline involve some of the main characters but the episodes are not focused on them. This is a great game to play while waiting for Season 5 of GoT to come out! It has an interesting art style and good story lines, you will be following a couple of different characters all from the same house of 'Forrester'. If you are a big GoT fan then you will certainly like this spectacular Telltale Game :)"
,Recommended,330840,13203239,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Murtag,"I was focused for 95% of the playthrough of episode 1 , the other 5% i was sweating and swearing.Much recommended."
76561198037001643,Not Recommended,330840,19145202,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,ChordataXVII,"If you've ever played a telltale game before you understand this game.  Nothing you do matters, ever.  Basically all you can say about the game is ""What you expect from telltale.""  It looks fine, the story is interesting enough and all the voicework is great.The only way I can reccomend this is to not look at any information about this game, at all.  Then play the game ONCE.  Only once.  Never go back, never think about what's gone on.  The game does a good job at making you FEEL like you're important to the story.  So long as you never look behind that curtain you can enjoy yourself.  The game can feel like a very personal experience, just NEVER, EVER see ANYTHING about the game after you're done."
76561198135452830,Recommended,330840,32758817,Posted: 24 June,all,✨Hat＄un㉫👙,"Very great game for GoT fans. On par with TWD s1 from Telltale (though personally I prefer this game to it) I don't want to spoil anything so all I can say is, such a great game.. Well worth the cheap price."
,Not Recommended,330840,23029959,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,leif GG persson,"After two painful playthroughs, I can tell this is nothing but a milking cow for Telltale. The stories are horrible, the dialogue is disastrous and regardless of what choices or sacrifices you make, you get the same (losing) result. Whatever few appearences the canon characters do, they are always to screw you and your plans over, be it by your choices or events you couldn't even decide the outcome of. On top of that, the last chapter served no purpose but to build up a new season, a season I will watch on youtube for free.If you want a Telltale game, go get The Walking Dead. This is nothing but a waste of money and time."
,Not Recommended,330840,19172609,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Reyes,Jesus give me strength to forget this♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,330840,19431506,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Joe,"In the Game of Thrones, anyone or anything can die, especially your save file."
76561198080312394,Not Recommended,330840,23104763,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,ProffesionallyBritish,"This game has no relavence to your decisions in terms of their is no real outcome no true driving plot and only one minor plot twist. The statement  ""your decisions matter"" goes as far as who you decide to kill and no matter what you do the outcome is the same a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t ending making you ask ""wait theres another scene right?"", only to find out you've finished the story and the game creaters almost made you buy the next game just so you could find out what actually happends at the ending of this story."
,Not Recommended,330840,28780166,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,[49th]TheProTaco,"I understand that it's simply impossible to have hundreds of branching storylines......But I despise being lied to and having every choice I make be irrelevent.Regardless, if you only play the game through once and never try to go back to change a decision, you'll still have a good 12-15 hours of pretty good GoT stuff."
,Not Recommended,330840,22340789,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,acionox,"Your Choices matter!The duck it does. This game is nothing more than a poorly written fan fiction by your ugly, pretentious wanna be goth, fat fu(|\ing friend. It’s nowhere near the shear greatness that is Game of Thrones. It’s a single layered piece of turd, that is more or less a money grubbing scam. That I must admit, having foolishly fell for.A story is great and memorable when it has multiple layers, hidden meanings, multi-dimensional characters. This story, (IT’S NOT A♥♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME!) lacks all of those. The characters almost all the time are two dimensional, the plot is filled with nothing but holes, the characters are convenient and it’s gore is gore for the sake of gore.I am so ashamed I fell for this scam, never buying anything made by tell tale duck wads again. So hope this serves as a friendly warning for prospective buyers. If you are looking to experience Game of Thrones, move along this definitely is not the game for you."
,Not Recommended,330840,25349401,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,GlomBomb,"I had high hopes for this game, being a huge ASOIAF and GOT fan, but was met with constant disappointment in pretty much every episode. While many people will tell you your choices don't matter in a TellTale game, I still found enjoyment in the overall story in their past games and the minor changes that your choices made. This was not the case in Game of Thrones the game.Plot points are often forgotten, ignored, or just poor in general. The Forresters are uninteresting characters with personalities pretty much lifted from the Starks from the show. The Forresters are stressed to be a pretty minor house in the North, leading one to wonder why several important characters from the show would even bother to take an interest in them. The shoehorning in of characters from the show does little to help the game stand on its own, almost as if the developers believed they had to keep showing characters you actually liked to get you to keep playing.The ending is easily the most disappointing moment of the game though. I'll refrain from spoilers, but basically none of your choices impact the ending. The greatest impact all of the choices you have made have is simply determining where certain characters are during the last scene. While your choices may lead to deaths for some characters, it's hard to feel genuinely sad over the deaths of people who were barely developed. It also serves as a complete sequel hook which leads to no satisfactory conclusion to most plot points as they're purposely left incomplete in an attempt to get you to buy the next season of the game when it eventually comes out.If you're a fan of the show/books (like me) I'd still recommend buying this eventually, just when it's on sale for around $7.50 or something. It's a relatively short game and there is little chance you will play it for over 12 hours if you complete on playthrough."
,Not Recommended,330840,28238859,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Karithay,"Telltale's Game of Thrones delivers a rich story with many choices, many meaningless choices. Not only do your choices often feel hollow, with your character of the moment doing something that doesn't match up with the intent or your choice, but the choices presented epitomize the worst of CRPGs. They restrict you to obvious rails without giving you any ability to take a path you really want. These rails are most apparent in the form of plot holes: you are left to wonder how some events transpire the way they do when you objectively know they shouldn't have. This is poor writing.Most choices adjust dialog or short term actions. Some few have more long term effects, but they are occluded enough that you won't feel that they have any impact for a long time to come. So you can rock the cart back and forth a bit, but it is still firmly on the rails with barely the veneer of agency. In this way the choices get in the way of the story rather than facilitate it, and you can often feel like it would have been better to just give you an animated movie.This game is also marred by gameplay that consists of quicktime events and keyboard controls that are unchangeable from the outdated and pedestrian WASD configuration. This gameplay comes with little communication in how it works shy of using ESC to access menus to see the controls. The worst part isn't the controls themselves but that they are not integrated seemlessly into the experience. What controls you can use at any given time varies, which serves to take you out of the story rather than flowing with the story.If this combination of features tickles your fancy, then it will be an awesome game. If not, then you will find the choices and gameplay to be barriers to enjoyment."
76561198006673055,Not Recommended,330840,32161111,Posted: 3 June,all,Crowe,"Personally. Don't buy this game. It's typical GOT your likeable characters get screwed over and all you get is dissapointing endings.The Devs are planning to announce more content in the future. But so far no dates have been announced, and its been almost 2 years since season 2 development was made public.Wait till a more satisfied is ending is written, otherwise. Don't set yourself up for dissapointment for 10-30 hours of content for 30$. When there are many other games worth a similar price, but capable of 100s to 1000s of hours of replayable, and more satifying content.Or you could just watch the content on youtube. Unless these products make you feel good, happy, and satisfied at the end."
,Not Recommended,330840,25505883,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,gab,"This will be my first (and hopefully last) thumbs-down review.Firstly, the story is great (coming from someone who has not watched/read any GoT material)Graphics are not the best, but it's quite alright. They look like their characters in the TV series (lol)The story is really intense, every choice that you have to make puts you in a spot and urges you to consider carefully.I have completed the whole game, and I think I have made some of the worst choices.The ending I got was terrible (also the least %)Apart from that, when looking at it as a whole, there is also no sense of satisfaction at all. It just leaves you feeling frustrated.Can't really say much more without spoiling it.So I guess you should only get this game if1) You have NEVER watched/read any GoT material (so you appreciate the story and action more)2) You are up for an interesting and intense story adventure3) You don't mind feeling frustrated after the whole thing is over (frustration levels may differ)4) You want the achievements5) The game is on sale. When its 75% off.I do like one thing though (that is consistent) - the opening theme.Disappointed with Telltale for this one. They even screw up the animations of the decisions I made when they replay the last episode!! I hope the TV series is better (this game might have deterred me a little from watching though)"
,Recommended,330840,33097671,Posted: 1 July,all,Ayuri,"""When you play the Game of Thrones you win or you die.""Remember those emotions you had while watching Game of Thrones ? The goosebumps during the opening ? The anger and sadness when a character you liked died ? The hatred and irritation every time you saw those characters who only deserve it ? The surprise and concern every time you realized that someone is a manipulative sl*t ? The relief when something went the way you wanted it to go ? Let me introduce you Game of Thrones : the game that will manage to get you through all of those emotions again.You play as several members of the House Forrester from the North and loyal to the Starks. The game starts at the Twins, during the Red Wedding ; imagine how things will go from there (spoiler :not well for your family). You will try as hard as you can to save your House with every scattered member : visit Ironrath, King's Landing, the Wall and even Meereen ; a wonderful journey across this incredible, ambitious and vast world.Some will complain about the ""illusion of choice"". Be no fool, you can't change everything : the main storyline is already set. But isn't it so in every game you'll play ? Still, you'll be able to change many things ; sadly, this is Game of Thrones and you won't be able to give everybody a happy ending.As a Game of Thrones fan, I loved playing this game : it makes you ""live"" in this universe, the story is well written and narrated, the plot drags you along the chapters. An amazing experience next to the Forresters. Iron from Ice !"
76561198094221272,Not Recommended,330840,21209793,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,drake31,"Iron from IceI was thrilled about Telltale getting their hands on Game of Thrones, and my hopes and expectations were really high, because of my deepest love for The Walking Dead series and The Wolf Among Us.But in the end, what's left of me was a mixed bag of emotions.I enjoyed very highly overall feeling. You could sense with all senses that this is GoT material, not some knock off or cash grab vulturing on the spectacular books and amazing TV show.Storytelling by Telltale once again did not disappoint. It was great, it kept me going, i wanted to finish this journey no matter what, even though story itself was bit clunky.But what did disappoint - writing.Despite some characters were lovable, hateable (in good way), writing for them wasn't always top notch. They most of the time felt generic, i didn't build strong relations to them, so i wasn't affected by their deaths as much as in The Walking Dead for instance. Also some beats from story, felt like i already experienced it in books or saw it on TV. So this caused the fact there was only one truly strong momentEthan's deathand one strong momentto choose between brothersand i wanted to be more affected, to feel more sadness and despair either from my decisions or events that cause them.When i look on the other side, where visuals, music, performance are waiting for their call.I am disappointed to some extent as well. DAMN.Music in game is good, you would be fool expect otherwise when this is game is licensed so it uses the right tunes from TV show. But its lacking in end credits is cardinal sin. And when i am mentioning end credits - they are just too fast, and impossible to read everything.I adore visual side. Screenshot festivities for me. Whole game looked like it was painted, instead of drawn as previous comic book adaptations, and this was really nice touch from creative department.Sadly along the way i also run into some issues (that might be caused by my PC ofc).Game couple times seriously froze, i couldn't do anything with my PC.Loading times could be lower in some cases.And despite reading a lot about wonky controls, i did not experience such problems.But thing i hated most, which i loved form my previous Telltale experiences - My Choices tab gone missing, or it was not implemented, so i had to go to the Telltale site and check them. If they were at the end, at least like i was used, i wouldn't mind this at all. What really infuriated me of was fact, that at the very end where ""heavy hitters"" talk about my decisions, about my characters i played for, it should show how i was doing in compare to other players - there was nothing.I want to have nothing but love for game Game of Thrones. I want to adore it. Recommend it to everyone. But i feel i cant do it. If you are a fan of GoT and Telltale experience go for it.I enjoyed very much feeling, atmosphere of being in this fantasy world; to interact with some of my favourite characters from books; but in the end it didn't left any mark on me, i felt empty. After i exit game for last time, i had no desire to replay, to see other outcomes.Now i will patiently wait for Season 2 with lower expectations, but with higher desire for better writing.Grade:C-"
,Not Recommended,330840,19416165,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,CZAEL,You can buy many other things with $30spend your money wisely
,Not Recommended,330840,20531762,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Kootness,"I'm generally a fan of Telltale games, despite knowing that the choices never REALLY matter. But here, that fact was far too bare. The game hands you a bunch of choices that seem important, but are rendered irrelevant shortly thereafter. Do that enough times, and it stops being credible. As opposed to Telltale's ""The Walking Dead,"" which presents choices mainly of moral substance, many of GoT's choices are ostensibly strategic. Both games are supposed to make you wonder ""Did I make the right choice?"", but the transparency of the lack of consequences to strategic choices leaves you frustrated, while moral decisions stick with you. My point is that even if you like Telltale's other recent games, you may be disappointed by this one, even though it has basically the same formula, and even if you love Game of Thrones."
,Not Recommended,330840,15069842,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,|| Kistna ||,"This game along with other telltale games are good in that your choices influences what happens in the game and who becomes your friend and allies. But In this game it feels that any choice you have isn't really a choice, you are being forced into situations in which your choices are leading you in the other direction. This game forces you into situations which due to your choices you shouldn't be in.Like most telltale games most of the choices don't end making much difference in the end. Sure your allies and friends change but in this particular game it feels to forced and that we are being pushed into the story line.Things in Episode 3 that feel to pushed.Gared/The wall - You can tell your uncle that you can't help him because you just took your vowels. Yet the game forces you into situations where you have to do something bad, theres no ""STOP"" or ""Walk away"" option, which basically forces you into a situation where you have to escape from the nights watch ( as seen in teaser for the next episode). So your decision not to help your uncle is just invalid and void.Forrester Castle - You can plan on being subtle and not aggravating the whitehills until help comes from either asher or alena. You know fight them when you have a army behind you. But your Mother and Sister both start trouble in which you have to step in or your mother and sister both say something like "" They can't do this"" and then expect you not to retaliate. The NPC's are pushing you into giving in and making a stand and fighting.Kingslanding - This was the most boring, yes it had the death of king Joffrey but didn't show anything. I just think it's boring due to it being mostly about politics.`Asher - This was good but it  was the shortest story line for this episode. by the looks of it, your friend is going to cause trouble which causes complications on getting an army .Basically everyone you control is working together to achieve one goal. yet the NPC'S are purposely causing trouble which any real life or other game wouldn't cause. Theyre just there to force you onto the path the game is on.It just feels because your choices don't really matter you can't change events i could just watch this online of someone else play it because my personal choices won't change the game at al.it is a fun game and its cool seeing Game of thrones characters in it, but this is no doubt the worst telltale game that i have played so far. I still recommend it but i give this game a6/10"
,Not Recommended,330840,24643468,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Arabin,"About as much fun as being burned alive by a dragon.The story attempts to be as brutal as George R.R. Martin, with none of the finesse that GRRM wields. I didn't play all the way through as I was bored, and annoyed by a couple of design choices.1) Timed decisions. With this much political intrigue, it takes time to consider your actions, but the fast moving timer bar prevents that, and forces you to constantly make snap decisions, with the results always being worse or different than you thought they would be.2) Timed activity. Early in the game there is a scene as part of a longer scene, where you need to fire a crossbow, but many of the control types cannot react fast enough, so you fail repeatedly. The only way I could play this was a combination of mouse, keyboard and gamepad, hoping I chose the right control for the scene before me.I've enjoyed some of Telltales games in the past, but I cannot recommend this one. If you get it for free, and have nothing else unplayed in your library, give it a try, but otherwise, stay away."
76561198072658425,Not Recommended,330840,21871146,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Maler48,"Your choices do not matter at all. The ending is horrible and rushed, is unaffected by your choices and is so over the top trying to be the ""unforgiving Game of Thrones"" that it is just tiring."
,Not Recommended,330840,28772303,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,pepperyy8,"I'll be honest - it drags you in. Now, this is possibly because it's game of thrones and majority of things that are from the franchise are generally liked, because the gameplay itself was not up to telltale standard. Glitchy animations, not enough interactions (and a lot were pointless, ie. walking 5m just for another cutscene) and a very open end to the series. Despite all that, I'm happy to say the characters were generally great, and the plot twists were really shocking. Still, because of the placement of the game within the timeline of the TV series, I wouldn't recommend it to those unfamiliar with Game of Thrones Season 4.If you're up for a classic game of thrones treatment, then I would definitely recommend this masochist simulator, however as a game... well, unlike the other telltale games I played, I wouldn't replay it, and that's saying something."
,Recommended,330840,19320010,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,a jew who snorts cheeto dust,"""When you play the game of thrones you win or you die. There is no middle ground."" -Cersei LannisterSimilar to the critically acclaimed show and book series that this game is based off of, the main characters whom you think of as invincible die, there is no way around it. But, this game isn't about your characters dying or how they die, its about the choices you make that develop your characters and expand the story. You can be brave, you can be merciless, or you can be a coward, there is no right way to play the game, it is up to you to choose what is right and what is wrong. My only critique for this game is that no matter what you do Ironwrath falls. I personally chose to keep Rodrik alive rather than Asher because of his relationship with Elaena, but her status remains ""undetermined"" which is very unfortunate and disappointing to me. Overall I think this game has a very compelling story and I would rate it a 10/10. I personally earned an Unwavering Conviction along with 14.3% of people, and I thought it was interesting that they included an overall percentage that summarized how you acted overall."
,Recommended,330840,13377367,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,dbarnes9009,I love this game! All I can say about it is It's Game of Thrones so dont get attached to people...
,Recommended,330840,13225367,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,dincht,"Dont get too invested way too soon with any of the characters in this game, just don't. I learned it the hard way.I got too excited because GoT is one of my favorite TV Shows and forgot THIS IS Game of Thrones, something that can turn you into an emotional wreck.And the game itself is a must have for any GoT fans outhere, I mean it's GoT + Telltale, what's not to love?"
,Recommended,330840,19709373,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Dust Galactic,"Exciting, but upsetting experienceThis game is a disappointment.I was already familiar with Telltale's gameplay and I kind of liked it. I'm also a big fan of Game of Thrones, so I thought buying this game was a good way to wait for another TV season.I was frustrated.I don't want to mislead you,it's a good game.A great deal of work had been put into it. The way Telltale treated my fan feelings is what frustrated me the most.The game just doesn't have an end. The ending I've been waiting for months was an insult. I couldn't get why Telltale turned everything the way they did, but then I learned they were planning to make a season two. So, this unbearable ending is just a deceit to make us buy another game in the row.Your choices don't really matter. That's the truth I was shocked to learn from ""Wolf Among Us"". Here I learned it one more time.You'll have good time playing it, but you'll grind your teeth when you finish."
,Not Recommended,330840,21409619,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Henrikas,"The game just gradually goes down from ""OMG I'M INSIDE GAME OF THRONES UNVERSE"" to ""WHEN THE HELL ARE MY CHOICES GOING TO MATTER AND LITERALLY WHEN THE HELL ANYTHING MEANINGFUL IS GOING TO HAPPEN.""It doesn't. It just doesn't. Whole season. Nothing happens. The ending is more or less predertermined, so you can do anything you want, make whichever choices you want, you will still get the same ending. The game is left on a cliffhanger at the end, so UNLESS Telltale steps up and ACTUALLY FINISHES this game, I'd say don't waste your time and money right now and go play Tales from Borderlands, or Walking Dead if you haven't yet and want a game of this type."
76561198077561490,Recommended,330840,17245307,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Remember Chalie Spent $60 on Civ,Gripping. Can't wait for the finale. Highly recommend it!
,Not Recommended,330840,34619197,Posted: 30 August,all,HankHill,"I absolutely enjoyed this game, played through multiple scenarios and endings just so I could see what happens in the series. Even though I enjoyed this game a lot though I couldn't ever suggest someone buy it. I'm assuming it wasn't Telltale's best selling story and it's been entirely way too long since the last episode was released. I'm honestly not shocked since The Wolf Among Us season two took so long, however my criticism and suggestions not to purchase are because telltale in my opinion is just riding the walking dead money train. Play it if you want, i'd say humble bundle or anything else that wouldn't be full retail for the game. It's pretty alright, just probably won't see a season any time soon and with game of thrones season 8 probably a year away you probably won't see the season two of this game until after the show is finished."
76561198002623890,Not Recommended,330840,33918263,Posted: 30 July,all,Neogranadino,"SO... I ended up being highly dissapointed. The game itself is good; It has very nice graphics, dialogs and the fact that you can make choices (most of them very difficult choices) makes it very addictive and fun.The reason why I would NOT recommend it, is because all the choices you take will pretty much take you to the same place at the end: House Forrester is doomed and you lose most of it. I will not spoil it for you if you have not played it, but I do want you to know that at the end, for every F*er you kill, you lose three you love (all the time is the same), and House Forrester will not win anything. So what is the point of having so many choices and difficult decisions if at the end you will end up losing anyway?Hugely dissapointing..."
76561198070590150,Recommended,330840,18433632,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,lockstock1110,"Just finished a playthrough of Episode 1. I don't normally review games, but I thought this one deserved it. Being a huge fan of the books and show, I was trepadacious when reading other negaive reviews, but...NOPE. NOPE.The amount I actually teared up and screamed at my computer screen was ridiculous. I was able to binge play TWD, but I physically could handle playing two episodes in a row. I think my heart would have given out from anxiety. The game is so similair in aesthetics and the feel of the plot to the show - but the characters somehow have 400% more heart and pathos.To anyone that has every scoffed at an honorable decision made by a Stark / other character in the show (this was me) - try that after attempting to survive this game.10/10"
,Recommended,330840,31473454,Posted: 30 April,all,Sydney's World,"Though ultimately less enjoyable than other Telltale games, Thrones is nevertheless worth buying on sale for those who enjoy heavily story-based games of this nature.What Thrones does better than most Telltale games:+ Decision making: There feels to be more at stake here than other Telltale games. There are some really tough choices.+ Action: You need to do more to survive (fights, battles), or Game Overs will happen.+ Main story: You will care about House Forrester.Where Thrones doesn't measure up to it's Telltale peers:- Overall enjoyment: Outside of the main story, too much filler.- Art: Not bad, and in some cases very good, but pales in visual interest compared to Tales from The Borderlands and The Wolf Among Us.- Dumbed down: Not sure about this compared to the other games, but everytime you need to move, in less than a second you are prompted ""Press W to Move Forward"". I don't need to be shown this 100 times.More refined points (may contain minor spoilers):+/-  Thrones content: Hearing the intro  music from Thrones after every new act was great...but was sometimes the highlight of the actual act.+ Tyrion, Reese Bolton: These characters added interest to the game and were believable in this new Thrones world.-  Cersi, Marjory, Daenerys: Uninteresting dialog, characters not believable.+ House Forrester/Whitehill: Can imagine as part of the real Thrones world. Whitehills are good villains.-- White Walkers: Made annoying chittering noises (different from the show), didn't look or act nearly menancingly enough. Half of them were killed by mere swords.Last thoughts; spoilers, do not read if you haven't played yet:- Mira's story: Though in time I did become interested in her, her story in general was not interesting. When the Ironwood mercant turned against her, though predicable at the time, made no real sense and was a very poor way to end her tale; i.e., your decisions meant nothing.-/+ Tuttle's story: Started out very good, but basically copied Jon Snow's story at the wall.- Asher's story: The most cliche of the Forrester's. He grows on you, but his story the weakest.+ Forrester's story: This is the highlight of the game. If all the other stories were on this level, the game would have been much better.Ultimately, would probably be more interesting for those with no Thrones knowledge, as a lot of it is rehashed from the show. Regardless, this game was good enough for me to play through. Though the ending was unsatisfying, there is enough good to recommend it; if a sequel is in the works, hard to imagine me not buying it.7/10  Would kill Whitehills again."
,Recommended,330840,17349360,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,squidward,"Telltale has done a masterful job at recreating the show into a cinematic game. Im amazed at what they've accomplished, the way Telltale of interlinked the big events that happened in the show and to make them occur in the game with an entirely different story line is just amazing. The characters are winning me over and i fear, by the end of the season they might end up with usual GoT formula (beheaded or die viciously) and I'm afraid, I was right. Which makes this game more awsome and tied you to it. If you are a fan of the TV series/ George R. R. Martin’s books (A Song of Ice and Fire)/ and atleast a fan of A Telltale Games, it's a must play game.Remember...valar morghulis.. valar dohaeris....."
76561198021788490,Not Recommended,330840,25104269,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Arizona Bob,"It's a Telltale game, so you know right off that bat it won't be pretty and what actual gameplay there is will be wonky.  Pretty much all this sort of game has going for it is the quality of the writing, acting and the impact of your choices.  The acting is excellent, but the writing is mediocre at its best and your choices DO NOT MATTER AT ALL.  Save yourself the money and watch a let's play."
76561198040969163,Recommended,330840,18433148,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Antares,"Have you ever wanted to have a game where you live through horrors of “120 Days of Sodom”? Or if you never heard of that film, would you want to dive into a world where you continuously fail to suppress an emerging totalitarianism movement? If so, you will enjoy the hell out of Telltale’s Game of Thrones!It is like reliving the horrors of the Red Wedding all over and over again. The best part is that when you mess up beyond repair, you get a flashy sign saying “Valar Morghulis”, which kindly reminds you that it is not really a “Game Over”. You have just discovered a shortcut to beat the game, as everyone would die anyway and it is irrelevant whether that would be from an ambush, betrayal of your ally, old age (right, like someone actually dies in Game of Thrones from an old age…), random or not-so-random stab in a throat or having your face accidently eaten off by a white walker.Happy nightmares!"
76561198076403102,Not Recommended,330840,30288319,Posted: 2 March,all,Belette Timorée,"Very disapointed. Very frustating game. I am a huge fan of GoT and Telltale, but the story does not add up, a lot of glitches even two years after the release."
,Recommended,330840,18420541,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Oleas,Awesome Game! Especially if you are a GoT watcher
,Not Recommended,330840,20483106,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,K1Bond007,Six episodes full of decisions that only ever lead to you getting repeatedly kicked in the balls.
76561198096841038,Not Recommended,330840,20614681,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Alacardnightmare,"This is less of a game, and more a choose your own adventure book, with quick time events. The problem is, most of your choices or dialogue options end up being meaningless. If it wasn't set in the Game of Thones universe, I wouldn't have even bothered with it. After finishing the game and seeing how much illusion of choice there was, I can't really recommend it."
,Not Recommended,330840,20640519,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,levathan,"Man was I hyped for this Game! A fan of Telltale since ""The Walking Dead"" as well as huge fan of both the books and the series of GoT, I really looked forward to it.Based on my experience with Telltale Games I was expecting a really great story, where I would have to make difficult decisions, being immersed into the story and really get to life it with all the characters. Being within the GoT Realm as a huge bonus on top.But, sadly, I have to say - this has fallen really short on much of what I expected.Biggest let down is what made the other TT games so great - the impact fo the decisions you make.I once felt that my decision actually had an impact on the story, but apart from that, nothing you do really makes much of a difference. Or feels like it does.  Hence, it was a nice interactive ""movie"" to ""play"", but nothing more. It does look like there is a 2nd Season around, but I am not yet sure if I buy, and for which price. Most likely only if it's in some kind of sale.Pro:- I do love the art style, going into a different directions than the TT games I played so far - it really fits the world I think- The story was nicely done, and one could expect a similar story happening in the original stories of Mr. Martin himself. Perhaps not as sophisticated, but still - a good storyCon:- The decisions you have to make seldom feel important or impactful - and neither do they actually have a big impact. At one point you'll have to decide who survives, but that's pretty much it in regards to heavy impact. Granted, there might be a couple that will play out differently depending on your choice, but within the whole presentation it really never fells like it.- The Game does not feel polished at all. Eye and mouth movements seem of at times, there are some potentially buggy scenes (Encountered one myself, but was fixed with a save reload), and the art styles sometimes really clashes with the animated scenes.- Worse, the expressions on faces do change within a conversation seemingly without any correlation to what you said before, will say now, and how conversations with the same person played out eralier in the game. There are smiles, where noone said anything funny or nice at all. There are weird looks, even though your character just said something cheerful and the response tells you it worked - not those looks though.- implementing known characters from the books and the series was a really nice touch, but in the end they overdid it, adding to the feeling that your decisions won't matter much.Would I recommend it?Well, if you are TT and GoT fan - give it a try for sure. If you are neither, this game won't change your mind.If you get it in a sale, you'll get a nice story of roughly 10-12 hours."
76561198115334985,Not Recommended,330840,19466499,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,ste_franzo93,"A game about choices that won't let you make any! I'm not saying that your choices won't matter (they won't), I'm saying they won't even let you make them.Telltale is so bad at telling a story they won't even finish it.Seriously stay away from this game."
,Not Recommended,330840,20632189,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Vashalgrim,"Honestly, not that impressed.  Doubt I will actually finish this game any time soon.  I just have not found the story that engrossing."
,Not Recommended,330840,19453447,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Bragi,"I have played the first five episodes, and the game itself is mediocre at best, constantly giving you a choice between two bad options which you immediately regret because the result is always the same either way. The graphics are very unimpressive, the QTE's constantly break any immersion the game may have and the gimmick of the characters from aSoIaF wares off quickly once you realise they have infinite plot armour.My main problem with the game is the fact that ever since it was released a year ago, there has been a game-breaking bug for anyone who has a Radeon R9 285 card resulting in thick black edges around all the characters and objects in the game. After 7 months of TellTale ""looking for the root cause of the problem"" a work-around involving forcing the game to run with outdated drivers was found by the community. However, to anyone who's upgraded to Windows 10 this fix now results in the game opening with a white screen and not responding; thus I can't even play the finale to this game because TellTale has been ignoring this bug since release..."
,Recommended,330840,18164302,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,vagabond,"Oyun bize House Forrester'ların evine Ironrath'a götürüyor. Forrester ailesi yüzlerce yıldır kuzeyin soylu küçük ailelerinden biridir ve Starkların sadık sancaktarlarındandır.Forrester'ların kalesi olan Ironrath etrafı Ironwood ormanlarıyla çevrelenmiş bir kaledir. Ironwood ormanları tüm Westeros'taki en sağlam ahşapın kaynağıdır.Dizide bahsedilmeyen ve kitaplarda sadece adı geçen bu ailenin ele alınması gayet zekice. Bunun sebebi oyuncunun ,seride geçen hiçbir büyük olaya karışmadan ve zaman akışını engellemeden Game of Thrones evrenine girmesini sağlıyor.Oyun herkesin üzüldüğü bir bölüm olan Red Wedding sırasında Frey'lerin Forresterlara ve diğer sancaktarlara saldırmasıyla başlıyor.Kuzeye sadık olan Forrester ailesi Starkların geriye kalan son Lordununda öldürülmesiyle Kuzeyin Yeni Koruyucusu olan Boltonlara sadık mı olacak yoksa Starklara sadık kalmaya devam mı edecek?Bölüm 1 : Iron From IceÖnceki Telltale oyunlardan alıştığımızın dışında bu bölümde, oyunda birden fazla karakteri oynadığımızı görüyoruz.Genç Forrester Lordu Ethan ForresterEn büyük abla Mira Forrester, King's Landing'de Margaery Tyrell'in handmaidenı.Son olarak bir köylünün çocuğu ve Lord Gregor Forrester'ın squierı olan Gared Tuttle.Dizide gördüğünüz karakterlerle etkileşime girebiliyorsunuz. Örnek olarak Cersei ,Tyrion Lannister ve Ramsay Snow. Hepsi kendi aktörleri tarafından seslendirilmiş şekilde oyun evrenindede karşımıza çıkıyorlar.Bölüm yaklaşık 2 saatte bitiyor ve bir bölüm değilde sadece giriş kısmı olarak gözüküyor. Gayet standart.Bölüm 2 : The Lost Lordsİlk bölümden sonra dahada istikrarsız hale gelmiş bulunmakta Forrester ailesi ve bu istikrarsızık oyuncuya doğru kararlı alması için baskı yapıyor ve karakteri daha çok hissetmemizi sağlıyor.Bölümde bir savaş sahnesi var ve zevkli bir arbalet eğitiminden geçiyoruz.Çok spoiler vermek istemiyorum o yüzden kabataslak üzerinden geçeceğim.Bu bölümde Forrester Ailesinin iki yeni yüzüyle daha tanışıyoruz.Bölümün adından da anlaşılabilir.İlki Asher Forrester, ailenin ikinci en büyük oğlu şu an Essos'ta paralı asker olarak sürgünde.İkinci olanı kendiniz görmeniz daha iyi olacaktır sizin için, bölümün en büyük sürprizi kendisi çünkü.Çoğunluk olarak Ironrath ve Kings Landing'de geçen oyuna Mereen, Essos ve Castle Black'de eklenmiş oldu bu bölüm ile.Tabikide Castle Black'te serinin en sevilen piçi Jon Snow'la ,tamamiyle Kit Harington tarafından seslendirilmiş şekilde tanışıyoruz.İkinci bölüm bizi hikayenin daha derinlerine indiriyor ve yeni karakterlerle ,karakter ağacınında köklerini genişletiyor.Bölüm 3 : The Sword in the DarknessBu bölümdeki sürprizler önceki oyuna nazarana daha az kalmış fakat bu bölüme geldiyseniz zaten çoktan Forrester ailesini yeterince tanımışsınız demektir. Sürprizler oyunun ortasında çokta gerekli değil.Bu oyunda gerçekten serinin önemli kısımlarını farklı açılardan görüyoruz ,bu bölümde ise Purple Wedding'deyiz yani Joffrey'in zehirlendiği nikahtayız fakat Mira'nın ,Joffrey'in ne yiyip içtiğinden daha büyük problemleri var. Ailesini gerçekten kurtarabilecek mi?Diğer kısımlar Duvar'da, Ironrath'da ve Mereen'de geçiyor. Mereen'de geçen kısımda asi ejderhalarıyla prensesi görüyoruz.Bu bölüm önceki bölümün kalitesini devam ettiriyor ve hikayeyi daha da ileri taşıyor.Bölüm 4 : Sons of WinterKarakterlerin ve hikayenin tonu sıkıca yerleşmesiyle birlikte hikaye dobra dobra anlatılıyor.Bu bölümde kontrol edilen karakterlerin yapıcakları çok şey var ve bazı zor kararlar vermek zorundalar.Gared Tuttle baygın bir şekilde Castle Black hücrelerinden birinde, gizli görevini yerine getirmek için ordan kaçmalı ve Duvarın kuzeyine ilerlemeli.Asher Forrester, Daenerys'in iyiliğini kazanmaya çalışıyor fakat en yakın arkadaşının güvenini kaybedebilir.Rodrik Forrester, en büyük düşmanının kalesine eli kolu bağlı gidiyor.Son olarak Mira Forrester çoktan King's Landing'deki entrika ,yalan ve ihanet ağına takılmış bulunmakta.Aksiyon veya Gizlice yaklaşma sahneleri, Wildlinglere karşı mücadele etmek ,yaşam-ölüm arası seçimler yapmak. Bunlar bu bölümü en yoğun bölümlerden biri yapmış bulunmakta.Önceki bölümlerle birlikte gerçekten ''Forresterlar dünyaya karşı'' hissi var.Seriden tanıdığımız karakterler, ana karakterlerimize çok zor zamanlar yaşatıyorlar. Sonuçta bu Game of Thrones.Ölümün, ihanetin her köşede ve her konuşmadan sonra ortaya çıktığı hatta bunların ortasında biryerlerde bu durumlardan daha kötülerinin olduğu bir dünya.Bölüm 5 : A Nest of Vipers5.Bölümde birden fazla zor seçim yapmak zorundasınız ve bu seçimler daha önce karşılaştıklarınızdan daha zor olucağına inanın.Gerçekten yapmak istemeyeceğiniz seçimler yapacaksınız.Bu bölüm önceki bölümden daha kısa sürüyor ,yaklaşık bir buçuk saat kadar sürüyor.Ama bu bir buçuk saat aksiyon dolu şekilde ilerliyor.Hikaye tekrar King's Landing,Ironrath,Mereen ve Duvar'ın kuzeyinde geçiyor.Bu bölümde uzun zamandır görmek istediğimiz bir düşman türüde görüyoruz.White Walker'lar.Gerçekten King's Landing'de dönen politika ve entrikalardan ,Mereen'de dönen savaşların dışında yeni bir şey görmemiz gayet iyi oldu.Bölüm 6 : The Ice Dragon-Bölüm çıkıp oynadıktan sonra devamını getiricem.+-Hikayeyi anlatım biçimi çok güzel.-Diziden gördüğümüz karakterlerin bulunması.-Sizi zor seçimler yapmaya itiyor.--Gerçekten seçimlerimiz hikayeyi etkiliyor mu?"
76561198106153551,Recommended,330840,17376601,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Ddsshadow,"More, More, More, please.  I really am happy that there will be another episode for this series, and am anxiously awaiting it.  I also hope that they will include DLC, because the story is great.  I have enjoyed each of the episodes more than the next, and enjoy the interaction with the cast from the show.  I won't include any spoilers, but you interact with about every major character on the show.  It's a great game, and I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys the show, Telltale Games, and great story telling."
,Recommended,330840,16549735,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Rattlesnake8,"This game is perfect for fans of the show wanting more. The game is played in true Telltale style which focuses heavily on story and characters with you making decisions that can result in other characters thinking/feeling differently towards you. This game is done in true Game of Thrones style, meaning they don't hold back. You will see brutal events take place, people will die and you will sit in your chair staring at the screen trying to process what you just saw. The story is interesting and you will see many familiar faces from the show. A must buy for any Game of Thrones or Telltale games fan."
,Recommended,330840,19195884,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Phantom of the AWPera,"I got this game from the Tell Tale Games sale and just started playing it last night. I started at 10pm and by the time I looked up from my monitor it was 3:30am. This game is really fun and is a bit different from the other TT Games I have played the combat is fun, the dialouge makes you feel for the characters and when there is confrontation you really feel it in the music changes the ""camera"" and definitely your gut.The only con in this game, and most of TTG's new titles is not being able to select dialouge with 1234 not a big deal since they give you time but I just really liked that in TWD S1Episode 1: 9/10 I had alot of fun. It was an introductory episode so this one is a must.Episode 2: 9/10 Things fall apart... The struggle and strife in this episode makes it a must play.Episode 3: 7/10 Not quite as fun but is essential for the storytelling.Episode 4: 10/10 So it begins... Play please...Episode 5: 11/10 Honestly broke my standard for this game. This episode is a culmination of all you have worked for in this game.Episode 6: 10/10 The finale was good. It contains the final blows for the season and is a must play. My only regret was my mouse freaking out and choosing something that wasn't in my plan. Sets up nicely for a second season, which has already been ""picked up"". I will be playing it from the release of episode 1.I strongly recommend this game, but be careful cause when you play the Game of Thrones you win or you die. My final score for Game of Thrones S1 is a 9.3/10"
76561198114334494,Recommended,330840,19214924,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,spermit the fraudg,How is this not overwhelmingly positive?
,Not Recommended,330840,19430952,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,イナゴ,Ever wanted to play a game where everyone ♥♥♥♥s with you and laughs at you for no reason and none of your choices matter?This.. is that game!
,Not Recommended,330840,19956195,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,ArtificialRaven,"I'm a fan of the tv show and books and I like how the 1st and 2nd episodes of this game went.  Being familiar with show and books I picked up on how events would unfold right away with our main characters and sadly I'm dissapointed by the end results and the illusion of choice this game gives the player.  Sure, there's a part in the game where you can interact with Ramsay Snow and Cersi Lannister and that's pretty neat but if you've seen the show up to this point in time where the game takes place, you already know no matter your decision, it can't pierce their plot armor. I would have liked it a lot better if they didn't use character's we're familiar with or at the very least use them in cameos for exposition.The main characters, the Forrester family, seem way too similar to the Stark family. I'd rather have seen the story from the perspective of a family not from the north.Everyone's opinion differs but this game just rubbed me the wrong way and I just couldn't stay interested in the main characters or care about them either.I'd only reccommend this game if you can buy it dirt cheap."
,Not Recommended,330840,20526230,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,SuperFightingRobot,"I'm a big fan of Telltale's games, especially The Wolf Among Us, but this title leaves me with mixed feelings.Pros:1. The game feels like Game of Thrones. The music is good, and the voice actors from the show reprise their roles in this game (including everyone's favorite, Iwan Rheon). The voice actors for the new characters also do a solid job.2. The story is interesting, and manages to tie the new characters into the show universe without feeling hamfisted. You'll meet major characters and be at major events, but it always feels natural. They don't try to shoehorn the new characters into anything, you're simply playing as side characters who have a story of their own to tell (think of it as an Expanded Universe sort of thing). How future installments play out remains to be seen, but the game is being made in partnership with HBO, so I don't forsee any issues.3. If you're expecting the same sort of brutal violence and disregard for the lives of likable characters, then your expectations will be met. This game doesn't pull punches, and it definitely earns its ""Mature"" rating.Cons:1. The game is ugly. And I mean real ugly. They use the same sort of basic art style that you see in The Walking Dead, The Wolf Among Us and Tales from the Borderlands, except they didn't apply the cel-shaded look you see in those games. Instead, they chose to use a sort of muddy, water-color type of filter and it just looks bad most of the time. Also, even with anti-aliasing and high settings turned on, the graphics are awful. Trees and other background props are blurry, flat textures that look like they belong on a PS2.2. The game is full of bugs. Texture pop-ins are frequent, or they fail to load at all, resulting in characters who have black voids for eyes or faces. It's not uncommon to see entire characters pop into a scene, in the T-pose, before jerking into whatever position they're actually supposed to be in. And near the very end of the game, I encountered a bug where half the letters in lines of text wouldn't appear. They wouldn't show up in dialog choices, and they didn't even appear at the end where the game shows you what choices you'd made. It was like I was playing Hangman and trying to piece together the sentences.3. The QTEs are a nightmare. In previous games the QTEs never gave you a lot of time to react, but in this game they're split second. If you don't hit the key thesecondit pops up on screen, you'll end up with a spear in your gut or a knife in your throat. It's utterly ridiculous just how quickly this game expects you to react. The autosaves are generous, so if you mess up it puts you right back to where you were, but I frequently found myself replaying the same sequence over and over until I'd actually memorized each button in the sequence. This isn't supposed to be a Megaman game where you learn the boss patterns in a fight.4. The game runs like pure garbage in full screen for some reason. I had to play the game in windowed mode to get it to run smoothly, otherwise the framerate would plummet.Other:The ending is unresolved. I seea lotof people on here complaining about the game ending on a cliffhanger, and I'm not sure why. Telltale has stated before that they intended for this game to have multiple seasons as they continue to work with HBO. Maybe it's because the game title doesn't explicitly say ""Season 1"" or something (which would remedy the confusion). Ending on a cliffhanger isn't a negative to me, since the show does the exact same thing every season. At least a second season of this game is guaranteed, whereas GRRM still has no idea when he'll even be done with The Winds of Winter, let alone the final book.Final Thoughts:As a Game of Thrones fan, I enjoyed this game, but it's full of too many issues to overlook. The story, voice acting and music all make this feel like an authentic Game of Thrones experience, but on a technical level, this game is inexcusably lazy. Any sort of immersion you may experience can and will be broken repeatedly. This game feels like a huge step backwards for Telltale, and I honestly have a hard time recommending this game. I only paid $5 for this during the Christmas sale, and I'm fine with that. If the standard price of the game was $5, or even $10, I could recommend it, but $30 is way too much for a broken game."
,Not Recommended,330840,21839813,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,(SPARTA) Jack the Ripper,"Telltales cracks are beginning to show as decisions become more arbitrary and every antagonist becomes a reskinned Ramsey Bolton. A lack of depth or subtlety is masked with ""shocking"" scenes that begin intense and exciting but quickly become stale and irritating.I could not say the entire experience was worth my time and money so I couldnt say it is worth yours."
,Not Recommended,330840,22129628,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,PT6,"Played through this with my girlfriend who enjoys the series tremendously, and I think we both found it to be mostly a flop. I have a hard time as is with most of the TellTale Games as they don't do much for me. Your decisions never feel meaningful, and you feel more like you are on the rails of someone ELSE'S story, not your own. All of the action scenes in the game are QTEs based on the same six keys, and there's no originality in any of it.Where I feel the game could have shined, but flopped was the original stories of the Forresters. GoT is a grand, robust story with tons of lore and rich history where, quite literally, anything is possible. Instead of blending the Forresters in with that, they are given by far the most bland history and nearly zero importance within the realm. They don't ever feel like they have any presence, and none of them ever get interesting.This is not to say the game is bad technically; it plays well (controls are easy enough, that is), looks good, sounds great, and the likenesses of characters in the show are nearly spot on. Also shout out to the VAs for coming back to reprise their role in this game. If you're looking for some fan service, or an excuse to nab yourself some sweet Jon Snow wallpaper, this is the game for you. Otherwise, give it a hard pass and spend your money on obtaining the show on DVD/Blu-Ray."
,Not Recommended,330840,22111519,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Everester,"If you want to relish in the horror of the TV show's random brutal deaths, go ahead and play this game. It really doesn't offer much in choices actually mattering at the end for the main story. No matter what you will always have an extremely similar ending, besides the life and death of two main characters. The forced story arc is annoying. Let me play correct and live for once?Oh, and the story isn't very unique at all. Its almost an exact replica of the Stark family dilemmas. With painfully similar fates."
,Not Recommended,330840,21863187,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Evadrone,"I wanted to like this game, so I kept waiting and waiting for it to get good, but it never did.  None of the characters seemed compelling enough for me to care about what happened to them.  This, sadly, may be the worst game I've completed in recent memory."
76561198205431548,Not Recommended,330840,21848655,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Kiri,"I hope you brought lube.You started off getting screwed. In the mid-game you start developing plans and it looks like your great turn around is coming. Then lol nope you get screwed some more. Then at the finale when all your plans have failed and you're weaker than ever with the final fight upon you... you get completely stomped.I know it's necessary to build tension by showing the protagonists in a weakened state to build tension for the finale. How will they win? How is it possible to come back from everything that's happened? It makes the payoff at the end so much sweeter. Think Sam's final speech in Lord of the Rings to see what I meanBut even by episode 3 everyone was saying this is gonna end with the protagonists getting wrecked. And I was thinking how wrong they were, because these episodes existed to build tension for the finale surely. But how wrong was I.The truth is, season 1 exists to build tension for season 2. I've no doubt the payoff comes in season 2, but season 1 is just a masochist simulator. I suppose it wouldnt be so bad if it all came out at once so you could just keep playing til you got to the point where you finally get your hard earned victory, but not only did I have to wait 2-3 months between episodes, but it's probably gonna be 2 years before season 2 even begins, plus another year for the finale. Along with the year they spent releasing episodes thats 4 years of getting wrecked for the payoff. Why did anyone think this was a good idea?I know game devs treat gamers like 4 year old ADHD kids that need constant explosions and action or they'll get distracted, but I think TellTale is going too far the other way. In 4 years I could take a degree in game design and make my own game and make a lot of money without getting a sore bum!"
76561198045141591,Not Recommended,330840,21800196,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Wolfhowl,"I must say this game disappointed me a lot. For a game that was mainly quicktime events and dialogue options, I had expected it to show more consequences to a lot of choices and branching storytelling. There are a few important moments late in the game, where your choices have an impact, but mostly you are dealing with the illusion of choice.The illusion of choice is not bad in itself, unless it is pretty obvious... Which is it...At one point you have a knife to a character's throat, and he is testing you to see if you would cut it. His hands are far enough away to make sure that there is no way he would be able to actually have any time to stop you, if you decide you want to kill him. But you are not meant to cut his throat, so instead he knocks you on your♥♥♥♥♥without it even looking like your character attempted to cut his throat. -.-Each and every episode ends basically the same way, with the family being in a worse situation than when they came in.The ending didn't leave me satisfied on any real points so it felt more like half a story-line rather than a full experience, and most choices in the early episodes felt meaningless.The voice acting is good though, and house forrester as well as their allies are great characters. House Whitehill and their soldiers though... Comes off as one dimensional bullies, except for one. I guess they tried to capture the epic Stark versus Lannister or Bolton conflict of the show? Maybe? But it just doesn't work. For me it felt like drawing the Red Wedding out for as long as possible with an angry grumpy cowardly bully like Walder Frey as the main enemy. No real chance of truly experience the strategy, complexity, or intrigue of the high or low noble house. Just... Constant knife in the back every episode.I felt it promised more in the early episodes than it delivered. If you are truly desperate to scratch your game of thrones itch, well it is the best game of thrones game I have seen. (Which makes me a bit sad) But otherwise I would give this a skip."
76561198014418697,Not Recommended,330840,21911030,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,AtmSb,your choices doesn't matter
,Not Recommended,330840,22197793,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Couchlion,"I'm a bit torn if I should recommend this or not. Technically it's a solid Telltale adventure, but as a game/storywise it's a big boiling heap of frustation mixed with anxiety and more frustration. It's another thing to watch the tv series and see your favourite characters get slaughtered than playing a game that seemingly let's you make ""decisions"" but then kicks you in the groins and gives you preplotted resolutions that most of the time are from bad to worse or against everything that you meant, wanted or even managed to do in the game until that point. So no, I would not recommend this to anyone."
,Recommended,330840,18748593,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,✪ Timii ティモテジ,11/9 - G.R.R.Martin kills everyone in this game .... :D
76561198085781861,Not Recommended,330840,20537107,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Fussel,"I recommend this... for playing it once. The story is interesting enough and since they use voices and appearances from the HBO series, the immersion is there. However, keep in mind that there is one story to follow and that you have barely a chance to even remotely stray from it. The game will nudge you in the ""right"" direction and rather hamfistedly, too, but try to play it any other way and you'll only be frustrated.Wait until it's cheap, play it once, be done with it. I am on my second playthrough and barely have fun anymore, because now that the story's picking up, all crucial decisions are taken from my hands and I can only kind of modulate the tone of my POV character's words. It's as if TTG was not even trying anymore."
76561198009305148,Not Recommended,330840,20211302,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,MachoNanMandyCabbage,"Now that Season One is over I feel it's fair to finally comment on the game.This game makes you feel completely powerless to make any meaningful impact on the story whatsoever. This game delivers quite a bit of an emotional hammering (which indeed it ought to), however by the season finale I was so fatigued by the constant barrage of negative consequences that I was completely desentised to it. By the end of the season I felt frustrated and disheartened.Sadly I cannot recommend this game, due to the lack of agency I felt as a player, coupled with the weak storywriting."
76561198045361085,Not Recommended,330840,19486822,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Coffeesaxophone,"This has the potantial of a real good Game of Thrones game. But it suffers from gaping plotholes, your choices not mattering at all, a subplot complety irrelevant to the enteirty of the plot and a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ending.Overall 5/10 buy if it is at a sale vith 75% discout or more."
,Not Recommended,330840,20617991,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Brandonian,"If you want to get into a telltale game buy the walking dead. Atleast the choices in that have some impact on the game, here you can do whatever you want and get one of two endings that both suck."
,Not Recommended,330840,20617867,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Sri Harold Klemp,No decisions matter.The plot rapidly falls apart.Not worth your time or your money.2/10
76561198027957054,Not Recommended,330840,21801889,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Captain,"The most disappointing part of Game of Thrones is the story.  Yes, your choices don't matter.  And yes, the Old Gods just keep on ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on House Forrester throughout the entire game.  But unlike the Walking Dead, the story in Telltale's Game of Thrones is embedded within another story - the Song of Ice and Fire - which brings with it it's own characters and plot - all of which force the player and House Forrester to take a back seat, leaving you helpless and powerless time and time again.  House Forrester has several unique aspects - the seat of their power is gorgious.  Their second outcast son is easily the most interesting to play.  But soon you realize the rest of House Forrester is just a copy of the characters of House Stark - not much thought went in to making these characters unique or memorible,  I suppose it was just easier to copy from the source material.  The story constantly forces the player to select the better of two horrible options and then punishes the player for making a choice - no matter what the player picked - with a story that constantly reminds you you don't matter and your choices don't matter. I  I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone."
76561198159932167,Not Recommended,330840,34516704,Posted: 26 August,all,Legion,"Almost no ways to decide something important, like save a character as example.It`s a sad story and even why you can`t change everything you`ll finish the game (in my case every episode) dissatisfied.Sad because I love the tv series and the game started so well, but there`s nothing to achieve (exept some crossovers to the tv series <3)."
76561198027267252,Not Recommended,330840,25689032,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,pnv_creator,"As a pretty big fan of ""The walking dead"" and ""The wolf among us"", I should give thumbs down to this one.Though gameplay isn’t exactly what TT are famous for, in this game I felt as if NONE of the choices I’ve made affected the part of the story, which had any conclusion what-so-ever in this seasons– everything was predestined, the only differences might come into play in the next season.* Spoilers follow *It is not a bad game overall, but I didn’t enjoy the writing as well – it is not as good as in the other Telltale games I’ve played. I found particularly ridiculous the motivation of one strong supportive character, which turned traitor – it was simply illogical – he might be unsatisfied by the ruler, but being so devoted to this house and hating the enemy so much – how could this result in joining the enemy?Finally, as a game-designer I should note this - Telltale should realize that there is a difference between a movie and a game. When the player is the main character and his death and failure are inevitable, this is not as cool as in a movie, since this means his choices were pretty much meaningless. The failures are felt as a punishment, the constant humiliation also reflects over the character as well. As this is well done and a nice surprise in the first acts, its continuation and no possibility for victory, revenge or justice in the end leads to quite unsatisfactory feeling of the game.I know that TT have taken their conclusions of the relatively negative feedback (considering this is a Game of Thrones Telltale game) and they will make much better sequel. Any day now…"
76561198063340412,Not Recommended,330840,23941625,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Rook,"It's not that Telltale Game of Thrones is BAD per se--trust me when I say that I love anything Game of Thrones. I would recommend picking this up on sale if you really like GoT and feel you need this experience. In fact, it's got the hallmarks of a good game:+Solid Voice Acting (show characters in-game are voiced by their actual GoT cast members)+Plot fits neatly into GoT's overarching story+Telltale's quality pedigreeBut all that can't really make me recommend it to you, beloved review-reader. Let me start by explaining a bit about the game. It takes place immediately after the Red Wedding, and if you don't know what that is, this game will be very confusing to you. In that sense, it is for Game of Thrones fans (obviously). You are tasked with overseeing the fate of the fictional ""House Forrester"", who were once one of the sworn Northern Houses of the Starks. Simple enough.But where does it fall apart, you may ask? Well, I suppose it's probably from the very concept. This is a Telltale game, which means that it is essentially a glorified visual novel. There are no high-octane sword fights where you are in control of your character; you do not engage in what one might call ""gameplay"" like you would want to in a GoT game adaptation. It's just sitting back and watching, occasionally clicking a button or two. It misses the opportunity that video games provide to create immersion or interactivity. In addition, the game putters through and crashed once or twice for me despite its simple graphics and non-intensive gameplay, which still strikes me as very odd.The story-telling is okay, but not up to the par of the books or shows. Your choices may appear to matter greatly during your first playthrough, but if you are foolish enough for a second one, you will see very clear cracks. Your choices don't matter outside of the promise of a second season of the game, which feels cheap to me. As it is now, the game's plot is unsatisfying and unable to hold itself up on its own merits without this ""second season"", which is sad. Your actions are pointless--your involvement in the story practically meaningless.In the end, Telltale does do good work. Walking Dead Season One was great, and it held up well on its own merits even with setting up a sequel, which GoT fails to do. The Wolf Among Us was interesting but weaker than Walking Dead, in my opinion, as was Walking Dead's second game season. Maybe it's just me--maybe I'm ""Telltale'd out"", as it were--but the charm of Telltale's story-telling and game mechanics is growing lost on me. If there is a season two, I don't imagine I will be playing it at all."
,Not Recommended,330840,23973474,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,GamesGoneWild,"Telltale claims to make games that change based on your choices. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T! I've played it three times, three different ways. Nothing changed but my blood pressure. If I wanted something this liner, I would watch a ♥♥♥♥ing movie, and I wouldn't have to pay 30 bucks for it."
,Not Recommended,330840,19148496,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Moose,"This whole game is about choices.The only issue is no matter what you pick the story is the same. There is vertually no change from a very linear, predictible storyline.Not worth IMO. Very little fun to be had and essentially no replayability."
76561198129495884,Recommended,330840,19162037,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Enderseb9219,the most heartwrenching story i've heared in a long time truly a work of video game art
76561198009632390,Not Recommended,330840,19358097,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Mentok the Mind-Taker,"This game killed/destroyed everything it made me feel was important.Nothing I did mattered.No choices I made seemed significant, everyting seemed arbitrary.Riddled with boring Quick-Time Events.Obvious sequel/Season 2 baiting (I won't be buying it).Probably the one of the worst Telltale games you can buy, supremely dissapointing.Get Wolf Among Us or Tales from the Borderlands if you actually want decent story.Did I mention it's ugly as sin?♥♥♥♥ this game."
,Not Recommended,330840,33390839,Posted: 8 July,all,charliewaffles,"Might be my least favorite Telltale Game? The game itself is really good, and I liked playing through the first couple of episodes, but later on it just became too much... It's just so ♥♥♥♥ing depressing. Even more so than the shows imo, and I'm not sure that works for an episodic game series. I felt like none of my choices mattered in the end, which I suppose is nothing new for Telltale, but still... We have no idea if there's ever gonna be a Season 2, and the way this game ended just left me feeling like♥♥♥♥♥♥ The characters were so well written that it just sucks to see them all die regardless of the choices you made. If this was a Season of the TV Show, it'd have been one of the my favorite Seasons ever... but as a game where your choices supposedly matter... It just doesn't work as well.The GoT IP is starting to suffer from what I like to call ""Dark Souls 2 Syndrome"": It's basically when studio executives double down on one specific characteristic of an IP, usually the one aspect that's being talked about the most, but completely drop the ball on what made those IPs memorable in the first place. In the case of Dark Souls and Dark Souls 2, the suits looked at Dark Souls and the meme culture surrounding it, and said: ""All they talk about is how hard DS is... So let's make the second one even harder!"". Except Dark Souls was never about its difficulty, but expert level design, perfecting your build, experimenting, memorizing and so on... So we ended up with Dark Souls 2. A solid game, sure... But not nearly as memorable as the original due to the disjointed level design, artificial difficulty and a bunch of weird design/control choices.With Game of Thrones, the internet LOVES to go on about how no character is safe, don't get attached to your favorite characters, Scumbag George R.R. Martin memes and so on... So now they're just killing people left right and center... Kids, women... ♥♥♥♥ it. It cheapens the impact these deaths have, when you're just killing off characters for the sake of it. It's lazy writing... And it makes your audience feel like idiots when all's said and done. Game of Thrones has never been about killing off characters for shock value. It's about the setting, believable characters, great writing and so on... To Telltale (even though they're never gonna read this, but it makes me feel better so leave me alone...) Audience feedback is one thing, but stop relying solely on Twitter and Reddit for your GoT news and start creating your own♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,330840,17328550,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Dangernoodle,"Do you hate Ramsey Snow? Too bad, this game will make you hate him even more. 11/10 would fuc k potato again."
,Not Recommended,330840,28877409,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,DeRaclEs DeRAnKleSS,"Rewinds solve no problems. Sometimes this game even offers you a doomed choice. And there is a lot of contradiction in this game's storyline. When Rodrick takes Duncan to highpoint, you will find that you can command Duncan to kill Lord Whitehill. Then Rodrick and Duncan will be killed by the crossbow man. Then the game failed, and this isn't over yet. In the latter episode, you will find Duncan is the traitor , simply because you chooesd ser Royland as the sentinel in the first episode."
,Not Recommended,330840,22293278,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Project Meow,"Pretty much a disappointment from beginning to end.- I found the sequences with Mira Forrester particularly troublesome since there seemed to be a poor connection between the choices and conversations you had and the outcomes.  I suppose if they were recreating how an inexperienced person in King's Landing would be totally lost amidst the web of secrets and intrigues spun around and using them, but Mira is described as smart and a natural when it comes to scheming amongst top-tier schemers.- I was reading a wiki with plot synopses to see what sort of bits I may have missed on my one playthrough and amusingly almost every paragraph has a sentence with the words ""Regardless if you choose..., "" or ""Even if you choose X over Y action, Z character conveniently comes along and makes Y happen anyway.""  That basically sums up the TellTale experience.- On a technical level as well I had preceisely the same issues I had with The Walking Dead S. 1., and the Wolf Among Us: Not only did my choices matter little by design of the game, but my progress was not properly tracked and I would watch the ""Previously on..."" montage tell me about a bunch of decisions I never made thereby messing with the continuity of the game I held in my head.- The game looks okay and I'm not altogether bothered by the characters who move and emote like wooden dolls, but I imagine it might distract some people.- The unskippable GoT intro was bothersome too.  It may have been jarring change in aesthetic, but maybe they should have just plopped in the actual TV version.  The current one looks like a 1990s 3D job.- I think a more focused approach may have been better.  Martin has hundreds of pages with which to weave his tales, but these sorts of episodic games don't appear equipped to handle so many characters and locales satisfyingly.  I'm contstantly reminded of hte Walking Dead's docus on a small group of survivors whose relationships strengthen and weaken.  As a result, while the decisions don't affect the plot that much, the decisions took on a hugely personal edge: E.g.,When making a small decision on what to do with Duck in his final moments.- I'm sorry TellTale and co.  I know that a massive amount of work goes into these games and for what it's worth I did play it all the way through and wasn't completely dissatisfied.  There were some moments like standing up to Gryff tha really worked, but there's a lot that springs to mind crowding out the good parts.  I'd say this ranks quite a bit below Worlf Among Us, and without question below Walkding Dead S. 1."
,Not Recommended,330840,25597727,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Sam Lake,"""Your Decisions... Your Story...""Yeah right...."
,Recommended,330840,13854134,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Pexsis,started to play.red wedding nightcried and uninstallbest game ever10/10 would cry and uninstall again
,Not Recommended,330840,18413206,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Waetla,"For a game that is primarily cutscenes, there is no excuse for graphics this poor.The biggest problem is that none of the players choices feel like meaningful choices. I noticed that by Chapter 3, I was just picking the most aggressive option, with less consideration to optimising the characters choices as it led to the same outcome anyway.Another problem that grated me isn't specific to this game but rather the genre. It's irritating that the game doesn't include options I would like because of either limitations in the game or because the developers didn't think to include them. The lack of meaningful choices, and complete omission of other options doesn't encourage empathy for the characters. Why should I care about this character, when they wouldn't even be in this situation had an option been available to me earlier?Of the dialogue choices available to me, it seems the player characters have a masochistic habit of paraphrasing the dialogue in such a way as to completely act counter to why I picked that dialogue option. NPCs tend to interpret my dialogue to mean the opposite of my intention, and it's not like I have the option to claify what I meant to make up for my characters stupidity.NPCs themselves act as a caricature of one or occasionally two traits. I've never known a character to mindlesslyseek unwinnable war like Ser Royland Degoreor completely ignore the importance ofdisplaying strength in a feudal society like Duncan Tuttle. You want to strike a balance between these two extremes? Forget about it.For some of the antagonistic NPCs, their habit of acting with only one defining trait and perpetually misinterpreting me makes it impossible to predict their behavior or leverage the conversation in any way, making the endeveor pointless.Some of the things present in the game are completely nonsensical. For example: (Spoiler: Chapter 2)There's no earthly way the Freys don't check Rodrik is dead after the Red Wedding, notice he's alive when he's dumped on the cart, and even if they don't, it's impossible for Rodrik to survive a 100's of miles cart ride, next to corpses, in a bumpy cart without either bleeding out, starving or dying of thirst. Remember, it's HUNDREDS OF MILES. Another example: (Spoiler: Chapter 2)House Tyrell has ""significant ties"" to House Glenmore, a minor house in the middle of nowhere in the North? Getoutta here. Margaery would have no idea who the hell they are"
,Not Recommended,330840,28962693,Posted: 2 January,all,Lukie Brown,"Nonspoiler Review:People got upset about the ending of Mass Effect 3. This piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ending made ME3 look like Bioshock Infinite. At least in ME3 you're deciscions mattered somewhat. After beating this game I honestly feel like none of my decisions mattered at all. And that's something that I can honestly say I've never experienced out of Telltale before. When I first started playing this game I stayed up all night because how much fun I was having with chapters 1-4. The ending however ruined it and I can really only give it a 3/10. Genuinely feels like my time has been wasted on this game.Spoilers:You basically get♥♥♥♥♥♥on the whole time, thinking ""Hey man this'll be great when I rise above this"" but then you never do. In reality you get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked, everyone you love dies, and you don't even get to get revenge on all of the infuriating♥♥♥♥♥♥heads that ran around the whole time. Also, all this happens in a way that doesn't even give the player any emotions aside from anger. In every other Telltale game I've played I've had extreme attachment to the characters and when they would die I would legitimately feel grief. This time, I was less attached to the characters and only felt♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off when most of them died. Feeling helpless is not the way you should feel in a game like this. If anything it would have been better to play as those unbearable Whitehills. At least if that had happened they could have told the story they wanted and given the player a bit of satisfaction. Somehow a single player game managed to capture the feeling of multiplayer games when you're getting annhilated because your team sucks and you can't do anything about it.You also get these characters who are described as being unbreakable or the greatest warriors ever or some♥♥♥♥♥♥and then they just get slaughtered in the most basic boring ways by cookie cutter background soldiers.I loved this game until the last chapter. I got to the part where House Forrestor was being burned to the ground and all the leftover main characters started dying off and I just got extremely♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Especially when you get to the post chapter wrapping up scene right before the stats start rolling and they set up all this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t so that there could be a sequel. A sequel, that knowing Telltale, will never come. They basically told half the story, the half of the story where people get put in the lowest of the low they can be and have to rise up. It was ♥♥♥♥♥♥. Not satisfying at all.Also it was ♥♥♥♥ing stupid how the first character that you're introduced to ends up having the stupidest side plot story that is just confusing and barely slung in there to begin with.When I was playing this I had such high hopes and they were dashed at the ending. A bad ending can really ruin an otherwise fun game. Honestly I can only give this like a 3/10. Definitely Telltale's worst game so far."
,Recommended,330840,13629357,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,fallout2883,"This is a great game if you like Game of Thrones.  The story is awesome, the choses are difficult at times.  If you like Game of Thrones you need this game.  TellTale has done another superb job can't wait for the five episodes."
,Recommended,330840,19154544,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Gin the Cat,D: My face throughout the game.>:( My face at the end of the game O/
76561198136739534,Recommended,330840,13558402,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,"hkiss02, am not dead","Not TellTale's best work, but definitly a game you won't forget any time soon, especially if you are familiar with the GOT universe. Episode 1 was rather lacking in exploration and gameplay, but story, so far, is very good. A game of politics, violence, and thrones, with the general suspenseful and exciting atmosphere of a product of TellTale."
76561198005799505,Recommended,330840,15051144,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,potato,"Edit: If you like a game where none of your choices really matter that much then yeah feel free to buy it.This is a must for any Game of Thrones fan. Personally I think it is a bad idea to play this game if you are not up to date with the series because there are MAJOR spoilers which are revealed. The main storyline of the game may not be in the actual series, but these events happen alongside the main series plotline - which I think is a huge bummer for GoT beginners.  Further more if you familiarize yourself with the series, the familiar characters, locations, events you come across feel so much more immersive and entertaining to watch unfold before your eyes. It definitely makes the experience 1000x better.Regardless of people complaining how the choices have little effect in the game, it is too soon to tell how this will all come together in the final picture. Plot is still A++++ Worth it."
,Not Recommended,330840,18532258,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Dóttir,"If there was a ""I can't put a thumb up nor down"" button I would have chosen that. Having read the books and/or seen the series is mandatory - period.You are not representing any of the main characters but House of Forrester. Well, five of them are playable. They attempt to save their family after losing side of the War of the Five Kings. The game takes place at the Red Wedding and the fans know pretty damn well how that went.Eventhough the game includes the settings and characters from the books and voice actors from the series, the gameplay is pretty much absent. Apart from pressing a few buttons and clicking here and there, I sometimes have to remind myself that this is actually a game and not another GoT episode. No matter what decision you make, the outcome will be the same, which is in my opinion a bummer as Game of Thrones is all about politics (and soft porn).(Can't wait for the 6th season though)"
,Recommended,330840,21491192,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,TheVenomWithin,"Best game I've ever played. I mean it. This game had me pausing it to catch my breath, to make heart crushing decisions. It's one of the few games that made me regret my choices days after I've made them.The action sequences are realistic and on point. Your decisions DO in fact matter, (Even the small ones) and create a huge change to the story. I usually consider myself a pretty decisive person, however this game frustrated me like no other. It takes a hell of a game to be able to do that to a guy like me.I would strongly suggest buying this masterpiece. I doubt I or anyone will find anything more enjoyable than this."
,Recommended,330840,19184166,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,FFaruq,"Yes, it's Game of Thrones. Why would I expect a happy ending!?!?!Well I did! I've completed and enjoyed most Telltale games, but theengine is creaking so bad now they really need to take a leaf out ofLife is Strange's book. Game of Thrones is a decent enough game...but... I really wanted a more satifying end. Is that too much to ask?"
76561198109472859,Not Recommended,330840,20726353,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Ermine,"Alright, I just finished and it wasn't as horrible as people claim... but it wasn't very good either.The story is pretty straightforward:protect your house at all costs, but does that really matter when you don't actually care about most of them? This entire game I only cared for a grand total of 3 characters, and did everything I could to ensure their survival despite the fact that the game might not have wanted that.This game suffers a lot from the fact that there are just too many characters. You switch back and forth between Mira in Kingslanding, Gared at the Wall, Asher in the Free Cities, and Lord Forrester in Ironwrath. Each episode is about 2.5 hours and each character is featured multiple times.There is just too much to keep track of.Game of Thrones as a series, both in the books and show, has many characters that the focus shifts too, which is fine for a book or a show. I feel this game suffers for it, especially because of all the choices the player has to make and all of the different personalities that the player has to take on.All in all, I didn't hate this game, but I didn't love it either. Even if reviews mean nothing to you, I would wait until it's on sale to buy it."
,Not Recommended,330840,20992365,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Arvway,"I can't tell if the cliffhanger is intended. If its possible to get a GOOD ending, then it must be extremely difficult. I felt some choices did not matter but some did.  It may have replayability if you're up for it, but I am not at least any time soon. I got some really bad endings =(. While I encourage them but a lot of my characters died. I guess thats game of thrones for you..."
,Not Recommended,330840,21615153,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,DZMaven,"I really wish I could vote neutral on this. Sigh.I've played most of the Telltale games to date and this one ranks at the bottom.It's NOT a bad game, it's just woefully underwhelming compared to the rest I've played.First, very few of your choices in this story really make any difference. Same person dies every time, just different circumstances, blah, blah, blah. You can try to do this or that, but your ""team""(House Forrester) get rekted either way. While I admit this does fit the deary narrative of GoT, I feel it destroys any sense of player control over the outcome.Second, while it's great to have major characters from GoT involved, some of them... are a bit too involved. And this leads to problems, especially with player choice as formerly mentionly. Actual characters from GoT will have plot armor and no matter what choices you make, they will always do the same things and always screw your own characters over. Because the plot demands you as the player can never do anything that might drastically impact them.Honestly I think game works best when it leaves out the actual GoT characters and just sticks to the originals in the game.Beyond the story and choice issues, the graphics were suprisingly not as well done as in other Telltale games. Frequently I noticed lip desyncing, texture tearing and objects and characters just popping up out of nowhere.I suppose the only thing done well was the music which fitted in nicely with the already present themes from GoT.I would give this a 5 out of 10. Very average... avergery sort of game.Get it if you're a GoT fan, otherwise just pass on it.In the meantime, I need to build a wall to stop the spread of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s in Westeros."
76561198017681447,Recommended,330840,21626262,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,ferretsrule,"I wish steam had an “hmm” grade for the following reasons. Telltale have got the doomed and desperate feel of the series/book, but this game will disappoint. I enjoyed the ride until the last episode, it was enjoyable and I was attached to many of the characters and that’s why the last episode was so terrible.I understand main characters especially a good one dying in a terrible fashion it is after all Game of Thrones but when no matter what choice you make they still end up on the chopping block (well maybe only one choice in twenty and then some), nah. Then the other characters die, after literally every decision you make having no impact and watching everyone (except for those scripted into the main story, Mr Ramsey) die despite specifically taking precautions. This also includes actions you take to save your house, from recruiting mercenaries and making certain sacrifices (literally doing everything asked of you to save the house).Some interesting side stories that give you some more background behind some of the main events of the book/series are good. It was nice to have some extra interactions with characters from the series and certain scenes were great playing through. The different characters all had some nice traits and played in different ways which is what made it a great ride. But when you feel as though the ending is pre-determined NO MATTER what choice you make you kind of feel slightly cheated. The game is being sold as one where your choices matter.The only reason I’m giving it a thumbs up is because I enjoyed the first five episodes but the end ruined it."
,Not Recommended,330840,20493864,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Lassi,">> This review DOES NOT contain any direct spoilers but it DOES contain some discussion about the flow of events. Nothing revealing tho.It's ok, I guess. I love Game of Thrones but this game is just as every other game about GoT: Dull, boring and average or below average. I trusted that TellTale could make a decend GoT game after I played Wolf Amongst Us which was a masterpiece. This on the other hand... is not. It's average.It certainly has some GoT-ish aspects. Voice actors from the show are used poorly and the overall ""you choose what happens in the game"" feel is gone. When those major characters from the show are all the time messing around, you know that anything significant can't happen. The whole game feels just like playground for children. Only the last episode gave you the feel that your actions can made something important to happen, but otherwise I didn't feel the freedom of choice. It felt like whatever you do will make you lose in some way. It has the GoT-ish feeling that everyone can die, but only sometimes. Sometimes you just know that something is not going to happen. Only the ending was really surprising.The story as a whole was a kinda messy and confusing. The whole point of the story ended up very lamely and the possibility of 2nd season was way too obvious. It feels like Telltale is only milking from GoT's popularity by doing this kind of games.Other telltale's games are fine, good or amazing but this is so far the worst of them. I really wanted to like this game but it's just not possible. The game could have been better and I hope that season 2 does something better. This game is not worth its price but if you catch it from a sale, it's certainly nice to play trough. Just don't expect it to be amazing because it feels like it's a bad fanfiction."
,Recommended,330840,14320498,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,DirtyEagles,"This game is like getting pushed down and having dirt kicked in your face over and over. Theres nothing you can do about it either. There are obvious limitations to interactive story telling. Especially when your deciscions are supposed to matter. This game game says ""♥♥♥♥ you and your choices, I am doing  it my way.""  Strangely I like it."
76561198031324041,Recommended,330840,19999267,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Mumm-Ra,"Somewhat of a let down since all of your choices have little to no effect on the overall outcome of the story.So why then do i recommend it?The actual journey itself and character development is very good. You will experience a range of emotions on playing, most of the time anger and revulsion for the Whitehills but nonetheless it keeps you playing much like a good book keeps you turning pages.You belong to House Forrester, a bannerman of the Starks and during play you get to see the plot unfold through the eyes of multiple family members from said house.The characters are wide spread, from beyond the Wall to Kings Landing, giving a good mix of action and politics.I would wait for a sale though as its not very long and alot of your big decisions have little to no effect on House Forrester's fate."
76561197983740996,Recommended,330840,20835767,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Chane,"This is a good game if you like and know the franchise.The game is not recommended for all players. In case you don't know the books or the TV series you might be disappointed. It's brutal and heart breaking, using the typical pattern of Game of Thrones by rising strong empathy for characters, just to let them get killed, one way or the other.Retaliation feels extremely good in this game because of the many humiliations your heroes have to suffer. But all the same, brace yourselves to loose loved ones and dear friends.Emotionally this is a tough game. Don't expect any feel good walk in the park."
76561198080355090,Recommended,330840,14817767,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,MFMegaZeroX,"It is a beautifully told narrative with player interaction engrossing the player in the story. What more can I say?Despite what the negative reviews say about the player's choices not having a drastic effect on the outcome, well, we are only on episode 2, and some choices seem like they will have long term effects. Some of our choices may not come into play until then, so it is hard to judge the game negatively based on that. Even if it was true in the end, it is the illusion of choice that really matters and makes the player feel responsible and attached to the story."
76561198045591590,Not Recommended,330840,19869172,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,ela,Most of the time playing this I was hoping something to happen. Boring game. 6/10.
,Not Recommended,330840,20723089,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Baraqyal,"As a lover of Telltale's other games, it breaks my heart to play such a bad game."
76561198143724138,Not Recommended,330840,21715896,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Anubis,"Game of thrones has good voice acting and could have a good plot but it is squandered by the overblown tragic sense. The game tries to hard to be tragic in its story. Literally every outcome ends up bad and it just doesnt really give you the feeling of choice like the wolf amoung us and borderlands does. Literally everything good that happens is taken away immediatly which detaches you from the game, making your choices feel irrelevant and pointless. Literally I could have spent the entire game trying to hurt the main family rather than save them and nothing worse would have happened than when I made every right descision. Dumb game"
,Not Recommended,330840,19895989,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Caladrea,"I am a big fan of Telltale games, and Game of Thrones (books & the series). I absolutely hated this game. I know that your changes don't actually matter in Telltale games. But they are supposed to change the experience you have along the way. Well in this game your choices LITERALLY do not matter. Even if you do everything correctly you get punished. For example at one point Margery says you are not to talk to speak to a certain person anymore. Of course said person asks to speak with you privately shortly after in front of her. Margery gets♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at you even when you follow her instructions.The whole game is nothing but your characters being beaten up at every turn. By chapter 2 I was so done with being punished at every turn that I started picking the meanest options just to get some tiny form of enjoyment out of the game. Except when it came to dealing with Ramsey.It is like this game was made without an actual understanding of the GoTs. Instead of consequences for your actions you are just constantly punished. Even the characters taken right from the show do not act according to their personalities. The only reason I finished the game was so I never had to touch it again."
76561198061977543,Not Recommended,330840,19908472,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Azzjole,"Fun to see the story play out, but if you're looking for an interactive and dynamic story get ready for Mass Effecty-esque ""choices"" that are essentially cosmetic.Basically, you are often given two forced and trite options and that will determine who leaves/dies and the remaining character will take on a role that would have largely been identical had the loser taken it on. On the occasion that your actions might actually have some impact on the narritive, the character is just written out of the story indefinitely.If this were just a weird sort of movie I'd recommend it, but seeing as the game fails on its terms I say ""No""."
,Not Recommended,330840,20697238,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Winter,"Telltale's bigger failure so far.This was a gigantic disappointment. With The Walking Dead or The Wolf Among Us, Telltale nailed the feel, the narrative and the general tone of the original works. Not this time though, as they completely misunderstood what made the books (and TV series I guess) good or enjoyable, thinking that unfairness, frustration and characters dying and having the worst outcome in every situation is what makes GoT fun. You cannot succeed, you cannot win and no matter how cunning, how tough, how smart or how remarkably stupid you act, the outcome is ALWAYS going to be the same. This game goes as far as to have major plot twists happen in the exact same manner even if the characters that are supposed to carry that out are dead, just having someone else do it instead.As far as the characters go, the game attempts to retake the book's formula of having the story told from every character's perspective, and it would've worked amazingly if the characters weren't either a rip off or a mix between the original Stark family. I mean, really, they even look alike.  The villains and secondaries aren't much better though, when Telltale thinks ""unpredictable"" is the same as ""incoherent"", and no matter how good you are in figuring them out, they'll just act randomly and have the plot continue.Gameplay is pretty much non-existent, even for Telltale's standards. This game focuses heavily in dialogue, choices and interactions between characters, leaving exploration and investigation somewhat behind, and the usual QT events for the action parts. However good the intentions were, when psychology, diplomacy, bluffs, etc. are the only tools you have, but the story will NEVER branch into different outcomes... well, you can guess.And that's the worst part by far. When you have almost no gameplay and a heavy plot with several wannabe cliffhangers and plot twists, the player needs to feel involved. For the most part, Telltale's GoT feels as if you were reading a poorly written fanfic of the original books with the characters acting in your screen. As a player, you have ZERO power over the events. Dialogue hardly ever changes, as you're going to be completely screwed up anyway.If you play this game, get ready to have a pretty big cast of characters tell you it was your decisions that led the entire plot into a complete bloodshed, disaster and chaos no matter what you choose to do.On a side note, though the animations are pretty crappy overall, general art work, environment and assets are pretty damn good. It is a rather pretty game, visually, I'll give em that.I'd say don't pour a single cent into this mess of a story, I expected Telltale to get better at this, not worse, and this game is below mediocre."
76561198068823600,Not Recommended,330840,19853073,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Pearlz B4 Swine,"Telltale did not let go of the reigns with this title, nothing I did felt like it mattered at all. It was pretty and I enjoyed the acting. Although it was simply boring and I found the experience more frustrating, than fun to be honest."
76561198007314241,Not Recommended,330840,21431193,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Veena Menon,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=idVozGXbn2Yno matter how many times Peter Dinklage turns, its always the same... like this game..."
,Not Recommended,330840,21630342,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Movi,"The story feels like something great might happen, and then nothing you decide actually matters, and it all ends in a cliff hanger. With other telltale games, you can craft your personality through the protagonist's actions, and while the story doesn't change, it still feels rewarding.Telltale seriously dissapointed me with this game. Jumping from character to character just weakens their established story telling mode, introducing so many more options that they can't hope to deliver on. Their best games give you an illusion of choice and string you along willingly to see what happens next. This game says ""Well you can choose whatever you want, but we can't make drastic changes to anything, so nothing matters ever. Enjoy this Cersi cameo."""
,Not Recommended,330840,20269627,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Demenlucia,"*SPOILER ALERT*So basically I was quite engaged by the game all the way to the end, then I ""lost"". Then I looked online to check if there were alternate endings and there aren't. You're basically going to lose no matter what choices you made earlier. No matter how good your choices are, no matter how skilled you are at ""fighting"", you will ""lose"". Which begs the question, what is the point of all these options if the ending is always the same no matter what???To sum it up, I was very interested in the game itself but the ending ruined it all, to me there is no point playing a game in which winning isn't even an option.Hence I do NOT recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,330840,19428359,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,King Viking,"I would not reccomend this game its horrible, i know its Game of Thrones and its suppose to be devestating and everyone dying but this is a game and games you're suppose to be the hero and enjoy but this game you just cant enjoy! its terrible and the finale ending was just the worst ending in any game ever!"
76561198026398393,Not Recommended,330840,19816928,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,SilverWolf,"As big of fan as I am of Telltale and Game of Thrones, the show, I just can't recommend this one, (spoilers) unless you want to role play as House Stark and get repeatedly ♥♥♥♥ed over, one episode after another.Including characters from the book/show is a major issue as you know whatever you do, there is no way to alter their course in the grand scheme of things. Every time Ramsey Snow shows up you just know you're getting royally ♥♥♥♥ed with nothing you can do to stop it, so whats the point?The choices you make are still somewhat irrelevant in the long run like all telltale games, but in this one its far more agravating as no matter what, someone will likely die, making the story far less enjoyable as you go.Even graphics wise, I noticed a lot more animation glitches in this game than in any of the previous 5 I've played.Story wise, besides it being overall a very negative one,I think TellTale did a good job, but the ending is just a rushed cliffhanger for season 2. Good luck convincing me to buy that one."
,Not Recommended,330840,20652149,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,saraobscura,I regret buying/playing this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197987998884,Not Recommended,330840,19176391,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Mac,"I enjoyed the game for the first five episodes, but it did always feel like none of your choices mattered at all, like you didn't really change anything. But some of them felt kind of significant so I pressed on. Besides, the story was pretty satisfying and a great way to deal with the off season hype.Then the sixth episode came out, and let me tell you about this trash. I'll avoid spoiling anything but trust me, it's hard to spoil something that's already rotten. You lose. Not just one POV or you don't get everything you hoped for. No. Everyone loses. The ending is garbage. None of your choices mattered at all, I've been online and it's not that I just got a bad ending no, everyone is supposed to lose. Everyone either submits and bows down or dies. And don't give me any of the, ""That's just GOT"" bull either. No, GRRM himself has said some POVs will have nice good endings, some wont. And that's life. But GRRM wouldn't give us an everyone dies you're all losers ending.The plot in Kings Landing and the plot at the Wall also have literally zero effect on the main story. It's literallty pointless. Terrible writing.It felt like they were just trying to set up a terrible sequal, but if Telltale has a habbit of setting up a sequal by not giving their games an ending, they'll never get my money again.My only regret in any of the pointless decisions I made while playing this game is that I played too much to get a steam refund."
76561197999124665,Not Recommended,330840,19946691,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Symbio Joe,"This game tries to hard to recreate the despair that comes from being attached to the charackters. The only lesson you take away from this is: ""There are no right choices, everyone dies."". Pretty quickly I adapted to the same jaded feeling I got from The Walking Dead 2. It is the same experince just with less puzzles to solve.Do I care for these charackteres enough to watch them die or be victories? No."
76561198021439545,Not Recommended,330840,20579258,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Ferox 7.62,"Finished all episodes and even though I had been used to things going out differently then planned/wished for, the finale extremely dissapointed me: No matter what my choices had been before, the outcome was always bad. Without spoiling anything here, the Mira story arc's conclusion was so dissatisfying that I felt rather angry at the writers for coming up with such ridiculous twists and forcing the player to ""watch"" a scripted film that at the end leaves only one conclusion:No matter what you do, you cant' change a thing."
76561198012466367,Not Recommended,330840,21736092,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,mcy,"The worst of all Telltale games. It's so bad that it burned all the good faith created by their earlier titles (The Wolf Among Us alone was enought to get me to buy all their titles up to this bore fest) for me.Bland characters, inane plot, an overall lazy, lackluster title that shamelessly pushes the IP and nothing else. Way to destroy a name."
,Not Recommended,330840,20136449,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,saberwyn,"As much as I enjoy both the Game of Thrones franchise and Telltale's previous offerings, I cannot recommend this game anywhere as much as I would have liked to.Storywise, it isveryGame of Thrones: kicking the game off at the Red Wedding tells you exactly the kind of tone you should expect. There are several interactions with the events and characters from the series, and kudos to Telltale for getting members of the show's cast to provide voice acting for their characters. However, the main characters' family is a blatant House Stark clone with a bunch of Kings Landing structures (like the advisory council and the [s]Hand of the King[/s] Sentinel) weighing it down, which annoyed me. Also, with so many characters running around (five player-protagonists, each with a separate cast of NPCs), I never really developed the emotional attachments required for the obligatory Game of Thrones gut-punches to really be effective, leaving me at the end of each episode just feeling generically depressed. This isnota game you play to enjoy.Gameplay is where it starts to fall apart. Although a necessary evil to explore the various regions shown in the show, having five player-protagonists and frequently cutting between them was something I disliked. It turned each episode into a set of loosely-related sequences instead of a more coherent single narrative. I found it difficult to keep track of each character's actions and NPC interactions, so each character failed to find a consistent 'voice' (although now that the episodes are all out, new players won't have the two-month gaps to contend with). The incresing reliance on quick-time events compared to previous Telltale titles also annoyed me, as did the ending blatantly not resolving anything in favour of leading into the upcoming second season. I do like how Telltale continues to play with and subvert their gameplay mechanisms, whether its taunting me with move commands when Ican't, or informing me after successfully dodging some interrogating questions that “[?] Jon Snow knows nothing”.Graphics is another letdown. They had big problems bringing in the characters from the live-action show and rendering them in the 'Telltale style', with some of the character models just not fitting in (they did improve across the series, but Cersei's battering-ram forehead and Margaery's pixellated alabaster skin still jarred). The 'out-of-focus painting' style for the background art also failed to mesh well with the art style of the foreground and the characters. The attempt to replicate the show's title sequence was just plain clunky.The music is pleasant but broadly unrememberable (although Talia's funeral song gave me chills). Voice acting was good, although in later episodes, conversations didn't seem to balance as well (the relative volumes and tones sounded like two people each talking at a wall, and yes I know that's how voice-recording works, but they usually hide it better). Some of the lines of dialogue were missing, particularly in the (otherwise quite well done) end of series decision recap.Overall, if you're a really big fan of the franchise or of Telltale's work, the game may be worth considering at a discount and with a cheerful palate-cleanser on standby. Less committed fans or drive-by punters should probably steer clear."
76561198008102613,Not Recommended,330840,20453101,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,slade,"The story is boring and badly written. The ""good"" characters get humiliated by the ""bad"" characters all the time. Nothing happens that has an impact on the world of Game of Thrones. The grapics are mediocure at best.I was a huge Telltale fan after their Walking Dead Games. But after this pile of horsesh... I can't see myself buying one of their games again."
76561198070448585,Not Recommended,330840,20910946,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Benjack Horseman,First big slip up from telltale since after the walking dead.
76561198006881773,Not Recommended,330840,21536749,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Fennris,I really wanted to like this game but it was a chore to finish it. The story felt like you're playing house Stark 2.0 and lacked originiality.
76561198006399406,Not Recommended,330840,21039919,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Mk17,What to expect:1.) 1 Season equivalent of TV series of content2.) Sloppy game controls3.) A plot rehash of the TV series with different characters and settings4.) A very rushed Cliffhanger setup for Season 25.) Unneccessary degree of reliance upon established GoT characters.What not to expect:1.) Your choices to matter in any meaningful way.2.) Something genuinely original in the GoT world.Should I buy it?On sale: Yes if you're a GoT fanboi with 12 hours to burn.Full price: no.
,Not Recommended,330840,19862681,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,de1eet,"Just watch it on YouTubeIt's a pointless ""game"". Not a thing you do matters. Not. A. ThingAnd if thats not frustrating enought, they hit you with a cliffhangerNever playing a TellTale (lazy bums) game again"
,Not Recommended,330840,19920536,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,keither,Last episode ruins everything. Cliffhanger for another season? No thanks.5/10
,Not Recommended,330840,20428900,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Mindfreak,"I am a big Telltale fan, I played almost every game they released (except 4 episodes of The Wolf Among us and all of Minecraft), and I have to say that this is the worst game I've ever played. I was never so dissappointed in a game. Now, before you all start thinking ""Well, it's GoT what did you expect?"", I know, I'm also a huge fan of the TV show, but this game is just complete and utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t! Remember when the choices in previous TT games actually sometimes had an impact? ♥♥♥♥t that, you're not gonna get that here.Whatever you do, whatever choice you make, no matter how much time you take before making a choice, it won't matter, the game will just say ""♥♥♥♥ you player"" and create it's own decision for the end.Example (no spoiler here) during one conversation you're given the choice if you want to bring a sword with you (because the person you're having the conversation with is someone who could kill you in an instant), even if you choose to bring the sword, the game just says ""no"" to that choice and you still end up without a sword. Wanna kill that one character you hate? Even when you choose the option your mother will say ""No son don't do it!"". I think you can slowly grasp to what I'm trying to say.Even the recaps aren't representing your choices from the previous episodes correctly. I'm sorry but that's insane!I really tried to love this game, I really tried to justify some of the design decisions, but because of this game I will always wait for the whole season to come out and to hear players thoughts before deciding to buy a TT game ever again. And the only reason I played trough the whole game is because I hoped that it would get better, but I guess I was wrong.If you don't want to get dissappointed in TT then please DON'T BUY this game. Plays Tales From The Borderlands instead !(it's a lightyears ahead of this garbage, I can't believe it's from the same developer)"
76561198077121122,Not Recommended,330840,20712665,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,SeleneMo,"Hmpf... That was a piece of work.I am a big fan of the books, so I know that the song of ice and fire universe is not a happy place, but this story/game is really frustrating.-the story is lame-controls are bad-animations are mediocre-very unsatisfying end"
76561198010110667,Recommended,330840,17184457,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Scare Ball,"This game makes me feel like♥♥♥♥♥♥ no matter how hard I try to make reasonable decisions. I think it's pretty entertaining if you think of it as a collection of interactive spinoff episodes. Just don't overestimate the weight of your choices. Most of the time, whatever's going to happen, will just happen.I'm going to quote another user who summed up my frustration toward Telltale games pretty well:Originally posted by Andrew:""The Telltale formula is getting pretty tiresome. The characters you interact with are all unreasonably irrational, and you are the straight man 100% of the time between two equally stupid, hardheaded caricatures. (But regularly get punished for their actions anyway)Always choosing between 2 sides. The one you don't choose hates you forever. The one you choose just harasses you with his/her baggage, and you can't tell em to ♥♥♥♥ off because now you just have the 1 friend. Because you passed Weyland the potatoes first at dinner, now Duncan's your enemy. It would be nice if your friends, enemies, neutrals and everyone in the Telltale game universe wasn't impossibly petty and selfish."""
,Not Recommended,330840,18034878,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Concrete Donkey,"GameInteractive movie of ThronesI could've lived with this game's depressing story, unremarkable characters, tedious quick time events and dull graphics. But the fact that it tries so hard to make you feel like you are shaping the story with every decision you make even when the outcome is going to be the same no matter what you do is disgusting."
,Recommended,330840,16761590,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Frank Reynolds,"There is a lot of 'illusion' of choice here - I don't think my decisions actually shaped the game much, but honestly, I like the characters, and the story is good, so it feels just like an episode of the show.I look forward to the rest of the season."
,Recommended,330840,16921334,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,lokikat52,"Love the different style of graphics for this game, and the story is very compelling. Though your character may seem unimportant at first, you realize later on how much of an impact a choice you (the player) can have on the outcome for everyone... of course, its a GOT game, so expect to be frustrated when things dont (never) go your way. But I do recommend this game for just the fun of the story of it :)"
,Recommended,330840,17236234,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,P Y L S U R,"Game of Thrones - A Telltale Games Series is one of the greatest Telltale Games that have been made, GoT and TWD go even in the first place. I have now played first 5 episodes and I loved every single second of it. Episode 5 made my cry like a little b*tch for more than hours after I finished playing it, and theres still a whole episode left of the serie. If you love Telltale games or if you're a big fan of Game of Thrones and you can't wait for the next season I strongly suggest you pick this game up and play it while waiting. I give the game a strong 10/10."
,Recommended,330840,17466714,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Ashes,"Just like the show and the books, this game tears your heart out and stomps on it. It was super fun to play and I can't wait for the final chapter. I like how you get to play as multiple characters and all have their part in helping out House Forester, even from the otherside of Westeros!"
76561198124828411,Recommended,330840,17873024,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,BloodyKharma,"It was hard for me to really enjoy the game at first because I'm not a big Game of Thrones fan, so I didn't know much about the show, but after the ending of the first episode I found myself invested in the characters and their struggles for survival. You have to make hard choices, people die when you least expect it, and I'm not just talking about side characters I'm talking about the main characters that you grow attached to. By the end of the fifth episode you'll know what loss truly feels like, and you'll also know what an unsatiable thirst for vengeance feels like. So many times your knocked down, and its up to you to rise with your pride intact or stay down like a dog to deter severe consequences. Your never truly in control. I can only hope that in the last epiosde...I get to slowly fillet all of my enemies over an open fire and hear their cries for mercy...yea this game will do that to you."
76561198157662665,Recommended,330840,18092960,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,VaderSpawn,"Game of Thrones is the second seriers from Telltale which I have played, and I must say that I have thoroughly enjoyed the first 5 episodes, and I am sure the conclusion will be satisfying, as they have stuck to the theme of GoT and incorporated some very surprising moments that will keep you on edge during each episode, even if most of it is dialouge. Nothing terribly different from other Telltale series.Graphics - The same, virtually, as any other series by them. Some of the characters facial animations look downright silly and took away from some of the dramatic moments for me, but I understand that is simply the art style here, and for the most part I do enjoy that.Gameplay - Again, the same. Dialouge choices affecting how other characters perceive you and QTEs for action sequences, however they can sometimes be challenging and long, but not frustrating as you are given checkpoints DURING the sequences. If you die at the end of a sequence you will not be made to start completely over.Sound - The sound effects are good, they enhance the scenes a lot for me, however I am not much of an audiophile so I would not be the best to ask here. I can tell you at least that they are not bad.Misc. - At the end of each episode you are given stats showing the percentage of players who made a certain choice during the major decisions of that episode, which is cool to see and compare to your own choices. The game uses a family that is barely mentioned in the books, so for pretty much everyone it is a fresh experience in this familiar world.9/10"
76561197982537369,Recommended,330840,18191963,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,[BB]Doffelspank,EG BLIR SÅ FØRBAINNJA.Worst game ever. But dæven så bra.
76561198025413909,Recommended,330840,18547006,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Snuffy,"As of writing this, episode 6 has yet to come out.I went into this game with some level of apprehension due to some of its more lackluster reviews and overall not being a massive fan of the series in general. I'm glad I gave it a chance however, because it is a very good game. Not a great one, mind you, but a good game nonetheless. I'd wait for episode six to come out to judge it as a whole, but until then, here are some pros and cons.Pros:- Canon characters all have original voice acting and are well-written and excellently realized- Twists and turns to match the ones seen in the show- Pacing keeps you on your toes- Not as grimdark as some reviewers make it seem. Yes, it's bloody and heartbreaking, but there are glimmers of hope and innocence mixed in there to balance it outCons:- Watercolor style leads to some very frayed edges on both characters and objects, which can be distracting- Some of the main characters are a little bit dull compared to others- Dialogue has a tendency to get cut off at certain parts, but not enough to really impact the game (cut lines will still be visible as subtitles)All in all, it's worth a look. I got invested in the main characters more easily than I'd thought, so if you have even the semblance of human empathy, you should too."
,Recommended,330840,18643610,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Taranis,"Press X to die horribly.Press Y to watch (insert any likeable character) dying horribly.Press B to get beaten up heroically.Press A to ""...""Telltale's ""Game of Thrones"", or ""Masochism Simulator"" aptly immerses you in all the misery of the TV show with the subtlety of a Bolton (sans sexposition). Your enjoyment shall depend on your capacity to not get too attached to anything or anyone for fear of misfortune. Fear not. You'll get screwed regardless. This is Westeros afterall.Recommended only to those familiar with the show."
,Recommended,330840,18951383,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Matchfyre,I've had a lot of fun and have been completely engrossed. I'm eagerly looking forward to season 6. Money well spent!
76561198041550630,Recommended,330840,16570847,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,✿Dahlia✿,"I have to say, I LOVE this game! It is wo well made, the graphics, animation, music, and original voice actors. This game  gives me full game and story experience that I enjoy to the fullest! I have completely sunken in the game and I cannot quit. The story is so great and totally grabs me into the game :) It's like watching an episode of Game of thrones, but then much more interactive. Extremely well made, 5 stars from me :) Great job Telltale games and HBO! :)"
76561198146931290,Recommended,330840,19284416,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,c00lbr33ze88,"Game of Thrones - TellTaleGenre: Story Rich Point and clickRating: 8/10 *Story is a 10/10 but gameplay is very basic hence only 8/10Personal playing period: Since Release. +-1 yearIs it worth a buy: Yes. It is a fun game with a awesome story. A must for any GoT fan and the price isn't bad at all.Girl vs Game: Game is awesome but here I'd pick the girl.Personal Comment:This is an amazing storyline but the gameplay is very basic. Had awesome fun playing the game but because it is TellTale it is a game you can only play through once. So like all TellTale games not a lot of re-playability. But considering the low price point I really don't mind. Get ready to have your jaw dropped, letting out gasps of air and randomly shouting out very bad words at shocking moments as per the standard GoT style. So make sure your mom and children arent close by while playing this.Online gaming:N.A.Short Summary:This game takes place in the world of Game of Thrones. You play as various characters from a newly introduced family, 'The Forresters"" that is not part of the Television series. You play in all areas using the different characters such as Kings Landing, The Nights Watch, Winterfell, etc. Most of the characters from the TV show are in the game as well and this gives the game that real GoT feel. The scenery and setting of the game is really stunning and it feels that you are lost in the world of GoT. The game time is a bit short at approximately 2.5 hours per episode which ends up at approximately 15 hours of gameplay.Learning Curve and Gameplay:As easy as kissing a fat drunk girl/dude and you're the only dude/girl there. The game is played in a 1st person / 3rd person perspective and is basically a point and click game. So it is extremely easy to play this game even if you are completely new to PC gaming."
76561198023788936,Recommended,330840,19199956,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,marruc,One of the best stories of any game I've ever player.Never felt that much emotion during a game before.Really enjoyed it!
76561197971946105,Not Recommended,330840,22065856,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,lvscion,"I usually love Telltale games. But this one was frustrating and ultimately pointless. All of my careful decisions came to nothing. I remember laboring over choices in TWD, wondering what Clementine would think of me, and didn't care that the game brought me to the same point regardless. This outing into the worlf of Game of Thrones, tho, was exercise in futility."
,Not Recommended,330840,25813095,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Nebulast,"This game is, in my opinion, one of Telltale's weakest titles. This is coming from someone who has played all released Telltale Games since 2012.The thing is, you're pretty much playing as a low-tier Stark-like family and this theme is presented throughout the entire game no matter what you do. One of the worst aspects about it though, is that it didn'tfeellike the choices mattered (Minus a few), unlike other Telltale titles. Keywordfeel, because I am well aware that choices don't really matter in the long run in Telltale titles and it's just an illusion of choice, but I didn't feel that illusion of choice at all in this game. It all felt linear.It does have some OK points though, you get to meet characters of the TV show and discuss certain events, etc. which is cool, but this is also another problem I had with the game. Long story short, TV show characters carry plot armor. You cannot harm them in any major way, and they can have their way with you without you being able to do anything about it (Strengthening what I meant by lack of ""illusion of choice"").Overall, it's not a bad game by any means, it's just mediocre. I recommend picking it up only if it's on sale and you're a huge fan of the Game of Thrones series, otherwise you can give it a pass and won't miss out on much. If you do decide to pick it up however, and have never seen the TV show or read the book before, be wary that the game DOES have some major spoilers for the TV show, up to season 4 I believe."
76561198006216948,Not Recommended,330840,34263599,Posted: 15 August,all,Padpaw,"The writing is so badly done it is devoid of logic.For example in 1 conversation it is explained that someone came to you, and in the very next sentence they act like that was never said and that you went to them.  Their mind someone blanked out what they had just said a few seconds earlier.There is no choice, the game ignores and retcons any choices you make that conflict with the story that is set in stone from the start.This is a very half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and badly written game.I paid 5 dollars for it solely to see it.  I feel like I overpaid by 5 dollars.  Watch it on youtube instead, same experience in that nothing you do matter the game was designed so that you lose every time.  the only illusions in this game is that at start it looks like competent people created this.  Those illusions are shattered when your choices means the game has to ignore or just rewrite your previous choices to fit the railroading of the forresters.I am fine with losing, I am not fine with losing because ""reasons""  You pick all the right choices and did everything that would result in something going your way.  Too bad the game decides that the npc's will act like you made completly different choices because for the game to work it has to go a very specific route.Here is a spoiler, I chose to run away when I got attacked instead of murdering the guy.  The game acted like I had murdered the guy anyway, even though I chose not to.  He had to be murdered by my character for the rest of the story to make sense.  Even though that defied the game logic."
,Not Recommended,330840,22160748,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Shuffle,"Honestly one of the more disapointing games I've played of late.Had promise, but it was painfully obvious telltale didn't know what to do with the story, tacking on similar feelings of the books / show but generally not doing anything different or worse yet messing it up with things like characters (notably ones from the show) have a disgustingly obvious amount of ""plot armor"" that prevents you doing anything of significance to them whatsoever.Most of the characters are bland and for a game type that seems to like the idea of giving you all these choices, spoiler alert, they don't mean♥♥♥♥♥♥all in the end."
76561197964438544,Not Recommended,330840,21920833,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Tesshu,"I was very disappointed by this game. The graphics were lacking but I expected that from a telltale game. What I didn't expect was a poor story. Very few choices have impact on the story, the ending was unsatisfying, it felt rushed and was basically just a huge cliffhanger for a new season (or maybe a DLC). Adding to that some storylines (Mira and Gared). have no impact on the main story at allHuge disappointment...."
,Not Recommended,330840,21967617,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Fer-de-Lance,"Its very difficult to recommend this 'game' at anything over £10-£15, even on the first day of release.It's a bit rich to call it  anything other than an interactive graphic novel, as any decision you make is essentially worthless in the long run.  Its a fine story, with excellent voice acting and the typical Telltale Games animation style, but I cannot understand why it is not released as a 'whole' title rather than in individual chapters.  It can only be to maximise profits, and you can't really blame the company for that.  But it led me to leave it aside for months as I had pre-purchased the season pass.  I ended up losing interest, which is a shame as the story peaks well at the season finale.Personally, I won't be buying any further installments or other Telltale Games' offerings until they are on VERY special offer, as in, sub - £10/$10 for the 'series'.I really like the storyline, both for this title and The Wolf Amongst Us.  But reading back the above, I would have to change my initial intention from a cautious positive to 'not reccomended'."
76561198088997185,Not Recommended,330840,22028822,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,btfu806,"Your choice doesn't matter. It's alright to play once to see what happens, but you're basically just watching a story unfold that you can't control, with the exception of what to say. Same people die, no matter how you play it. Not worth the time, just watch a playthrough online if you want."
,Recommended,330840,16039603,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Bad Job Team,"Ok, so 4 episodes in and it's actually looking like my choices have started to take effect.Not going to add any spoilers but about 20 people are dead after one of my choices.I also managed to strike a very important bargain, saving the life of someone, I negotiated a marriage deal (something which most people failed at, according to the choices list) and made 2 cool friends.People have been complaining that the choices you make will not have any impact on the story, I beg to differ.If you expect a huge impact in the first 3 episodes, you're stupid. That's an introduction. You have to wait for the story to develop before your choices make an impact.Other than some small technical glitches in the animations, there have been no problems, I like the games art style and the voice acting is great. Only Ethan Forrester and that Whitehill woman had bad voice acting, it made me sick just listening to them.The cast from the show play their characters in this, it makes it feel very authentic.As for complaints about the lack of interaction, what do you expect? Clue in the name, ""Point and Click"" not shoot em up.I will give this game an 88/100"
,Not Recommended,330840,19944265,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Xhal,"I have played other Telltale games before and usually they make pretty good stories. This is not the case here.Basically this is a rethread of the Game of Thrones show where you play other characters that are not in the books or TV show.The only positive point about this game is they actually got the real actors from the show to voice their characters from the show.No matter what you do or chose, you will lose/get hurt/die. Even when winning every single quicktime even and no matter what you choose, you feel like you have made the wrong choice every time. You are set to lose every time from the get go.The worst part is when they give you a quicktime event to avoid a hit for example and even if you perform it correctly you still get hit, I don't know what kind of idiotic design that is but its really frustrating.I hated the first episode but kept going to see if thing get better eventually. While you get a chance to kill a few people along the way, things do not get better overall, every time you seem to do something right and things get 5% better, something horrible happens and things get 200% worse.And obviously when you meet some character from the show you know nothing is gonna happen to them which means they can basically do anything they want in the game and you cannot do anything about it.Basically any choice you make doesn't matter, they could've just made the whole game a long cutscene, what has to happen will happen and there is nothing you can do about it, who has to die will die and you are powerless to save anyone.I will avoid giving direct spoilers but know that nothing gets resolved in the end and telltale already announced a season 2, complete rip-off.Don't waste your money on this."
,Not Recommended,330840,19486537,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,BigT,"This game isn't as good as other Telltale games.  I wanted to recommend it, but the only thing this has going for it is the Game of Thornes IP.  The entire game is depressing, theres very little satisifying moments.  I get its game of thrones, but your choices rarely matter.  Basically the game forces you to choose which way you want to be screwed.  You are going to get screwed, its going to hurt, you are not going to like it, but you are going to choose the way in which you get ****ed.  This whole game trend of ""making choices"" is serisouly the worst thing to happen to gaming besides pay to win.  They are superficial and at most you get to hear the antognist say ""i'm going to murder your mother"" or ""i'm going to murder your sister""  someone is getting murdered, it doesn't really matter.There is a reason why stories have had happy endings since humans could tell tales, because life sucks enough as it is, I don't need my past time to be more depressing than a Counting Crows album."
76561198108812470,Not Recommended,330840,19486852,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Mr. Meeseeks,"Don't waste your money or time on this game. The characters are boring and dumb, the plot predictable and nothing you do really matters that much."
,Not Recommended,330840,19354499,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,qart,"I, like many others, love the Game of Thrones television series. The first four seasons in particular are some of the best storytelling I've ever seen - only Breaking Bad compares. I hoped this game would follow that example.It did not.The major difference between the TV show and this game is that the TV show is not one perpetual masochismfest. There are victories for the ""good guys"". The same can not be said for the game. It really does not matter what you do; it all ends the same way. For a game that has nothing besides story to offer, that is a huge problem.I finished this game with a sense of emptiness. Only play this if you're prepared for the same."
,Not Recommended,330840,20901405,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,KillerM,"If you think this has a happy ending, you haven't been paying attention.I love Telltale games, but sadly I cannot recommend this one. This game is an exercise in masochism, with all of your choices ultimately leading to terrible consequences, all the while the game makes you feel like you could have made better choices that would change the outcome. However, if you try to play again and make different choices, you still end up pretty much in the same place. Also, there isn't really an ending, more of a setup for season 2."
,Not Recommended,330840,21334205,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Switchy!,"The worst TellTale game to date.  Can't recommend ever buying this or watching it, even if you are a fan of Game of Thrones, for the lack of choices are very obvious and offputting.And I'll buy season 2.Neat"
,Not Recommended,330840,20165983,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Cyradis314,"My least favorite of the TTGs. I am glad I played, but also wish that the sale had been greater on it. As one might expect, this does not have a happy ending. Your choices do not seem to have huge impacts in the world overall (and how can it, when it is stuck part-way through the GoT series?). Yes, you may choose how one character lives or dies, but not how they influence the world, and that is annoying. One character doesn't even have an impact on the overall goal of this story. The options to not always reflect how the character behaves well. And, what you may think is a clear lead of ""if I say this, I should say this too"".... no. The options are also insufficient. How can one play the game of thrones when they have such limited vocabulary?If you are a GoT nut, go ahead and play this. Asher and Beskha are pretty great characters. Other than that? Eh, pick a different TTG."
,Not Recommended,330840,19165235,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Korinis,"I must say that I'm hugely disappointed with Telltale's GoT, even being their big fan. I enjoyed their other games (except Minecraft) very much. We all came here for a rich story and choices we'd regret and think about. Instead we got cheap and unorginal characters, mostly based directly on GoT ones, illogical story with gaps and no choices at all.Without spoiling, sometimes your enemies enter your halls freely, because it appears your guards just disppeared. On the other hand you can sneak right in front of other people and they don't give a damn or you tell people to secure the gate and watch it fall anyway after a while. These are just only few of stupid things happening in game.Now about your choices or actually the lack of them. The other Telltale's games masked it pretty well (TWD) and in some you didn't really pay that much attention (Tales from the Borderlands).Game of Thrones is about political intrigues, hard choices, sacrefices, alliances and more. If they created a game in this universe I want to be able to do things my way. If I do something different I want different outcome, especially in a game like this. They let you be a great leader and command your army and sadly no matter how hard you try you will be just denying the inevitable. Then I'm asking why even bother? Secure the gates to see it fall after 5 seconds or doing something your way and still being forced to do it their way, because the 2 options you have doesn't do anything and the other 2 force you directly to one ""right"" way.Firstly you feel like a great person, trying to achieve something great and after each next episode you start feeling like a useless bag of potatoes, being thrown everywhere they want and miserable feeling when you watch people die cuz creators wanted that and you're just an idiot trying to make the game end your way. Starting each episode I cared less and less for them, because I couldn't do anything. It's nothing compared to Lee or Clementine from The Walking Dead.. Sadly..By far this is one of the worst Telltale titles and I do not recommend it, even to huge Telltale or Song of ice and fire fans. Just pretend it doesn't exist.Oh and almost forgot... If you expecting things to get solved, nothing like this will happen. The game ends with a cliffhanger for a next season, probably coming out in a next 10 years..."
76561198045391251,Not Recommended,330840,19165672,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,WombatDetectives,"Player choice is an illusion in this game.  No matter what you do, you will find yourself railroaded on to a specific path until the last two episodes when you can make a couple of binary decisions.  Telltale's formula has lost its charm."
,Recommended,330840,19178041,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Deepeye,"Telltale GoT iteration is as true to original source as, I suppose, it can be - brutal, scheming (no sex though) and gravitating. Much better than last season of TV series, really.For those who know what Telltale games imply it will be no surprise in the formula, for those who don't know - it is a fast paced mix of mild action and interaction with decent amount of dialogue options which really seem different from each other and impactful (except for some inevitabilities), but in the skin of the world and character of A Song of Ice and Fire.I definitely recommend it both for Telltale fans and GoT enthusiasts. Captivating and GoTishly rough experience.9/10"
,Recommended,330840,19214214,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Ben Dover ( ͡º ͜ʖ ͡º),"It's the only game i've encountered so far that makes you regret every single dang choice you make, and i really mean it, like really every single ******* choice!!! It keeps you on edge at all times, and it constantly makes you question your morales. And besides that, you always wonder what could you have done so that the outcome would be better...11/10 - no doubts about it!"
76561197997764520,Recommended,330840,18538776,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Audiodragon,"I'm recommending this game, but I fell like Telltale have been given too much leeway in their last few games.Yes they are more like interactive stories, but the graphics look worse than their previous games and the controls still are clunky.The story has always been the focus on Telltale games, but if you aren't familiar to Westeros stay clear of this one."
,Not Recommended,330840,19151091,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Der Alte Fritz,"The story always seems to end in the same way, no matter how hard I mash the Q button."
,Recommended,330840,19140544,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Myo,"Okay the final episode is out, so I finally played through this game and I guess its therefore a good time to review.""Too Long, Won't Read"" - Typical modern Telltale game, with a few minor annoyances. Not as well put together as some of their others and suffers badly from actually wrapping up very little. Enjoyable to play through, but the ending is desperately disappointing. Tentative recommendation, but be aware that the end of the game is very much sequel-bait and it has a few small annoyances overall.Longer version:Telltale's Game of Thrones plays quite analogously to how the books read. Unlike in TWD or TWAU you play as several members of House Forrester, a noble house hailing from the north. As bannermen to the Starks the game opens with you playing as Gared Tuttle, the nephew of the Castellan of Ironrath, seat of House Forrester, and squire to Lord Gregor Forrester himself. You, your Lord and his men are celebrating a wedding. Specifically the wedding of Edmure Tully and Roslin Frey at the Twins and...well I'm sure anyone who knows ASOIAF can fill in the rest of that.From there the story spirals out into the different members of the house and their efforts to save their house in the aftermath of the fall of the Starks, in the face of their bitter rivals House Whitehill. right the way across Westeros. Gared is sent to the Wall to take the Black amidst rumours of ""The North Grove""; the third-born son Ethan Forrester, in the absence of the eldest son (who was also at the wedding) and the second born (exiled), becomes Lord Ethan and has to deal with issues that he is ill-prepared for but must handle; eldest daughter Mira Forrester down in King's Landing as a handmaiden to Margaery Tyrell learns to play 'the game' and weaves a political web to help protect her family; meanwhile Asher Forrester, the second born son exiled across the Narrow Sea, gets news of the slaughter at the wedding and resolves to somehow gather an army and return to Westeros to fight for his family.Its a very compelling story and the jumping between viewpoints works surprisingly well with the scene switches being typically well placed and each part being nicely paced. However it does suffer somewhat for being seemingly even more careless of your actual choices than Telltale games usually are. Some choices you make seem to have literally zero impact, even in terms of extra dialogue or not. If you don't mind that, however, you'll likely find a lot to love about the story and the characters are engaging and endearing.More annoying is the actual choosing of decisions and the QTEs themselves. When conversations are going on you cannot see the mouse cursor and, rather than allowing you to choose an option by pressing a number corresponding to that option you MUST click it. Which means all too often when I first started I was sitting back and enjoying a scene when suddenly the game would throw a choice at me with a rapidly decreasing timer; leading to a frantic scramble to hit the space bar to pause the game. The countdown is, in many cases, far too rapid for the procedure of firstly taking in what was said, then reading the options and making a decision on which one, then finding where on the screen the mouse cursor has wandered off to and finally hitting the right option. It was a rather frustrating experience until I got into the habit of regularly pausing the game, which had a rather negative effect on the flow. The QTEs suffer similarly in some cases, for many it was a simple case of pressing the appropriate WASD button and/or using Q and E (although they did tend to rather spring them on you sometimes); but some of them required using the mouse either to click on a highlighted spot fast or to use the mouse to perform some other action, frequently only explaining what you needed to do on that specific screen only. My particular annoyance with this was a brief section in a later episode where you have to use a bow to shoot a rabbit; you have probably less than ten seconds to do it, your mouse is likely off-target, the instructions pop up in the top left corner (if I remember rightly) but if you take the few seconds to read you'll probably miss your chance, and the whole thing required a rather lengthy ""hold the button to draw, aim, let go to release"" action which is fine if you know its coming but when thrown at you all of a sudden can be a little jarring. Especially since your only piece of archery to that point had been with a crossbow which was literally point and click.In terms of looks my only complaint is the 'oil painting' thing they've gone for the backgrounds of scenes. In some cases this is fine and actually feels pretty good but for a few scenes, particularly in King's Landing, it makes the game look ugly in parts. Though on the whole the game does look very good and the characters are well designed.Finally I come to probably the most damning part of the game: Episode 6 and the ending. Without wanting to give away any spoilers this game suffers BADLY from 'sequelitis'. As the most mild spoiler I can think of: I mentioned ""The North Grove"" earlier and it is a central part of Gared's story and you do indeed find out more about what it is...however it is never explained WHY its important. Even worse it seems totally isolated and unrelated to the main focus on the struggles of House Forrester. Similarly for Mira's story down in King's Landing; although all of it ties into her trying to help her family the lack of any real connection between that story and the story of the rest of her family leaves the whole thing feeling limp and largely irrelevant outside of one or two minor references. Which was disappointing because I found it to be a quite compelling part of the game. Ultimately anyone hoping that the disparate threads of all the different stories would be tied together at the end for a big climax will be bitterly disappointed.Overall then? I can't help feeling a little cheated by the ending. Personally I'd deliberately waited until the final episode was out before playing this and to play it through and basically be confronted with a ""To Be Continued"" on so many key issues was a bit of a let down. However on the other hand the simple fact is I DO want to see what happens next because I greatly enjoyed my time with House Forrester and want to continue with all of their stories, for good or ill.Given this is Game of Thrones...its most likely going to be ill. But despite that, I still want to see it through to the end. And I guess you can take that as something of an endorsement."
76561198028671048,Recommended,330840,19141578,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Jarlek,Crushed all my hopes for everything to get better... 10/10 feels like GOT
76561198030790562,Not Recommended,330840,19147631,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Philippe,"This has been an extremely disappointing experience, especially given how much I was looking forward to this. For a game claiming to be driven by the choices the player makes, the outcomes are essentially all the same. Nothing you choose really matters - and often the available choices are ridiculous; no way any of them make any sense. If at least some of these choices had an impact by the end of the last chapter - but no! It keeps building up towards a conclusion that never happens. Regardless of whether a season 2 comes out eventually, there should have been more of a sense of closure."
76561198006719206,Not Recommended,330840,19184095,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Lednera,"""You will take on the role of different members of the Forrester household, and determine their fate through the choices you make; your actions and decisions will change the story around you.""Yip thats about it, it doesnt really matter what decisions or lack thereof you make the story won't change, just the placeholder faces in the background or in conversation. You don't have any real influence on anything. You get 1 option to have a red wedding type event only to have the game say "" game over "" the only real choice is just a tease."
,Not Recommended,330840,19189640,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Hreter,"I wouldn't recommend it unless it is on sale. It's a shame how unimpressive it ended up being. Even though it has pretty nice isolated moments, the experience as a whole is shaggy, it struggles to make you care about most of the characters and their plotlines, and spends too much time developing cliches you can see coming from a mile away. This story does not benefit much from the Telltale model, since we're never given enough time to care about the people dying around us. They tried to make an epic, but it ended being a generic action movie.A promising idea wasted on a saturated model. Telltale should learn some things from other studios and try to inovate the genre. The Walking Dead was great, but it got old pretty quick."
,Not Recommended,330840,19241741,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,mooware,"Disappointing. It pretends to offer meaningful, far-reaching choices (and claims that ""xy will remember that""), but you will quickly notice that your impact is somewhere between shallow and non-existent. Especially the last episode demonstrates this, and to add insult to injury, doesn't resolve any story threads meaningfully. Instead it opts for clichéd cliffhangers so that Telltale can sell a second season (and probably more after that)."
,Not Recommended,330840,19399814,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,DFS,This is the most linear tell tale games yet.  The only real impact is the choice you make at the end of chapter 5 since it affects the final ending.  Your other choices have absolutely no affect on the ending.  You could be an♥♥♥♥♥or super submissive/friendly and it will not change how people view you in 5 minutes or in the next chapters.
,Recommended,330840,17653884,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,🔴 duNN',07/10
,Not Recommended,330840,19184467,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Jay Jee,"Well I bought this game iffy, played the first game got hooked, played endlessly and now finally i beat it. Man was I dissapointed, the game ended so openly that I wish they wouldve rewritten the whole episode. To finish the story you have to buy season 2 it seems, GG.PROS+ Good story line,+ Beautiful hand-drawn graphics,+ Great atmosphere.Cons- Open (bad) ending(s)- Ending is rushed (Ep. 6)- Telltale are money ♥♥♥♥♥s with this♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,330840,19137259,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,An Apple and Orangutan,"Ouch. Episode 6 made my stomach hurt. This is definitely Game of Thrones.Everyone dies 11/10really tho, not as good as some of the other telltale games, (most choices don't matter much except for a few here and there and the ones you make in episode 5 and 6) but still a good one. I would recommend it if it goes on sale."
,Recommended,330840,19164125,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Housemaster,If you like depressions and emotional suffering it's a pretty good game for you i guess.
,Not Recommended,330840,19185557,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Soil,"well let me make it short:Your decisions have almost no impact on the story (you will decide for some characters to live or to die, but everything else will always end the same way).The game looks awful even for a Telltale game (and i have played a decent amount of those)The story confronts you with incomprehensible actions and story plot twists (also senseless conversations).Every episode feels pretty much the same without you making any progress. (you would be better off by not expecting any diversity from the story).A lot of story aspects feel rushed and badly written without any great depth to it.Personaly i can not recommend this game since it s mainstory is not even finished by episode 6.(you will have to wait for season 2)You would be better off by taking a look at the game ""Tales from the Borderlands"".(i have not played any Borderland games before that one, so you do not need any background knowledge to play it)."
,Not Recommended,330840,19149646,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Pyrgos,"Since the moment I bought it, I loved this game. The story, the voice acting and soundtrack are excellent, and along the lines of what Telltale got us used to.Some people don't like the fact that their decisions don't carry enough weight enough for the storyline. If you are one of them, this is true up to some point. My opinion is that the decisions you make as you play are very interesting and add a lot to the experience, as they help you impersonate the characters and live the emotions of theirpathos. That, to me, was absolutely fantastic.It is on the last episode that the bucket of milk spills out and splashes out completely. There is no finale worthy of that name. It's just another episode. This game is not complete. And this is the single reason why the game sucks.I don't know what went through their minds, but I hope that Telltale learns with this. I am not buying more titles until I have strong evidence that these games will not be ruined this way."
,Not Recommended,330840,19560147,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,KamikaZeCDN,"At the surface I would recommend this game without a second thought. But that's when it all changes, when I give the game a second thought. And it is in doing that exact action which has made me say I would not recommend this game.I'll try to keep this as spoiler free as possible. For starters, the game is nothing more than a ""re-skin"" of the Game Of Thrones story in relation to the Starks. Are they mentioned in this game? Yes. But the family you play as basically meets the same constant fate as the Starks time and time again. Which leads to a boring, weak and predictable story. Then you get to what SHOULD be the bread & butter for a Telltale game. Your choices and how much they matter. I laugh at that claim this time. Since 9 out of 10 times what you do makes no difference aside for maybe prolonging the predetermined outcome. The other time is the rare moment it actually results in you selecting your own path. But unfortunately those moments don't ever seem to be big choices in the end. Simply small little side stories that lead you down a different path to the same final outcome.There also seems to be the odd technical issue here and there. Moments of framerate drops.  Unresponsive controls, I push left and the character walks forwards (either because of a bug or oddly placed invisible wall). Some of the animation is less than fluid as well. All in all, for a game that took this long to come to completion...it's just all unacceptable. I wanted to love this, I really did. I just can't."
76561198065539546,Recommended,330840,19661268,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Nash益,"Game of thrones is probably one of the best adventure games to get this year. In this review, i'm going to tell you why, but as well as some of the Pro's and Cons to this game.Story -Pros - For those of you who have played any telltale game, the obvious reason why anyone gets it is cause of its great and interesting story that each game have to offer. Well, Game of thrones fits in that catagory as its rich story is what makes this game so amazing. The story is interesting. but not only that, the plot twists are well thought out, and the story is greatley written. I would say throughout most of the game there wasn't a dull moment. As soon as the player starts, 8/10 times the player will continue.Cons -This being said, the story isn't perfect.Most of the telltale games take a comic or tv show, take the theme from that paticular tv show or comic, pick a character to be the protagnist, or make their own character depending whether or not its directly based off the show or comic, and bam, you have your game.The Walking Dead is the exact game of what I just described. Telltale took the original walking dead comic, made a character, and put that character as a protagnist in The Walking Dead game. Now some of the characters in The walking dead (not entirley sure) do make an appearnce in the comics, (glen, lily). However, you don't need to know those in order to play the game. Nor do you need to watch the show.In other words, I never read the comics of the walking dead, or watch teh show, and this game was my game of the year for 2012, yes,  I did know of what the Walking Dead was, but I never knew much about it. All I knew was, ""Oh, its show about people shooting zombies.""I never read the comics of The Wolf Among Us, and I found The Wolf Among us to be one of the best games for a story out there.Although I did play Borderlands, I never actually got into it at all, and knew not much of its lore, and Tales From The Borderlands is the best game of 2015 along with Undertale and Fallout 4.My point is, you didn't need to know much about these games, and you would 9/10 times enjoy them greatley, reguardless of what you knew about what they were based off of.Now, you would think the same for Game of thrones, right?Sadly, no. this isn't the case.You see, although Game of thrones is a great game, the game expects you to have watched the show, or good sum of it at least. Many of the things aren't explained to you, and half of the characters are actually from the show itself. Sometimes the game throws you into situations and you don't even know whats going because no has even explained to you why you're in this situation in the first place. There are times when you don't even know what to say, and you have no idea what will happen if you say it.A great example of this is when you play as one of the playable characters, Mira, and you are to talk to Cersei of who you are loyal to. However, you don't even know who this person is, you don't what her objective is in talking with you, the only thing your looking at is the midget elf right beside her.In other words, the game expects you to know a good some of the universe before you play this game. In my opnion, I think its a stupid idea, as there was no tell tale game that has ever done this. I never had to watch any of the walking dead episodes or comics or play the borderland games to expirence what greatness they had. I would think the exact same thing for this game.Dialouge/Choices -Again, you are sometimes thrown into situations where you have no idea whats going on. but the game expects you to know what you're doing, sometimes this flaws the expirence.However, I will say that the choices you make in this game are greatley important. By this I mean your choices matter, right from the first episode to the end of the game. In other words, I personally think that more telltale games should be like this, as telltale says they do, but they don't really.Game of thrones makes you think about what you're doing. Most of the time you have no idea what may happen if you choose between various things, and its hard to choose between some of them, as both have very different outcomes. You're thinking that this is a bad thing, but really I think the exact opposite. Having a variety of endings and situations in your game is what makes your game fun, and allows the player to choose what they want by giving them the freedom to do what they believe is from right or wrong.When it came to the ending of this game, I was sort of expecting what it gave me, as for every tell tale game, whenever you beat the last episode you'll always feel the lack of it not giving oyu enough, and a feeling of no conclusion to what you just beaten, but, I will say that the ending was very anticipating, and i was at the edge of my seat for most of the episode.I think if it was anything they could improve on, it would be the lack of what this game wants you to know. Someone shouldn't have to have played call of duty advanced warfare to enjoy black ops 3, someone shouldn't have to have played snake eater to enjoy the phantom pain, and I shouldn't have to have watched the Game of thrones show just to understand whats going on in this game.A Season 2 is coming out for this game eventually, but as always, telltales plates are full, so I wouldn't imagine that it will take a while before we get some solid evidence of what we'll see next.Overall this game deserves8.75/10"
,Not Recommended,330840,19511473,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,dares1m,"(This review was written after finishing Season 1)Only get the game if you like the ASOIAF world, and even then, you might not enjoy it fully. I'd also suggest not buying the season pass and waiting for the full game, even if it takes another year or two.I would not recommend the game due to several issues. Apart from some optimization troubles, my biggest grief lies in how the overall story was portrayed and how little your decisions affect the end result in a game where they are hyped as the biggest feature.It feels like the authors' hands were tied due having to write the story in an existing universe with pre-established relations and dynamics. Again, in spite of the major premise of the game being you driving the story and making meaningful decisions, this does not really happen.I do understand that it is rather hard in this instance and that the developers would have a very difficult challenge ahead of them, especially as they plan for more seasons, but the outcomes are sometimes just ridiculous.*SPOILERS AHEAD*As for the story, it just feels the game is stacked against you. No matter how carefully you weigh your options, in most cases everything just comes back to bite you in the butt. In other situations where you receive help it sometimes feels random and undeserved, leaving next to no positive feelings of accomplishment in the player.I do not share the idea that everything has to have a happy ending, but for some reason, everything should not just go to hell ""since this takes place in Westeros and you play as a noble Northern family."" Your performance has no direct perceivable result, the entire thing feels complete out of your hand. You might as well be watching a film, in which the protagonist enjoys having plot armour for some time before dying and passing his bad luck to the next of kin.It could still make sense, but not with the build-up from all the episodes - you attempt so many plans and plots, but they all fail nonetheless."
,Not Recommended,330840,19790559,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Mumu,"why do all game of thrones games have to suck?first of all, there are many fatal errors in this game - the most important of which is how the game is misadvertised. no, your choices do not matter in this game, nor do they change the ending. at best, your decisions change the subplot through which you connect to the main story.another thing that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off was how some canon characters were way out of character. i'm sorry but there is no way in westeros a character who is as wholesome and ethical as daenerys targaryen would trick a desperate man who's trying to save his family, use him, endanger his life then BREAK the promise she had made. seriously? she herself has been tricked by rich, corrupted and deceitful people. are you telling me she has become the type of person she despises? and ramsay bolton subplot contributed nothing to the storyline. you just play his scenes knowing whatever option you choose, you're not even going to be able to touch his hair since he is canon and you obviously cannot hurt him in this game when he's alive on the show.i also find it amusing how they managed to make tyrion, ramsay, margaery, daenerys and jon look exactly like the actors/actresses, but then there's cersei who looks like your run of the mill neighbor from the sims 2."
76561197966105913,Recommended,330840,17175975,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Revixy,"Worth your time, regardless if you've seen the TV series or not.In fact, if you don't even know what Game of Thrones is, this is still worth picking up.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iKI21boQp48&list=PLPxxdcb86ZHz1a38BW9ghJWOySmOzMiQL"
76561198055684024,Recommended,330840,17179425,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,EDDA97,"Stop after episode 4, just don't play episode 5, don't. For your own good"
76561197991009575,Recommended,330840,20181603,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Marcus Butthurticus,"Game of Thrones is a typical Telltale game.It makes you think your action have an weight but they do not really carry weight. A to B, is written in stone but in between you can alter the journey a bit but eventually you are going to pretty much end up  in the same place. The big picture cannot be changed, perhaps in Season 2 your actions effect the outcome? I hope so atleast.Also it is very frustrating and almost anything is punished. Nothing really comes to a good end or pays off. I presume we might see this in Season 2 but if you only get stick and no carrot it will be very hard to enjoy things. Punishment for everything is not really that interesting. Especially not when you see the protagonists struggle infront of you and more or less, nothing ever goes the way you hope it will. Even  the TV-show has some moments of shine and revenge for the decent people.But the game itself, is interesting and bring in a new interesting story of one of the smaller houses in the North and their struggle at Ironrath and at the court in King's Landing. Seemingly it is tied into the tv-show and not the book. So if you like the show and you like Telltale games I think this is a nice buy. But do not expect to much replay value and do not expect the Season 2 to come anytime soon considering how many weird projects Telltale got going.But Season 1 is well worth it beside that if you are a fan of the type of game, Telltale or Game of Thrones."
,Not Recommended,330840,24020580,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Vlad,"Insane hardware requirements for below-average graphics, lousy writing, guaranteed negative developments regardless of your choices, plot twists that defy common sense, and an absolutely preposterous ending make this perhaps the least rewarding game I've ever played."
,Not Recommended,330840,22643640,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Hoi Sinz,Fun ..if point and click is what you like but Telltale is just glorified fan fiction they make thousands off....also ♥♥♥♥ episodic games.Would of like these be their own story...follows the canon and therefore you never feel a credible threat when interacting with main characters.Also most the decisions you make have no bearing on the story and it plays out the same way
,Not Recommended,330840,28854006,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Jurgeni,"For me this was the worst TellTale game I've played. Didn't really like the art style, it all seemed a bit unpolished.Same goes for story, the story just isn't what it should've been. It fails to create proper connection to any of the characters and goes too far with the misfortune characters have. You kind of lose the point of even trying as it becomes just too common for things to go wrong.Felt like they just slapped on an ""everything-goes-to-sh*t"" story and couple shaders for a bit different look in graphics and called it good enough."
,Recommended,330840,33128263,Posted: 2 July,all,The sixth terminator,"If you're fan a of the series and into some hard choices that makes you think ""why the f*ck did i agree to buy this game?? it's so damn hard and annoying to make this choice!"", then i surely recommend it to ya. great story, 6 known and loved characters from the original series and some characters that you love to hate and some who you just wished they were included in the series.10/10. no doubt."
,Not Recommended,330840,22810214,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Kailyr,"The game plays rather badly, with constant freezes and stuttering (as tested on a variety of computers with varying specs and settings, no change, still♥♥♥♥♥♥. Story has potential- as does any story set within this universe. However, having it be so closely intertwined with the show plot really let it down. The choices felt meaningless in their entirety, and there is very little variation between choices and their affect on the story."
,Recommended,330840,24020025,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,TeddyStyle,"I would really recommend this game if you are a fan of Game of Thrones. If you want to keep unspoiled you should first see up to season 5 and then start playing it. The game portrays a family that lives in Ironrath. Since the situations with the Starks they have been in quite some trouble. From that point on it's up to you to decide what will happen to the city and it's inhabitants. Although some decisions are not that impactful, I would like to categorize them as following:- Minor decisions, these will not affect your gameplay experience. It's meant to keep the story glued with conversations, which is normal so the story wouldn't be confusing at all.- Normal decisions, this might change it up a little bit. It may change how people think of your family or how the characters may judge you in the future. Some of them are independant some of them are tied with the mayor decisions you have made.- Mayor decisions, this affects everything within the game like the cutscenes you are about to see or a decision between killing one person or another. This is what makes the story so exciting, personally I had to rethink some of these decisions in my first playthrough. These decisions are meant to make you think them through.Honestly I was not familiar with telltale games at all, sometimes I found it like watching a scene of Game of Thrones where you just do nothing and at other times you were doing everything. I'm considering picking up another telltale game in the future, depends on which fun ones are there to do next.What dissapoints me with the story, you can consider it negative or positive, is that it isn't fully connected with the series. When I bought this game I expected you to start out as the Starks and decide their future and how it would impact what is going on in the series. (SPOILER SEASON 1, skip to the next block of text if you haven't read it) Ned Stark swore loyal to King Jeoffry instead of trying to claim the throne he would've lived and made another impact on the story. That's what I really miss, the impact on the story that I have followed for 6 seasons. What would've happened to the rest of the family, ... . HINT HINT Get on it telltale.I'm certainly going to try this game some time again to see if how different decisions can influence the game and if anyone knows another good telltale game, feel free to share the title with me."
,Not Recommended,330840,19746937,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,rhii ლ(ಠ益ಠლ),"Play one of them and you have played them allYes, this is how I feel about every single Telltale Game since The Walking Dead: Season 1. After a lot of joyful hours in a setting, as dark and bitter as turkish coffee, the formula can't stand up for itself anymore.Sure. The stories are still enjoyable, but does that justify a lacking ""game"" in every other aspect?I highly doubt that.But maybe we should start at the beginning.You play different members of house Forrester, a smaller noble familiy risiding in the very north of Westeros. You fight for influence and survival.Like in every other Telltale game you will make decision which  determine their fates. And while the previous games allowed some freedom, or atleast made you believe it, GoT doesn't even try.No matter which decision you make, apart from a few cosmetic changes it all turns out the same. Luckily it gets better towards the end. In a game where you concentrate on the storytelling and makes austerities everywhere else... well you see where this is going. It just doesn't work.Now you may ask: ""But what is lacking?""And my answer would be simple: ""What is not lacking!?""Gameplay is missing completly, what was a fresh take-on in TWD, is now showing it's ugly face. Pressing W from time to time to move forward or doing tedious Quick-Time-Event, which where already boring when they saw light in the 80's with the release ofDragon's Lair, are by no means gameplay or in any way entertaining.Now, I grant you that, this point is a matter of personal taste, but with a growing fund and a licence as big as GoT, I expected a better looking game. The comic style is charming sure and it was fitting for games like The Wolf Amongst Us.But somehow I didn't feel the vibes in this interactive movie. Because, lets be clear, this is not a game!Last point of what lacking in this this self advertised adevnture game: Riddles.Every task, riddle or whatever you can do in adventure games you have to find out by yourself. But not here. Everything has just to be clicked in no particular order and the story unfolds. There is simply no challenge.Let's make and example.You want to get a super secret Sword of Awesome. But you have to make a jounrey as dangerous and treacherous as humanly possible p.s. Here is a map to guide you. Just click at it and you will eventually get there. See you later.Now that my rant is over I will give you a short list of positive and negative aspects. Imagine it as a tl:dr if you like.The Positive+ good voice acting+ the story stays true to the ASOIAF formula of threachery, love and warThe Average~ plot holes (Why the fudge would someone in King's landing care about land the size of a peanut which is almost every day frozen? And a handmaiden with no skill and no political power trying to use the Queen regent or Marge the skimpy clothes? No)~ not enough freedom in choice in a game which concentrates on that~ no progress in graphic presentationThe Negative- a missing game- outdated gameplay mechanics (QTE)- clunky controls- no localisationSummary & judgementA good story wrapped into an uninspiring presentation which you still can have fun with if you ignore the obvious flaws."
,Not Recommended,330840,19757118,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,｀ ◡ ´) majin,god forbid telltale finish a story in one game.  lord forbid they update their game engine.  satan forbid they have a release program worse than early access games.  allah forbid your choices actually matter. grrm forbid this thing had♥♥♥♥♥♥writing anyway.
,Recommended,330840,19161840,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Commy Wommy,♥♥♥♥ING WHITEHILLS.
,Recommended,330840,16578239,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Jake Epiphone,Such a rich story and solid game!Ties in to the series quite well.
,Recommended,330840,19162665,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Sir Muttley,"in a nutshell.""I swear I didn't mean that !"""
76561198079341230,Not Recommended,330840,19139297,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,edwin.m.johnson,"While the story is, at times, DEEPLY engaging, the game is ultimately unsatisfying for two reasons: (1) every decision is a Morton's fork, where it makes no difference what choice you make; and (2) none of the storylines is given a satisfying conclusion.A Morton's Fork is a fallacy where all options lead to the same outcome. In this case, make a smart decision and end up in bad situation. Make a foolish decision and end up in the EXACT SAME bad situation. It makes it very hard to care about individual choices when they do not effect the ultimate outcome. This is an especially big problem when the whole point of the game is that it allows you to ""choose"" what happens.The second problem is that the storyteller seem, in true GRRM fashion, to be incapable of writing a satisfying conclusion to a storyline. When only bad things happen to characters no matter what they (or you) do, it instills a sense of hopelessness in the narrative that makes the reader stop caring what happens to the characters.Maybe this was supposed to be a setup for further games, but I can find better uses for my money. After playing this season to its ""conclusion"" I honestly don't care what happens to these characters anymore."
,Not Recommended,330840,19716029,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Venlala,"The ending of this game was so bad I didn't actually even realise I had played through the last episode -  I was actually thinking there was going to be one more, which would finish at least a bit of the storyline. Argghh the '...To be continued' was so big letdown that I can't be bothered with the next season. Meh."
76561198039479105,Recommended,330840,19646257,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Tirasangue,"I have been a fan of telltale since The Walking Dead Game, however i became a more ""fervent"" fan after The Wolf Among Us. The Walking Dead The Game Season Two was a disapointment but besides that, they have been making great games, and this is no exception.You guide the Forrester family by deciding the choices of those who remained, the game begins right at the Red Wedding, but mostly, after the Red Wedding.The family as Ramsay puts it ""They were nothing but Stark loyalists. And the Starks are dead."", after the death of its lord and first-born son, the Forresters are terribly weakened, having the fourth-born son (Which is still a kid), Ethan act as the lord of the house, since all of his older simblings are away.Much to the Forresters dismay, their rival family the Whitehills desire the Ironwood, which is their livelihood economically and culturally, and while they do know how to craft ironwood strong, and without wasting any ironwood in failures, the Whiteruns eat at the ironwood trees at an alarming rate, destroying all of the Forrest that they had.Worse yet, their lord is a bannerman for the Boltons, the new Wardens of the North.This is without doubt a situation where many citizens, even your family will die. What will you make of the few resources that you have after the war to survive the Whitehills? When they take one of your own, will you fight back and take your revenge? Or will you accept to serve them at the risk of being forever their slaves, and the destruction of your ironwood trees?Will you follow your duty to the Forresters with unwavering will even if it means betraying a friend? Will you decide to do the right thing? Even if it means possibly destroying the Forresters?The choice is yours."
76561198020433444,Not Recommended,330840,18166576,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,SuavePoncho,"As both a huge fan of the Game of Thrones T.V. show and the Song of Ice and Fire books, I was excited to play this game. Additionally, I played and thoroughly enjoyed both seasons of Telltale's the Walking Dead. At this point, 5 episodes in, I can safely say my expectations have not been met. Telltale's Walking Dead was strong because it put the characters in situations that had never been seen on the show - bear traps, meat lockers, frozen lakes, wolf attacks (the animal, not the cannibals - although they have those too). Going through each game felt refreshing. Additionally, the characters (especially Lee and Clementine) all had complex and interesting relationships. (mild spoiler alert ahead)This game is a failure on most accounts. The characters aren't deep, and you don't spend enough time with any of them. The Meera story is totally irrelevant to the main plot, and is basically there to pander to show-lovers by giving Headey, Dormer, and Dinklage cameos. They completely overshadow any attempt at creating an intriguing story, because we already know whats going to happen to these characters. We know not to side with Tyrion, because we know he'll be charged with regicide, for example. Additionally, seeing characters like Cersei and Margaery makes us completely forget about Meera, which is no good if she's a protagonist. Meera's story was too disconnected, and the game would have been better off if they had devoted their time to developing the characters at ironrath and their money towards anything other than celebrity cameos (maybe work on the polygon counts?????)Asher's story isn't much better. Shoehorning in Denaerys and the dragons was annoying for a number of reasons - one, having to play out extended action sequences taking Meereen was no fun, because that was never what made these games interesting. Quicktime events should be short if they're going to be in the game. Two, while I think Emilia Clarke is an excellent Denaerys, I thought her voice acting was very sub-par in comparison to her silver screen work. The Meereen story has so little surprise or intrigue, it has almost no place in this story. Asher's story had potential - rallying a mercenary army in Essos was an interesting concept. However, it would have been about 10x more interesting if they had used a completely new location, with a completely new set of characters - or even ones used in the books, but not really in the show. Why not go to Pentos, or Volantis?As for Ironrath, it is basically just winterfell lite. You have Gared, who is Jon lite. You have Rodrik, who is Robb lite. You have the mother, who is Catelyn lite, and Thalia, who is Arya lite. Ethan is Bran lite - see the pattern? I'm not necessarily talking about storylines so much as characters themselves, but that is potentially worse. The characters here are all just shells - especially Gared, who exhibits virtually no independent thought throughout the entire storyline. Honestly, it baffles me that in a game that advertises choice, we are FORCED to betray the night's watch to look for the dumb North Grove. I mean I certainly wanted to tell Duncan to ♥♥♥♥ off after he told me to desert the night's watch shortly after I swore my life to them, but no, I couldn't. The ironrath story is interesting enough, but the stakes aren't fully understood. Ramsay pops at seemingly at random to remind peope Iwan Rheon is an awesome actor, but when he appears the story shakes a little - no matter what happens, we're going to have a minimal effect on the big picture. If we beat our rivals, we still have to serve the Boltons. With the game approaching it's sixth episode, it's clear that we'll be ending it with the Boltons still ruling the North.What the hell was the point of all this then? This was a game meant to pander, and it lost a significant amount of substance in the process. The celebrity cameos overshadow the dull leading characters. The quicktime events are used too much. The plot has a few nice twists and turns, but the stakes are quite low, so it doesn't really matter overall. I think this game is worth buying on sale after a price drop. At $32.99, you're better off buying something worth your time, like dark souls or fallout or ♥♥♥♥ing E.T. for the SNESEDIT: Just wanted to say that after playing episode 6, and sitting on the game for a few months, my opinion has not changed at all. This game is not worth $30CAD or whatever it costs elsewhere. Wait for a nice sale, and go in with low expectations so you can be surprised. As such a huge fan of the series I'm actually STILL disappointed at the missed opportunities of this game A little creativity now and then would be nice, TellTale."
76561198013989885,Not Recommended,330840,33895448,Posted: 29 July,all,The Urge,Decent story but plot holes start to show towards the end.  Basically playing a lose/lose game where the choices you make don't really affect the end result.  Ending was the worst
,Recommended,330840,13205409,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Malak,"Finally a game that is worth of the Game of Thrones title! This game brings together a fantastic setting with high quality writing as well as actors that are in the TV series in order to immerse you and really make it feel like YOUR story.The game stays true to the Game of Thrones world as it explores grey areas, where there are often no ""right choices"", the tension that is created by this makes it (in my opinion) more compelling than other Telltale games thus far. Compared to the walking dead for example, the game has a lot more heavy decisions that do have a short term impact on the game. But we will have to wait and see whether your decsisions at the start will carry forward into future episodes.Overall a brilliant game, well worth it if the quality of episodes matches or exceeds episode 1.Side Note: To avoid spoilers, be up to date with the TV Series and/or the Book Series."
76561198091443595,Not Recommended,330840,23939185,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,TheRoyalMeerkat,"No spoilers, but one of the characters you play as is entirely useless and ends up contributing nothing towards the plot in the end. Easily the worst 'modern' Telltale game out of the bunch, thanks to the lack of effects your choices have. Go buy the Telltale Borderlands game instead, I heard that it was far superior to this pathetic attempt."
,Recommended,330840,13207283,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Đominus Aventiūs,"I can say that this is, without a doubt, telltale's best game yet. The story is rich and engaging, while the game itself is beautiful and well constructed. While playing, it feels almost as if you are truely in westeros facing decisions as important as those made by the lords in the show. It is also very thrilling to play a part of the saga which was not introduced in the show, you never know what will happen and are in for shocking suprises. The voice actors are the actors from the show, making the experience feel very real.10/10, I highly recommend this game.Hodor!"
,Recommended,330840,20678662,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,💙Rαcнєℓ Aмвєɾ💙,"#NeverForget.. :'(__________________________________________________________________From ice, from ice, we Forresters born,To ice we all return.Father, brother, I've sworn, I've sworn,To guard this rest you've earned.May kings and queens melt down their crowns.Up high on Aegon's hill.In floods of gold, I pray they drown,For all the blood they spilled.Mance, sound the horn of winters past.Call starving giants forth.Urge cannibals to break their fast,On wardens of the North.Eastern mages empty the veins,Of beasts across the sea.Paint Slaver's Bay in crimson rains,To bring Ethan back to me.Snow grabbed me from my mother's grasp,To claim me as his prize.Ethan freed me from Ramsay's clasp.The rival lords locked eyes.The rival lords locked eyes!Fight on, fight on, Ethan the Brave,Old gods bear steel with you.Our lord, my twin, a hero's grave.So iron grows anew.Still iron grows anew."
,Not Recommended,330840,19145356,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Soggybiscuit,"Telltale games are supposed to be about choice, and there is little choice in this game.Also you can't skip talking, so you have to sit here and listen to every single bit again if you want to play a second time.4/10"
76561198024706112,Not Recommended,330840,19150244,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Positive Vibration,"Better to watch on youtube (when season 2 is out and finished).DON'T spend your money on this, its a total cash grab without any outcome other than a truly linear one (soap operas have more excitement and leave you with a better feeling than this)."
,Recommended,330840,19139926,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Cobalt,"Having watched Game of Thrones and played previous Telltale games before this, I had high expectations. Now, having finished it, I can say that it smashed my expectations and is without a doubt Telltale's best work yet. I have to say that I enjoyed this game's story and characters more than that of the show, which is an impressive feat since GoT is in my top 5 shows of all time. Throughout the course of the chapters I came to really care about house Forrester and in true Game of Thrones fashion, there were plenty of surprises and hard decisions to be made. Those looking for a contained story may be disappointed. This is a story to be told across multiple seasons, and I will glady play them all if they maintain this level of quality."
,Recommended,330840,19143244,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Kura,"Overall a really enjoyable and terrifying journey.Think twice before liking a character, because it's Game of Thrones! Where no one is safe. It's either you win, or you die.I love this game.This game has an awesome finale, just not-so satisfying. The reason behind this,in my opinion is the cliffhanger.Oh, here i am hoping for a second season.Good job once again, Telltale.I Promise to buy your next masterpiece ;)10/10"
,Not Recommended,330840,19231685,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Kyubashi,"So much potential, yet this marks the first time that Telltale has sorely disappointed not just Game of Thrones fans, but Telltale fans in general. Stick to their other games."
,Recommended,330840,19557660,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,UltimateRuffles,"Well, where to start? This was quite the unique journey i've played in a while. Great storyline and imo the best moment to start this story.At the red wedding.The game has a nicely paced intro and easy way to show you the basics. But it'll take a rather quick turn when you think you're used to it. After the intro, the game will shove alot of decisions in your direction, if you like it or not. Some will be easy, others will not.I had no problem with the options in the story and the decisions you could make in a conversation. There will always be something to say that you taught of anyway, which is nice :). The story will change, depending which stupid things you've said.And you will say alot of stupid things. But this wouldn't be GoT if you didn't. Sometimes you'll notice that the story can't go as you wanted or will just do its own thing, but as i said, it wouldn't be GoT then.Pros:Great and well developed story.Characters have alot of backstory.Nice artwork.Violence.Hard decisionsAnd last but not least,Feels.no game goes without flaws...Cons:Bad lipsync from time to time.Plotshieds.Ramsay Snow.Hard decisions.(personal) had some huge issues with the sound, ♥♥♥♥ed up my soundcard...But that isn't that bad al all, we just need something bad to write about right?I would highly reccomend this game to every GoT fan i know, add a completely new story to the 'Lore(?)' and it won't dissapoint because of the new characters, you'll fall in love with them.OverallStory 8/10Characters 8/10Sound 7/10tension 9/10playtime 7/10"
,Recommended,330840,15038817,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,JON影,"Simply amazing, for both book readers and fans of the TV series."
,Not Recommended,330840,25035764,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,The End Is Nigh,"This is the first Telltale game I've played to completion, and sadly it was a rather forgettable experience that I wouldn't recommend to most people.I enjoy the show and the books, but part of the issue is that the game adds nothing to the SOIAF world. Asides from the occasional cameo from charatcers in the show and the occasional familiar location, the story and setting is almost completely seperate from anything happening in the main story, with the exception of the opening sequence. As a result, even as a fan of the base material, there is little to keep me interested.If you don't mind having story set in the SOIAF world which has no meaningful connection to the main story, and don't mind the fairly stale Telltale gameplay then maybe there is something here for you. But otherwise I wouldn't waste your time."
,Recommended,330840,13217316,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Ducky,"Since I know nothing about the world of Game of Thrones, I cannot review this game based on what it should be (to honor the name). Instead, I can tell you how I experienced this game, and what I think of it as a (Telltale) game. I shall not discuss any story spoilers, and this was written after having played the first episode, Iron From Ice.In short: buy it. It's good.The story (while confusing at times if you're not familiar with GOT) is immersive and the characters are likeable. You will soon realize that you will not be able to please everyone, and the characters in the game will respond to that. As for game design, I appreciate the fact that they were going for a more realistic look when it comes to the characters. The animations are still rather stiff and occassionally, I would find myself being distracted with the textures in the background (who would switch from sharp to blurry rather frequently).Another thing that bothered me was the lack of mouse sensitivity, and I did not see an option to change it in the options menu. While I managed to handle it so far, during action scenes or while making quick decisions, this could negatively affect what happens. I doubt it's my computer since all other Telltale games seem to have perfectly normal mouse sensitivity.But yes, I look forward to playing the second episode. The first episode did enough to familiarize me with the world, my allies (?) and enemies, and set itself up for an intriguing sounding next episode. This is a good (Telltale) game, and so far my favorite of this year. I've only played 4 Telltale games so far, but perhaps it could eventually knock The Wolf Among Us from its first place. I look forward to finding out if it will."
,Not Recommended,330840,13798972,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Gespenst Gaming,"My choices not mattering is what kills this game for me.If i can't change my fate then why am I given the illusion that I can?If this was a true adventure game, where conversations mattered because saying the wrong thing gets you killed and thus makes you lose the game it would be more interesting and the story would be better instead of just ""here you picked this guy to support, but in the end you die either way."" Telltale if you want to tell a tale, tell a single good one instead of a few with just pallete swapped characters (because that's what your choices boil down to, a different character saying different things but having the same effect on the story/game)I WANT to like this game, but it has boring QTE events that are the only way to lose, followed by dialog choices that don't matter.You need to learn something from dating sims as well, and add a skip already read text feature to speed up replays to see how our choices don't matter differently. (at least dating sims the choices actually kind of matter for the ending)"
,Recommended,330840,23671497,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Tundra,"Another one of TellTale's great games, although not all your choices change the story, this game still has an amazing story, my only complaint is that it follows really closely to the House Stark storyline in Game of Thrones the television series. That being said any fans of the books or television series should definitely give this game a play. I enjoyed every minute of the game, the twists, the shocks, and especially the story, all the things Game of Thrones / A Song of Ice and Fire fans enjoy.This game is definitely not perfect, the biggest problem with it is how most of the choices don't affect the story at all. because of this I have to give this game a 9/10.I hope TellTale makes a season 2 for this game, it's definitely good, just touch up on a few things!Result: 9/10 - Great Game!"
,Recommended,330840,13206482,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Lorgand,"As a fan of everything Game of Thrones and A Song of Ice and Fire related I don't know what I expected when I bought this game, after beating the first chapter I had to get up and walk around my house that's how livid I was.It was like reliving reading the books but from a different equally ♥♥♥♥ed up perpesctive.If the other chapters end up being as good as the first, it will finally be satisfying to have a good Game of Thrones game out there."
,Recommended,330840,17894359,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,asepwashere,"(Review dalam bahasa indonesia dan sedang memainkan episode 3 dari 5 yg ada)Game ini adalah game QTE pertama yg saya pernah mainkan.Sejujurnya saya pernah mencoba  A Walking Dead versi bajakan karena rekomendasi teman saya dan impresi saya setelah mencoba game tersebut adalah 'meh'.Terus kenapa saya beli game ini?Sederhana,saya suka Game Of Thrones.Baik serial ato versi novelnya. Konon game ini dapat mendapat lisensi resmi dari HBO,trus saya berpikir ""kenapa tidak mencoba ?""Saya sejujurnya tidak terlalu suka game genre QTE alias 'lo harus mencet gini loh boss"",""hey coba gerakin ke sini"",""Klik tulisan ini supaya karakter kesayangan lo gak mati"",dst.Bahkan TotalBiscuit,tidak suka game seperti ini.Terus apakah game ini jelek dan membosankan?Jawabannya:Tergantung.Loh kok? Pertama,kalau anda mengikuti alur cerita serial Game of Thrones (ato GoT),anda pasti suka dengan game ini.Game ini mengisi plot2 kosong yg ada di serial GoT walaupun hanya game ini hanya berupa 'canon' alias tidak bergantung banget sama serialnya.Saya memuji pengisi suara game ini,seakan menonton serial tv-nya.Saya beri 10 dari jangkauan 10 untuk hal ini,tidak terbantahkan.Plot cerita?Sangat sulit game ini dipahami jika tidak  mengikuti cerita serial GoT,jadi lebih baik anda menonton serialnya terlebih dahulu.Saya jamin anda tidak rugi menonton serial tv HBO paling sukses  ini. Oh tiap episode kurang lebih 2 jam untuk menamatkannya,dan sampai sekarang saya tulis,ada 5 episode yang sudah rilis.Grafik?""Biasa wae"".Sekip aja,gak ada bisa dibanggakan kecuali artwork indah yg bakal muncul di scene2 tertentu.Gameplay?its QTE alias lo harus mencet sesuai petunjuk.Nothing special.Overall, yang bisa dibanggkan disini adalah plot cerita,artwork dan voice acting.Kalau anda suka game2 yg menekankan drama seperti Life of Strange,Alan Wake,dan sejenisnya,ini cocok buat anda TAPI dengan syarat anda mengikuti plot serial tv Game Of Thrones.Karena jika tidak anda ikuti,anda pasti tidak lebih 5 menit memainkan game ini.karena saya suka game of thrones dan game ini memilik cerita layaknya ada di tv,saya merekomendasi game ini dengan syarat yang telah saya sebutkan di atas."
,Recommended,330840,13203796,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,enormhi,As for the first episode very worthy of the Game of Thrones title. Great start of the story and good addition to Game of Thrones lore.Technically a tiny bit flawed. Anti-aliasing doesn't make edges smoother it makes them weirdly blurry and sometimes subtitles don't match the audio. The audio sometimes just isn't there.
,Not Recommended,330840,30637239,Posted: 20 March,all,TronEvo,Great game aside the fact everything you chose leads to the same results and there are bugs everywhere
,Not Recommended,330840,13949163,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Fjällräven,"A disappointing poor product clearly rushed out to capitalize on the show's popularity.I was sceptical for a long while, as one should with licensed games, but then I played the excellent Wolf Among Us and figured that it's still a Telltale product, and thus ought to rise to a certain level of quality. Not so.First of all, the most important element of any visual novel, the writing, is shoddy, dull, and repetetive. I didn't keep an exact count, but approximately one third of the lines are just variations of ""this House is your responsibility now"" or ""our House is on the line here."" Constant flat statements about the core of the story in the manner of a childrens' movie and the main cast of characters are such obvious one-dimensional copies of the Stark family to the point where it's comical. In addition, the dialogue options you're given are often so similar to each other as to feel pointless.Furthermore, the gameplay, and I use the term in the loosest sense possible, is terribly unengaging. The story is heavily railroaded during the dialogue segments and the actiony bits might as well have done away with the QTE-inputs altogether. Sure, this is how these Telltale games work, but previous titles have managed it much better. In The Walking Dead there were action beats where you could die because you'd forgotten to pick up a shotgun shell in the scene before, and the story progression would take breaks for you scavenge areas for supplies or have conversations with characters that fleshed them out. The Wolf Among Us didn't do much with its action sequences, but there you got to have ""detective"" scenes where you'd search a place for clues, and future dialogue scenes could change depending on what you found or missed. Game of Thrones does nothing like this. There are two or three scenes where you get to walk around and look at things, but they're frightfully empty of both fluff dialogue and quest objects.Finally, the graphics are dogshit, there's no way around it. I'm in no way a graphics ♥♥♥♥♥, but when your game is pretty much a semi-interactive movie, presentation is everything, and Game of Thrones is poorly presented. The models' movements are stilted and awkward, the facial animations of talking characters are badly desynched and characters who aren't talking spend a lot of time staring blankly into space rather than listening to and reacting to what's being said. Worst of all are the textures, which even on High look like they belong in a game from 2004, not 2014. I also found the voice acting to be really hit and miss, which is disappointing considering how on point it was in Wolf Among Us.¨All in all, I think this is a bad game which reeks of being rushed out to soon. How the negative reviews on here can be outnumbered ten to one by the positive is a mystery."
,Not Recommended,330840,31206638,Posted: 17 April,all,mikeburnfire,"As much as I love Telltale's games, this one was very disappointing. Story was uninteresting and characters were forgetable. Some choices were difficult, but ultimately had no consequences."
,Recommended,330840,13216993,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,ุ Y,"AWESOME! cant say more about it, its just AWESOME!but: where is hodor?"
76561198039369748,Recommended,330840,13205372,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,FoxTheGod,"Okay let me get one thing straight, I am a HUGE fan of Telltale Games. Since the release of The Walking Dead Season 1 and I am waiting eagerly for every new release of theirs.Game Of Thrones, the famous TV Series is getting a game from the amazing developers of Telltale Games. I, for myself never watched Game Of Thrones before. At first I was a bit worried that I wouldn't be drawn into the lore due to lack of knowledge but Telltale taught me otherwise. From the first moment forth I found myself mystically drawn into the world of GOT. I was not in any way familiar with the lore but Telltale managed to set me up for what was actually going on here.This being Telltale's second release in two weeks (!) really hits the target of storytelling and immersion with a bullseye.Since this is an episodic game, I will write a review for the first episode now and expand the review as soon as the other episodes are released.EPISODE 1:Episode 1 does a great job at drawing you in, which is pretty much what a beginning of a story is supposed to do right? Well it does it fairly well at that matter. The soothing britirish-accent of the voice actors really have something in my opinion.Remember Tales From The Borderlands that was released a week ago? It was good in my fair and honest opinion. But, and that is the point, it didn't have that Telltale WOW-feeling. It was funny, yes, but it was in no way as good as say, The Walking Dead.GOT is serious. Dead serious. Where you laugh in TFTB, you freeze in awe, staring at the screen, praying to the 7 lords of heaven that everything will turn out fine. Most of the time, it doesn't (Telltale loves to torment us). But this is where GOT really shines. The gameplay has little to no changes from TWD and TWAU. But in my opinion, it doesn't need any. I play Telltale Games' games because of the story and the interactivity, seeing my actions actively impact the forthgoing of the game.GOT is the kind of game that crashes into your home, slaps you in the face, then tells you it'll be alright, gives you a few loving characters and says ""Here my boy/girl, hold them dear, friends are rare here"". Then it makes terrible things happen one by one. I often caught myself praying to myself that the next part will turn out fine. Well, it will most likely not. But I love that. The last few moments of Episode one had my chin hit the ground floor and me sit in awe, having watery eyes because of desperation. Do I regret playing it? Not a single bit. This might even make it into my games of the year list. But due to the episodic releases, I guess that'll have to wait until next year.(Pros/Cons):+ Amazingly immersive world+ Impressive art design+ Ability to actively influence the outcome of any given situation+ Great Voice Acting+ Goes out with a ""BOOM"" and leaves you begging for more+/- No real ""gameplay"". Feels more like an interactive movie- Minor ""beauty-flaws"" (Some clipping or sometimes a weird bug in the dialogue audio. Nothing that can really draw you out though)- Episode 2 isn't out yet.Summary:I can not give my final opinion yet, since I've only roughly seen 1/6 of what Telltale has in store for us with this tile, but what I saw was absolutely fantastic. It of course is completely up to you if you like those kind of games. Everyone has their own ideals for the games that they want to play and that is totally fine, but for me this is absolute game of the year material.Telltale is love, Telltale is life-Zenix"
76561198114044014,Recommended,330840,13201435,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Цицерон,"The game lived up to expectations, teltale worked hard on the game, 10/10p.s Sorry, im bad speak english(I hope you understand me)"
,Recommended,330840,19214282,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,CorvusCorax,"Telltale's adventure game tells the story of the Forrester House, a dynasty that allies itself with the Stark and find itself in danger after the Red Wedding. This 6-episode long story parallels with the TV series from the end of season 3 till early season 5.Checking the trailers  and pictures one can already guess how much detail Telltale has put into this. It is just superb - we have all our favourite characters returning from the show including Cersei, Tyrion and Ramsay Bolton or even Jon Snow. You recognise the actors from the show and shiver when hearing their texts are spoken by the same voice actors. I particularly liked the oil painting effect that was applied to many backgrounds - it is something very neat and makes the game look pretty cool.The formula is the usual considering it is yet another Telltale adventure: you mainly pick responses when in dialogues and you also have fight sequences. QTE events now occur more often than in previous Telltale titles and also expect the game to be very violent. I mean VERY violent. And expect a lot of sacrifices - if you hated Martin for some of the things that transpired on the TV show you'll hate him even more for some of the choices you have to face in this game. I believe so far this game has offered the toughest choices of all the Telltale titles.It is an emotional ride that superbly accompanies the TV show. A must for all GoT fans but remember to prepare yourself for the game - if you think you have seen everything you'll be mistaken as the game has some nasty surprises for you. The game has a nice story build-up but once reaches its conclusion it does not really offer a satisfactory ending. Since there are some questions unanswered expect a Season 2 just like in case of Walking Dead."
,Recommended,330840,27948420,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ryne,"10/10 -What a awesome game this was. The artwork is beautiful. I never got bored with the story which kept me on edge the whole entire time. It's really gory, shocking and raw. I never watched Game of Thrones before but I think I am going to start now."
76561198013736671,Recommended,330840,23573696,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,ZETΔ,"Enjoyable game from Telltate Games ! Story is good and voice acting is well done.The only bad point is that the game is a bit linear (Some choices don't matter), therefore grab it only when it's on sale ;)"
76561198010366879,Recommended,330840,13268400,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,halfbeard,Game play aside enjoying to get more of the GOT story that the tv show doesnt have time to fit into a shooting season. Much liked the game and felt like i was in GOT story line. Though the game was simplistic the choices were not and make tough decsions in a game is always entertaining. Sad about not being able to affect the major story with my choices I did enjoy determining how the story played out. Overall I Liked it very much.
,Recommended,330840,19230599,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,maestro_xvi,"This game is really depressing. A good telltale game with great writing, but man, depressing. I'm going to go play some Fez. I DON'T WANT TO MAKE THOSE CHOICES AGAIN D': Recommended for anyone who likes telltale, Game of Thrones or being depressed. I guess they all go together quite well, now that I think about it."
,Recommended,330840,19209221,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Raven,This game is ♥♥♥♥ed up.
76561198040820836,Recommended,330840,14712147,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,MisterWarthog,It's a game.
,Recommended,330840,14588491,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,yung lean,No ♥♥♥♥♥♥s - 0/10
76561198006000771,Recommended,330840,16547461,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,LangePier,"I really enjoy this game. Telltale gets often negative feedback about how the choices do not matter, its true the plot is often the same. Yet I think the choices you make do matter, because it changes the experience of how you get towards the plot. If you are a GoT fan this game is actually worth buying! The story has me on the egde of my seat every episode so far. The plot twists are as shocking as the TV show."
76561198068375085,Recommended,330840,13221926,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Charlemagne,"Wonderful game.The story, soundtrack (from the show), voice acting, and visuals are all superb. I cannot wait until the next episodes come out. It is very true to the lore and themes of the series.Protip: Don't love anyone."
,Not Recommended,330840,19137020,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Jay :(((,"Spoiler AlertIF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A FULL STORY THE ENDING IS A CLIFFHANGER IN PREP OF A MOST LIKELY SEASON 2This game made me want to smash my computer screen.As expected from GoT DONT GET ATTACHED TO A CHARACTER THEY ARE GONNA DIE ONE WAY OR ANOTHER, all the decisions you made either makes you regret it. You either feels sad that a character dies or feel angry that a they were humiliated to the point you want to smash your screen.The ending was a cliffhanger and made the whole going to North Grove useless until they make season 2.If you dont want to feel depressed as ♥♥♥♥ after every eposide dont buy it.HOWEVER IF A SEQUEL COMES OUT I RECOMMEND YOU BUY THIS SO GET A FULL STORYIn terms of buying the game, I dont think the full price is worth it, wait for it to be on sale."
,Not Recommended,330840,19185224,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,fabuloushouseboat,"There are elements of Telltale's Game of Thrones that are good, but overall it's kind of a convoluted mess. The main problem is that it's got the worst narrative elements of the show--having to balance multiple POV characters in varying locales, making it incredibly difficult to feel any particular emotional connection to one character or another. This makes some of the choices you're presented with feel rather empty, and it prevents the game from even approaching the emotional intensity of The Walking Dead or The Wolf Among Us.With regard to choices, a lot of folks seem to be complaining that their choices don't ""matter""; that is, they don't change the overall plot. This doesn't really bother me, because I don't expect them to. This is an adventure game afterall. What I do expect is that the choices are difficult and emotionally affecting. As noted above, the narrative structure of the game can work against the choices feeling profound, but there are a number of decisions through the series' six episodes that do really stick with you.While the game does a pretty good job of fully fleshing its POV characters, the villains are one-dimensional and cartoonish, and the guest appearances from series regulars largely feel forced. The game has interesting implications for the GOT?/ASOIAF universe due to some of the events of the last episode, but of course there's always the question of whether the story will even be considered canon. (That said, it does seem to be canon in the universe of the TV show.) Ultimately, I am interested in seeing if the North Grove shows up at any point in either the books or the show.It's hard to say whether I recommend this game or not. I feel like it was an interesting experiment on Telltale's part, but it's one that's largely unsuccessful. Hopefully they will learn from their missteps here and the inevitable sequel will not be such a mess. Still, I did enjoy playing it, even as I found the endless POV changes a bit gruelling. I could see fans of the show going either way on it--it expands the show's universe in a potentially important way, but it can be a bit of a slog to play. Telltale diehards will likely be disappointed, but will get a lot out of seeing what works and what doesn't. In the end, it's a pretty big disappointment after the highs of The Walking Dead seasons 1 and 2 and The Wolf Among Us. I wouldn't recommend buying it for full price, but if you catch it in a sale, it's worth your time."
76561198068430673,Recommended,330840,14360021,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Poogers555,I asked a man if he ♥♥♥♥ed poatoes...10/10
,Recommended,330840,13205090,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Jack-XII,"Loved the first episode. All of the same emotions and pain you get from the books and tv show. Came to expect nothing less from Telltale. It's basically like watching extra episodes of the show with interaction.It helps that all of the main characters from the show are fully voiced from the actual actors, adds to the immersion and overall Game of Thrones feel. If you are a fan of the Ice and Fire books or the show, get this game."
,Recommended,330840,19159640,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,The Hidden Knight,"I love the game, Waited for episode 6.... and when the update came out my data was gone ALL OF IT ;~:Amazing game though."
76561197992009849,Recommended,330840,13274801,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,ReinhartTR,"Know what you're getting into before you purchase. Do you make decisions, tough decisions? Yes. Do those decisions ""matter""? No, the story will go on very much the same way they will no matter what you do. Does that matter? Well, your mileage may vary. Personally I enjoyed Episode 1 very much, it was engaging, well written and it played with my emotions just like all good stories should. And that's just what this is, a story, a visual and interactive story but a story with pretty trappings and little else.That said you WILL enjoy this infinitely more if you have seen the show and/or read the books as I have. Is it worth getting if you're not familiar with the material? That depends on how much you like Telltale's format. I found myself tailoring my decisions based on what I already knew was going to happen to the canonical characters, you may find this interesting or distracting, I found it a bit of both.Visually it is pleasing enough. It has an ""oil on canvas in motion"" quality to it, but it isn't gorgeous and it isn't perfect. There isn't much action to be had and what little there is in Episode 1 centers around the squire, Gered. Honestly though, if you're getting into this for the visuals or flashy action sequences you're probably barking up the wrong tree. Like I said, this is a story and a damn good one.My play time (2.6 as of the writing) is about what you can expect if you take your time, read everything, do everything and ruminate for a bit on the decisions that don't require you to make a snap judgement. If you blow through everything expect to clear it in half the time. But do you skim a good novel? No, you savor it, you may re-read a passage here or there. Personally, I can't wait for Episode 2 but know this isn't for everyone and read well about the mechanics of Game of Thrones before you pull the trigger."
,Recommended,330840,13207555,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Hot_Chicken,"Game of Thrones - A Telltale Games Series.I just finished playing through episode 1 and 2, and when you're as much of a fan of the show and books as I am, you realize how great of a job telltale did on this game. Lots of voice actors and characters from the show, sticks to the game of thrones theme but doesn't interfere with the main plot, an entire new story to explore!You get to stick a pitchfork in a guys neck. 10/10"
76561197989619836,Recommended,330840,13268917,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Chewbacca,Brilliant game. Not recommended for people who haven't watched the show / read the books.Definitely a game for Game of Thrones fans. And it's made by Telltale Games. Can I ask for more?
,Recommended,330840,13203135,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Dusty Pants,"This game is simply incredible. If you're a fan of the series on HBO or if you read the books, you have found the game for you. This game is nothing but intense action and tough decisions will be required. The actors from the HBO series portray their characters perfectly in this game. Needless to say, this game has intense story telling, nerve-recking and shocking moments, and decisions that have consequences. It speaks ""Red Wedding"" (you should know what this means before you play)10/10"
,Recommended,330840,13274604,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Knazy,"If you like other telltale games, games that gets tailored by your decisions or just like Game of Thrones then this is def a game for you. You immediatly get sucked in the story and you feel a need to protect your house/clan even tho you know nothing of it to begin with. Think twice before you make a decision or you'll sit there with your jaw down on the floor like I did by the end of episode 1. It has nice surprises and is interesting the whole journey. 11/10 would play again.After playing the entire first season, I still agree with everything I said above. The decisions gets harder and even if you think you made the right decision, only a few minutes later you found out it wasn't. Atleast in this game you can go back to an older save instead of living with your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ decision, not like in real life."
,Recommended,330840,13417020,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,TharCoser12,Wow..... another great game by telltale. 6 episode in total.i like this kind of game. really recommend this game to those who like:And wow...... the decision..... is really hard to chose which one is the better decision.this game is really intense... because we care about the character so much.i usually cry when a nice character died in this kind of game.And another thing i like about this game is the villain. telltale make the villain so good that we don't like the villain and wanted the villain to died so badly.every desicion in this game is matter.10/10 for me
,Recommended,330840,19222986,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Shal,"on episode 1 im stuck because it wont let me lift my shield, is this happening to anyone else?"
,Recommended,330840,19225299,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,ขมิบเบาๆ,I like this game :)
,Recommended,330840,16984485,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,ButterPecanTam,Huge lady boner over this game. :)
76561197970679519,Not Recommended,330840,19971257,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Silverjazz,Binary endings where everything character's go through feels like it was for nothing... Much like Game of Thrones then I guess.
,Not Recommended,330840,20095745,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,PlayZor,"This game is such a disappointment and the only good thing about the game is that they got some of the voices from the TV-show.The illusion of choice is broken quite quickly and makes the whole game feel meaningless. Unfortunately the game also do not offer a complete story as promised, but instead only a part 1 out of 2.Conclusion this game is not worth buying and if you like games with choices I would recommend Life is strange instead."
76561197969320416,Not Recommended,330840,20338748,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Barker Ashpaws,Do you like Game of thones? Then this silly game is 4 U!There are bad men and one bad man is worst of them and he skins people! EXTREME! I tried to killhim but he laughed and said he had narrative immunity and floated away on a cloud that looked like Santa but really fat and with a filthy beard. ♥♥♥♥ this game.
,Not Recommended,330840,21060090,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,CosmicDoger~*,"For the first 2 episodes of GoT I really enjoyed myself and it seemed that my decisions actually had an impact on the world. Things were doable. I had confidence. By episodes 3-5 I started becoming frustrated that absolutely nothing I did seemed to have any impact whatsoever. But I kept hoping that it would all turn out in the end. I still had some confidence. When it all went to♥♥♥♥♥♥in episode 6 I thought to myself ""well OK, I guess I made really poor decisions."" I wasn't too surprised by this because in GoT you have to be ruthless, and I always try to play the nice ""noble"" way. However after doing some research I found out that there are only about 4-5 major decisions throughout the entire game that actually matter. And even then, they really don't. At least not in this game, and at this point I don't even want to play the sequel. No matter what decisions you make, the end of the game is 99% written in stone to set up the sequel. This is unforgiveable and as a result it was one of the most frustrating ""games"" I have ever played, once the illusion of choice wore off. NOTHING you did had any consequences.***SPOILERS***As Mira, nothing you do in King's Landing ever comes close to helping your family. Even finding out about the conspiracy against your family, trying to make deals with your family's ironwood, trying to get help from Margaery, Tyrion, and even Cersei at one point. Absolutely nothing prevents Mira being brought down and eventually choosing between a false marriage and execution at the end of the game.As Gared, he wanders off to the North Grove which is made up to be extremely important, and the power you find there will surely help the Forresters. No. Wrong. We finally get there by episode 6 and you know nothing about it by the end of the game except for that it's run by crazy blood magic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s of Lord Forrester and it will probably fall eventually. Again, no consequences seen in this game.As Asher, you spend your time trying to gather an army for your family and no matter what choices you make, the best you can do is bring back about 6-7 sellswords and yes, still have the gall to call it an ""army"" as you arrive at Ironwrath. At this point in the game I was just dumbfounded. Yeah, these 6 dudes will surely fight off the entire Whitehill army. Except that the game makes you think you can!! When you're about to get attacked, the plan is to lead the army into your walls and fight them off 300-style, and this will be after killing Ludd, so they will be ""scattered"" and unorganized. Yes, there was still hope!! No, none of that happens. Even if you try to defend the gate, and after killing Ludd, Ironwrath gets stomped into the ground. Nothing you do saves Ironwrath. Yes, some of the Forresters can survive, but by the end of the game you just feel like you've been♥♥♥♥♥♥on a thousand times.Because of the GoT universe, I was definitely expecting some unfair circumstances to play out. But to this level... You never had a chance. You get♥♥♥♥♥♥on in every scene. Everyone sees through your lies within 1 second of opening your mouth. Every time you think you've finally triumfed, the next scene has you realise you're just digging your grave deeper, or you just don't ever see the consequences of that decision, they are simply swept under the rug. There is no hope. There never was. A very disappointing game. Go play Wolf Among Us instead."
,Not Recommended,330840,19150550,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,A Pirate Monkey,"Disapointing.It's interesting to be in the world and experience it first hand, but it's extremely frustrating to play.When you read the books or watch the show you feel helpless for the characters but there is an eb and flow to their fortunes. In the game that isn't the case.I wouldn't want to spoil anything and it might be worth playing for a few of the better scenes, but after I'd tapped 'A' for the twentieth time or chosen one of two bad choices I was given yet again, I'd had enough. I finished the game but I wish I'd stopped after episode 3 or 4."
,Not Recommended,330840,19847543,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Eazy Pete,The ending seems rushed and is a cliffhanger. The entire story just seems to in the favor of the antagonists. The choices you make doesn't really seem to have impact on the ending. My least favorite telltale game.
76561198042721498,Not Recommended,330840,19848685,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,WhyAlwaysMe,Game is basically just choose how you how you die... You feel like your choices have no real impact on anything
76561198118400541,Recommended,330840,17595898,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,ThatZommy,"Well...How do I keep this spoiler free?So. So, so, so. Yes, I recommend the game fullheartedly. Honestly, one of the best games in my library. I'll try and go through why, but the pro's aren't so much in great number as each one is done so wonderfully that it could stand alone.First off, I love theart style. A lot of people don't, but I find it wonderfully original. The mouth animations can be sketchy when someone is talking, though, with the lips occasionally just not moving. However, over all the animations are quite good, and the graphics add to the atmosphere. Nonetheless, some people may not be a fan, so keep that in mind if you're thinking about getting this game.Next, thevoice actingis great. I never even think of it as acting, it never seems off in any way (Aside from the aforementioned mouth animations). The characters from the TV show are voiced by the same actors, as well, so there's no issue there.The gameplayis surprisingly fun and interesting, as well as somewhat difficult. Despite GoT being more about the story, in fact almost entirely so, I find the gameplay to be very well made. However, I have had a few issues where my input just didn't do anything, resulting in my death. Occasionally I've also misclicked with important dialogue options, though that's my fault. Fighting also feels oddly powerful, which I like. I may just be clicking to do something, but that clickfeelsright, itfeelslike I'm causing this attack. And that's the point.The framerateis comfortable, even on my potato. In windowed mode, there may be some slight lag occasionally, but it only lasts for a moment and hasn't affected gameplay yet. The music also occasionally repeats a note or segment, but it isn't lasting and hasn't to my knowledge affected the dialogue. However, when I attempted full screen it seemed much laggier, so if that is an issue I'd recommend simply setting it to a small(er) window, and then see how it does. However, it could also just be my computer, as I'm not quite up to minimum specifications.The storyis absolutely positively undeniably perfect. Yes, I did just say all that. Yes, it was stupid. Nonetheless, I'm in love. The characters are human, to the point where I feel bad as I kill them or they are killed. The progression is nice, where I'm always experiencing something new while not being overwhelmed. The antagonists genuinely feel antagonistic, which I wasn't used to at first, but is quite nice. You don't understand the hatred I felt toward the antagonists, how much I wanted to choose that face-punch option, how horribly angry I was... And remember, these antagonists are on a computer. Completely fictional. But my goodness were they easy to hate. And no, it's not a ""This person kills puppies and threw his grandfather down some stairs"" hate. That would just make me laugh at the stupidity. It's genuine, ""My god this person deserves to die"" hate. Which makes getting back at the antagonist, and winning a battle with them feel amazing.Moving on from that ramble about hatred toward fictional characters, the protagonists are also somewhat easy to love before they stab you in the back. I've grown attached to multiple characters that I suspect will die. I've also grown apart from characters I originally liked, and begun to like some that I began by disliking. They feel human, something most games aren't able to accomplish because of their focus on graphics and gameplay.To finish, if you don't care too much about graphics, and you're more interested in story then gameplay, buy this game. It's worth the money. It's great. Get it. And don't blame me for the immense amount of hatred you'll build up.Also, sorry about my overuse of words like Genuine, Wonderful, and Awesome. I got carried away. About halfway through I started mumbling with my pretentious voice too, so that might have affected this somewhat. Hope this helped in some way."
76561198025228144,Recommended,330840,18425465,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Nin,Big fan of Game of Thrones. Telltale games did a good job on this. love this series by far
76561198082122232,Recommended,330840,19203431,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,PerseuSavior,"This is one of the three games that have made me cry... all three were TellTale Games.This game is for the truly appreciative gamers. You have to be OK with sitting through some dialogue and scenes where not much happens. You just have to understand that the game is completely atmospheric, and the point is to make you feel connected with the characters. This goes for all TellTale games. While there are some parts of the story where there is not much action, the actions scenes are completely BA and will make it worth it. TellTale is my favorite publisher because their games really make you think and ask yourself, ""What would I do in this situation?"". If you are worried about buying this game and not liking it because you don't watch the show or read the books, that's OK (neither did I). You don't need to know much, but I would suggest looking up the outline of Game of Thrones online so that you can fully understand things that are said and done in this game."
76561198087772642,Recommended,330840,16558416,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Danny'sgreasybody,Who would pay for a kill Walder Frey DLC ?btw grate game!
76561198077294556,Recommended,330840,16805860,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,plom,Very interesting take on how the war between the kings has effected other smaller houses.Very succulent as well!
,Recommended,330840,17171907,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Spivey,Olly you sleezy little♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10
76561198025531773,Recommended,330840,17201205,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,DreamWarriors,"Choose option 'a': You got your brother killed.Choose option 'b': You got your sister killed.Choose option 'c': Lord Ramsay can't die story wise so tough luck.Choose option 'd': Silence? Now you will be flayed.Telltale and their illusions of choice is frustratingly obvious through repeat playthroughs.BUT, I LOVE IT. Top notch storytelling and voice acting.However, my advice is to wait until all of the episodes have been released before purchasing, because waiting is going to make you drink all of Lord Tyrion's wine. And the dude needs his wine."
,Recommended,330840,17229078,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Antevortex,"Probably one of the best games I have ever played. I bought it about a day ago and could not get off, the story is incaptivating and keeps you on the edge of your seat. Every choice you make affects how the game plays out, meaning if you mess up you can end up changing the story. Just like the Game of Thrones series every character has their own unique story leading the character to develop, but try not to get too attached because no one is ever safe especially when you play the Game of Thrones. 10/10 TellTales nailed this game"
,Recommended,330840,18487486,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,L Lawliet [RED],Can't wait for last episode!
,Recommended,330840,19165805,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,nogoodreason,"If you're a GoT fan this is not to be missed, but make sure you've watched until at least season 3 to avoid spoilers. TellTale have outdone themselves with this one.Very true to the series (so, y'know, don't get too attached to people). Lore-friendly and voiced by the original actors. The use of multiple interwoven storylines makes this a lot less tedious than previous TellTale games. Highly recommended."
76561198012212848,Recommended,330840,19335482,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Pinga,"If you like Game of thrones series you will like this game.Short description – It’s a movie based game where you make decisions of what you think is right. There are consekvense's of your actions as you will soon learn. You “play” as several members of a house and there are only a very small portion of action based gaming (move in a room, duck, defend yourself) but 95% of the game you watch and make decisions."
,Recommended,330840,19374349,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Nighthawk,"PresentationBased on the already popular series ""A Song of Ice and Fire"" created by George R.R. Martin, Telltale managed to add its own unique twist on the Game of Thrones formula, presenting the story of House Forrester during their battle against the Whitehills. The story kicks off after Lord Gregor Forrester's death, leaving the position as Lord of Ironwrath open for his sons. In the absence of Rodrick and Ahser, Ethan, the youngest of Lord Gregor's sons takes over as Lord of Ironwrath and that marks the start of an incredible journey for the Forresters, as the Whitehills have the support of the Boltons, so each remaining member of House Forrester takes a different path to find support for the family. As limited in scope as this story might seem compared to the main plot from the books and the show, the action takes place in various locations, as Gared Tuttle, squire to Lord Gregor is being sent to the Wall, while Mira Forrester is gathering support in King's Landing and Asher is looking for an army across the Narrow Sea to bring back home once he gets word of his family's situation. You will take control of each one of those characters as you meet already known characters such as Tyrion Lannister, Queen Regent Cersei or Daenerys Targaryen, as well as completely new characters, each one with its own unique personality and role to play in the story. It wouldn't be a Game of Thrones experience without the heart-breaking moments, which Telltale's adaptation does not lack, but what makes this stand out as a one-of-a-kind experience is how you have a direct involvement in those moments, similar to other Telltale titles before, as you will often have to take difficult and heart-breaking decisions, deciding who lives and who dies. Unfortunately, regardless of the promises Telltale has made before and fail to fully accomplish them, those decisions rarely have an impact on how the story unfolds further, and when they do it's even more disappointing once you realize the only thing your decision has done was to open up a new line of dialogue.Rating: 9GameplayIf you have played a Telltale game before, you're probably familiar with how those games work, and Game of Thrones is no different, using quick time events, point and click environment interaction and dialogue as the mechanics used to play the game. It all depends on the moment here, while the first chapter takes a smoother and more introductory approach to get you acquainted with the characters, focusing mainly on the dialogue and paying attention to what each individual character has to say, the fifth and sixth chapters are the more action-focused ones, relying more on quick time events and your reflexes to add tension in the heat of the battle or in desperate moments. Unlike other Telltale games that came before it, it's quite surprising how absent the moments of exploration are; if you have played something made by Telltale before you probably remember those scenes where you go around clicking every dot, just to see what happens or what your character has to say about that item. That is something you rarely see in Game of Thrones, as what's happening on the screen will always keep you focused and excited to see what's coming next, but in that same manner, not adding enough variety makes those quick time events feel overused and it eventually becomes repetitive. Even when that happens what's going on story-wise will still keep you entertained, but on the gameplay side, there isn't anything new to the Telltale formula we've already experienced before, and even the things that were there before are not organized well enough to make it feel fresh, leaving you with a sense of repetition as you will always keep your fingers on the same buttons waiting for that quick time event to trigger. On the brighter side of things, dialogue makes this Game of Thrones experience feel personalized, as you will get different responses depending on your answer, and even though the things you say or do throughout the game rarely have an impact on the outcome, it's nice to see how characters react to your own personality.Rating: 7GraphicsIt won't take you long to realize this isn't the prettiest game you've seen this year, and as a matter of fact it's pretty far away from it, as the entire game feels outdated once you take a closer look at the animations and how bulky some of the items look; the art style Telltale has chosen for this game doesn't help much with that affirmation either. Leaving that aside, this does look and feel like Game of Thrones, from the memorable landmarks such as The Wall or King's Landing, to characters such as Daenerys or Margaery Tyrell and all the environments and locations surrounding them, it all feels legit and placed there with a purpose.Rating: 8AudioOf course that song we all sing every morning in the shower is here, among with some other catchy tunes that lighten up the mood in the game; combined with the great use of audio effects, Game of Thrones sounds amazing and it stays true to the book's roots. The voice acting on the Forrester side is great and the dialogue is well written, but the greatest part in all this is that the actors from the TV show are all here to voice their characters, so Lena Headey, Natalie Dormer, Peter Dinklage, Kit Harrington and Emilia Clarke have all recorded the dialogue for their characters in game, which makes this entire experience feel like you are an active part of the Game of Thrones story.Rating: 10ExtrasThe entire season takes around 12 hours to complete, but since there are no collectibles or different endings depending on your choices there isn't much reason to replay it a second time, so a one time experience is all that you get. Even with the 28€ only price tag, you might wanna wait for a sale to grab this, especially if you haven't watched the show, which you totally should before even considering buying this.Rating: 6.5VerdictIf you haven't watched Game of Thrones, you should probably do that before getting into this, mainly because the game kicks off after Season 3 of the TV show so it's pretty much full of spoilers about what happened before, and secondly because you probably won't understand much unless you are familiar with the lore of Game of Thrones already. That being said, this is a must play for any Game of Thrones fan as it offers a unique story in the GoT universe which truly makes you feel like you are a part of.Rating Overall: 8.1Check out the full review and a lot more about Game of Thrones - A Telltale Games Series athttp://gamedragons.net/viewtopic.php?f=7&t=368"
,Recommended,330840,16625229,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Eisenreich,"Speaking as one who has no experience of the other Telltale games to compare this too, I find this very enjoyable and worth playing. The setting and plot feel very authentic and in line with Martin's world, it doesn't try to be overly adventurous, the Forresters parallel the Starks in many ways, but I like how they wrote this as an accompaniment to the main series, while still including key characters and locations (and voice actors) from the main story.I love the art style, not sure why some complain about it in the negative reviews, it's rather reminiscent of the style and atmosphere of the Crusader Kings II art I find.In terms of story telling and quick time events this is a thrill to play, and the characters are appealing. Where this falls down for me mainly is the script (even compared to the TV series which can go over the top at times this seems to use excessive swearing, which just feels like lazy writing to me), and how very limited this actually is in its ""choice"" level. I don't know how the other Telltale games compare, but this really is a case of influencing how others view you it seems and very little else, maybe choosing to save or kill very minor characters, this is about it really, unless in the last two episodes it does drastically affect the ending. It's a shame, as the way you deal with characters and conversations in this game feels like the central aspect of gameplay, and is a lot of fun and quite challenging, but you quickly realised how flawed it is and how for the most part the same things happen and the same people get annoyed regardless of what you say or what choices you make.These games could learn a lot from the likes of Deus Ex and the social component of its gameplay, which really does produce distinct outcomes.Also regarding the music, it's very good and fits perfectly, but you do get a bit tired of hearing the same limited tracks over and over throughout the series...Overall though a good experience, absorbing and worth buying."
76561198019595089,Recommended,330840,17159501,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Punch Party,AWESOME
,Recommended,330840,17166824,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Crispin,This game is an abusive love hate relationship.  It's fun sometimes but for these last few episodes it's just pain.9/10P.S. It breaks my heart to see how much Talia has changed. ;-;
,Recommended,330840,17168317,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,br7ian,Just started playing this... LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!
76561198073241631,Recommended,330840,17171621,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Annoyin' Mercenary,"Great game, lots of plotting just as it should be"
,Recommended,330840,17215179,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,KingPancake,"A fun point and click game. Not many choices, and if there are major chices, they don't really effect the gameplay at all. Turning out the story in your hands is the fun part though."
,Recommended,330840,17217147,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,noop sled,Game of Thrones. Everyone you love dies bro bro :cry: cman
76561198029904609,Recommended,330840,17219391,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,bear_storm,A game about watching all your careful choices and little victories turn to dust around you.
,Not Recommended,330840,19968561,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,mag0r,"In the beginning I liked this game. But the last two episodes were really disappointing. The story doesn't  have an ending, it's just waiting for season two - and that's something I can't forgive.I didn't really mind the not-so-great-graphics, the wooden animations and the weird ""jumping"" facial expressions in the first few episodes but in the end it began two annoy me. I can't really recommend this game. ""The Walking Dead"" and ""Wolf among us"" were much better. I fear the Telltale magic is slowly wearing off."
76561198041865216,Not Recommended,330840,21002815,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Storm,"It gets tiresome having to go back and relive 10 or so minutes of game because the mouse moved at the last second and you ended up choosing dialogue you didn't want.  Even without that, just not a very good game.  Very disappointed."
,Not Recommended,330840,19173310,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Moderation,"Remember how you feel when you watch/read Game of Thrones and every character you build empathy for ends up dying? This game is exactly the same, except that it feels like they're all dead because of you. That story was depressing at the beginning, the middle, and at the end."
76561197973562708,Not Recommended,330840,20188613,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Unknown,"Arguably the reason most people play this genre of game is for the immersion into the story. The belief that your decisions with impact and have effect on the story outcome. Since in this case they absolutely do not, I would go as far to say Telltale may be exposing themselves as a bit of a fraud with GOT."
76561198007891120,Not Recommended,330840,20934876,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,hmblitz,"This is the first review I ever write, while the game felt enjoyable at first, it quickly became clear that none of the choices matter. Developper seems to think that Game of Thrones fans enjoy being tortured over and over.Play this game as none of your decisons change anything and watch hopelessly while your entire familly crumbles to ashes. Save yourself the money, lock your balls into a safe and swallow the key, same thing.0/10 - would not recommend this waste of time to my worst enemy."
76561198003824251,Not Recommended,330840,21043556,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Soundwave,"When you start this game you're excited to be in the ASOIAF universe and you think things like, ""Oh, neat!"" and ""Hey, that's fun!""  Buuuut, after bunch of little details and inconsistencies start building up and you realize your decisions don't matter you start saying to yourself, ""wat"" and ""huh?"""
76561198042082863,Not Recommended,330840,19148488,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Habib the Magnificent,get ♥♥♥♥ed simulator
,Not Recommended,330840,19858157,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Sharp,"It's hard to pick a starting point to list all of this game's problems, but maybe a good start would be Telltale's old, buggy engine being reused. While the studio does have the capacity to produce very fun and interesting games, such as Tales From the Borderlands which was produces around the same time as this one, Game of Thrones might easily be considered Telltales' worst game. It often pulls twists for the sake of shock, the characters aren't likeable or interesting, plot armor runs rather rampant (especially noticeable on the second playthrough) and the story is very unfullfilling. Most of Telltales' games are better when you see them as movies, but this game fails at both departments, I'm afraid."
76561198060245094,Not Recommended,330840,20275473,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Zaiko,"Can't recommend because your choices really don't matter at all and the game sets up too much for season 2 offering hardly any conclusion to your time spent playing. It's nice to be in the GOT universe and the story isn't bad, but there's no gameplay and the writing isn't up too par with the show, which is what it should be compared to since your choices are inconsequential even within an individual episode"
76561198118050145,Not Recommended,330840,21066500,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Elite Jr.B Prospect,"I can't believe I put any time whatsoever into this game. Highly unsatisfying. It had potential but it fell flat. Most of the ""choices"" in this game are completely arbitrary, and the ending is extremely disapointing. Don't buy this.Very, very disapointing."
76561198038573003,Not Recommended,330840,20013503,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,plantagenista,"It was a bit buggy for me, and I don't think that my decisions really had any influence on the outcomes of the characters. Definitely no replay value for me."
,Not Recommended,330840,21026811,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,galvanic,"This game is very true to the source material. It is entirely up to you to decide how each of the player characters will suffer and perish. (Spoilers for people who don't know anything about Game of Thrones: all men must die.)Not recommended because this is not the kind of story where player agency means anything. Better watch the TV show, or better yet, read the books."
,Recommended,330840,19843445,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Tundra Scorpion,"WARNING! THIS REVIEW WILL CONTAIN SPOILERS! READ AHEAD AT YOUR OWN RISK!I like Game of Thrones as much as the next person. I've watched the series on HBO, I've read most of the books the show is based on. So when I heard that Telltale was working on one of their story-driven point-and-click adventure games set in the world of Game of Thrones, I got excited. What draws me into Game of Thrones is how diverse it is in a world that looks and feels massive, the size and scope never ceases to impress me.But for the game itself? It was okay. I'm in a small minority here, but I wasn't all that blown away with this adaptation, it felt underwhelming but at least tried something new for a Telltale game.So I'll start with the positive stuff, and just so you know I am ultimately giving this game a positive recommendation, I just don't think this is Telltale's strongest work and it shows.What's good is the scope of it, this is probably the most ambitious project Telltale has done so far, instead of taking on the point of view of one or two characters, you get five. The combat sequences, being little more than quick-time events because come on, this is Telltale we're talking about, are quick-paced, intense and really fun and satisfying. The cast is talented and Telltale even brings on some of the main actors from the show, like Peter Dinklage as Tyrion, Lena Headey as Cersei, Iwan Rheon as Ramsay Snow, and they all do a magnificent job.The environments are very well made too.The story in a real cut and dry description is as follows: You play as several different members of house Forrester, loyal banner to the Starks of Winterfell who are known for their craft in ironwood, a rare type of tree whose wood is, as the name implies, is as hard as iron. Starting off at the infamous Red Wedding, the game focuses around how house Forrester works to stay afloat after winding up on the losing side of the war, trying to stay intact while fending off their bitter rivals at house Whitehill who are bannermen to the Boltons, the wardens of the north.The game takes on the role of four different player characters, each filling a notable role played by the characters in the HBO television series: You've got the house lord, the maiden in King's Landing, the exile across the Narrow Sea and the ranger of the Night's Watch. All of them having their roots in house Forrester and each of them playing a part in the protection of their house.Now to my first problem with the game: The player characters are boring. In the show, each of the characters has a unique and relatable personality that they use to work off of eachother, making realistic conversations and interactions. In Telltale's adaptation, the characters are all blank slates with no noticeable personality (except Asher, but we'll get to him later) and basically act as a prop for other characters and the setting to project themselves onto. Rodrick is just an honorable lord whom we've seen a thousand times, Garret is the well-meaning boy we've seen a thousand times and Mira and all of her segments are the most tediously dull being ever concieved. The saving grace of these characters is Asher, the exile across the sea. His segments are more fun and far more memorable than any of the others because he has personality. He's cocky, hot-headed, charming and absolutely full of himself and the way he works off of other characters creates some of the best dialogue not just in the game, but in my opinion all of Telltale's previous work. Every interaction he has with his mercenary friend is always a surefire blast to watch.On the opposite end of the spectrum: Mira. My god she is awful. It seems like every line of dialogue to come out of her mouth is whining for help for her family. Her story is that she's a handmaiden to Margaery Tyrell in King's Landing, and her contributions to house Forrester is working the intricate political jibber-jabber of the city in the most slow-paced segments in the game. And her segments go absolutely nowhere. When the coal boy mentions that he's working for people who want to help her? Goes nowhere. Choosing your loyalty between Margaery and the queen? Goes nowhere. All that irritating rumor talk with her increasingly annoying friend? My god it never ends. Everything Mira did over the six episodes accomplished absolutely nothing to the plot, left no memorable impact and could have been left out alltogether and you wouldn't miss anything. I don't think I've ever cared this little about the fate of a playable character in a Telltale game, I literally left her fate on the flip of a coin that's how much I didn't care. Asher's segments were great, Rodricks and Garret's were okay, but Mira? I wish I could skip them entirely.For the other characters in the game; they were all so predictable. I knew Lord Forrester was going to die in the first episode, I knew Rodrick didn't die, I knew who the traitor was, I knew who the bad guys are because they're so obvious they might as well be wearing a t-shirt that says ""Look out! I'm a meanie! Don't trust me!"". The only time I was actually surprised was when the always enjoyable Ramsay Snow stabbed Ethan in the neck, after that shocker the story and characters all follow the most cliche routes, again, except Asher. God I love that cheeky little sellsword.Now I'm not saying it's bad, the story never really did anything that's god-awful. It was just so predictable that I found myself losing interest quickly. I'm not saying it's a terrible game or that you're wrong for liking it, I just wished the writers worked a little harder to make it more unique.The Telltale Tool is an older game engine, and never before is that more visible than here. The graphics seem to have  a ""hand-painted"" theme to them, which isn't bad on it's own. But there is this distracting shimmer-like depth-of-field effect that is just horrid to look at. The main focus of the game is the story, and in order to really get into the story the viewer needs to be immersed, and this depth-of-field effect is so distractingly ugly to look at that it takes the viewer right out of the story. Telltale has worked around their dated engine before: In the Wolf Among Us for example they used hard-lined cellshading to give the game a heavily stylized appeal. In Game of Thrones their attempts just look cheap and lazy, and took me right out of the immersion. But credit where it's due: Telltale's recreation of the opening credits for Game of Thrones is really freaking awesome.Finally, and this to me is the biggest problem: The choices really feel like they don't matter in the slightest. I've looked it up and no matter what you do, house Forrester will be shattered and their seat of power burned to the ground (hey I've given you a spoiler alert, don't get moody at me, you were warned). I've already mentioned that Mira's segments did literally nothing to advance the story, so we'll skip past her. The choices from Rodrick/Ethan's segments, which are supposed to have the most direct impact on house Forrester since they are the lord of the house, make no difference. It doesn't matter who you choose as your adviser, it doesn't matter if you execute the criminal, it doesn't matter if you keep or lose your betrothal, the outcome will not change. Hell, even Asher, whom I made lord of house Forrester because I really couldn't care less about Rodrick, did nothing to make any difference. This wouldn't be as bad since Telltale has given their games a final judgement segment in the final act of their previous titles, a few examples being in The Walking Dead your choices decide who in your group will help you in the final mission, or in Tales from the Borderlands where your choices decide who you can call for help. In Game of Thones there is nothing of the sort, instead just giving you a report card of what your choices were.In all. Meh. Not the best, but far from the worst. Ran out of room."
76561198084675745,Recommended,330840,19161859,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,gingerninja69,"No matter how many critics or people say this game is crap and a waste of time i will always stand by it.i have never seen Game of Thrones ever but i still managed followed the story and i loved it. sure your choices dont really matter that much in the end but i think telltale are planning something bigger and they will affect how season 2 will play out, i may be right or wrong.But to be honest i didn't really care that much about the 'choices' in this game because its just a really great story, telltale don't really make games they make interactive stories and thats what i love about them.10/10 would be sieged again the whitehills"
76561197990855491,Recommended,330840,19162078,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Kurraak,"Great game!  Of course I'm probably just biased because I love pretty much everything that's A Tale of Ice and Fire.I'm anxiously awaiting season 2 as I'm sure many others are!Again, Great Story!"
76561198094554656,Recommended,330840,14815191,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Raccoon,"This is exactly what a story focused game should be like and Telltale have successfully created a gripping story from a TV/ book series again. This time they have created an original story based in George R.R. Martin's hugely successful ASOIAF. Telltale have outdone themselves by recreating how HBO's Game of Thones plays out using actors from the TV series as voice actors helping you to immerse yourself in the world of Westeros. They have created what is basically an interactive episode of Game of Thrones by using the exciting situations you would find in the show. They have done a great job of ending on a high note just as the series always does.In this game you control different characters from a Northern house, House Forrester. The members of this family are seen in many of Westeros' famous settings allowing you to see everything the world as to offer from Kings Landing to The Wall and Essos. Your rival House, House Whitehill, seeks to claim your family's reknowned resource Ironwood for themselves and you must use anything you have to stop them.PROS:-Original story-Relatable and interesting characters-Exciting endings-Great recreations of the World-Actors from the show-Exactly like how Game of Thrones would act-Great ChoicesCONS:-It was hard to find any cons to this game. The only thing I can think of is the background graphics. The charaters looked amazing up close but the background graphics, while not a huge problem to me, were washed out unlike the other Telltale titles.I highly recommend that anyone who is interested in ASOIAF and Game of Thrones should buy this game. It will not disappoint."
,Recommended,330840,16231801,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Cypphex,Game corresponds flawlessly with the show. Another success from Telltale.10/10 would be rude to Cersei again
,Recommended,330840,16693208,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Myrmidon,"Game of Thrones is one of the best shows ever made and this game does it justice. Telltale made this game as gripping, intriguing, shocking, depressing, and especially as intense as the show. It may or may not be the best Telltale game, but it is fantastic either way. I was on the edge of my seat every episode, concerned about every choice I made and the consequences that would follow. Game of Thrones is a game with a great story and one where your choices truly matter."
,Recommended,330840,16826843,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Deku★,"Love the story line, could say its as good as the show itself. <3"
76561198017051760,Recommended,330840,17165898,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,adamsworkshop,if you love GOT you need it and it is some of Telltales best storytelling. you will cry..... shhhh it's ok to cry playing this ....I won't tell anyone
