user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,330990,13247468,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Mindy,"I was really excited for a new Artifex Mundi (hereafter referred to as ""AM"") game to arrive on Steam, but unfortunately I can't recommend this.I love AM games and own all the others that are available on Steam, but this one is simply not up to par with what I've come to expect from the company. I noticed that it was only published by AM and was actually developed by a different company, so perhaps that's why it falls so short for me.The story is weird, uninteresting, and doesn't make a lot of sense. In some scenes the graphics are poorly rendered and the game mechanics are glitchy. The music is repetitive and doesn't suit the atmosphere well. The puzzles are extremely easy to the point of being boring (I like relatively easy puzzles because I like to relax when I play games, but the puzzles in this game are over the top). There are typos, misspellings, and awkward use of English (I understand these games are not made by native English speakers, so I am forgiving, but this hasn't really been an issue in other AM games). To top it all off, the game is quite short; I played through both the main and bonus stories (which by the way, the bonus story was a bit weird and had little to do with the main story) in about 3 hours.All that being said... I still mildly enjoyed playing this. It's a decent way to pass the time and is really lovely to look at. If you're a fan of this type of game, give it a go if you can get it on sale. But if you're new to the genre, try a different AM game because I don't think this one will leave a very good impression."
,Not Recommended,330990,33088039,Posted: 1 July,all,Faudraline,"Well... The experience that wasDemon Hunter: Chronicles from Beyondyet again proved to me that I was spoiled by Artifex Mundi's personally developed treasures to a degree of not being able to enjoy anything mediocre. That's why I was delaying to complete this one. Sure, the game carries the Artifex Mundi label, but only as the publisher. The developer team here is Brave Giant LTD - a developer of no small standing in HOG genre. Still, being their first and oldest game in the market, this one is clumsily done to tell the least.My narrative about the plot - which is really, really shallow and not surprising at all - will contain spoilers, so be warned. Our protagonist in the series is Dawn Ashford, adopted daughter of Professor Ashford, who decides to return to Iowa Island after the mysterious demise of the professor. According to tabloids, his assistant is missing and no one has been able to enter the mansion after the event. Weird enough, we encounter no one when we arrive the place, rather than our senile neighbor and the fisherman which inhabits the lighthouse. No police, no reporter, no investigators... As Dawn progresses to explore the premises, she manages find a way into the mansion through obscurely challenging and even surreal means, she meets the infamous assistant who tells her that they've accidentally opened a portal to a demonic realm. For one reason or the other, we keep aiding this shady assistant, even though he keeps appearing and disappearing before our very eyes in a puff of black smoke. I mean... Dawn must have been a bit dim witted. Not so really surprisingly, we end up aiding a random demon to open the portal permanently, then find a conveniently stored diary page that explains we are a member of a long lost sect of demon hunters, alongside the medallion that may defeat this evil! I mean, come on! This is the mother of plot dumps! After that, the mansion blows up and we are the only survivor as our blood deems us strong.Phew, as you may see for yourself, this is a complete disappointment as a story. What about the display, you ask? Well, it most certainly is not the most breathtaking in the genre, but environment art is enough of a success to establish some sense of aesthetic, by huddling up all the clichés of the genre one after another: secret garden, haunted mansion, occult laboratory, underwater site... We have all here, one after the other. Characters, on the other hand, lack any kind of esthetic composure or personality. The voice acting is terrible, the CGs are plain funny and no one bothered for a lip synch animation.The gameplay isn't among the most satisfying either. There is tremendous backtracking, which is somewhat eased up a bit thanks to quick transport option within the map. HOG scenes are a dark stock and not easy on the eyes. They always contain one or two morphing objects that you should keep an eye out for. Also, they are sadly overused, considering we visit each and every HOG scene twice, or even thrice in some parts to prolong the game. Some of the puzzles are challenging and enjoyable, but achievements tied to them are timed, so if you were to accidentally got out of a puzzle or reset one, you may say goodbye to the relevant achievement, or you gotta replay the game just for the sake of getting that one. This is simply cruel if you ask me.If you'd like a decent HOG, pick something else. If you are an Artifex Mundi fan, pick something else also. Hard core HOG lover? Maybe you'd have a chance. Anything else to say about this title? Hmmm, I sincerely do not think so. Considering there are two other games in the franchise, I hope that I'll be getting a better experience from the following games compared to this one. Most other reviewers out there say that I won't, but here is hoping. Good day, and good gaming to you!Please also check out Lady Storyteller's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
,Recommended,330990,16947904,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Bacon Overlord®,"One of the original games by this developer and it shows.  It's not as crisp or animated as some of their more recent games, but as you progress through the story you begin to see where some of their ideas started and how far they've come.Still a good game and definitely worth playing through."
,Not Recommended,330990,26641929,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Usagi,"On the surface,Demon Hunter: Chronicles from Beyondlooks like a very exciting game. The title mentions a demon hunter so perhaps this game is filled with action and lots of supernatural excitement. Unfortunately, that’s not what you get with this game. While it’s a functioning hidden object game that will keep your brain working everything else about the title falls short. If you’re considering this game make sure it’s on sale or in a bundle because it isn’t a bad play through. What is lacks in story and graphics, it makes up with by having fun hidden object scenes and puzzles.The story is one of the weakest parts of this title. You play a woman named Dawn, who returns to the island where she was raised, after the death of her guardian Prof. Ashmore... And that’s about all of the story you get. There are some sprinkles here and there and at the end you find a book which in one lump of text explains Dawn’s heritage but for most of the game you could be playing a random plumper named Joe and nothing would change. The main character has no personality, rarely speaks, and despite the title promising demon hunting there isn’t much of that. The main bad guy is a demon, who you’re not even hunting but come upon by chance and then you win. If you’re expecting the bonus chapter to shed any further light on things don’t hold your breath, it adds nothing. In the bonus chapter Dawn is in a coma caused by a demon and she has to fight to awaken herself. The best way I can describe this story is bland. It’s very bland.What makes the game worth owning is the gameplay. If you’re a fan of hidden object games then you’ll be content with this title. It has quite a few scenes, though most you have to visit twice, and mixed in with the scenes are morphing objects to add a bit of challenge. There are also plenty of mini games of varying difficulties. What I disliked about these, however, is that some are directly tied to Steam achievements so if you mess up you don’t get the achievement. If you’re not worried about that or playing the game on a different platform then you’re fine. The game has a helpful map that shows points of interest as well as lets you teleport around. You are also given the choice of two levels of difficulty to play.The graphics in the game are decent. The backgrounds are well done as are all of the hidden object scenes. Where the game falls short are the character’s themselves. Most seem lifeless and at times it feels like different artist did different characters making things a bit inconsistent. Also, the character animations are pretty bad, very stiff. The audio is sadly not much better. The background music is repetitive and the voice acting is horrible. Dawn thankfully doesn’t speak much, something I usually dislike but in this case I was alright with because her voice actress was just not very good. On the plus side, the sound effects aren’t so bad at least.Demon Hunter: Chronicles from Beyondisn’t the best hidden object game on the market, in fact it’s far from it. While I have played worst, I was expecting more from this title so I was left disappointed with the end result. If demon hunter is in the title of the game then I expect to go demon hunting. As I mentioned before, if you get it from a bundle or it’s on a good sale then go for it, it’s a good hidden object experience purely from a gameplay perspective. It also has Steam trading cards and achievements to collect if those tickle your fancy. If you’re in the market for a more well rounded game in this genre, however, keep looking.Usagi’s RatingMust buy.A good game to buy.Only buy if on sale.Mediocre.Avoid at all costs.Lunar Productions"
,Recommended,330990,24497638,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Vic=HKC=,"This game was one of the disappointing opus in Artifex Mundi's catalogue. I can feel clearly that it's not developed by them. Why was I let down this time by my favorite developer/publisher for casual adventure?Dawn Ashmore was adopted by a professor when she was young. But when she learns of his death, she comes back to her hometown to investigate. Soon, she's discovering her origins - Dawn has red eyes...The story is well-written up until you meet the evil behind everything... the game should have stopped there but the writers thought that it would be fun to let Ragnar (the evil entity) and the poor soul being possessed live a little more while you explore the rest of the mansion. Don't worry, they'll wait for you. So, they'll let you do everything in your power to destroy them. Clearly, it would have been better if the big revelation came at the real end, not at the 3/4 of the story.The gameplay is quite standard: hidden objects scenes (with objects switching forms), puzzles, items to find and to use. However, while the puzzles are easy, the hidden objects scenes are quite a challenge... if you're not playing in English. When you're playing in another language, nothing is making sense. I mean, for French, you ends up with fischietto rosso or tagebuch or even bad translated words (for a compass to draw circle, which is compas in French, you ends up with diviseur de printemps... (spring divider)). And from what I gathered, it was worse in German as it was the story itself that was badly translated. Also some actions are boring.The graphics are good, as the soundtrack, as it's very fitting to the story, though I didn't understand how you can end up with a Kraken suddenly.Demon Hunter: Chronicles from Beyond wasn't reviewed before because I hoped that a language patch would be released. Apparently, nothing was done, which is surprising given the fact that they patched the other game that was worse than Demon Hunters in terms of translation, Princess Isabella: Rise of an Heir. If you except the language problem (I'm pretty sure that English was unaffected), Demon Hunters is still a pretty decent game. It's only for that that I'll put a thumb up but keep in mind to switch to another language if you don't want to end up to search the meaning of a word (or you do your own translation guide, like I did for the French version)."
76561198104781556,Recommended,330990,13290775,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,K-Star,"i am two hours into this game and it is already proving to be among my artifex mundi faves. most richly detailed and textured artifex mundi game yet, with the usual gamut of good puzzles. i wish there was more of the piano soundtrack in the background, but unlike some of the earlier games from this polish developer, this one features much better voice acting (except for the hot hipster scientist guy whose voice is jarringly mismatched). overall well done chlopaki from artifex mundi"
,Recommended,330990,21410546,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Thalatte,"Game InformationDemon Hunter: Chronicles from the Beyond, is a HOPA* game, developed by Brave Giant and published by Artifex Mundi.*HOPA - Hidden Object Puzzle Adventure.Game VisualsI want to mentioned that the visuals for this game is well done. The visuals can be adjusted in the option menu.Game AudioI want to mentioned that the audio for this game is well done even if it's simplistic and somewhat repetitive. The audio can be adjusted in the option menu as well.GameplayThere are only two difficulty game modes to choose from: Regular and Expert.Diary Notebook it keep tracks of the story events and objectives.The inventory panel is stationary. No option for making it non stationary.The interactive map allows the player to fast travel between each location quickly. It also indicates there are tasks that needs to be done at certain locations.Most of the game's hidden object scenes consists of traditional word lists with some or no interaction. Most of the hidden object scenes can be replayed in the bonus section.Most of the game's puzzles are fairy easy to solve without having the need to skip any of them. Most of the puzzles can be replayed in the bonus section.There are four collections with collectibles to collect in the game. They're spread throughout the game to find.There are twenty-eight different achievements. But each of these achievements has certain requirements before they can be unlocked.Since this game is a collector's edition, the bonus chapter, it picks up where the main story had ended; it can be accessed when the main story it's completed.MiscellaneousSince this game is a collector's edition it has some bonus contents. The contents: concept art, movie, wallpapers, music, puzzles, hidden object games.There are total of six different trading cards. You only get the three of those cards from the game. There are several ways to get the rest of the trading card: Purchased from Steam's Market; Trade with friends; Booster Packs and it's Booster Pack Creator.Final thoughts, I've found this game enjoyable to certain extend. The replay value for this game is low. I would recommend this game but not at the full price.http://store.steampowered.com/app/330990"
,Recommended,330990,18336384,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,shiaakuma,"This is another decent Artifex Mundi contribution to the genre and while it has many familiar aspects of an AM game, it's not the most stellar addition to their library.  However, despite some shaky plot (or lack thereof), it has all the HO and minigame love that fans of the genre will appreciate.Sound and music is done well enough.  Nothing that stands out and nothing that's terrible.  Graphics look nice enough for the game type.  Animation is minimal but decent, especially the final scenes.  HO scenes are detailed but not challenging.  The game adds ""morphing"" objects that can only be clicked when the in correct form; this would be irritating except for the quite fast change time which means you won't have to wait more than a couple of seconds for it to flip back.  If you don't have the patience to wait five seconds, you may not like it.  I didn't mind.My single grouch with the game is the lack of plot; there's some good setup, then a lot of not-much, until the very end when you get a chunk of information sort of tossed at your head.  But even that information is scanty, and not in a ""you have to roll it around in your brain to make a conclusion"" awesome way.  I'm hoping the bonus chapter has some more back story but it honestly should have been in the main game.The game time isn't terribly long, so like most of these games, I recommend waiting for a sale.  It's running about two hours for the main game (I haven't done the bonus content yet).  With the short playtime and sketchy plot, I wouldn't get it full price.  But with a sale, I wouldn't hesitate to grab it.  It's a fun playthrough even with the plot issues."
,Not Recommended,330990,13485029,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Peake,"I enjoyed this game, although it is one of the weaker titles in Artifex Mundi's Premium Adventure Collection, all of which I have played (although this is the first I've gotten through Steam).The graphics were  nicely detailed and skillfully drawn, not too dark.  The hidden object scenes were not too easy, but not particularly challenging -- except for some of the item listings being misleading (due to translations, I suppose).  One listing, though, I found particularly annoying.  I try to complete the hidden object scenes without any misclicks if possible, and this one had 'Flask' listed in a laboratory HOS -- the table had many flasks!  Grr.  However, I particularly liked the morphing objects in the scenes.  I didn't experience any graphic glitches during my playthrough.Voiceovers were well done and the the music was fine.  However, I should point out that I'm happy with music as long as it doesn't distract or annoy me enough to turn it off.  This music fit well into the background for me.The puzzles were of various difficulty, but all were somewhat on the easy side.Two main cons I found with this game -- first, it is somewhat short, and the second is the story.  Besides the introduction, the occasional cutscene and a bit towards the end, there is very little story.  The premise was interesting, as I progressed through the different locations, I kept looking for things to find that would answer some questions about the main character's background or heighten the mystery about her mentor's death -- old films, pictures or letters, a tale from one of the characters interacted with ... something!   No real suspense or tension where I was eager to press on to find out what happens.   No real explanations really as to why certain, um, things were found at the residence.There was certainly enough space to include more elements -- the locations had plenty of places where more content could have been added to great effect, and increase gameplay time.  In fact I was somewhat surprised at the relatively few things one had to do in each scene.Summary:I wanted to like this game -- it's obvious alot of work went into the development, and for a newer developer (Brave Giant Studio) it's a commendable effort.  However, in my opinion, the lacklustre story presentation offsets the technical and artistic strengths to the extent that I cannot bring myself to recommend this game.   If they come out with a sequel, I'll certainly look at it -- but only if I could try a demo first and see if the story will draw me in before I made a purchase.Features not listed in the game description here:- Two levels of difficulty: Casual and Expert.- Different types of collectibles- Morphing objects in the hidden object scenes.- Travel Map- Bonuses - Bonus Game, wallpapers, music, replayable cutscenes, hidden object scenes, and puzzles."
76561198054469963,Not Recommended,330990,31493475,Posted: 1 May,all,rymalla,"The game doesn't always acknowledge your clicks. A pretty hefty sin in this genre.Puzzles repeat and consist of overly simplistic ""old favorites"" that have been around long before computers and the telegraph.These games don't usually excell in storytelling. I know. But the logic holes in this narrative are so severe no amount of willing suspension of disbelief can cover them. The theme set out by the title and main character's backstory I thought was criminally underutilized.The aesthetic is pretty spot on and the voice-acting is  suitably camp though. The point-and-click parts have some amusing moon logic."
76561198036498823,Recommended,330990,15967341,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Solanum nigrum,"It is Artifex Mundi. ""If you played one, than you know them all."" which in this case is one of the few times in gaming where it comes to be the most positive thing about a point&click ""slash"" hidden object you might ever hear.10/10 Artifex - You make me droll - Mundi(Hint: I like them all)"
76561198066945171,Not Recommended,330990,29829260,Posted: 10 February,all,Hineko,"This game is, unfortunately, not up to par with what can be expected from Artifex Mundi, even if it is only published by them and not actually of their design.The story is full of holes, some conclusions require spectacular leaps of logic and having to refer back to the diary constantly when you actually want to follow said leaps gets tiresome really quick. The puzzles are fairly standard.Additionally, when last I fired up this game it had, apparently, gotten a German localization, and since my machine's language setting is German it switched the language. The translation is... not great. I would have much preferred to be able to select the language for myself."
76561197970807945,Recommended,330990,13502406,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,flygare,"I bought this came at 50% off, making it better value for the money than other reviewers. It's not up to the same standard as the other Artifex Mundi Hidden Object games, and is a bit short and uninspired. At the price I paid I think it is fair value for the money."
76561198074809721,Recommended,330990,13290582,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Gerri,This game is a very good one. I found it has good graphics and I really like that it has so many hidden object scenes. sound effect are good and the story behind it is interesting. For the price of this game I would give it a hands up
76561198034276568,Not Recommended,330990,33888508,Posted: 29 July,all,Miggrator,"The plot was disjointed at best, the voice acting was just okay, and the whole game just felt underwhelming.  I'm forcing myself to play to the end because I hate paying for games that I don't finish, but I'm certainly not enjoying it."
76561197971341065,Recommended,330990,19961853,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,sfnhltb,"Another competent hidden object game that is perfectly playable and easy to recommend as long as your expectations aren't too high.Overall the story is decent enough but fairly predictable and sparse, and fairly random/illogical at times - for example the way of rescuing the clock hand from the fountain, or the way you use lightning and then immediately stand in the very recently electrified puddle while the storm continues to do a hidden object scene, etc.The English translation has a number of mistakes, but luckily nothing that really affects gameplay much (cigarette bud confused me for a few seconds, and it took a while to get used to looking for a compass when asked for a divider, although I think in this case it is technically the correct term for the tool, but rarely called by this name at least in British English outside of specialist circles). The voice acting is fairly decent, although there isn't a whole lot of it - and mostly it is your protagonist narrating events in cut scenes.In terms of gameplay the point and click sections are all okay, if prone to fairly random events happening, the puzzles are all okay but very easy, and the hidden object scenes are fine apart from the weird morphing thing where objects you need to collect turn into something else you can't click on for a short while. This can attract your attention to the movement on screen (but 50% of the time to something you can't collect) or make you think you have checked an area when you have actually missed it, I am not sure this really adds anything, it just sort of randomizes how difficult scenes are a bit. The standard map with teleport and pointers to where you can do stuff is included, which is always a plus especially in games where you jump around between locations over and over as you do here.The extra chapter in the collectors edition is pretty well done and atmospheric, although the puzzles are a bit repetitive (in the 7 or so rooms in it, you do the 7/5 capacity beaker thing you already did in the main game right at the end twice more for example), and given the amount of running back to the first room that happens later on it is annoying the map teleport is turned off for the bonus chapter."
,Recommended,330990,13727460,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Lycanthropic Paranoia,"Great game, point and click, with of list of things to find and puzzles to solve tasks. If your not into puzzles then you wont like this game. So dont buy it and give it a bad rating. Its actually a great game. Great visuals and fun to play."
,Not Recommended,330990,13299730,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Marcelloz071,"Demon Hunter: Chronicles from BeyondRating: 5/10tl;dr; : Nice kitty, just don't feed it and play something else.Hidden objects so search and find, decorated with minigames, collectables and Steam Achievements.Started it and finished it in about 4 hours. A weak one with a forgettable story, weak animations and morphing objects which really is annoying.Better pick one with a positive rating."
76561197991391480,Recommended,330990,22261462,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,wyldrose,"Eh, on the fence a bit about this one. Gameplay was fine, but the ambiance suffered from ignorance of the 30s, a failure to look up the word ""flask"", and a demon summoning portal design inspired by Stargate having a head-on collision with Contact."
,Not Recommended,330990,31825759,Posted: 18 May,all,✩ cℓσvεяsтειη ✩,"Wow, I never expected to be this disappointed by an Artifex Mundi game. Or this irritated. I'm glad I grabbed this at a discounted price.The story was totally random. I wasn't even exactly sure what was happening at first. Who am I? Who is that?  How is this connected? I was only slightly interested in it towards the end of the game.I missed a hidden object achievement because some of my clicks weren't registered correctly or not registered at all. The hidden object scenes weren't awful, some of them seemed to be in a lower quality. Not that that's a big deal. The mini game achievements require you to solve them in the first try, which doesn't sound hard, but there's a chance you totally won't understand what you're being asked to do. So, if you screw up or click out, you miss your chance for that playthrough.Maybe buy it when it's discounted...or look for a free key.I don't even want to replay for the achievements I missed. Which, includes the tutorial achievement that I skipped. Not even that. I won't even go back for that."
,Recommended,330990,34230844,Posted: 14 August,all,M ☆ U ☆ K ☆ i ☆ i,good but not great.not worth in full price.
,Not Recommended,330990,31736078,Posted: 13 May,all,soitgoes19,"Pretty bland HO game. The game is very short (I completed the main + epilogue in 4 hours), and the story is rather thin. It's pretty, but the puzzles are very basic."
76561198064153655,Recommended,330990,14999291,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,KarliN,"The story of 'Demon Hunter: Chronicles from Beyond' is good. Enough to enjoy. Puzzle and the Riddles are also fun of course but I believe the main fun part of these type of games are interesting stories. Thus, it has all it needs. It's time to concentrate a bit for fun.+) Good and light storyline. Enjoyable.+) Interesting riddles and puzzles. One of them is challenging but mostly it's reasonable in difficulty.+) For those of you who doesn't speak english as mother tongue, you can learn a lot of uncommon vocabularies.-) Sometimes the puzzles and riddles are ridiculous in the way of being solved but I suppose it's for you to wonder."
76561198063193728,Recommended,330990,14941410,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Sayanne,"To be very brief -> Love it.Very fun point and click.Good storyline, nice graphics.The characters are fun."
76561198238849744,Recommended,330990,23037271,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,CrystalBooness,This game had pretty good graphics and good hidden objects games.
,Not Recommended,330990,17095871,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Ocean&Space,"The story is potentially interesting, but the game is too short, the enigmas too easy and the click zone way too wide. I kept going back in the previous zone, when I just meant to click on something a bit south of the page."
,Recommended,330990,17931699,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Lilith,"A short, but a good game.I was a bit worried after I saw the reviews, but their is no reason for it. It's a good little game with nice Enigmas and good pictures.If you want a short game which entertain you for a time, take this game"
76561198044641183,Not Recommended,330990,29754389,Posted: 6 February,all,zoeywonderdog,"too short, too many misspellings/mislabeled items"
76561197970078168,Not Recommended,330990,18077194,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,hermetico,Average point&click and hidden-object adventure game.Not a consistent story.
76561198166639509,Recommended,330990,13315107,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,robertharmon1943,wow what a game great
,Recommended,330990,16669035,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Coreplant,"I actually had quite a lot of fun playing this game! Admittably, the logic in places is  . . dreamlike at best, nonsensical at worst, and the storyline could have used a bit more polishing. Overally, a decent HOG, and if you  like more solid plot, wait until this game goes on sale."
76561198095610487,Not Recommended,330990,18947844,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,[M4Y4] Vella,"It's Artifex Mundi, i know but all I can say is: NOPENOPENOPE!"
76561197989215538,Recommended,330990,18156414,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Ucpteddy,"First thing to mention, As i don't think anyone else has said it, Jeffrey Combs (Re-Animator / The Frighteners), Is in this game, While the game (to me) is so far the worst i've played from Artifex mundi (even tho they worked togeather with someone else on this one), It was fun playing thru mostly due to that the ""scientist assistant"" you will be bumbpin' into now and then is Jeffrey Combs. (They've basicly taken him straight out of Re-Animator, n put him in this game), He's my favorite Mad scientist ever.The music.. Isin't that great, But it does put you in the mood of going thru a creepy mansion, thingy.There is alot of achivements compared to any other Artifex Mundi game, Altho i couldn't be bothred with most as you only get 1 shot in the game, and you've got a timelimit (replay the game to try again).There is hint & skip buttons, So thats good. (as there are some very frustrateing puzzles).Some puzzles demands you to be able to see colors (Not as userfriendly as the other A.M. Games.).The mouse sensetivity feels really slow (Was like a chore to move the pointer around, At least for me).To me, This might be the worst i've played from Artifex Mundi, But.. i'd still say 4 / 5, Becouse of Jeffrey Combs. (without him 2 / 5)."
,Recommended,330990,22868673,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Bob,I'm not sure why this game is getting more mixed reviews compared to other similar hidden object games. It is not the greatest example of the genre but it provided everything I was expecting. The art work is good and there are simple enjoyable puzzles. The story is okay but it did get some bonus points in my mind though by summoning demons through a rip-off star gate. So there are safer bets if you are wanting to play a hidden object game but this one is still worth a play in my opinion.
,Recommended,330990,22162329,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,sgbeal,"(i've played both the Steam and Android releases of Demon Hunter: Chronicles from Beyond, and this review applies to both.)Like all Artifex Mundi releases, this game is graphically top-notch, with pleasing music and game-play targeting casual gamers. After having played some 6 of their titles, i can say that one thing sets this particular title apart from all others: almost every single HO scene uses at least one ambiguous term in their list of words. e.g., ""bird"" when there are _two_ distinct birds in the scene, ""bulb"" when there is both a lightbulb and a bulb of garlic, ""necklace"" when there are clearly two of them, and ""hammer"" when there are _three_ hammers in the scene. i.e., someone either didn't pay much attention during the HO scene design or someone set out specifically to annoy any OCD players. (i suspect it's the latter, given how prevelant this pattern is in the game (i've counted at least five scenes with this problem).) What does all that mean? It means that the chances of a hard-core player being able to achieve a misclick-free HOG experience is near zero.It's a damned good thing i'm not OCD about this type of game. (OTOH, were it C code or software API documentation, i'd be flipping out _all over the place_, giving 37 different kinds of thumbs-down (thumb-downs?) and middle-fingers-up (middle-finger-ups?).)That one point is my _only_ complaint with with this title. Yes, it's kitchy. Yes, it's casual. Yes, its lax use of ambiguous terms _will_ frustrate hard-core, OCD HOG players to no end. Nonetheless, it's a relaxing journey through yet another colorful Artifex Mundi environment, and i recommend it to any non-OCD players.PS: once again a huge thanks to the developers for supporting Linux. Like all of Artifex's titles i've run on Steam, it runs flawlessly on my 64-bit Mint Linux 17.3 installation.Post-completion notes:- approximate play time of 5-5.5 hours (which seems about par for Artifex Mundi HOG titles). i started this on Android and moved over to Steam about halfway through, which deflated the total time reported by Steam.- the ending felt somewhat anticlimactic to me.- the three color-mixing puzzles made _absolutely no sense_ to me, neither the instructions nor the mechanics. i was forced to skip those.- puzzles where turning a knob/wheel also moves a separate knob/wheel, screwing up any alignment made by prior rotation of that knob/wheel, just frustrate the hell out of me. Blood pressure shoots through the roof.- the ""item fades in and out"" feature of a small subset of items in HO scenes is really rather annoying, as finding the item is less about finding it and more about stumbling upon it when it just happens to be in view.- near the end the puzzles seemed to make less and less sense to me. e.g., where the mixing vials are hidden."
76561198088535177,Not Recommended,330990,21648450,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,lumi126,The main game included little sense and lots of walking back and forth.  The story only started to make sense at the end. The bonus game however was nice.
76561198257572602,Recommended,330990,20618308,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,bobkat8001,Nice game.  Would play again.
76561198097120461,Not Recommended,330990,20708405,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,mykrme,"This was definitely not done with the care and attention to detail I've come to expect from Artifex Mundi. I bought it at a discount, but I'm not sure if it was even worth that much."
76561198034605466,Not Recommended,330990,26348583,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Steven Universe,"Wasn't enjoyable in the slightest. Dull voice acting, looping music and awful sound effects pretty much dumbed it down for  me."
76561198173457771,Recommended,330990,29265705,Posted: 14 January,all,moon2stars,"Not one of AM's best.  Graphics were good.  Story was ok.  The bonus chapter felt like it was added just to make a short game longer.  It was nice to have a fast travel map.  Though, it did not work in the bonus chapter.  Some of the HO items phase back and forth making them hard to see which was alittle frustrating at times.  Game has a variety of mini games that can be challening but not too difficult.  Would recommed only if on sale."
