user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,331440,13916183,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,crash,"I wanted to like this game overall, and even did enjoy for a few hours while playing it, but even for $5 I cannot recommend it.The game is ""randomly generated"" but the zones and dungeons each have a max of 3 different kinds of enemies, just reskinned to match the environment they are found in. Bosses require you to just mash the attack button (or just move into them as the game auto attacks for you upon making contact with an enemy). Since the dungeons are randomly generated as well, there is no difficulty involved aside from remembering which rooms you need to go back to. The game is Zelda inspired in looks alone, puzzles are room specific and don't get harder than moving a block onto a button or pushing all the levers in the room in no particular order.The differences in weapons don't seem to make a large difference, until that is you find something with life-steal, in which case congratulations, you've essentially won the game. Life-steal is unbalanced in it's current state, allowing you to ignore every ""mechanic"" of each enemy in the game.Stats and stat upgrades are also a bit unbalanced, as well as being very unclear. There is a stat screen in game, but no where does it tell you what each stat does. Strength and Dex are found on weapons, and Spirit seemingly effects your ability to force-attack, but things like Berserk or Cleave or Smite (found on some Epic Weapons) are uninformative. Achievements were previously broken, but the Developer has since fixed all but one.I would be able to recommend this game if it were, sigh, Early-Access, but in it's current state where I beat the game and New Game ++ in my third run through, where the monster and boss variety is non-existent, and where certain stats can completely break the game, I just can't. The Developer asks for suggestions in a thread on the Steam Community page for the game, but upon writing my thought out suggestions, I was swiftly ignored for someone suggesting a map be included in-game to which the developer agreed. I'm not so sure he wants to make the necessary changes to the game to make it worth purchasing unfortunately."
,Not Recommended,331440,13380750,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Reverend Klaus,"It's an interesting concept, and in many ways I really want to like it. The gameplay is simple in an addictive kind of way. Move around, use one button to attack, block, use abilities...it works well, aside from the time when spells just wouldn't work for reasons unkown. There's a lot of Zelda homage here, and it moves along at a good pace, that is until it all just starts to blur together...While I applaud the variety of enemy visuals and attacks, after a while they all sort of became the same. I would enter rooms full of enemies and just plough right into them no matter which ones I saw, mostly due to the fact that I was just too powerful. Heck, I was so overpowered before beating the first dungeon, after a while I quit watching my health. It was never an issue after I got a few items. Never.Second, my biggest complaint is the procedural generation. I love rogue likes, I really do. They are my bread and butter. But I just don't think the random work generation works in this game. In Zelda, it was so fun exploring, finding the hidden secrets, and unlocking paths to new and interesting places. But to make the random generation work, all this has is a huge collection of screens, with a few really easy tricks like magic mazes. Also, because so many of the screens looks the same, and with no overworld map, it was ridiculous trying to figure out where I had already been. It made finding a few of the dungeons tedious as I would walk on and on forever.This random generation is really felt in the dungeons too. They have a Zelda feel to them, but since they have to be randomly generated, it lacks the puzzles and depth of a real Zelda dungeon. All you have to do in run from room to room, killing everything along you way, hitting every button you see, looping back around again and again, and eventually, through dumb luck, you'll get through the dungeon. Thinking never really entered into it, just the persistence to go through the same hallway time and time again for a few minutes.All in all, this game just ended up getting boring pretty fast. It was just walking from screen to screen, killing everything I saw without a challenge. In fact, I literally killed every single boss in 2-5 seconds. Not an exageration. I just walk up to them, they would say something like ""Hey, I'm gonna kill you whole bunches"" then I would just hit them as rapidly as I could for a few seconds without taking any damage and they would die.  Even with endless dull wandering around, I managed to beat the game on my first try, in about an hour and a half.I understand after beating it the game keeps going, getting more challenging with each run, but honestly the idea of playing through this again in hopes of slightly more challenge with each dull playthrough just doesn't appeal to me.I really do appreaciate what this game was trying to do. The concept is awesome, and it has a lot of stuff going for it. But borring is just one thing a game should not be within the first half hour of playing."
76561197998024577,Not Recommended,331440,14046439,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Occupied,"Lets be real, I wanted to like this game. It has a lot of potential, all the bare bones are there, it just never got fleshed out.It feels like an early access game, except that its not. The developer made a couple updates a few days after its release, and has not touched it since. As it stands:- The overworld map is not large and always exactly the same.- There are 7 dungeons to play through, and 7 premade layouts, none of which are very interesting or difficult.- This games idea of a puzzle is placing 4 switches in a row with a pushable rock one pixel away from each.- The items you find feel like nobody even tried to ballance the mechanics, so even though I think there are 10 types of weapons, only a few are playable.-One button does everything, which means you have to mash it and hope that translates into blocking and attacking at the same time, while hoping you dont pick up one of the endless crappy items that always drop right on top of you because if you die or move to another room before you pick your good item back up, you lose it forever. Which is needlessly frustrating.This game really could have been interesting and fun, but it requires major updating. If there is an update, ill probably look into it. But until then this should be on the early access list, its not a full game yet. $2 or less if you don't want to feel ripped off."
,Not Recommended,331440,29329841,Posted: 17 January,all,anglerman,"There are many games out there that even though don't appeal to me, I can understand the praise.This one totally isn't like those.To begin with, the full experience depends entirely on a single buton.That's it. The same button to attack, to block and to use your special attack - infact pressing a button to attack isn't even necessary as your character does it automatically.Somehow that design idea made into the final thing and never got changed even with lots of feedback about it on the forums.You'll find yourself just mindlessly walking towards enemies, casually blocking and hoping for the best because a slight positioning failure means you can be hit through your block very often  (at least I like to tell myself that's the reason I got hit, because it makes no sense visually)Then there are the items, which tremendously lack impact. You can barely feel any difference when equipping something new. What's the point of +3 str when huge enemies die in two hits? What does spirit even mean?On the exploration point, it couldn't even be generic and bland. It had to be just bad.You get to the desert and then there are endless rooms connected to each other at some part, for no reason.Dungeons have you entering through the left just to appear at the botton of the next, and this happens furiously often.Since there's nothing to find, rooms are the same, there's very little freedom to transverse through areas and they're just a corridor with a few enemies, luckly a key or a door, the level design is exclusively bad.There's also no story, no purpose, nothing to put the setting into perspective. This is fine by itself if the gameplay could stand on its own legs but it clearly cannot.I've tried giving lots of chances to this game, perhaps because of the art, but time after time I quit bored out of my mind just forcing myself to get to the end of a dungeon."
76561198268697234,Recommended,331440,32483525,Posted: 16 June,all,Salt,"Having 100%-ed this game, I believe that I have the ability to tell you that this is indeed a good game. It's a 2D over-head view Dark Souls-like game, with plenty of different playstyles. While I played for a short time, every minute with it was amazing, and I hope there will be more of this type of game soon."
76561197983643073,Recommended,331440,13400944,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Malfean,"I don't usually take the time to write reviews, but I wanted to toss this game some praise. If you have a look at my collection, I am a huge fan of Rogue-likes, dungeon crawlers, Dark Souls, etc. While this game isn't perfect - it certainly shows an evolution from the dev's earlier work (the Kongregate bit Dungeon). Both games feature some flavor from the Souls series and Rogue-likes, and I think that if take these games and their complexity in sequence...we could be looking at a very fun formula for an indie dungeon crawler in the future.What I like -1. Combat: While combat is simplistic, I rather like the frantic pace.2. It borrows well: Souls elements are here - you get a shot at recovering your heart (like your bloodstain in Souls games), and leaving it in a rather precarious place in a dungeon has the same vibe as in the souls games. Perhaps my favorite Souls feature is the way that there are even quality weapons (Dex+Strength scaling) and the fact that stat scaling is at all part of the game is super fun. My favorite game series by far, so any homage is welcome!3. Loot and Gear: Loot variety is promising and will only improve over time assuming the game is supported. I found myself building a Dex character with Berserker and life steal, which was quite potent towards the end game.4. Locales and Aesthetics: Areas are quite gorgeous and dungeons (while procedurally generated and featuring very little in the way of features like traps or special mechanics) at least have a common theme and unification of art style. I enjoyed enemies that took advantage of stealth and range, and found the game to be quite fun.5. Replayability: Another Souls feature, the infinite playability of the game (i.e. when you beat it the game just keeps on going) seems interesting and I'd like to see this dev take that somewhere even cooler in a future game or modification to this one. It seems as though loot that drops at higher levels rolls affixes and then sets its stats according to item level, meaning there will always be upgrades to find (even if its just rehash of gear found at lower levels). There are enough inventory slots to make sure that finding perfect gear for each slot (i.e. affixes you like and stat distributions that are effective) will take quite some time.What I don't like -I think I tried to put my little quibbles in with all of my positive points, but overall I will say there just needs to be more. The developer is quite possibly on to something in terms of a style of play which is addictive, accessible, could have depth, and borrows from games people genuinely enjoy in dungeon crawling (Zelda/Souls series). A lot of fans of the Souls games are currently looking for anything at all to sate that urge until Bloodborne comes out in a few months, and since it is a PS4 exclusive this market (PC) is ripe for the taking.Indie seems to be a viable option for exploitation of that gap in the market. All this to say MORE. Perhaps try to get some DLC features patched in or propose a game via Greenlight or Early Access when you're ready for a sequel?Thanks for reading!"
76561197982382432,Not Recommended,331440,30034855,Posted: 19 February,all,ZeDoPovo,"OK, first of all, I'm not here to punish anyone. Who am I to do this anyway? Nevertheless, I just want to tell how I felt while playing this game.This game seems like a product from a Game Jam, where developers try to do their best in a few hours. In other words, it just feel incomplete in many ways. Although it has a nice concept for a retro pixel game, it is far from being well done. The pixel sprites are completely lazy done! The sound effects are horrendous and the music is soulless. I purchased the game while on sale, but I sincerely regret. I just feel that everywhere now, people come up with good ideas but rush to get some results. Most great or even good games were developed within a long period of time. You do not need to rush guys!Anyway, sorry for my poor english.*I was playing and suddenly lost my weapon, an axe. And I didn't have the money to buy another one. Just have to reset the game, because you can't do anything without a weapon.* :("
76561198107448311,Recommended,331440,32718173,Posted: 24 June,all,GrandMoffTarkin,"I'm level 70 and I just realised that I'm still using a lv 3 chest piece. oops.Overall, a charming and relaxing game well worth it's price. It was the perfect little treat to wind me down after a 12hr overtime shift."
,Recommended,331440,13378422,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Agg13,"A great game with a lot of potential.Through there are a lot of things that are still missing and hopefully they will be updated.1. Please make a more in depth description of what each stat does. Maybe just add a section at the start of the game where everything is being explained.I still don't know what intelligence really does? Boost the staff magic attack?2. Please add the remaining life count to the campfire rest thing.3. Sometimes, like for example with the eater boss you are stuck in a corner and not able to move out and die pitifully.sometimes also happens with normal monsters. probably only happens if you have a bow.4. maybe a bit bigger inventory, or just being able to switch between two weapons and stuff.5. also it would be cool if whatever dropped would stay a bit longer, for example if I mistakenly switched my weapon with an inferior one, didnt notice and then left the room, if I could just go back into the room and get the weapon would be cool. if I walk 2 rooms and then get back to the place where the weapon would have been its ok if it would be gone.6. I guess its a bit too short considering that its very fastpaced.7. bossfights ( every boss exept his wife? was that his wife? the lighsaber ghost at the altar^^) are very easy. Update: ok it depends on equipment - or so to say luck. still they are quite easy exept wizardtake a sword and keep on slashing and the bosses and they die.8. can we get hardmodes?Vampiric shield of the Devil or whatever it was called was op :D well if it procsI still don't know how big the game really is but hopefully it will get even bigger.I think at the moment the game is not yet worth the 5 euro original price but it will definitely be worth it in no time.I still recommend this game because its really fun :)"
76561198033692372,Recommended,331440,33006869,Posted: 29 June,all,(A),"Great game. Simple and short, but still it is fun."
,Recommended,331440,13405860,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Echoen,"http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=357816873Bit Dungeon is an endless roguelike with a light Diabloesque loothunt for the ultimate gear. The objective of the game is simple: beat each boss in every area's dungeon to unlock the portal to kill more demons and save your girl. I finished my first ""playthrough"" with a game controller in around 2 hours. When you beat the game, you get sent back to where you first started with all your progress intact and the difficulty increased. The entire map is always the same but the enemies that spawn change each time you enter a room. Once you memorize the entire map, you could probably do runs in under an hour or so. Truthfully, there isn't anything else to see once you've downed the last boss. It's not much of an ending either but it plays to tell how you start over. The game is absolutely designed to be played many times over to get the best loot while seeing how deep you can go.The battle system comes from Zelda, where A is to slash or shoot your bow and holding it down either blocks or charges your weapon. Simply walking up to an enemy will make you attack. Take your pick: dagger, 1h sword, 1h spear, 1h hammer, 1h staff, 2h greatsword, 2h blade, 2h axe, bow, spellbook, or shield. You can dual wield any of the 1-hand weapons but my personal preference is my best 1-hander and a shield for stuns on demand. I tried bows but they consume too much stamina per attack while melee weapons can be spammed and kill a boss without having to rest.Luckily, I found an amazing set of gear that just destroys everything.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=357370720As I mentioned, I play this game with a controller and this is the best method to play the game IMO. You can also use just the mouse or just the keyboard and WASD all the way or a combination of both.There's some cheapness to the enemies that have fast multi-hit attacks because getting hit stuns you for a brief moment. (Edit: this issue has been patched as of 12/19/2014) It's best to attack and kill first before mobs have a chance at attacking you. The AI is slow to lock on and slow to attack so take advantage of that.Those weapons come with random stats and that's where the Diablo inspiration shows. Each item can have up to a handful number of affixes with various effects like life steal, a death strike, phase (dodge an incoming attack and teleport away), berserk, and so on. I'm a big fan of crazy loot and the system satisfies for what you can do in this game. Quality of items I've found so far: white, blue, orange, purple, red, cyan, and green. There doesn't seem to be any set pieces. You'll often loot black stones along the way and you can use these to purchase equipment from merchants. Hidden rooms also often give good stuff stashed in a chest.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=357370604The developer mentions some love of Dark Souls and it shows. Resting at a campfire restores your health. Sometimes, upon waking, a powerful foe may appear and pronounce ""I have found you.."". A nice surprise and these fights are fun but you can easily escape to the next room and they'll despawn. It would have been great if they locked you in for a minute and drop loot too.If you die, it's game over and you lose everything. There's only one save file so try your best to stay alive. Fortunately, black stones carry over across deaths. There is however a softcore touch to this in that if you have a blue heart (you start with it), you can respawn at the last campfire you used. And if you manage to get back to where you died, you can reclaim a blue heart.There are some other negatives:-There is no explanation of what all the stats and effects do. You can figure what the primary stats do but some of the effects aren't too obvious (i.e. I think of cleave as a wide arcing attack but it's merely a damage multiplier).-black side borders with any aspect ratio over 4:3-non-customizable controls (the developer may patch this)-utterly short, moreso if you play till just the last boss (but remember, it's designed to be played continuously till you die)8.5/10 from me. It has the makings of a great action adventure RPG with cool loot but ends up being repetitive and gets there quickly right after the ""ending"". However, the chase for epic loot is fun and the developer is actively improving the game so you can look forward to this game only getting better!"
,Not Recommended,331440,20684112,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Noxis,"This game was a real disappointment...* Super linear gameplay - Almost impossible to lose the game, just walk near enemies and Your character will automatically attack them, nothing more to do. No skills, no combos... Just spam spacebar to win* Repetitive soundtrack - the music was nice, but it was like the same tune whole game* Extremely short - in just 2h You can finish the game and even get 100% achievements"
76561198044229474,Recommended,331440,31277251,Posted: 21 April,all,"Oh look, JJ is here! (AFK)","Dark Souls, 2D autoswing edition is a neat little top-down zelda-esque adventure game. Rest on a blue bonfire to heal yourself and check stats. Collect gear and weapons to increase the power and survivability of that little blue spirit your avatar is. Level up and gain hardstats, collect power-ups scattered in hidden caves and forests. Explore the frosty mountains, hot deserts and luscious forests. Typical rarity loot table, whites being bad and orange being tops. Or was it red? Idk.Explore the overworld and darkworld as you progress to harm things and monsters. I dont know the story, story is for suckers. Its all about the action baby. This game is pretty fun and looks like someone actually had passion for their work. I like the style and content. Feels nice. Dying ♥♥♥♥s you up badly though, as you reset to level 1, forget the entire map and have to re-grind all the bosses. I died after touching a gravestone and a woman-goat with a blade was like, ""No U"".15 steam achievements, badges and cards for profiles. GGWP. I like me some darksouls."
,Recommended,331440,13385313,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,soupSpook,"Diablo loot drops in a Dark Souls-like reimagined in the form of the original Legend of Zelda.Strangely, I find the game a bit lacking in the delicious frustration and walls of difficulty that I found in ANY of the games mentioned, possibly due to the fact that it somewhat clumsily combines the general Roguelike gameplay of getting continually stronger by level-ups and a means to avoid permanently losing your progress in the form of an extra life-- which can be retrieved a la the Souls series bloodstains.In short, somehow this game lacks bite.The gameplay is simple to a fault, involving clicking or using WASD to move, and the space bar to block and use special attacks... But it works amazingly. Only against a specific boss did I find any problems with the tight, frantic controls, and that seemed to be because he was perhaps programmed incorrectly. If you've ever played a sub-par game with an isometric view, you understand what I mean when I say I couldn't get around the TOP of him.Also, the music comes and goes as it feels like, meaning most of my adventure through bit Dungeon II was bathed in complete silence with occasional bouts of BGM sheepishly encroaching as if it realized it forgot to play, before petering out again for no discernible reason. This impacted the feel of the game somewhat negatively, especially one area that I THINK was intended to be eerily silent, as the music never piped up once. It would have been amazingly creepy if the music in the rest of the game had remembered to stick around.But, as indicated by the fact that I DO recommend this game, I think it shines through its flaws and asks for a humble price for a delightful experience. An amazing game for the price."
76561197971291045,Not Recommended,331440,25550352,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Thrill,"A really pretty and atmospheric Zelda-esque kind of thing, except for a bizarre design choice, which is that your character auto-attacks when you walk up to an enemy. It took me a minute to realize what was happening, because it kicked in right as I started mashing the spacebar, but then the game was like ""oh you don't have to hit that spacebar. Let me take care of that for you. You just relax and enjoy the game without all that spacebar hitting.""But of course I want to hit the space bar. That is what makes it a game.It reminds me of the first Dungeon Siege, which was pretty and compelling but which entailed mostly walking around a map and waiting for your little guys to stab people on their own, and sometimes you change their equipment. Except in this one the equipment is more or less interchangeable. It's just so Progress Quest-y."
,Recommended,331440,20277554,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Pretend,DARK SOULS : PREPARE TO DIE PIXEL EDITION.
,Recommended,331440,32975985,Posted: 28 June,all,Scratch,Bahhh died at lvl 101 right before boss ;/ - good game though!
,Recommended,331440,18870448,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,lolschrauber,"Overall, this is a fun little game.It's a 2d top down adventure game with a small RPG aspect.You kill monsters, level up, get equipment, slay bosses...the typical stuff.It takes some time getting used to the controls.However, there are some downsides that can make the game frustrating at times:- Block, attack, special attack are the same button- Some enemies are easy, while others are way too hard.- If you run out of lives, you start from scratch - level 1 and no gear.The game is rather short, completed it in 3 hours my first time, but you'll get faster in following playthroughs. For the low price that's okay.You can always play NG+ once you beat the game."
,Not Recommended,331440,22253200,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Dantop,"I was expecting something better than this.There is no actual combat system, you just walk into your enemies and the game plays itself. The dungeons are plain, no puzzles whatsoever, and requires you to make a few runs through the same places to get past them. The bosses offer no challenge neither.The interface is terrible, buggy and there is no storyline. The item system is also flawed and requires you to leave something behind to get the new ones. If you accidentally pick up something then leave the screen, you lose the previous item. There are also no information about the stats and meaning of each skill. Only speculation in the discussion forums.The music is not so bad, but it gets repetitive and annoying after a few minutes. The map is ok, but lacks variation as well.The game is about walking around and waiting to get some good item drops, then grind. So generic, it was a disappointment overall."
,Recommended,331440,13376105,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Skybrander,"nice little game. addictive.Bows are so OP though. Get a bow, win the game."
,Recommended,331440,28482028,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,ihatethenewenglandpatriots,"I have nothing but love to spew for this game. I've seen reviews use the word ""mindless"" to describe it and I would whole heartedly agree. That's the appeal for me. I love that it can be played with only a mouse. It simply eats away time with pixelated joy. It was so easy for me to get into this game. One of my favorite purchases this year."
,Recommended,331440,13746959,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Saint Killjoy,"This is madness; no this is Rogue-like! This game is in the vain of Dark Souls! Wait, what? Dark Souls? I thought it was a bit game similar in style to Zelda? What exactly are people playing when it comes to bit Dungeon II?30 Second Review+ Rogue-like+ Challenging but not discouraging+ New Game Plus modes for extra replay– Minimal Story– ControlsClick on this link to read the full review:http://everydaygamers.com/2015/06/14/review-bit-dungeon-ii/"
76561198070927714,Recommended,331440,23446943,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,☭Cancerton Aidsworth☭,Had a recent chat with the developer and he figured that the removal of the clicking hit feature was probably not the best thing to do.But enough about that and move on to the game it's self.Fun:YesChallenging: YesMusic: Eez goodOverall the game is pretty good and challenging as you progress to get further and further.I recommend everyone should try this game.That has been my review of bit Dungeon II ;)
,Recommended,331440,13770812,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,SemenCakes,"Let's start off with an opinion.First of all, the game is extremely good and addicting. I can't seem to get over it.You know the saying, only review the game if you played ten hours? Because I don't.Off topic, but if you enjoy dying fast and restarting over back to level one. This is the game for you.It's pretty fast paced if anything and you keep on leveling up as you go.There are many tough enemies as well as weak enemies, areas practically have a different enemy but in every themed area there's always one similar enemy that can be seen throughout the area.It's good to always go fast like sanic when playing the game but it's also good to level up before continuing onto another dungeon, since the enemies do get tougher."
,Recommended,331440,13384342,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Laze Dybo,"Played a lot of the first bit Dungeon on the Ouya and absolutely loved it, so I went into this with high expectations. Game plays drastically different to the first and is genuinely kind of tough. The original spent a lot of time focusing on room clearing and got very repetative vert quickly. However, exploration seems to be the main focus on the sequel and will practically throw you in at the deep end navigation wise. It's reccomended that you spend a bit of time just wandering around getting some levels and see what helpful stat boosting pick-ups, weapons and whatever else may happen to drop down to sheer luck.Fans of the original game though will feel right at home in the games many dungeons, which all seem to have a slight element of puzzle solving that much, though the real puzzles usually involve trying not to get lost. Boss fights can be tough but thankfully you could be able to snatch up an extra life if you're quick enough upon re-entry of the bosses room.Some great care has been put into the overall look of the game - personally I'm a fan of the Dark World and The Black Church areas - and there's a great bit of variety in the areas and enemies in which you'll stumble upon.Reccommended if you're a fan of rogue-lites, but other plays may want to stay away, as it can be wuite unfair at times. If all else fails, find a bow. Bows will pretty much carry you through the entire game. Overall game is easy to pick up, hard to put down and will reward those that take the time to just explore the environment and see how long they can survive."
76561198023490380,Recommended,331440,23461390,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Abyss Raider,"Started up first playthrough, pick up bow, get slaughtered mercilessly by overworld creatures.Run second try, pick up dagger and shield instead, become unstoppable god of the shadows.If that's not a testament to randomness, I don't know what is.One of the coolest things about this game is that your character levels up majorly in the stats associated to your current weapon, so it makes each playthrough fairly different for that fact alone. It also causes you to make a huge decision early on and stick with it- Both intimidating and amazingly interesting.Great game all in all, I was slightly sad there's not much in terms of procedural generation, but the ""lose your soul, and permadeth if you can't get back to it"" makes a popular mechanic from the 'Souls' franchise just that much better. I also can't help but get an extremely nostalgiac 2D Legend of Zelda feel from this.Highly recommended for retro ARPG and Roguelike lovers.All hail the OP dagger."
76561198029530645,Recommended,331440,28353128,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,ShankSinatra,Fun game. Played using a steam controller. Tried range builds first two runs then switched to melee and found some lifesteal armor and facerolled. For the price I couldnt be happier.
76561198037871360,Recommended,331440,30618506,Posted: 19 March,all,mohrphium,"First of, I bought this game for the full price of 4€ and I found it worth the money. You can get much less for (e.g. a cappuccino in some cafés). However, this game could be so much more. I finished in it 1.7h according to steam play time, and that includes the first boss of the next playthrough.But here's what I like and dislike.PROS:- I personally like the graphics.- The background tiles remind of older games like Zelda Link to the Past (SNES), only less colorful and also a bit more simplistic.- The enemy sprites are done in a bit more detail and there's a wide variety of them which I enjoyed slaying.- Most important, even thought it was short, I enjoyed the time playing this game and did not regret spending 4€ for ~90 minutes of entertainment.- Even without an intro/tutorial, I had no problem understanding what the stats did. Some of them I came to understand ""later"" during the game when I picked up items that boosted them, but I never felt like that was something I should have known earlier.- I enjoyed collecting / comparing weapons and items. The system is kept very simple in that you equip the new found item or leave it behind. No additional storage that allows you to carry stuff around you're not using, which forced me to think whether I really want to e.g. switch to sword+shield from my bow for increased damage but with the downside of fighting closer to enemies.NEUTRAL:- The soundtrack isn't all that great but I didn't find it annoying and I find it creates a SNES like atmosphere, which I enjoyed- The sound effects reminded me of zelda and at some points even mario games to the point where I wondered if they where copy/pasted. It didn't bother me though, as I thought they where fitting in quite nicely- The game is quite repetitive, which didn't bother me that much due to it's shortness. For the price, I think it suits the game. A more complex game with longer runtime would fetch a higher price and be a different story altogether, so considering that, I didn't felt bored while playing it. Making the game a bit more difficult and maybe requiring- In the beginning it felt strange that I could shoot diagonally with my bow, but after a minute or two I got used to it.CONS:- The animations could have been a bit better as they seem chunky at times, e.g. the walk animation is interrupted when running into a wall.- AI needs an overhaul. The whole game is too simple because of enemies standing around doing nothing or getting interrupted with each of my (fast, consecutive) blows.- Boss fights have to be way harder. I could beat every single boss in a matter of seconds by spamming the A button and I didn't even care about taking damage due to my interrupts. The boss was usually able to hit 2 or 3 times before dying and never made much damage.- No tactics needed. It would be nice if the game would ask a bit more than just spamming the A button. One way would be to allow players to carry potions around but decrease the frequency of potions appearing in the game. This would require players to consider running out of potions, instead of just doing the only possible way - spamming and hoping for a potion or life leech hit.- While fixing the cons above would make the game better, something that really bothered me was the non existing ending. I would have expected some sort of cinematic, text, note or event that informs me that I have done whatever the quest was in the first place. Unfortunately, there is no story telling as far as I had noticed and there isn't any sort of ending. Not even a ""Yay you did it! wanna try again?"" or a mushroom telling me that the princess is in another castle. Instead, I ran through the door behind the boss only to end up where I started, same level, same gear and all enemies in the starting area are now way tougher than before. While this is an ok way to continue the game (playing again on a harder mode), I was a bit disappointed and had a bit of a ""wait, that's it???"" moment.All in all, I can recommend the game as I did have fun. If you think 4€ is too much to ask for 1.5h of entertainment, then leave it or get it on sale.If you're the developer, please add some sort of narration. A character that will tell a short story of what happened (why the bosses have to be defeated) or some form of proper ending will suffice to make the game more enjoyable."
,Recommended,331440,23074709,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Meteoloques,"Don't die.Don't you dare die.Please, don't die."
76561198168199199,Recommended,331440,28173776,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Poche,Could use a co op
76561198158164446,Recommended,331440,21222442,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Croyster101,Easily my favourite game to play when I have time to kill (pun intended). I find ive logged many hours into this game unintentionally and regret nothing. The best part of this game is picking up where I left off with no loading screens or gap betweeen playthroughs. The controls are easy and the mechanics are fun. 10/10
,Recommended,331440,20795299,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,♈ Amethyst,"IntroductionIn bit Dungeon II you clear various Dungeons, gain lvls and Find new Equip to fight the Bosses within the dungeons.It has a little touch of Legend of Zelda in it. The puzzles are simple and not as complex as in the LoZ series, which bothered me at the beginning since people were comparing it to Legend of Zelda.Gameplay+ControlesThis game has the feeling like you speedrun through it once you get the right equippment. Which is a +Plus on my side. Also the controles are very easy. You'll figure it out right on the bat.Important: If you use a Controller, make sure you Bind your good equippment, since Attack and PickupItems is on the same key. To bind an Item, Open your ""Equipped Items"" and Press ""X"" (Xbox) or ""☐"" (Playstation) on your selected Slot.Last WordsFor the price, the game is totally worth the money. If you get it on a sale, then the price is a joke.If you got any questions arround the game, write a comment on my profile or directly below this review."
,Recommended,331440,31415821,Posted: 28 April,all,rcteske,"Simple and true dungeon crawling and item hoarding, still holds the same bang as in iOS. The mouse and keyboard controls need some love though, but nothing you can't get used too. The bosses are a bit easy to button mash, but the loot afterwards is always sweet :)"
,Recommended,331440,14898969,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,pbc★,good gameworth the moneydeath = game restart but at least you have 2 lifes > is OKlast achievement bugged and not fixed for 4 months now
76561198004701225,Recommended,331440,15996145,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,van the man,"Two hour game.The main challenge of the game would be... a speed run. There's nothing hard about completion. Zelda, which this game pays many an homage to, is in comparison precise and strategic in how you have to position your character and mind attack cooldown/rate of fire to fight. This game, just wing your character in the general direction of the enemies and he'll mow down a mob automatically, scoring crits and procs and cleaves and deathblows and whatever other enchantments are on the equipment you've picked up(loot drops as often as rupees do in Zelda).I completed the game without ever understanding the purple meter - obviously the red one is health because you die when it empties but the purple empties while fighting just to recharge immediately. The weapon ability seemed to be triggerable only when it was low or empty, the character was always flashing when it was full, which was most of the game. The game was really short on explanation.While most enemies die more or less by running into them, the bosses all require you run into them and hit them many times, and then they die. The second to last boss, I had to run into it and hit it many times, dodge a big beam of death, then run into it again and hit it many times, and then it died. The beam of death got me a few times. I also died a few times when I first played the game, until I realized ""don't fight the knights"". For the most part though, the combat in the game is completely nonsensical. It's like Zelda would be, if Link's dash boots ability killed everything he came into contact with, and he could turn while running, and didn't have to do the charge animation before he begins running.Like another reviewer said, the bow is OP - the reason is because a lot of the enemies in the game aren't really made to fight back against a ranged attacker. It's bringing a gun to a knife fight.Despite the simplicity of the combat I won't say it wasn't fun. Dashing around the map at lightning speed to the chiptune DnB soundtrack. The toughest part was memorizing the map and realizing where I've been already, that took a bit of brain, since so much of it looks the same. I had to look in the forum for a clue as to one of the ""lost woods""-ish mazes because the NPC who told me how to do the maze didn't actually tell me how to do it. The way this game is paced I feel like there would be a second gameplay mode where the character insta-dies when a timer runs out, and the timer is replenished via mob slaying. That'd give some gravity to the somewhat simple, but somewhat spacious, mazes of the game.The original bit dungeon was slightly more fun. If only because the very experience of the game was new, and this isn't too much different. The combat in that one felt a little more precise.Anyway, 4.5 out of 5, it's a busted concept of a game, burns itself out at the speed of a flash game(which the original was), but the time spent playing it is very fun. There's a lot of content in the game, it just wizzes by at the speed DnB chiptunes."
76561197984831173,Recommended,331440,16529774,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,PPloppers,"This game is very addicting; I've played for 4 hours straight. The maps are challenging yet manageable to get through and the game's goal is simple and straightforward. My only advice for new players is to keep the soul with you at all times. I have still yet to finish the game because of my rage quit, lol. Great game overall.Pros:Challenging mobs and surprising settingsFair 'trade' system with NPCsNPCs have a sense of humor and say what they have to sayGood chances of equip and item dropsFun method to acquire stat boosts other than the traditional need to level upGraphics are smooth and creativeGood soundtrack and sound effectsDifferent builds and equipment to go forCons:There is little description towards the game controls (I like mine to be more definitive and customizable)Barely any description on what the stats doThe game reset is not really a full reset such that you keep your coinsThe items drops that have yet to be spawned interfere when attacking enemies when near it. Sometimes the mobs surrounds the character while you're standing on the item and only being able to do basic attacks will end up killing youEDIT: Finished the game and enjoyed every single fun and agonizing moment. One of the achievements requires you to choose the ""beta-"" version of the game. Also in this version, everything seems the same but the most noticable was the implemented map. Although the map is very helpful, the extra hand will only speed up this short gameplay even faster (unless of course if you enjoy fast and repetitive gameplays, and regardless of which version, each time you complete the quest, every mob increases in difficulty), taking out the challenging factor which is trying to figure out and remember the various dungeon and cave locations."
,Recommended,331440,32999414,Posted: 29 June,all,sorinmarkovi,"This game is a great little title. It's totally worth the full price, but it is great to get during a sale because it often drops down to below a dollar. It is the only game I've 100% completed, and I've replayed it over and over. Also, it can run on pretty much everything."
,Recommended,331440,33021055,Posted: 29 June,all,aidan :),"It is a really simple rpg with simple progression. The combat is simple too. The game is really easy to understand and you can beat the entire game in less than 2 hours if you get a hang of it fairly quickly. There isn't much replayability. But, It was definitly worth the 80 cents that you need to buy the game on sale. Entertaining for about 3 hours. The downsides to this game is that the play time is really short and you can stun lock every enemy in the game, (including the final boss) if you mash the instant attack button."
,Recommended,331440,23427119,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,BeijiWeng,"This game is simple and awesome remember first zeldas with skills, timming, stats. some monsters with special ability and♥♥♥♥♥♥with nice dungeon themes and good soundtrack. and for some reason is cheap as ♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,331440,20767988,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Cohen The Barbarian,A light rogue-like/action-rpg that delivers fun...Pros:+ Rogue-like mechanics are neat+ Cheap+ Has many variations+ Delivers many enjoyable hoursCons:- Makes you want moreFinal verdict:This little game delivers more fun than many AAA titles. At this price this is a must have if you want to spend some fun hours.
,Not Recommended,331440,24136424,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,THE KRAKEN,"I don’t remember if I got this one from Steam or Humble Bundle, but that isn’t really consequential anyway. bit Dungeon II is a rogue-like, action adventure, RPG from KintoGames. Let’s get rocking.The GoodHonestly, about the only thing I liked about this one were some of the monster designs. Some of the monsters were fairly spooky, but most were your run of the mill, old school RPG enemies.The BadHere comes the list:Generic storyGeneric, forgettable gameplay (not to mention really easy)Boss battles require no real change in strategy as they are just regular enemies at a  larger scale with more healthOverall, the game is just kind of boringThe MehI don’t feel like there’s enough to this game for me to add things to this section.Verdict: NayI wouldn’t recommend bit Dungeon II, but that’s just me. I think you can find plenty of other games out there that are just like this, but better."
,Recommended,331440,26646688,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Nevasol Ltd.,"Nah, this game apparently sucks a bit at the beginning, it seems to simple in the commands, with an auto attack and focusing mainly on one button, however it unleashes a more complex structure once used to the game and suddendly after a few lives, (yeah because it is a roguelike so you won't have many lives to complete the game and usually you require the first 1 or 2 to get stronger), you collect enough xp to improve your char and the game flows quite well, it is difficult tough, the enemies sometimes instahit you or instashot you, however once used to graphics and controls becomes commendable.One of my fav of the period to much some time."
,Recommended,331440,26037105,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Barrfind V.,"Very interesting Pixel RPG. Attack is auto, you run kill mobs and gather items. Use weapon skills and defend againts little mobs and boss's. Run across big map with nice music in background. Nothing much to say about it. It's rather easy if you ask me."
,Recommended,331440,32517888,Posted: 17 June,all,Fincy,"Surprisingly fun game that for some reason gives me zelda-feels.It does feel like you finish it rather quick though, but every time in the game was a lot of fun!Luckily I got some mythical sword which made things a lot easier."
76561198001524903,Recommended,331440,23431086,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,GiftingPhoenix,"This game is actually quite fun, though it can be difficult at times.I've encountered no bugs, it's simple yet fun to explore and fight. Certain enemies are pretty strong and will kill you; remember you only have 2 lives (to start) before it resets your stats and level.Definately reccomended during the sale."
,Not Recommended,331440,20342565,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,AtypicalChuck,"The game music is very not bad and the enemies are designed OK but I just couldn't get into the combat at all.  It felt like ""run up to bad guys and flail simulator"" where I'd either kill them or die (again).  By the time I'd get enough gear to survive my health would be so low I'd get one shotted... how do I even heal? What does the space bar skill even do? I felt and feel clueless. However I can see why people may enjoy it, just wasn't my cup of tea.**UPDATE** BitDungeonII was gnawing at me; before I knew it I was poking around in game again and got a better handle on the game mechanics and beat the game. Call me stubborn.What I said before still stands; however you do get to heal at camfires; purple scavenging dogs in dungoens have high potion drops and mashing spacebar lets you hew through enemies. All of this deserved to be explained IN GAME.  Each boss looked cool but I killed every. single. one. JUST by running head on into it and mashing space bar.  I dumped all my stat upgrades into Str and Constitution.  I dual wielded the best one hand weapons I found. The bosses were comically easy.  The ending is whatever, basically absent, as others have said.  The overworld is fairly lackluster and uninteresting. The dark world is the same just without a map. :pAnyway, for the price it's a neat distraction but you'd be better off playing other stuff. Shame too the game looked like it had promise."
,Recommended,331440,19919493,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,[RB] Blaster Guardian,"This game is rather short.  I managed a semi-full playthrough in about two, three hours.I took ""my love's"" advice and ran, as opposed to fighting her, and ended up starting over, but-hey, I still have my stuff!I think I also got pretty darn lucky with my drops, because I found a Hammer that would level me up fairly quickly.Anyway, in the three hours I played this game, I've managed to get all the Achievements except one, and I explain why in the spoiler.  I don't know much about rogue-likes, except that ""coffee-break-game"" is a term I sometimes hear.  I'll probably continue playing this game for a little while longer, see if I can get that last Achievement, but I may not come back to it once I do that.  We'll see.Overall, I'd recommend this for anyone who enjoys similar games, or enjoys little bouts of mayhem during a coffee-break."
,Recommended,331440,20360574,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,CivilizedWasteland,Spam the spacebar ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!The arrow and magic weapons need a little work but pick up a shield and an axe and you've got good little game right here. The boss fights are also very underwhelming but attacking in this game is just so satisfying.
,Recommended,331440,24041575,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Adonexus,"meh, the first one was better but its alright, cards are a bonus, i still enjoy it but its often repetitive and tedious. Not worth the full price but for 99 cents or cheaper its a good grab for those of us who like bit games or dungeon type deals.It could have done with less work on the gore effects and more work on the level experince and maybe more of a hint of plot to hang on to."
76561198034882394,Recommended,331440,31674516,Posted: 10 May,all,Loaf,Fun game. Isn't really beatable by the looks of it though. Dev said he would fix the bug or whatever that would prevent you from finishing??? the game but that was back in 2014 so.... good game though. Lasts about 3-4 hours.
76561198252303676,Recommended,331440,22444978,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,dpounding,"Great Game. I wasnt expecting this much fun from this game. After spending a few hours on this, i cant pull myself out of this game. Rating 9/10"
76561197970570841,Recommended,331440,32749208,Posted: 24 June,all,The_Schmidt,"Great classic-zelda-like action!  It would be good if I knew what I was supposed to achieve.  It took a bit to figure out how to regain health.  It'd also be nice to be able to save and continue from a save point later.  Are there more worlds after I finish this first map?  Also, can we get this on Linux?  Occasionally freezes on game over.  Perhaps a more zelda-like game mode?  This game needs more story.  I can see my playing this dropping off once I've conquered the entire area if that's all there is.  However, if there's a story with lovable characters, I could see it continuing on for decades."
76561198156027215,Recommended,331440,34618955,Posted: 30 August,all,Bojor,"OK just to get the review started, I have played bit dungeon 1 and will be comparing this one to the original which was free to play.Cons..NO DEDICATED ATTACK AND BLOCK BUTTONS  (Who in their right mind would make attack and gaurd the same in a game centered around combat!).Because of the combat  button problem the gameplay feels luncky when a lot of enemies are on the screen and you are either attacking when you want to be blocking or vice versa..No customizable controls, Also on the subject of no differenciated attack/block buttons there are no customizeable controls in general, Thats the only really bad thing about the game the bad control, But that can really make or break a game though,(Just look at BIT DUNGEON 1, there was only move attack and block... BUT THEY WERE ALL DIFFERENT BUTTONS. Thats the thing just the buttons are wrong everything else is good)PROS..Very addicting and fun gameplay.You never feel underpowered or overpowered (Good Weapon Balance).The graphical quality is way better than the first game.There are more locations to explore than the first game ( The first game was only in a procedurely generated dungeonscape which was fun at first but there was only one way to beat the game) In Bit Dungeon 2 you can beat the game in a multitude of ways like Go to the desert first or mabye the forest first, How about find all of the secret rooms with power ups then tackle all of the bosses. Just saying more variety than kill this kill that..Just more content in general ex. (Weapons, Armor, Locations, Enemys)Overall I would give Bit Dungeon 2 a 6/10Worth it for the price."
,Recommended,331440,34587786,Posted: 29 August,all,jedidiahjedijed,"love it! 8-bit fun, c64 level of awesome in terms of fun & music, easy to pick up, simple to play, tricky to put down."
,Not Recommended,331440,24033490,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,lawendt,"the controls are kinda of messy :~I don't know if I can say that this game is fun, I felt no joy while playing it."
,Recommended,331440,23087062,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Tenthadorn,"I loved playing this game.Having my legendary items all lost after getting to level 67 sucked, but felt worth it.Must say though, I beat this game twice in under two hours.If it had a map the size of Legend of Zelda, or even the Oracles games for LoZ, it would be quite the adventure to behold.Maybe that's a wish for bit Dungeon III..."
,Recommended,331440,16249165,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,[LUE] TormakSaber,"I wish I could give a neutral review to things, because thta's how I feel about bitdungeon 2.Bitdungeon 2 bills itself as a rogueike game with diablo loot, with a dark souls inspiration. That's about what it is, or rather, what it really wants to be. The idea is sound but in execution it didn't really grip me. The overworld is always the same, and the dungeon layouts are only random in that there's 7 of them, and the only random is which dungeon has which layout. Weapons all work mostly identically, and stats boil down to 'more damage' 'less damage' 'dodge chance' even though there's 8 different version of them. When Cleave, Chop, Crit, and Smash are all just varying forms of 'dmg multiplier chance' then I'm not very driven to find more loot or better loot. Especially when there's no elemental damage types or resistances.Enemies are basically always the same thing: either a melee or a projectile. Bosses are all identical: Projectile, summon mobs, big AoE magic attack. Combat is bump combat, where you autoattack just by moving into an enemy. You can perform a swift attack by pressing the attack button, and block or charge a special move with the block key. Special moves depend on the weapon but swift attacks are all identical regardless of your weapon, which feels like wasted potential. I admit I didn't use a bow or a book. I assume those are different.At the end of the day, the game doesn't feel very 'roguelike' since not much is random, it doesn't feel like dark souls because the enemy and boss variety is nonexistant, and there's no combat strategy other than 'mash swift attack, back off to refill stamina' (the souls/bonfire thing is a nice homage, though.), and the diablo part falls short because the loot isnt very interesting. You want your stat for your main weapon for damage, as much crit (pick a flavor it's all the same, but Crit is the best kind of flavor due to being highest dmg) as you can get and as much dodge or armor as you can get. Done.I CAN see where it shines: Speedruns. The game's setup lets you pla it very quickly if you have it memorized, though runs would fall prey to loot RNG. So I suppose thtas points there.I wish the game gripped me more because I could legit see it being fun, but it needs  a massive overhaul and more of mostly everything: skills, magic, weapon variety, enemy variety, actual randomness, an overworld map....I will softly recommend it because this isnt the sort of game I would actively dissuade people from, but would very selectively recommend."
,Not Recommended,331440,24026672,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Sharks++,"The trailer does a good job advertising this game like it's a darker version of Link to the Past. It had me so hyped I decided to put five dollars into my Steam Wallet to buy it. Big mistake. Once I got the game, I quickly realized that the gameplay doesn't live up to the polish of the trailer, and only resembles a Zelda game on the surface. While the world of bit Dungeon II looks visually interesting, there is little to no story or exposition to explain what's going on. I'm supposed to transport a dead woman's soul apparently...but why should I care about her? Who desecrated her grave? Where the heck am I supposed to be going? It's a shame there's not more background about the world of Bit Dungeon II, because I really would have liked to know more about the world.Mechanically speaking, there are an abundance of collision issues with the game, especially with walls and destructible objects. Colliding with these objects makes the character sputter back and forth, to the point that you'll be pushed into the room you were previously in. The depth of the battle mechanics is woefully shallow. Point. Click. Kill. That's all there is to it. The puzzles are disappointing too...they consist of moving rocks over switches, and that's about it. I was hoping to acquire different tools to solve different types of puzzle challenges, but the game emphasizes action over puzzle solving.TL:DR Bit Dungeon II looks awesome in the trailers, but doesn't live up to the hype."
,Recommended,331440,14474006,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,devon.flac,Like Dark Souls and Legend of Zelda had a one night stand and the 9 months later birthed this thing.20/9 would lose their virginity to a game series again.
,Not Recommended,331440,24668830,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Drake Aran,Way too repetitive and ultimately boring. The overly simplistic gameplay and the complete lack of a story don't help either.
,Recommended,331440,18781496,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,KoolSpookyKid,"I HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone.At first glance, this game seemed like another Rogue-Like that gets boring after a few tries. I thought of this game as a not-so addictive type in its genre. But this one. This is a modern gem. Not a lot to say about this game besides the fact that it's probably right behind just as good as The Binding of Isaac.Heal, Loot, Kill, Run. Are you ready for some fun?~KoolDashKid 2015"
,Not Recommended,331440,33086800,Posted: 1 July,all,HoneyFox,The controls are awfull. There is no tutorial to explain the terrible controlls (There is a tutorial in the menu but it's still vague). It feels super repetitive and there is no real challenge (except the challenge of boredom). But besides the gameplay the visuals are pretty good.
,Recommended,331440,13496426,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Scyentist,"This is a must get if you're into 8 bit style art and dungeon crawling gameplay, and the soundtrack of this game is amazing, sets you in into the 8 bit adventure mood."
,Recommended,331440,18801610,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,BlindingLightVR,"This game owns give it a try, but there is a horrid bug that doesnt let u pick up new weapons if you drop yours. be careful!"
,Recommended,331440,18828656,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Eh?,Extremely enjoyable hack and slash. Highly recommend for some random fun!
,Recommended,331440,14954482,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,🔫Deus~Ex.,The sequel to this cult hit makes its debut on Steam. Battle your way through enemy mobs to return a lost soul to its final resting place.Check out some gameplay before you buy:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fNNPGwNngrwYou can find the original game here:http://www.kongregate.com/games/kintogames/bit-dungeon
76561198167118284,Recommended,331440,20903634,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Seabasstian,"its a simple, yet fun game to play. I would totally recommend this to a friend."
,Recommended,331440,23912119,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,VAPE lord,Nice game.
76561198187236159,Recommended,331440,22315204,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,jespin357,"Wow, this is an excellent game which I have yet to lose interest in. On sale and for a buck? Its a sweet game for what may seem like change! Also, for new players, focus on dexterity since crit (3x damage) chance its better than cleave (2x damage) chance."
,Recommended,331440,13413772,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,tootpocalypse,awesome for how much i costvery past paced fun gameplayneeds allot more tracks for each dungeondungeons shoudl be bigger etc..better uibut over all its a fun gamemultiplayer would be nice
,Recommended,331440,22529579,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,SuperCooper64,This game is lit :D
76561198065533703,Recommended,331440,26026322,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Firelobo,Pretty easy game in which if you are minimally lucky you can unlock all the achievements in just one run.For the price is aight.
,Recommended,331440,23544832,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Yung Boi Clout God,I can make my person stronger than the bosses/10
,Recommended,331440,21196058,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Forekast,"A Short But Sweet Retro Rogue-Like Legend Of Zelda Inspired Gamebit Dungeon II is the sequel to the popular free to play game, bit Dungeon (duh!).  After the success of their first title, they decided to create another one with some improvements here and there.SummaryThere's no intricate story, and this game doesn't need one.  It's simply drops you into the world and you begin your run.  The actual story is that your loved one has passed away and you want to meet with her again, so you clear the dungeons, etc.I fully recommend this game, not just for the initial play through, but because you can come back to it later and play through it again if you'd like.I'm going to break this review down into a few sections so it's easy to digest.GameplayUpon clicking ""Start Game"" you'll be dropped into the game world with no armor or weapons.  If you press the ""ESC"" button, it will pause and bring up a menu that explains the very simple controls.  I chose to play with a keyboard because I didn't feel like getting my game controller back out (laziness).After beginning, you're left to gather up weapons and armor, fight enemies to earn EXP and gain levels, and wander around the overworld clearing the 6 dungeons.  Because the game's difficulty and levels scale with your own level, you can tackle the dungeons in any order you'd like.  This leaves it up to the player to choose their strategy.  I really like that aspect about of the game.At the end of each dungeon, you will fight a boss and upon winning - receive a chest with a powerful weapon (random).You have 1 extra life, so if you die, you lose that life - but you can pick it back up in the same position that you died.  A tactic I highly suggest doing.  If you die twice, it's game over and you start back at level 1 and the game resets.Upon clearing the overworld, you enter the Dark World, and from there you clear another dungeon, fight some bosses and clear the game.  You can actually start back at the beginning and clear the game AGAIN with the items and levels you already gained.  Meaning you can grind and grind until you get totally sick of the game.NavigationThis is where bit Dungeon II shines a lot.  The overworld stays the same between play throughs, but the inside of each dungeon will be different.  There is, I believe, 7 different layouts, and 6 dungeons total (correct me if I'm wrong!).  So that means that you're going to have some variation each time you play.  Of course, you'll memorize these if you play through a few times, or die a few times, but it still keeps things fresh.The actual dungeons are identical to the old Legend of Zelda games.  I mean, they have the same look and feel, and that makes this game super easy to pick up and progress through.ProgressAs I mentioned before, you earn EXP and gain levels from fighting enemies and bosses.  The enemies and bosses own levels scale with yours, so that allows you to progress through the game in any order you'd like.The weapons, armor, and accessories you pick up also scale with your levels, so you can keep getting stronger and stronger.Each item you pick up carries some stat boosts, so you can pick and choose which items have the best stat boosts for your current play through or ""skill"" set.As for the weapons, there's one handed weapons, two handed weapons, ranged weapons, and magic weapons.  It's up to you which one you use.  All of them have their pros and cons.ControlsSince I played on the keyboard, it was just WASD and then mashing the spacebar A LOT.  Some people might not care for this, I didn't mind it.Graphics & MusicI can honestly say the graphics are enjoyable for what it is - it's supposed to be a retro inspired game.  I love the graphics, but that's just me.The music was enjoyable, different music for different areas.  The sound effects are the basic 8 bit sounds.  I love that about the game as well.AchievementsThere's 15 achievements, and I would say the average full play through from start to finish, should unlock all of the achievements.  You get one for each boss fight, and then you get one for picking up certain items, and so on.ConclusionI think I covered most of the aspects of the game.  I paid under a dollar for this while it was on sale and I'm happy with my purchase.It took me a little over 3 hours to fully complete the game and all of the achievements, granted I died a few times before I got the hang of it.  But after seeing that I'm transported back to the start of the game with my newly acquired armor and weapons, along with my levels - I can see me coming back to this game.  Perhaps even speedrunning it at some point (yes people run this game).In closing, do I recommend bit Dungeon II?  Absolutely!  You should grab it and play the crap out of it.  Just watch the video for the game and you'll see what it's all about.  If you're into these types of game, you're going to really enjoy this title."
,Recommended,331440,21286472,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,CorndogCrusader,"TL;DR version: This game is very nice, but way too easy.This game is a very cute sequel to the online flash game ""bit dungeon"" the gameplay is easy, the controls are not hard to learn, or use at all, it runs well, it plays well. The graphics are primitive, but that's what makes it so good, the pixeled-ness of it makes it so much more fun, the weapon design looks nice, as well as the armour. The game is very fun to play, but it is WAYYYY too easy, once you get a good enough weapon, which often you can get in the second room, you can basically insta-kill EVERYTHING."
,Recommended,331440,21045372,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,DarkDork,"I am not entirley sure what's happening in this game, but smashing things is fun and fun is good."
76561198117116978,Recommended,331440,13627427,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Retrospect101,"If you enjoy being slaughtered over and over, then this is the game for you! It's a very fast paced rogue-like game, where you have the ability to enhance your character's skills and find new weapons. You learn through trial and error, and exploration, meaning the more you play, the better you get (basically the rule for most games, if you haven't catched on by now). There are very few bugs in the game and even when you do come across them, you find yourself laughing. I absolutely love pixelated games, so the graphics greatly appeal to me. The music is catchy, but it can get on your nerves if your angry at the game. The temple remind me of a mix between Legend of Zelda and A Link Between Worlds (If you haven't played those games, then I highly recommend those too), which the creator openly says the game was inspired by. For any RPG/Rogue-like gamer, I highly recommend Bit Dungeon II. It is most definately worth the 4.99!"
76561198097985409,Recommended,331440,13977418,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Goatori,This Game Is The Physical Being Of Perfection...
,Recommended,331440,19317097,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,ᵛᶫᶺ,"I enjoyed playing this game. Mechanics are curious and controls are pleasant. It worth to playthrough just 1 time but no more.You pretty fast face the fact there is no gameplay/mechanics/content divercity. There are no player classes, no real itemisation, level is the same all the time, monsters are very similar and so on.8/10 if price is 80% off"
,Recommended,331440,18152229,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,scy%,Gud
,Recommended,331440,21907661,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,»FinnQ,"This is an excellent rogue-like. If you are looking for a challenging, yet fun way to spend your time, this is it. Also if you are an achievement hunter, 100%-ing this game is pretty easy."
76561198050249632,Not Recommended,331440,29069507,Posted: 6 January,all,snotboogie,"This game is worth the price if you want to zone out for a bit and collect loot.Once you figure out the few main mechanics, fighting your way through the world takes only a slight amount of focus. So the game might be reminiscent of an early Legend of Zelda title, but the dungeon bosses require virtually no strategy. I found myself defeating them boringly fast. The thrill of the dungeons is fighting the hoardes of enemies, but even that can get tedious if you're struggling to find the next locked door. It doesn't help that there isn't an apparent map screen (I couldn't find one), and the same music just repeats itself over and over. You may find yourself lost often, and I found that to be when the game was at its most grating. At times it felt like the whole game was just about grinding.Overall, I liked this game. But if you aren't into games that focus on procedurally-generated loot and gameplay without narrative, you should probably stay away from this game.(the art and visual design is very noice tho)"
,Recommended,331440,28907810,Posted: 1 January,all,Syrsly,"Good roguelike with Dark Souls-like aspirations and very simple controls.I like the overall atmosphere of the game and the concept behind it, which is to say it puts you in a haunted forest filled with ghostly enemies and resets your level and equipment if you die.  The abilities and items you gain throughout the game are sometimes interesting but you'll mostly have the choice of ranged and melee weapon types.  Magic type items are also available, but they're mostly just reskins of the bow item.  Ranged and magic items empty your mana pool but provide distance so the enemies don't hit you as often.  Melee is easier to hit enemies with but risks you getting too close to enemies and getting hit often.  There's a block mechanic, mind you.  The combat is deceptively simple and kind of fun, but the overly simplified controls may ruin some of that fun for you.The game has multiple supported control schemes all enabled from the get-go.  The mouse controls are terrible, but you may find the WASD keys or the arrow keys plus the spacebar key are all you need to play this game.  You will, however, want to use the mouse to aim the bow and various spells.  That said, there is also controller support, and while I have not tried Xbox 360 controls for this game, it seems like it would be the optimal way to play this game."
,Not Recommended,331440,14115016,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Qwertii |  2D > 3D,Not worth.Get pixel hunter.
,Recommended,331440,33920550,Posted: 30 July,all,chewfeather,"Pretty shallow, but enjoyable enough and justified by its low cost."
76561198102031044,Recommended,331440,23456609,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,SaLaD KuSh,"It's like LoZ but then completely different and a real challange, died 5 times inbefor i beat the game, i did all bosses 2 times and im still not bored!"
,Recommended,331440,35245153,Posted: 27 September,all,a spooky boi,"Lots of replay value, even if the game doesn't change."
,Recommended,331440,30132944,Posted: 23 February,all,leoschu,"Well. Played it through the last 2,5 h and found it fun.Extremely easy tough. I dont know about the next replays but you can bet everything just pressing the attack button non stoping."
76561198165392468,Recommended,331440,18830172,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Lt. Bearshark,A game combine with dark souls and link to the past that makes a great piece of a game10/10
,Recommended,331440,13912358,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,kilarbourbon,"Dungeons, temples, desert,cursed forest-----------------Challenging Game maps.Swords, shields, dual wielding weapons, spells-----------Customize your own play style.""Bonfire System"" similar to Dark Souls series-------------Can it be the last time you come back?If you like dungeons and slaying monsters with simple control settings.This is the game for you."
,Recommended,331440,30571875,Posted: 17 March,all,GOD MODE,"Free time-killer game on steam, For adventurers only"
,Not Recommended,331440,20304441,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Adol,"Graphics: Typical indie pixel show. Nothing worth pointing out here. Not particulary offensive to the eye.Gameplay: Nothing too complex overall, can complete the game with pretty much the space bar and movement keys.Music: Not bad, but due to the size of the game the soundtrack variation is short. Becomes quite repetitive after a while. For some reason there's no music in the Dark World. I don't know what this was trying to achieve really. It didn't come across as dark or forboding, just a boring area with no music.Sound effects: Nothing worth pointing out. Beeps and boops. Stuff that would have been standard about 30 years ago.Replayability: After one (almost completed) run I didn't feel like going back to it again. If I had completed the game I have serious doubts there being any point in going back to it.Positive points: Pacing of the game felt alright, until the Dark World.Negative points: (These will need their own sections)-Zone borders: Too often I would move in to another zone accidentally while trying to dodge an enemy. Zone crossing is just far too sensitive for this kind of gameplay.-Item disappearence: After crossing a zone every item from the previous zone, excluding chests and keys, is erased from that zone. This can include equipment you accidentally picked up and left your old, better, gear behind. I can understand that if they didn't have this system the zones would all clutter up and cause the game to become a complete mess. However, there are work arounds for this. For example, including an inventory so players can pick up items and store for later or discard (not just placing back on the ground again but completely discarding them). There could have been a storage chest at the bonfires where this extra gear could be stored and withdrawn later on.-Enemy placement: I lost count of the number of times I crossed a zone or room in a dungeon and suddenly get mauled by 3+ enemies crowding the door. This just shouldn't happen, it's lazy design. Why should a player be punished for simply entering a room or zone as they should do. To prove this is lazy design, the enemy spawns are all random. You may or may not end up getting your face ripped off upon entering a zone. There's nothing done to prevent this from happening. Just sheer laziness. Something like this is unforgivable in a game where there can be permadeath.-Enemy AI: There's more or less no AI to speak about. Unless they're right at a zone entrance as explained before, no enemy poses much of a threat, especially if you have a bow weapon. Not even bosses pose much of a threat (although I never got to experience the last boss of the game due to ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t explained with enemy placement).-Dark World: This whole area is just stupid. Really really stupid. You get placed in an area with no music, 1 type of enemy which is just spammed throughout the whole place which has 1 attack and poses no threat at all unless you're unlucky and get a bunch of them in your face upon entering a zone. There is no map, as for some reason it treats the Dark World as a dungeon, even giving you UI elements for keys despite there being no keys or locked doors in this particular area. As a result of there being no map in this area, I had absolutely no idea where I was going or whether I was going in circles. It didn't help that so many of the zones in the Dark World look exactly the same (Boring black/grey zones with black ghost enemies everywhere). I did eventually find the dungeon of the area, but I did come close to just closing the game before I even got there.Final throughts: I only played one run of this game. I got to the last dungeon and died due to getting killed at the entrance of a zone I crossed in to. I wasn't about to go all the way back through the Dark World again due to there being no way for me to retrace my steps back to the dungeon. Even if I had completed the run, I doubt I would have felt like going back for more. The game even seems designed for one playthrough only due to the limited amount of achievements it has. I ended up unlocking all of them in the 2 short hours I played this game and obviously this was intentional.If the devs could do just two simple things to make this game something I could come back and complete, it would be to fix enemies crowding the doors and zone lines, and give the Dark World a map. Maybe also give the player something they could use to indicate where they've been to previously. Currently I would not recommend spending time on this game until these things have been done."
,Recommended,331440,25675379,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Dallis,"YES YES YES YES, PLAY THIS. It'll take some hours till you find every dungeon and after you die 2-3 times and lose your 120lvl file you are going to be so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that you are coming back to finish the job, and then you 'll feel the best.Great rpg dungeon game you should definitely try it."
,Recommended,331440,23937305,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Spooky Pacifist,"This game is probably one of my very favorite games.Pros:+The most amazing soundtrack ever.+Awesome gameplay with tons of customization.+Tons of boss fights and monsters.+No match is ever the same.+All around fun.+Cheap!+May not play the game much, but I listen to the ost every other day.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xuwaGo8RsuY<- OST.Cons:-Repetitive and boring after a while of playing.-Not as much content as you'd probably like.----I love this game though, hopefully one day they'll make another that's twice as good."
76561198178875847,Recommended,331440,23109228,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,-Scribblez-,A game where your character attacks automatically.Just press the arrow keys and GG.
76561198129761744,Recommended,331440,28437298,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,jinx701,very fun but since there is no tutoriel press esc to see controls. Enjoy!
,Recommended,331440,26038908,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,WarKing,Good single player time waster. Does not get boring :)
76561198052370525,Recommended,331440,26415461,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Champion Flare,Your doing your self a diservice not getting this game its way cheaper than its quality. I absolutely love it XO.Ok first things first the rouge like element is dark souls like except you lose everything if you die twice YES EVERYTHING its rougelike people. BUT its very fun and easy to get into suggestion for new players....DONT USE A BOW or a twohander if your bad at the block mechanic.
,Not Recommended,331440,24962518,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Gavara,I liked flash game version of bit dungeon and I expected this game will be a good successor with new stuff but its was a dissapointment for me. Controls are clunky and UI is really mess.
,Recommended,331440,23456772,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,悲-Nobody hellcase.com,"Reminds me a lot of the first Zelda games, loving it so far!After a lilttle bit of 'Try and Die' you'll learn how the game works and eventually survive enough to get good gear and face the bosses.Not the best game of the century of course, but it's pretty damn good for its price!Don't try to spam the bow, it's useless 100% guaranteed not to be overpowered"
,Not Recommended,331440,24996092,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Satyr,"Boring uninspired rogue-like, with several annoying design choices."
76561198010641857,Recommended,331440,23346438,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Ivan Moreira,"Pretty fine roguelike game, albeit short. Gameplay and mechanics are quite interesting, as the loot and the short dungeons.Bosses are pretty stupid and boring, save for the last one, that I couldnt even kill it.Worth the short price, even more on a sale."
,Not Recommended,331440,16754259,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Godamn_Milkman,"Feels like a mess. The controls are wonky and figuring how what is happening makes the game feel loose and random. If you're looking for an open map to uncover with hords of enemies to tackle I""d say find another title."
,Not Recommended,331440,13398386,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,(aethom)  ネコ im a cat,"I really wanted to enjoy this game, but it's so *bland*. There's some great homage to Legend of Zelda (LttP specifically) with the visuals and some of the dungeon design, I guess, but that's about as far as it goes. The music isn't anything too special and while it's visually pleasing at first, there's not enough variety for it to stay interesting (there are multiple areas and dungeons with different themes, but they're essentially palette swaps.All of that could be forgiven if the game were fun to play, and it is...for about 15 minutes. One button to attack, block, and cast spells/special abilities (from weapons/items). At a certain point, I stopped caring about what the different enemies in a dungeon actually could do and just ran into them over and over (occasionally holding down attack to block). Rinse and repeat; that's really all there is to it. The first boss was difficult at first, but every boss after him was stupid easy after the item upgrade from boss number one.There's also the huge issue of having no sort of map *at all* in a game with procedural generation.Love the concept, but incredibly boring."
,Not Recommended,331440,16530532,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,🌒 PM | Duc,"Don't be fooled by the ""charming"" bit style art. The gameplay absolutely ruins this game.EVERYTHING is on the same button. Attack? left click. Block? Left click. Move? left click. And it's not like RPG games where you have potentially different spells or anything. Nope, there's almost no difference for any weapons.I read other people's warnings, and didn't listen. Don't be me. This game is not fun. It hurt my soul."
,Recommended,331440,22338974,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Bombynz,I LOVE THIS GAME
76561198256894545,Recommended,331440,22310450,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Mr. Man,"for $1, its worth it"
,Recommended,331440,29276619,Posted: 15 January,all,Rone,"This game was a fun little rouge-like that had little in difference to the orginal. Buy on sale, not worth the full price 71/100"
,Recommended,331440,22286159,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,♫ Mr. Rawphoric,"Bought it for 75% off. Definitely worth the price I've paid. I just love games like this. You explore the map, fight monsters (bosses and mini-bosses too), collect coins, buy weapons/armour (you can collect them too), level up, use special attacks, replenish your health at certain places (or get health packs from monster drops). The weapons have qualities. At the end of the game I got a weapon with insane stats. It's not hard to get 100% achievements. ""bit Dungeon II"" reminds me of one Pokemon game that've played. They have something in common, too - both are awesome and super fun to play. :D"
76561198103819065,Recommended,331440,23476986,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Green Panda,"This game is awesome! One thing I noticed though is that when you click on the blue campfire to check your stats it says ""strenath"" instead of strenght."
,Recommended,331440,23046170,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,puffbutt,Best Dungeon arcade game I've played ever.
76561198100159921,Recommended,331440,22817676,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Green,"People may say this game isn't good, or its pure crap, but let me just say,I played this game for 13 hours. They have added a lot to the game and I personally think that it was worth the price of 1.99(bought it on sale) and I am going to keep playing. Sure, the combat system sucks, but at least I can play it on a toaster.10/10 would die twice again."
,Not Recommended,331440,15777068,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,The Medicine Peddler,"Simply clicking one button rapidly is usually enough to clear the screen, and because you kill stuff so quickly you usually don't even get to experience it's unique attacks or strategy or whatever, and eventually all enemies feel roughly the same.This makes it get real boring real fast."
76561198193645942,Recommended,331440,31445369,Posted: 29 April,all,diggymaster,"If you love retro games i`d recomend you geting it.There is no bad things about this game.  Here`s how the game goes, first you start off neae a campfire with a little shack and a ghost (Tip: talk to the ghost it will give you an extra life.)  i really recomend this game!"
,Recommended,331440,13754501,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,zooboo,"if you like pixels, a repetitive soundtrack, and one-button mashing, this game is for you! save your dead ghost girlfriend by fighting ridiculously giant bosses, opening a portal to the underworld, and then killing her (again)! go on a never ending quest for better loot while fighting weird monsters with little knowledge and understanding of the game's mechanics. use one button to kill everything! if you likeZelda,Dark Souls, action RPGs, roguelike-like-likes, and cheap thrills, you'll definitely love this game!"
76561198065223079,Not Recommended,331440,34627098,Posted: 30 August,all,Afro,"No. The game was decent, but how easy it was. For some reason, they game has a problem with scaling. Tried it with magic, didnt work. All dex, all str, all 2h. But then I tried the shield and sword, a sword i got early on and I completed it within an hour or less. Lol, get it on sale. Youll have fun for a few hours but thats all youll get out of this game."
,Not Recommended,331440,13582155,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Chebs,"A decent game with too many faults that I can't overlook.This game follows in the vein of Zelda and Dark Souls (as stated by the developers,) with an added rogue-like element. Unlike most rogue-likes, you're actually allowed to die once before your character is erased, but that probably wont help much. While I enjoyed the exploration, the rogue-like aspects are what kill this game for me.I have played other rogue-likes and am familiar with how they typically work. However, this game is not polished enough for rogue-like mechanics to provide any sort of benefit. Expect to walk in to a room only to die before the screen has even fully scrolled, and suddenly have to start over. The randomized aspects are cool at first, yet they devestate the balance of the game. I have gone through 5 dungeons being able to tank entire rooms of enemies, only to get oneshotted by a random enemy in the 6th dungeon I visited. The randomized equipment drops also tend to be either very good or very bad, with items in between being rare. This means that one playthrough you'll seriously struggle, and then next you'll be able to two-shot bosses (like I was when the ""Evil Sword of the God"" dropped on my first playthrough.)Overall, the rogue-like elements feel like they were tacked on near the end to make up for a lack of creativity. I realize that this is not the case, seeing as this is a sequel and all, but it definitely feels that ways. Despite their being at least a few dozen different enemies, they all boil down to pretty much either melee or ranged. I found any reaon to change my tactics, despite the large enemy variety. The randomization of the dungeons also makes them feel meaningless, as they're all just generic rooms after generic rooms. In fact, I think several of the textrues were stolen straight from Link to the Past, such as the stairs that show up in some dungeons.This game would benefit a lot from either ditching the rogue-like elements and creating a full-on action/adventure game, or by refining the mechanics to where the rogue-like elements actually add to the gameplay, rather than annoying the player after a sporadic death."
76561198027930914,Not Recommended,331440,28654294,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Autisticus Maximus,"I bought this game for the equivalent of 1 USD. It wasn't worth it, and I'll be refunding it.Consider: I played this for 83 minutes and beat it. I entered a new area identical to an old one with no explanation, so I closed the game to look if it was an NG+ loop... and it was.Which is fine. Other games do this, but those games actually have substance. This game is a joke when it comes to design; its gameplay, insofar as it has any, is a puddle that won't even get your foot wet through your sock. Dark Souls, then, is a lake. Full of horrifying waterborne creatures with too many teeth, all too intent on tearing you limb from limb.But yeah. This game is not that. The gameplay is as follows:You get some inventory slots. From memory, you have a hat, a main hand, an offhand, a body armour, boots, a ring, a pendant... I'm not sure if you have more (I think there's 9?), but honestly it doesn't matter. You can't hold items, and all your stats (which level based on the weapon you're holding, as far as I can tell) apply to every weapon type anyway, so it's a game of pick up the stuff with the biggest numbers. If you're an archer but you find a nice axe, pick that♥♥♥♥♥♥up even if your strength is abysmal; all that dex you got from leveling up while holding the bow is just as well now, and the axe has bigger numbers.You move with arrow keys or WASD. The only additional control is your choice of space, left click, or one more button that I never cared to use and thus forgot. The gameplay, unless you have a bow, boils down to walking into your enemy and hitting space really fast. If you have a bow, you stand a bit away from the ♥♥♥♥er and hit space really fast. Either way, the outcome is that they die and you gain exp. Don't worry about difficulty; the game's♥♥♥♥♥♥easy on NG, and you'll be bored once you're through with it since the game has no substance. Theoretically enemies could kill you, but it wouldn't be because of skill; it'd just be because the enemies had bigger numbers and became insurmountable unless you were willing to use the next bow you found off weak mobs to plink at bigger mobs for a while until they die.Personally, I died once, to enemies in the final dungeon that appear to be copies of your character. I learned that I wasn't pressing space fast enough.So that's the gameplay. As for the design... bitDungeon tries very hard to be the original Legend of Zelda. The mystery and wonderment of that game worked then, because it was 1986 and game design and technology hadn't come very far. Now that games like The Witcher are about, the appeal is kind of lost. bitDungeon plays exactly like The Legend of Zelda: You have room-sized square instances with a few respawning enemies in them, a map (but not in dungeons), and a character that moves in cardinal directions. Moreover, combat consists of walking up to an enemy and pressing a button.Dungeons also play out like in the original Legend of Zelda; you walk around in a multi-storeyed dungeon until you get a hang of the layout, pick up some keys and kill some minibosses along the way while also vandalising the local equivalent of vases (seed pods, hearts, whathaveyou). Get big key, walk up to boss, hit space really fast. You get a nice item with bigger numbers as a reward. Kill four or five bosses, go to the Dark World (which is basically a ripoff of A Link to the Past, except the world isn't really mirrored), which is another overworld except even more maze-like because there's no map. Get a feel for the layout, find the final dungeon, rinse repeat. After the final boss (who is apparently the creator of all matter but still laughably easy to kill by hitting space really fast), there's a final final boss, whose health I couldn't even touched. You can just walk past him. Presumably the goal of the game is to run through it enough times to get big enough numbers to kill that guy.Except wait, the game's bloody boring. Why bother? Just play a fun game instead. I feel dignified in refunding this game to get my single dollar back."
76561197984562776,Recommended,331440,13378602,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,pete8b,"Good fun rouge like.  Last boss is a lot harder than the others, but you can run out of the room and gear up more and try again. Check out some no commentary gameplay and make your own choice. Added a video of one of my attempts at the last boss.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JYJRBpb-m04https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-U4EEkbGw7s&feature=youtu.behttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GTbTNbkfMTQ"
76561198070137209,Recommended,331440,13642420,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Shedin,Bit Dungeon 2 > Searching Dungeon Simulator
,Recommended,331440,28706647,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Henk Koffin,"This game is A S Sbut it's that kind of A S S that, despite cellulite, you love to spank.I recommenBUTT this game[ 60 / 100 ]https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ILvV04qVKoshere's a review (english subtitles)"
,Recommended,331440,14139031,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Struck Cold,"bit Dungeon II is simplistic and addicting.  You play as a warrior who is out to kill evil demons in this top down Zelda like world.  Your goal is to rid the world of these demon like bosses in dungeons scattered around.  As you beat up enemies, loot will be dropped and you'll have to make a choice on whether to take it or not because as soon as you move off screen the loot is gone forever.  The loot ranges from weapons, shields, armor, and amulets to help you in your quest.  You also pick up coins which can then be traded to merchants for weapons, armor, or a chance to get a rare weapon.  You carry around a ghost girl who gives you an extra life and each time you die, you get one chance to get back to the place you died at and retrieve the extra life.  If you die before you get that extra life back, you're back to square one and all progress is lost.  That's where the rogue-like comes in.  The enemies can be brutal and if you're not careful you could find yourself sandwiched between knights and instant death.  That is one thing that needs to be fixed is enemy placement.  Sometimes while in a dungeon, you may enter a room and instantly be surrounded by enemies that hit for huge damage.  At that point, it's just instant death and really unfair.  Enemies should be spawned a little distant away so the player at least has a chance to react.  Also, if the Bow and Arrow seems very overpowered in the game.  Most enemies in the game need to touch you to damage you.  As long as you move around and shoot arrows you'll hardly take damage.  The game is a little glitchy and unpolished in some areas.  For instance, trying to move up towards a jump off ledge causes your character to spaz out and the jump animation to play.  I'm also not a fan of the music restarting everytime I pause the game.Overall, the game is fun to play and definitely worth the price."
76561198117208959,Not Recommended,331440,16462152,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Chairforce,"Doesnt work, i go to a dungeon and the room reloads over and over and all i do is slide to the left over and over."
76561198010327906,Recommended,331440,13764496,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Marbo - Au Clair de La Snort,"Bit Dungeon II is a really fun take on the rogue-like genre. Not as in depth as NetHack, but more in depth than some of the other rogue-likes. The art style is neat. I actually found myself getting excited over finding new helmets. My personal favorite helmet being the antlered hood.My only two gripes with the game are the relatively small inventory and the controls. I'd have really enjoyed it if I could have had a second weapon set. You can dual wield, so that is a plus. It'd just be nice to be able to carry melee weapons and switch to a staff or bow. The controls aren't all that much of a hinderance once you're used to them. On a keyboard, the block/parry and weapon charge buttons are both set to space. It works out pretty well in some cases, but in others you're trying to charge up for a special attack and you just sort of stand there in block/parry stance. Also, you seem to have to exit the game via task manager in full screen mode.I recommend the game, as it's fun and I like the art. It has a few things that could be done better, but they're not too much of a distraction once you're used to it. Plus, it's just fun running around as a glowy, green ghost and whacking things with axes."
,Not Recommended,331440,23534683,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Mykkse,Such a bull**** game. But the achievements are cool o.o
76561198035212680,Not Recommended,331440,23465855,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Commanderrkeen,"cheap, worth it, not worth much more  :\.   Duengeons and puzzles are very bland, most bosses and enemies you just RUSH to kill before they kill you.   Not alot of skill involved."
76561198079913226,Recommended,331440,13511434,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Ahmadullah Shah,it's a game.                                                                                                                                                                  It's kinda fun i guess.
,Recommended,331440,13402004,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Momo ',good game
,Recommended,331440,23125314,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Nix Imagination,i only found this game from a coupon and its so amazing 10/10
,Not Recommended,331440,34669785,Posted: 1 September,all,FUCK FIEND,"Luckily I only paid $1 for this game because I lost interest in it very quickly. It was strange how block, attack, and special were all the same thing, not that it really mattered since my character always attacked enemies automatically. I think that defeats the purpose of having an attack button. Because of that I stopped trying so when I finally died I stopped caring.On the plus side the music is excellent."
,Not Recommended,331440,17545130,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Lunerd,Worst flash game ever
,Recommended,331440,17574931,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,STEALTHxKILLZ,VERY FUN LITTLE GAME!
,Not Recommended,331440,17635378,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Kago Kajino,after a while it becomes♥♥♥♥♥
76561198125866190,Not Recommended,331440,17635960,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Skully,ugh this game was worse then the first one how can i delete it and get my money back?
,Recommended,331440,19608216,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,shadowfangds,if your into zelda this is a good game either way still it's a good game besides that the worst thing is this game only gives you a single life to beat the game with that good luck.
76561198159391593,Recommended,331440,19927182,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,World Mighty,"A very fun 8-bit game! loved the 8-bit music! The only thing I didn't like about this game was the fact that it was perma-death. I also didn't like the lack of the lore or story behind the game... though, I think some of it might have been explained in the first game..."
76561198000121852,Not Recommended,331440,18831285,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Richard Hardslab,"Doesn't feel terribly well executed. I get that it's designed to be fast paced so there's no real explanation of anything, but it just doesn't feel like it was well handled."
,Not Recommended,331440,14799400,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Albino Pigeon,"I would very much not recommend playing this game as it is. I'm a fan of straight forward indie games with high difficulty, but this game isn't at all fun in the early going. I put in an hour and never had a weapon for extended periods of time. It's great that I need to keep working my way back up, but not having any weapon at all makes it very difficult to learn the combat.Between the slow progression early on, and the buggy movement for the character as well as the monsters, this is just not worth the money, even at $5."
,Recommended,331440,21091749,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Crisp Rat,"A quite challenging game, but it is really fun. Don't get upset you died because that becomes a learning mistake."
76561198273049377,Recommended,331440,24807501,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,nightsteller 👌👌👌 is lit,it be good
,Recommended,331440,13515960,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Glasses Are Spooky,ALright at first i thought this game was total bs but now that i have played it for a while longer i thought that this game was well worth the money and brought me so mutch joy i love this game it remindes me of the earlyer legends of zelda which i love as well you all reading this commment should buy this game it is amazing.
,Recommended,331440,19408718,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Chrissy♥,$0.99 Cents. Worth.
76561198042080121,Not Recommended,331440,24820163,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,The Media LIES!!,This game has no way to attack except move up to the eneemy and let it auto attack.  BORING!!!Just glad it only cost me a buck.
76561198299861921,Recommended,331440,29410048,Posted: 21 January,all,EasyKatka,it a good game
76561197980411330,Not Recommended,331440,16732353,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,AppleDoge,"I wanted to enjoy this game, but the whole dungeon set up where you immediately get dog piled by enemies as soon as you enter a room killed the entire experience for me.would not reccommend"
76561198045407346,Recommended,331440,13404615,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,CodeRen,"Dont let other people who need their hands held fool you. This game may not have a tutorial or tell you where to go, but as someone who is almost done with it I can assure you, after about an hour you will understand a lot of it. Plus, its the fact that you are a wandering spirit without purpose at first that sold the game to me. Its amazing and the story is well done once you start hearing what bosses and others have to say. You can piece some stuff together and for me its just amazing. You never know what you are doing until after you have done it, which to me is amazing. No hand holding. I recommend this game and would easily pay double the amount asked."
76561198203612312,Not Recommended,331440,26006242,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,rileyskye2013,I got this game for $0.99 but this game is still bad. I thought I would enjoy this but it was a waste of money. The controls are uncomfortable and you die too easily. In the first 2 min. of playing this game I died.
,Recommended,331440,17461403,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Demonic Howitzer,Worth.
,Not Recommended,331440,19897304,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,tv,"This game was a huge disapointment for me, even after watching several videos of it on YouTube before getting it. I was actually excited to play it on PC, because i've already played it on Android. Then i bought it only to find out that it's too easy, repetitive and hasn't changed since the mobile version. This is really disapointing because I was expecting more than this, since it's a PC version. I was expecting polished animations and soundtrack, new enemies and items, rebalanced dificulty and lots of other tweaks. Instead, i got the same game i already had in my phone, meaning i just wasted money on this. Luckly, it wasn't expensive. I'd be mad if this was an AAA title."
,Recommended,331440,18860935,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,ElCoco,"Hello my fellow dungeoneers Bit dungeon was orginally a browser game, amazing the concept reminds me of bind of issac, only con in my opinion is when you die its all gone and don't get me wrong I get the conecept its a dungeon game when you die its game over but I get very far and takes hours to get all my stuff back but all in all I belive its amazing dungeon crawler, controls are still kinda um freak at times. Now on to the question of should you buy bit dungeon 2  well I think you should try the browser version first then if you like it that much buy this one. heres a link to the first gamehttp://armorgames.com/play/13929/bit-dungeonGoodluck my dungeoneers if you buy the game =)"
,Recommended,331440,14294429,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Neon1024,"A great little title if you have a few hours to burn and are quite happy just running around bashing monsters, dungeon delving and collecting some gear. It's fun to play and pretty simple. There isn't much depth here, so be aware that after a few hours you'll probably have seen most of the game.Don't forget to go into the hut at the start to buy a weapon! :meatboy:"
,Recommended,331440,18870580,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Pentaren,"Its a fun game overall, but a bit too easy in my opinion, never died once to reset my progress through the entire playthrough, maybe just me that was lucky with items maybe? not sure about that part, but my character seemed strong from lvl 1 up to the end which made it into a pretty easy game to finish up, i could basicly just stand still & punch the bosses without any worries to kill them off, wish there was a bit more challenge to the bosses! :IA bit sad there is no more progress to be achieved after you finish the game without just repeating what you have already done.Overall i had a fun time with it & would recommend it to others!"
76561198167049743,Recommended,331440,29421184,Posted: 22 January,all,Chire,Gooooooooooooooooooooood Game
,Recommended,331440,30342641,Posted: 5 March,all,kiDŌ,10/10 will forget to open treasure chest after exit dungeon.
,Recommended,331440,31201013,Posted: 17 April,all,Vermillion,отлично!
,Recommended,331440,32180540,Posted: 4 June,all,OldManJason,Great little retro style bump roguelike.
76561198089609370,Recommended,331440,29681760,Posted: 3 February,all,Joojinho,My space bar broke
76561198116647917,Recommended,331440,33304353,Posted: 6 July,all,demonsolder21,Man what a gem indeed. Highly recommend this game.
76561198156463463,Recommended,331440,33780567,Posted: 24 July,all,Ranger Hewki,Best 80cents I've spent on a game
76561197991690555,Recommended,331440,13378134,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Xipe Totec,"I am really quite enjoying this early Zelda-like title! The visuals are wonderful, the music is just right, and the controls are easy to get a handle on. I haven't delved very far into this world yet, but I've already seen plenty of landscape variation, enemy types, and (of course) tons of great loot to juggle and try out. The dungeons are a blast, and the overworld just keeps on goin'! Reminds me of some of my favorite early console games from the 80's, aka My Teenage Years. Thank you dev Alien! A very worthy purchase!"
,Recommended,331440,22188449,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Wedge,"Kill kill kill, dead dead, kill kill, easy and fun!"
,Recommended,331440,34567062,Posted: 28 August,all,SquadWird,"The game's pretty fun, but fairly short which is why it's only a dollar. Worth it's price, but it's the kind of game you'd only buy it if you had a dollar left over from a card."
,Recommended,331440,25534055,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,IBleedTheFifth,Very Zen
76561198124623910,Recommended,331440,22947543,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,DemonSprite,The Game does not take long to get into and start loving
,Recommended,331440,13586878,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Cheerilee,i play the first one on armorso ya it was really good game and very happy made it to steam :) good game wroth the money
76561198024192272,Recommended,331440,15817629,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Quill,Great even better than the first one.
76561197992148266,Not Recommended,331440,35029813,Posted: 17 September,all,Spinningmind,"Disclamer: I played very little of this game because I found it so immediately frustrating.My two main problems were:The game uses a system where you auto attack when in range of an enemy. To attack and dodge you need to move in and out of range in rhythm with their attacks and block and your characters automatic attacks. I found the lack of direct attack input unsatifying.The room exits are activated by approaching them and don't require a button press. When you leave and reenter a room where you had dispatched some of the enemies they will re-spawn. The wiggle in and out of range combat repeatedly caused me to accidentally exit and reenter rooms.If careful movement to automatically trigger desired character actions sounds more interesting than irksom to you, definitely give this a try."
,Not Recommended,331440,26621609,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Orjix Harforth,"i liked this game, i really did but i can not reccomend it. you are required to pick up a seemingly useless key (you already beat the dungeon you dont need it) and keep it, not use it on the other side of the dungeon to unlock the path on the left so both paths are opened. If you did what i did and unlocked the door to make it feel symetrical the game becomes unfinshable, which is really annoying after putting a bunch of time into the game (most of mine were offline). the game is good but that one flaw where you can unkonwingly wreck the whole game for you is a total deal breaker and feels like a complete♥♥♥♥♥♥move by the developer (im sure thats not what he intended)."
,Recommended,331440,26474670,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,๖ۣۜPine Adam #Tilted,7/10 bg game
76561198001678428,Recommended,331440,26963483,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Clementine,.
,Recommended,331440,35246902,Posted: 27 September,all,gabrielxart,Funny!
76561198168211117,Recommended,331440,28838131,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,GlAdØs Ｏ(≧∇≦)Ｏ,Good :v
,Recommended,331440,28891787,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Little Baggy,Amazing game 10/10
76561198095127783,Recommended,331440,28897497,Posted: 1 January,all,SuperSphere,An interesting journey to say the least its simple cheap and fun many differing items and interesing play style anyone would likes a good rouge-like they will love this game
,Recommended,331440,29106770,Posted: 7 January,all,M'aiq the Nigga from Elsweyr,'tis pretty good
,Not Recommended,331440,14317401,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,[Wiskie],this game isn't good don't buy either.
76561198037995200,Not Recommended,331440,13398415,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Moose,"I don't know whether I approve of this game or not. So we're just gonna say no. But keep in mind I had a good amount of fun with this game for the roughly 2 hours I played.First off, lemme get this out of the way, I can't get past the frozen maze. I dunno if my copy/version is just buggy or something, I'm going to uninstall and redownload and update this review. But, I follow the directions the dude in the cave tells me to exit the maze (ala, original Zelda), it won't let me progress. I simply keep repeating the maze never moving forward. I've restarted multiple times and there was no fix.On the topic of replayability, once again I don't know if its an issue only effecting me, but the map just doesn't change at all. When I go into a rogue like game, I expect a big difference in the game on new playthroughs. I was expecting something closer to Binding of Isaac, but instead the only difference was (Possibly) slightly different dungeons, different item drops, etc etc. If you know where the caves are on the overworld, you're free to casually stroll and pick up all of your stat buffs before even walking into your first dungeon.Not that you need to. Grab a bow or an axe, and you're going to rip right through the game like a hot knife through butter. I originally started off using a staff, and enjoyed the challenge of the game for a while... That is, until I walked into a dungeon room with very unfortunately placed enemies who immediately gangbanged me without a chance for me to fight. My next character had an axe, and every enemy died near instantly, including bosses. Just spam the quick attack and they get wrecked.The enemies were incredibly similar in tactics. Waddle towards you, maybe shoot an arrow or magic attack. Charge them and they die, it doesn't make a difference. The bosses suffered the same fate. They looked different, but there were no differences in strategies for killing them.The game was fun enough. But because I couldn't progress it's flaws became apparent super quick. It's not balanced, with some weapons providing an incredibly easy runs or a horribly unfair experience. It became stale quickly, wandering the exact same overworld moving down slow moving and easy enemies became boring fairly quickly.Would I pay 5 dollars again? Nope. If it had multiplayer? Still probably no, which is a rare thing for me considering I absolutely LOVE co-op games. I'd rather spend a few extra bucks for increase replayability, such as Binding of Isaac."
,Recommended,331440,32918400,Posted: 28 June,all,eoJ,Yes very nice steam stickers
76561198048092359,Not Recommended,331440,13858016,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Seppo,"The game is pretty much a Brawler that uses 1-Button for everything. The game looks like Zelda but it doesn't feel like Zelda. It was fun for 2 hours but i think i wouldn't recommend it, i will try to list some of the stuff that was annoying:Controls:When i first started playing the game i got killed on the second screen, i tried again, i died on the second screen again. I stopped playing and went to the forums and tried to figure out the controls. It is weird to use one button for blocking, attacking, picking up items, interacting with NPC and pretty much everything else you can do in the game.After figuring out the controls, they kinda worked. Kinda? Well you hold down the A-Button (on the xbox gamepad) most of the time because that is the way you block in the game. After you block the enemys attack you release the A-Button and press it again to attack yourself, if an enemy dropped an item however you often pick the new item up by accident, if it is a weapon it will often result in taking damage. The game would probably be a lot better if blocking, attacking and picking up items would use different buttons.Difficulty:Well after figuring out the controls, i managed to kill 3 Bosses in my first ""real"" try and i died on the 4th one. Most normal enemies are a one-shot and the variety isn't too big either. You enter a new screen while holding down the A-Button run in the middle of the screen and oneshot most of the enemies, and you repeat that about 10-50x until you can fight a Boss. The Bosses aren't much different than normal enemies, they have a lot more hp, do a lot more damage and shoot more projectiles than normal enemies but they don't seem to require much strategy other than the usual block and counter-attack.Items/Stats etc,;Well i got a ton of different items, they have levels and qualitys and stats but if you have 2 items it isn't easy to figure out which one is better. For example weapons have a damage stat, an attribute bonus, they have different move sets and some weapons can be dual-wielded while others can't.It is confusing but it didn't seem to matter much since i was one-shotting most enemies anyways. Also annoying that weapons despawn rather quickly and it is impossible to enter secret areas twice as a result i lost a couple of items that i wanted to use. Also i have to mention bows, it seems that you cannot block with bows and sometimes enemies spawn right on top of you and some enemies can perma-stun you if you can't block, it seems that bows are not viable as a result of that.Map?The game has no map, some of the screens look very similiar, i'm pretty sure that i spent a lot longer in some areas than necessary because i got lost.BugsI died and killed a Boss at the same time, if you kill a Boss the dungeon entrance disappears and i couldn't get my sould back. As a result i had to play the game on 1-life only after that point. I still managed to kill 2 more Bosses after that until i finally died to the 4th Boss.That should cover most of my thought abouts the game."
,Recommended,331440,13382324,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,RVN. None Of This Matters,"I've only played a bit of this, but I love the premise. If you're a fan of Zelda dungeon crawlers or binding of isaac give it a go. Totaly worth the $5!"
76561198134122159,Recommended,331440,13423313,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Fire,AMAZING Simply amazing it was well worth the money i spent on this fame to see me rageCHECK  MY GAMING CHANNEL THIS IS MY LETS PLAY ON IThttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dHLhcWf0roE&list=UU9C_XpJ1ce9AZ_hWyrTqPAg:)
,Recommended,331440,27936166,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,blackrose,pixel souls
76561198071720482,Not Recommended,331440,26421632,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,pyr0kid,"just play the first one, its almost the same and its free. that being said this is still a good game but the first one was better and is free."
76561198076199756,Recommended,331440,16462368,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Dr.Damian,"BEST GAME 10/10 IGN APPROVED. SUPER FAST PACED,SUPER REWARDING."
,Recommended,331440,13401168,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,pango,"Pro:It's cheap1 The pixelart graphics are really nice. Music and sound effects are pretty good too.2 Gameplay is challenging3 Loot and levels give a good sense of progressCon:1 I don't think the dungeons and overworld are random and it would be a lot nicer if they were3 No way to redefine keysedit: The game does save your progress to the last campfire you rested at, but still the only way to exit is to alt f4."
,Not Recommended,331440,15597751,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,TheBenzeneGirl™,"Haven't been able to play a lot of this game due to a lot of confusion and lack of clarity on the point and controls of the game. When you die it seems to restart you without giving you coins to buy a weapon so you get to a point where there is just no way you can survive.If someone clears this up for me, I would be willing to try the game again."
76561198190438213,Not Recommended,331440,33790536,Posted: 25 July,all,Logdog,"Really bad controls , lacks on explainations and tutorial it's a 3/10"
76561198115091767,Recommended,331440,14250755,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,ultablader,Very fun. It is very similar to both zelda and dark souls.
,Not Recommended,331440,20127347,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Losian Rooke,"Decent - in fact, it seems downright potentially fun.. BUT.. I'm guessing this is a mobile port because, frankly, the controls are awful. It's very tap/hold/drag/etc. based, and it just isn't intuitive at all with the mouse.. And worse, the mouse and keyboard controls seem to conflict more than cooperate in terms of getting your character to do what you want.With some revamped controls for a PC port this would be rock solid, but as is.. it's just awkward. :("
,Recommended,331440,25431972,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,WolfArmyGod,"If you have 20$, you should buy this game, it's fun, challenging, and entertaining."
76561197999462381,Recommended,331440,29235773,Posted: 13 January,all,Brofucius,"A lightweight Demon Souls, it hits home for the old school gamer that also is a fan of the souls series.This would be something else on Android."
76561198141619450,Not Recommended,331440,25811542,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,daisnof,"I cannot say whether I enjoyed he game progression or not because I simply could not get into it. I found the story to be unclear, the combat system to be unclear and OP.The AI was quite basic but I can assume it was meant to be at he start. I enjoyed the simplistic combat physics and the ""Zelda-A Link To The Past"" style dungeon graphics."
76561197971877162,Recommended,331440,17055023,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Asses of Fire,"Bitdungeon 2 is a hard game to review pretty much because the combat sucks.  Like everyone is saying, you walk into the opponent to auto attack and you can do more damage by pressing RMB or A on the controller.  You basically just spam it until your stamina is depleted.  Killing bosses consists of literally standing in place and doing this over and over with very little moving out of the way of projectiles.A few things I found annoying:-When you enter a new room in a dungeon, you are facing the door and not the room, leaving you open to attack.-The same button is used for pretty much everything on the controller.  A blocks, uses a special attack, and basic attack and picks up items.  So, many times you will be spamming attack and accidentally pick up a new item and equip it when you didn't know what it was.There is a map that was added and for good reason.  BD2 desperately needs this as running around after you've cleared a few dungeons gets tedious.  You are supposed to beat all the dungeons on two lives.  So it's sort of a rogue-lite if anything.  The developer pretty much took inspiration from Dark Souls as when you die, you have one chance to retrieve your soul. If you die again, game officially over and you lose all the levels and gear you've accumulated.The major draw for me initially was the way the gear looks even in pixelated form.  You can actually make your pixel avatar look pretty badass.  Things like capes will show up on your toon after you equip them.  Epic weapons look pretty unique too.  You will pretty much always want to equip 2 handers as they do the most damage.  1 handed epic weapons usually only drop after killing a boss, but they're supposed to be random so that may've just been my terrible luck.For a 5 dollar game...BD2 is worth it.  It's a good lunch break game to just whip out if you're at home and play for 20 minutes.  Other than that, it get's extremely boring as most playthroughs look the exact same.  The dev claims each one is procedurally generated.  I suppose this is true. But the level design is so uninspired that each corridor on each playthrough appears the same to me."
,Recommended,331440,34749590,Posted: 4 September,all,≡][≡ Sɴᴜ Cʜᴀɪɴᴢ ≡][≡,Yes
76561198125536492,Recommended,331440,29115482,Posted: 8 January,all,mandy.saunders,Really enjoyable quick little game.  No tutorial but intuitive controls.
76561198047273600,Not Recommended,331440,31269836,Posted: 20 April,all,Jawski,"Pretty much exactly like the first bit Dungeon: Biggest difference is that this one is not free. Quite entertaining game, but I expected something more... Like I said, very much like the first game, one-button smasher with no real storyline or anything. Wouldn't pay for this again, shallow experience: You ""complete"" the game in an hour or two, and then you just restart with your acquired stuff and the enemies are harder.The controls can be very frustrating: Since one button really does everything (attack, block, pick up, use skill) it sometimes leads to unfortunate events: Couple of times when attacking/blocking in middle of enemies I've accidentally picked up some crappy common equip that replaced my legendary equips, then went to next screen and noticed what happened. And if you leave the screen all the items on the ground will be gone.Also there is ""Online""-option on the menu, but you can't use it and the game has been out for a couple of years already, so this game seems to be abandoned by the developers.Not the worst way to use 0,99€, kept me entertained for few hours, but wouldn't recommend for the full price."
76561198098389641,Recommended,331440,18141229,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Necro-loli-con,OUR GREAT LORD AN SAVIOR DONALD TRUMP HAS PROVIDED THIS GAME FOR US!!! ALL HAIL DONALD TRUMP!!! THE SECOND COMING OF JESUS ♥♥♥♥ING CHRIST!!!!
,Not Recommended,331440,13457265,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Jawpz,"A good Roguelike with a lot of replayability but there's one HUGE downfall to this game: There's no reward only punishment.No unlocks, no leader boards, nothing carries over to a new character and it doesn't even keep record of previous characters. If it had unlocks, a stat system or let you keep something when you died then i would have no problem with this game and probably invest more time into it but since there is no reward or goals i can't recommend this game which is a shame because i really like it and it has massive potential.EDIT: I have found out that there is in fact a leaderboards which can be located within the achievement page but for what ever reason it doesn't always seem to register my score and the fact it's not in game means it's easily over looked.Also having played the game more now i can tell you that this game is not a roguelike as it sells itself on being; it is infact a roguelite. The over world is not randomised how ever your spawning point is and so are the dungeons (I think) so if anything i would class this game as a 'hardcore ARPG' rather than a rogue game."
,Not Recommended,331440,13406450,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Felicity Flynxify van Sugarpink,"It's like a Zelda-game without most of the things that make Zelda-games fun. The fights are monotonous, the bosses un-imaginative and the overworld utterly confusing. One hour and two bosses later I'd recommend ""bit Dungeon II"" to anyone who wants to kill this exact ammount of time and has 5$ in their wallet."
,Not Recommended,331440,13428815,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,alisterio,"Took some time getting used to this game. Once I understood how to play it was okay.Controls are very limited. You can't see your stats when you have an opportunity to upgrade them.Skills and weapons are never explained, so it's all guesswork.Two life death system is very punishing and really frustrating.There are no maps, and when every area looks the same, it's pretty annoying.The item system is really hard to understand when stats aren't explained.I do like that it is simple and you can get going straight away, but I feel it is TOO simple.This game is more frustrating than fun."
,Not Recommended,331440,13572231,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Mabish,"First of all I'd like to say I like these sort of games, but I currently feel that buying this game was a mistake.The controls are really weird - you just walk towards the enemies and the game swings your weapon for you, this makes the game feel really weird, especially at first. You get used to it fast, but I don't see why the dev decided this was better  than having a separate button for attack.The second bad thing about this game is the deal breaker for me - sometimes (quite often) when you enter a room you instantly get hit by monsters, or a big monster might even block you from moving which means that you will 100% sure take damage and theres nothing you can do about it. And if you are not strong enough to kill the monster right away you might just die.Also sometimes monsters dodge or ignore your damage so even if you're just meleeing easy monsters that you know you can one shot, you often end up missing the hit and taking some damage.Sure the latter can be avoided by being extra careful against even the tiniest guys but in this game a new set of monsters are spawned everytime you enter a room - even if you had already cleared that room previously.Apart from these things, it's a fun little game and the price is very affordable so definitely check back on it later, but I wouldn't recommend buying it as it is.I'll give this game another shot later and hopefully I can recommend this game to others by then."
,Not Recommended,331440,13447888,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Sour bob - Trading/Animus,"Needs more features , better animations pls , and a bigger inventory + coop"
,Recommended,331440,14288960,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,B_DOGX,Awesome game!!! better than the first!!!
76561198006796271,Recommended,331440,31287397,Posted: 21 April,all,The Englishman,Great Game!
,Not Recommended,331440,25845775,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,GERMA AKA THE GOD OF DEAD MEMES,"This game doesn't even deserve a propper review, its just a grind fest."
,Recommended,331440,26500061,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Willie,:>
,Not Recommended,331440,13421924,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,PariahDog,"tl;dr: The game feels unfinished, unpolished and offers only very mediocre hack & slash gameplay. Also, it's not even close to being a rogue-like as one of its user-defined tags suggests.The game feels very unfinished.Very little variation in zone graphics: The first screenshot (desert zone) shows you pretty much all the objects used to decorate the desert area, excluding the handful of enemies running around there. This makes the areas very dull.There is no story: You bring the soul of some bint to a grave in some dark demon world dungeon for no reason what so ever. A game like this doesn't necessarily need a story, since usually these kind of games make up for it with addictive and enjoyable gameplay. This one completely misses the mark on both.Both enemies and bosses are dull and too similar.It makes one tiny attempt at a puzzle (two mazes in the game, completely identical except for the movement combination). Now this game doesn't need puzzles, but if you're going to include them and they are bad, it is to the detriment of the game.The game feels very unpolished.Some walls allow you to jump down a ledge if you run into its northern edge. However, if you run into its southern edge it still makes the jump sound despite not having you jump up.Collision with obstacles bumps you back, rather than halting movement. This makes movement feel and look very amateurish.The controls are mediocre. I simply don't understand why blocking, activating a special attack, and the normal attack are all bound to the same button. I also don't understand why moving into an enemy automatically triggers you to do your normal attack. If you're going to copy Zelda: A Link to the Past, then also copy its combat system to some extent. Oh, I almost forgot: picking up gear drops is also bound to the attack button. This means you can pick up a mediocre item while attacking and not notice it until you leave the level. Every item despawns once you leave the level, so there is no way to get it back.Shops are pointless: There are a bunch of shops that offer static items that are only good when you haven't gotten any equipment drops yet. There are only three shops worth going to. The first two offer random loot of a certain item rank, and the last one restocks some stat boost runes as you gain more levels.The game is ridiculously easy. I have defeated all the bosses except the last one by standing in front of the boss and spamming the attack button. The boss usually doesn't even get a chance to do anything, but the things it does are hardly worth experiencing anyway.When you go from one area to the next, you spawn too far into the new area. This results in awkward positioning and monsters reaching you before you can assess the area and respond. This is probably why the dev included an auto attack when you run into monsters, but this one doesn't work if you wield a bow. The only way to prevent getting damage this way is to spam your attack when you move from one area to the next.Dungeon graphics resemble Zelda (A Link to the Past) graphics. The 5th (last) screenshot on the store page points this out, and it touches the border from homage to blatant plagiarism.Does the game have anything good to offer?If you can get over all the flaws mentioned before, you get a game that primarily focuses on equipment grind. You find items with different stat bonuses to finetune your character, and you gain stats each level based on the kind of attacks you used. The monsters level along with you, but do this in a rather strange fashion. Monsters I could one-shot when I first met them suddenly took a lot more hits after I finished a dungeon. The loot is random and there is no inventory to save your items. You carry only what you have equiped and leave the rest behind. You also don't have any consumables.If you are attracted by the ""rogue-like"" tag, then I must disappoint you. The game has no procedural level generation (at least, the areas look so much alike it's hard to say. Starting a new game drops you at a different area, though, but on my third game I got the feeling this is the only random part of the level generation), no turn-based gameplay, and there is no tile-based movement/graphics. This game offers perma-death, but gives you extra-live(s), and it has randomized loot. Perhaps this is what the definition of rogue-like has boiled down to.I wish I bought wanderlust instead."
,Not Recommended,331440,13427205,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,TheNanopet,"Right, so this game is not what I thought it would be.So here's how you do it: Tap left mouse to attack, hold right mouse to block, hold left mouse to charge special ability, tap right mouse to parry, WASD/Arrows to move. One button mechanics only work when you only have one ♥♥♥♥ing mechanic instead of four to work with.In terms of actual review, this is so clearly just a direct port from android/iOS that it's not even funny. How do you move? Left mouse. Attack? Left mouse. Block? Left mouse. Special? Left mouse. Buy something? Left mouse. Enter doors? Left mouse. Pickup/use items/bonfires? Left ♥♥♥♥ing mouse! Yeah, you can use other controls, but the other controls are just as cluttered and don't even work as well. You could also use Spacebar to attack/block/charge/move/open/buy/pickup/use, but why do that when left mouse is so much more convenient? You can also, of course, use WASD or a control stick for movement, but it doesn't stop your mouse from moving you when you do, and it stops you from attacking in any reasonable direction you want to, so it's actually utterly pointless! I mean, there's only almost fifty usable keys on a keyboard and always at least three or more on a mouse, why would anyone even think of using them?So, no, unfortunately, this isn't actually a game that people can play reasonably. However, it did teach me what I should use to hit the 'Don't Reccomend' button."
76561198145146697,Not Recommended,331440,28347189,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,ADcrafter,"The game is mindless, you are ""thrown into the game without a tutorial and an idea about whats happening, the combat consists of pressing a button when close to enemy and thats it. what will decide if you or the enemy wins appears to be only influenced by stats alone, which means the game is about grinding. the dungeons are short and unfun, and I was able to beat 2 dungeons under 11 minutes with no idea about the controls. The stats get no explanation and the mechanics are unclear. I found a tutorial while trying to exit the game to request a refund! this game would be good as a free game on newgrounds, but its too mindless to be worth the money, even in the sale i got it in. All things considered, its not a necessarily awful game, and someone might enjoy it, but when a game relies only on stats to decide who wins a battle, it does not make for fun gameplay. One could say I didnt play enough to have a clear idea if what I said is true, but based on other reviews, it appears my impressions are true, and when a game doesnt make a player get ""into the game"" in the beggining, which is usually the easiest moments to do it... Something's wrong"
76561197993260438,Not Recommended,331440,26617006,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Sloth Loves Chunk,This game sucks.No instructions. Does not work with controller.
76561198118064368,Not Recommended,331440,23403528,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,imbeingheldagainstmywill,It's like Bit Dungeon 1 but a little bit worse because it costs money.
,Not Recommended,331440,13409542,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Rico Suave,I feel robbed of $5. I could have used that money to buy another copy of Dark Souls.
,Not Recommended,331440,13425616,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Vizare,this game has so much potential but there are so many really easy things that make this game boring.1. there is no map period2. there is no explination on anything. took me about 2 hours looking up how to play the game.3. the controls are unexcplained and unbindable4. it gets competitive really fastI quit playing after i died a couple times by getting stuck by monsters right as a moved into a room unable to move or attack
76561198163743602,Recommended,331440,14291228,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Selling Avocados,10/10
76561198067962445,Not Recommended,331440,23691117,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,MrLovaLova,"this is a great game, if you don't mind losing all your♥♥♥♥♥♥ because of a stupid death"
76561198014665763,Not Recommended,331440,34241444,Posted: 14 August,all,Rufus,"Garbage game. The graphics are awful, and glitch out often. The music is generic and doesn't fit with the game. The controls are terrible. It's easy to get stuck on walls, causing the character to spazz out as you try to get away. The combat is as bad as it gets; you walk up to enemies and the character waggles his weapon vaguely in their direction. There's supposed to be some kind of blocking and special attacks but since it's all on the same button, and barely works anyway, it's mostly meaningless. The game explains nothing and the shoddy mechanics make it totally possible to get stuck in a sealed room with no weapon, meaning the only option is to stand still and die.Avoid this like the plague; it's one of the worst, most low-effort games I've ever had the misfortune of playing."
76561198294931797,Not Recommended,331440,26574871,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Wannawach,just no
76561197968114576,Not Recommended,331440,28748640,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,The Gag Knuckle,"This game is turds galore, yo."
,Not Recommended,331440,13794104,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,RandomSanity,"I do not understand how this game is receiving recommendations. The controls are absolutely horrible; block, attack, and special attack all use the same button, as does action, picking up items and pretty much every other function you can perform.This is a shameless mobile/flash port that has no place on Steam if the developer is not going to re-work the controls.Controls aside, this is a mediocre example of the roguelike-like genre. Save your cash and get Nuclear Throne."
76561198071421958,Not Recommended,331440,26041580,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,eternal jape,really ♥♥♥♥ing bad
76561198045145646,Not Recommended,331440,19208637,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Lil T,This game looked fun but it was disappointing playing. It was fun at first but after I died and saw that I was at level 1 again it was annoying. Especially the fact that you cant really get good items that help you survive better.
,Recommended,331440,19205550,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,>Ｐｒｉｍｕｓ.,This was a fun and simple 8-Bit dungeon crawler game with easy to understand controls.
76561198126916371,Recommended,331440,19316728,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,TobiBooneTheSmallSpoon,"The completionist in me squealed like a fangirl! One of my favorites! Good graphics, fair combat, replayable and fun."
,Recommended,331440,19244850,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Veganjustin,"This game is so fun! I love simple classic rpgs like this. For the price, it is well worth it."
,Recommended,331440,30620648,Posted: 19 March,all,cepn,The game gives fast relax to your brain.
,Not Recommended,331440,19303469,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,KipofMudd,"ripper summed this game up absolutely perfectly under is negative review.Literally this is everything that is wrong with the game and it is absolutely unbearable, at least to me. I got it for $1 on sale, and I still don't think that was worth it to be honest.All deaths feel undeserving and just kind of random to be honest. The enemies respawning is not to bad and I don't mind that. But I agree with everything else he said. You can easily find another game for $4 that won't frustrate or bore you with it's single button mechanics."
,Not Recommended,331440,19341862,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,RAY,too easy.Ur character make all  job. 4 u remains press WASD only.
76561198162971560,Recommended,331440,19555021,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,awstasiuk,Must have dungeon crawler.  Recently enjoyed losing 10 hours of my life repeatedly beating the game and leveling my character to 256.  Double spears all the way!!!
76561198030905849,Not Recommended,331440,13525241,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Game Soup,"While it was interesting to try out, the game needs a revision on some of its mechanics.  The lack of any map ensures you'll spend a lot of time wandering around, and it's probably the single biggest sticking point of the game that I can think of.  Other than that, most dungeons had similar or identical layouts, and trekking back to a dungeon after a death turns into a chore when you're not positive which way to go.  After about an hour my mind started to glaze over because the game starts to numb you - each screen looks similar, contains similar enemies, and must be handled in a similar way.The game's concept is great but it will quickly get old unless something is done in a patch to revisit some of its weaknesses.  I can't recommend the game for its full retail price, but if you're OK with paying 3 dollars or so to wring out about 2 hours of fun, then you'll have a good time.  After spending about 2 hours in the game I have no desire to continue playing it - the rogue-like elements are far from deep and the inspirations from Dark Souls and Zelda do not significantly change or improve upon aspects of those games. Instead, the very clear inspiration it takes from other games leaves these borrowed mechanics feel shallow in comparison to their use in the titles that made them classics."
,Recommended,331440,13483065,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,ENS,"I've only played about about 15 minutes of this game. But I'm already addicted, you've put two of my favourite games into one. (Zelda and Dark Souls).Simple, easy to pick up game mechanics, but they definitely will take time to master. Really hope the game gets more support and is able to create an amazing following much like other roguelikes have.The only thing I could complain about is as far as I am aware, there's no save function?I understand it's meant to be a fast pace game, but if I need to leave for a couple hours an I have an amazing run going I would love to continue it.Very much enjoy the fact much like Dark Souls and Binding of Isaac. It doesn't explain things. No hand holding I started in I believe it was called the gried forest? Went to the next screen and tried to kill the ghost thing and...died.Love it."
76561197993051563,Recommended,331440,13483877,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Hanuman,"I'm having a blast with this game for what it is, a fast paced, zelda-meets-dark souls rpg adventure. It is NOT a AAA title from Nintendo or Square Enix, so it's still got some polishing to do, but I feel this game is well worth the price. Hope the devs keep up the good work.A note though, magic and bows feel like they really mess with this pace of the game, and I'd rather play Binding of Isaac if I wanted that kind of combat style, I would recommend fleshing out the melee system more as it currently makes for a more entertaining play style."
,Not Recommended,331440,13487273,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Brackhar,"Controls are pretty awkward, with the same button being used for attack, block, and special attack depending on how long you hold it down.  For a game entirely focused on its combat, this is really unfortunate."
,Not Recommended,331440,13488789,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Blue,"I tried to enjoy this game. May not have played long, but it took less than that for me to get bored. And I usually enjoy games similar to this. Not worth paying anything. Sorry Devs."
76561197992758455,Recommended,331440,13507559,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,sukka mehu,"Very good game, but made me mad when I went to remove musics, but accidentally deleted my lv 80 charachter......"
76561198056059726,Recommended,331440,13467573,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,u2ojr2,"Great game, Great concept, Go buy it"
76561198148455660,Recommended,331440,13473571,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Advanced Vending Machine,"The is awesome and it's and very addictive, i bought it when it was on sale and i was curious about the game, it dose deserve to be played, think that you are playingzeldawithborderlandsthat should summerize everything"
,Recommended,331440,13477672,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Sierra Foxtrot,"Its a suprisingly fun game, reminds me a little of the souls series. Don't get me wrng, its not like they copied dark souls or dark souls 2, they just took some nice aspects and made them their own. Worth a play for sure!"
,Recommended,331440,13480763,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,killtocure,Fun little hyrbid of Dark Souls & Zelda:ALTTP.
76561197985704187,Recommended,331440,13531950,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Michael Fassbender,"BITS, BATS, AND BEGONIAS!"
76561198013851213,Recommended,331440,13512871,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,I'm on a boat beach,The game is simpler than what I expected. It's fun but a bit too short.
,Recommended,331440,13407291,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Boinks,"Absolutely great game. I've been recently hooked on a android game called Pixel Dungeon. When this released I knew that it would provide me the same gratifying deaths but now on a 24 inch display. So far it's been so worth it. Great game play, but I really wished this was a tab more skill involved"
,Recommended,331440,13407934,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,JohnPaulGrim,"Killed a Knight, went left, got lost and turned back around.Killed a rat eating the Knights corpse, went right, got lost and turned around.Killed a rat eating a rat and the Knights corpse, got a sweet epic axe.Zelda, Diablo, Dark Souls and Pest Control Simulator.What else can I say besides the obvious?You need to play this little beast of a game.10/10"
76561198057174603,Recommended,331440,13411106,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,❦tIPuP❦,"What is the order for the frozen maze i cant find it out, my brain just cant... It says south, east, north, and east, i see down, left, up, left. wont work if thats it,"
,Recommended,331440,13442210,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Ayy Lmao | CSGO-CASE.COM,"I feel that many people are rating this game with other games like Zelda in mind. What you need to realize is that Zelda took years to make, it was so well developed that no other game can compare to it for that very reason. With that being said i find it unrealistic for people to try and compare it to a $5 game. I'm not trashing this game in any way by saying that, what I'm saying is that for what has been put into it, I feel like it exceedes my expectations. I played the first game and the second one has improved leaps and bounds. The early issues were just fixed this update, and I'm very glad that the maker is concerned with the flaws in his product, you can even look on the website to see the amazing and great things they have planned.(http://kintogames.com/)This game is worth far more than $5, for the content I would expect $10-$15 especially with what they are adding in the future. I can play hours on end of this game finding all the hidden things it has to offer. The best part is that no playthrough is ever the same thanks to the random weapon drops. I can get an OP weapon at the start and have no trouble finishing it but next time if I don't get that, the entire thing changes. This game is great. This game also should not be played with anything but a controller, it gives you the best gameplay possible. Can't wait for multiplayer!!!"
,Recommended,331440,13575105,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,khablabla,"What a pleasant surprise! A fun, simple game that is super easy to pick up, play, and die a lot. Play it while listening to the Glitch Mob. It's freaking awesome."
,Recommended,331440,13591772,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Muscles McGee IV,This is definitely a game.
76561198068783441,Not Recommended,331440,13576526,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,drock2854,"Not a bad game. As someone else had said in the reviews, get bow, win game. He was right on. The bow is a game ender and once you have it you will win. The only thing I can say I disliked about the game is how when you go through a door, especially in the later levels, the enemies swarm the door and stun you over and over again until you die. Then you lose all your gear and have to start over, at the start, with nothing. Last area is not easy to get to and you have already gathered the best gear in the game, which you cannot regain, makes it almost impossible to get back where you were. And that the same button does everything, although nice and east, you pick up weapons on accident when using the bow, and you walk to the next area before you realized what has happend. Annnd you just lost that bow you worked so hard to get and replaced it with a level two stick.  If this game is on sale for a couple of bucks buy it, if it's full price, wait. If you played Zelda as a kid, it's worth it, if not, save your money."
,Recommended,331440,13580548,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Xelephis,"Pretty fun game, feels like its from SNES era but has RNG gear elements. Seems like it has replay value, the game dificulty rises as you clear dungeons (I don't think it matters what order, I ran around and did them as I found them like I did on the old zelda games xD...) If you feel lost you can go to guides section and get a map if running arround isn't your thing.Death has no penalty the first time, but if you can't make it back to where you died (kind of like darksouls) and die again, you have to restart. I personally like penalty for death so I think this is awesome.I wish I could comment on boss dificulty but I got super lucky early and got a weapon that let me breeze through them so not sure how much variety is in there attack patterns.All in all I think if older style of games is your thing, you should try this :)"
,Recommended,331440,16854201,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,likecnsnnts,It's Zelda but Dark Souls. Unforgiving but fast and fun.
,Recommended,331440,16482643,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,MagicalMormonUnderwear,"Awesome game, it feels a lot like Zelda 1, which was a game i loved, but it has the added value of having stats and a totally customizable character with tons of loot to find. The game is brutal without being overly challenging, it's fast paced, has good graphics, sound and replayability. Nostalgia factor is through the roof. I like how it just throws you into the world because the controls are so intuitive. If you like fast paced top-down adventure RPGs this is your game."
,Recommended,331440,16525433,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,NOTEN,Couldn't get the last achievement.  Otherwise a fun game.
76561198067851360,Recommended,331440,17150030,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Joeoct,"It's Dark souls meets Link to the past. It's really really awesome, but not very long."
,Not Recommended,331440,16629795,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,OmegaJeff,"I feel like this was a very 'meh' mobile game that got ported to be a rather bad PC game.The only real control you have over your character is movement and the equipment you pick up and drop.  You have no inventory, so you can't even swap out gear in anticipation of a particular fight.  There's no real sense of agency in the combat.  Since you can't move effectively well enough to dodge, the combat just comes down to whether your weapon can one-shot the enemies, and how long your other gear will keep you alive.As for exploration, this game falls much closer to ""Adventure!"" than it does to ""Zelda"".  The environments you explore are very simple and repetative, and the game gives you a very poor sense of where you are."
,Recommended,331440,18128701,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Apathy,"IfZelda: Link to the PastandDark Soulshad a baby and raised it on loot-grab ARPG games likeDiablo, this is what that child would be.Overview:A very fast passed Zelda: A Link to The Past style of gameplay with elements from Dark Souls, and RNG loot systems like Diablo... Pretty much like what I just said above.  You'll explore a randomly generated map, happen upon dungeons to be solved and bosses therein to slay. For those that played Super Metroid on the SNES back in the day, and remember how defeating bosses are like keys in a lock to a door to a final area, you will find that homage here.  The game has a great rate of progression. Greedy loot based gamers, those that enjoy Diablo, will enjoy this game very much.Pros:Rogue-like risk vs. reward gameplay.Retro graphics, but not too retroas to cause your eyes to bleed. The sprites are done beautifully, Zelda SNES style.Awesome Chiptunes music. Very entertaining videogame/chiptunes style music. I turned off my own music just to enjoy it.Tiered loot system.Mimics MMO's and ARPG's with its loot system. I.E. ""Common, Uncommon, Rare, Epic""Lots of Character/Gear Statsthat can be influenced by your gear and by powerups you find in game. Allowing you to build your character the way you want (Dark Souls style)New Game+.The game instantly starts over on harder difficulties with scaling gear drops each time you beat it.Great varietyin items and gameplay.  The pacing and progression allow enjoyment in the face of repeating the game.Cons:Control issues.Controls can seem to get hung up or glitch out every now and then. And directions aren't all that clear for such simple controls.Inventory management.I feel like a few slots of inventory should be allowed. And again, the controls with the inventory can cause issues mid combat as you accidently pick up a weapon when you were trying to block.Lack of information.Stats aren't explained. Unique stats aren't explained.Lack of abilities.You can attack with melee, or ranged. That's it. No special spells. No utility items.Boss fights.They are alllllll the same. Except for maybe the final boss.Summary:Bit Dungeon IIis great if you just want a game to jump into without any wait time, and want instant gratification.  You'll have a few rounds of learning how the game works, and its mechanics, but once you get the hang of it, it's very easy to just keep playing.  Seeing the influences of old great games from SNES days mixed in with influences from legendary games like the Dark Souls series is awesome. It doesn't try to hide it, and it embraces something great. The devs need to worry about adding some features for long-term play like adding unique abilities or spells, otherwise combat will get old.  And for crying out loud, tell me what my stats mean. What does this epic weapon with a special attribute do? Anyways.  A great indie-retro game.  The result of someone taking a few great ideas, not complicating the project, and refining it into something many gamers can enjoy.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,331440,18108767,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Geondp,Really fun!
,Recommended,331440,13630550,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,twitch.tv/copke46,I've been playing this game for about five minutes and I already want to buy it for all of my friends. The only negative things about this game are:1: It is not yet listed on Twitch.tv2: Too addicting.10/10 would buy 5 more times
,Recommended,331440,13619941,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Chicken$#it,Its like Zelda meets Dark Souls; all good things. Worked with controller out of box. Option navigation and general instructions a bit rough....like Dark Souls and Zelda; again all good things.
76561198004448947,Recommended,331440,13611172,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,akiren777,Fun fast zelda like dungeon crawler.  Great game and well worth the cheap price.
,Recommended,331440,13598928,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Hugh_Janus,This game is alot of fun.  Retro gaming at its best!
,Not Recommended,331440,13599957,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,penis retard 69,"I really hesitated before writing this, but I have to admit, that this game is a failure, even after taking under consideration it's price.Game mechanics:The game isn't, as it adverises itself, a roguelike game -onlything that is 'random' is loot. Dungeon location, and dungeons themselves remains the same for all gamethroughs, up to a point that I can pretty much play this game blindfolded. Room-swapping screen movement is terrible - you will pretty much take free damage to face, if not blocked.Equipment loot varies a lot - from 'totally useless' to 'oh god i got it at lvl 2 and i can just hack my way through the game from this point'. There's nothing clever about stats, nothing interesting about armors and weapons, besides hammers scaling with faith.Respawn and 'second chance' system is something new. It isn't actually doing anything but making an excuse for not fixing screen-swapping nearly unavoidable damage. It doesn't make this game any easier - it makes itbearable.Fighting system is garbage. All you have to do is run into enemies, and sometimes - if you didn't get good loot - click on them. Done. It couldn't be any easier.Level design:Level design is lacking pretty much everything - you get:Icy, forgotten,somethingplagued area!Spooky forest with spooky ghosts!Desert with giant insects!Purple land with purple Striders from Half-Life 2!RIGHT NEXT TO EACH OTHER.There's a locked last level, unlocked after going through all dungeons. It's spookier than the forest, more plagued than Africa and icy area combined, with more irritating enemies than Middle East and desert all together. Also, caves.Everything here just screams 'lazy', but what would you expect after a 5€ game (Hint - more)?Bosses and enemies:Oh God, here's a good one. I guess omnipresent knights are supposed to be like Black Phantoms from DS. If so, they fail in that role.Want a quick hint on how to defeat all bosses?Just click them to death. Simple as it sounds, it's true. There's little to add to this game.Overall look:Good time killer, terrible game. Doesn't live up to its description.Don't buy it, unless it's for on a discount. For real. It's not worth 5€."
,Recommended,331440,13601993,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Sir Enith,"This game is really cool, fast paced enough to keep it interesting but not just running through everything. I realy enjoy discovering more of the map and discovering temples and weapons. I would definitely recomend this one."
,Recommended,331440,13874505,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Eckman Jones,"First off, I own the tablet version of bit Dungeon. Awesome game. When you port something to the pc, we have certain expectations to need to be met. Such as an ability to set the resolution. The options menu is very lack luster. There really isnt one.  Really the game feels too ""zoomed in"", which isnt the case with the tablet version.I dont think this is a bad game at all, just needs some improvement."
,Recommended,331440,14552800,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Inky,"Are you generally bad at video games?Do rouge-likes usually ahve you pulling out your hair and mumbling obsinities at yourself?Do you like 8-bit style and recalling the glory days of old Zelda games?Than this might be for you.I'm generally, as a rule, pretty bad at video games, reguardless of how much I liek them. Rouge-likes usually slay me prettily easily, and I never, never get even remotely close to beating one. This game however has the addictive feel of the old zelda games but also makes me feel like I'm not complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ which for me is a nice change of pace. The layout is pretty wasy to follow and once you hit level 10 it's fairly easy to stay alive unless you get youself backed into a corner.I can definitely see why it would have some negetive reviews. Especially for people who go into rogue-like looking for a challenge, as that's not what you'll fins here, though as far as I can tell there are some obscure achievements to be found if that happens to be your thing.  If not, than this is at least a casual play game to turn on when your bored, I fouind myself losing track of time as I played and definitely appreciated the feeling of not dying every time I turn around.TLDR; Overall I would recommend this game, at least to those who enjoy casual 8-bit games. If your looking for a challenging twist to the old zelda-like games than look elsewhere friend."
76561198080834139,Recommended,331440,14545863,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,♓️ℌ𝔢𝔱𝔠𝔥♓,Great game Great price had loads of fun running around clearing dungeons!
76561198059713430,Recommended,331440,14586758,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Reynard,its one of my favorite bit dungon crawlers but its a shame that there is not carfting in it or upgarding but its still good so i rate it vince/caleb microwave magical girl
,Recommended,331440,16562190,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,nehima,really fun but the dungeons are especially tough. the bosses aint so bad but the tough mobs of the dungeon itself packed together in the room..rip in peace me.
76561198040834884,Recommended,331440,16574771,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Xemnic,"This is the ""Hidden Gem"" you're looking for."
,Recommended,331440,14168186,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Spook Master 9,"I cannot recomend this game enough, i play bit dungeon alot, and i love both of these games, this one more sop, its a great game, and i have alot of fun playing it, esp[ecially because when you die everything resets, great game, i recomend it highly10/10"
76561198116734203,Recommended,331440,13639204,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Tank81,personally this game is fun to play with the variety of different dungeons! and weapons and armour ext. some people may think that the music sucks but realy people thats the music how about you focus on the game. I used to not understand this game and controls and the system but now i have played it a few times and mostly enjoy playing it from time to time SO IF YOUR A GUY WHO LIKES COOL DROPS FROM MONSTERS AND BOSSES AND LOVE DUNGEONS THEN THIS IS THE GAME YOU SHOULD PLAY.......but what is dissapointing is that you lose your items when you die but its realy easy to get good drops from casual monsters for example i had mostly all the good stuff in the game but then i went into a desert dungeon and got killed by the boss of the dungeon but when i respawned 1. i got an extra life 2. there was a shop (free) right next to me and in under a minute i got different but awsome  drops from beginner monsters so soz about making you read all of this but now you basically know how the game works. and if you want me to do any more game reviews to tell you what the game is like just say and ill do it.BIT DUNGEON !!
,Not Recommended,331440,15980236,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,MooX,"I understand that people can enjoy this kind of game, it can be a good roguelike for some aspects but it really didn't get me in. Mostly because of the gameplay that didn't attracted me."
76561198067869074,Not Recommended,331440,16751459,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Xanfu,"I don't recommend this one at all. You die very easily and then have to start over again from the beginning. Not much else to say. If you can, use the bow."
76561197999362738,Recommended,331440,16693935,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Coldplain,"This is something else, a very good game with great music and atmosphere."
,Recommended,331440,16613648,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,l0stkausality,Addicitve zelda-style gameplay with the frantic looting aesthetic of Realm of the Mad God.  Perma-death does make the whole thing a lot more serious as well. Not as much room for mistakes.
76561197962820946,Recommended,331440,16587796,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Rego,"Hack, Slash, Loot, Repeat"
76561198011498880,Not Recommended,331440,16643876,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,InfinityGodHand,"Firstly I have to tell you about the positive parts of the game-Positives*It's graphicsI really like the time and effort put into the sprites for the characters as well as the monsters; especially that items change the look of the character which is a plus in most games like these.*Game MechanicsThey feel relatively smooth and you do get feedback in the form of damage shown and what ever bonuses are applied-NegativesOkay, now there are a lot of negatives to this game*Super BuggyNow I know there is only one person working on this game but it is not fully developed, early stage Early Access at best._There is a bug were the character disappers (Dies) and since this is a Roguelike it's gone for good._The Achivements don't all work so if you are a complisionist do not buy this game because the achievement has been broken for a long time with no update in sight._The game is rarely updated and still feels barebones._Bonuses, once at a certain level, don't work together._Sometimes unequiping your items actually reduces your stats permanently._Walking through to new areas can make screen go blank and you have to close by minimising and losing progress_No way to roll back if there are any glitches_Can't get your soul back if you die before leaving dungeon with dead bossThis is to name a few of many more glitches and they have been around for months with no fixes at all and little communication from the developerAreas:The game is interesting to begin with but the areas remain the same and it feels repetative if you are on your second playthrough or on a new character. Although the game lets you go to which ever dungeon you want you need to go to them all in the end making it quite linear. Not as giant as is claimed in the descriptionI had some expectations of this game and would have liked to see it updated more often, since I had been active in the in discussions, but am sadly disappointed at the lack of effort going into fixing it.I hope this has been informative and thank you for reading."
,Recommended,331440,16697362,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Anaxagor,"A great retro game (visuals and gameplay) that has fun with some modern concepts (random loot and equipment, money kept from game to game). The fighting is the only problem I have, where you have a hard time feeling hits (given and taken). But dungeons are great, large and the final bosses are impressive. Some nice exploring in the overworld map. Fans of Zelda-like games, get this, you'll get a few hours of fun for a low price. A labor of love!"
76561198133285360,Recommended,331440,18216388,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Rokurou Rangetsu,awesome
,Recommended,331440,18229105,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,The Law,"extreamly enjoyable, tons of replay value and an interesting speed run"
,Recommended,331440,18505217,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Chink,"I've only been playing this game for a little while, and it's brilliant, would recommend!"
,Recommended,331440,13423205,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Silvance,"Fun little Rogue-like game for a very reasonable price. Fairly difficult and definitely unforgiving with its l only one life most of the time, though you can gain extra lives from killing bosses and a few other ways. Overall, I'd recommend it for a time waster, or if you enjoy a good challenge."
76561198072427029,Recommended,331440,13491989,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,behindshit,"Having this game for a while and played the crap out of it. It was fun untill the update came out when they removed the bug. ""stat points you get for rings""i like farming for rings so i can get better. now ,the fun has been taken out and  i feel likethis game is like you play it once and that's it. i hope in the future it has a place where you can buy stat points-You will get to a point where the enemys can  allmost kill you.-the best class to go with is str and dex as this it""s the best class.-once you finish the game 3rd and 4th time it will be had as f%*k-i stoped at level 155buy it if you have nothing to playfunny storyi was number 2 on the leader bored and the top rank player added me asked me some questions like how much you hit, things like that soon as i said my max hit was 70k with death strike he said i hit 90k but. he was level 350 and i was 155 he told me""hey want to become stronger""i said yea! then he tell me take everything off and pick up a ring . You'll get trpple the stat points he said. so i did. Well, what you know i lost all my stat points back to default. insted of 70k death strike now back to 15k. soon as i asked about it, he unfriend me. only because he new i was close to his attack power.then the update come out 21/12.2012He got jelly."
,Recommended,331440,13703391,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,VPLogix,"Not to hard, Not to easy though, But lots of fun to pass the time."
76561198012308690,Recommended,331440,13746993,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,BrazenOrPraisen,"I have never writen a review about this game before, but much like this game I will keep it short, sweet, and two the point. If you are a dark souls fan and you do not have this game, I feel sorry for you. It is a combination of a game where you can pick it up and play it if you have a couple of minutes to spare before you need to run off, but have all the fun of playing a dark souls game. In my opinion it is worth every penny, sale or not."
,Not Recommended,331440,13749941,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Shunt McGuppin,"Normally I enjoy rogue-likes.  I thought that this game was crap.  Bought it on sale, but still wasn't worth it.  If you aren't sure, don't get it."
76561198057986591,Recommended,331440,13756005,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,L M A O,Great game! Easy to jump in and have loads of fun instantly! Tight controls...sort of all controls are keyboard but they  can be on the mouse which confused me at first but you'll get the hang of it. Getting really far and dying doesn't feel as terrible which is a great feeling. The soundtrack is good until you've heard the same song over and over. I'd give it and7/10.
76561198079517396,Recommended,331440,13782501,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,August strindberg,its a great game
76561198042096316,Recommended,331440,13842376,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Boggleman,"This is a fun, simple game that will give a short but fun experience. It has good replay value and it has a good price. Its $5, so why wouldn't you give it a try."
,Recommended,331440,13843353,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Marble_Knight,"Great game, the controls are a bit odd, would prefer different buttons for the block and charge.Other than the controls, the game itself is great, I can definately see the inspiration of Dark souls and Zelda perfectly merged into one game.Keep up the great work, your style has peaked a lot of interests."
,Recommended,331440,13803366,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,limitlis,"I'll start off by saying that I'm a huge LoZgeekfan, so right away the game looked interesting to me. The fighting mechanics and other controls in general took a bit of getting used to (there's only a black screen with some writing and after actually taking the time to read it it became a little clearer.)Overall the game is a lot of fun. I enjoyed how picking up different weapons and gear actually have not only a visual impact on your character but also physical also.I've got about an hour and a half into the game but so far have really enjoyed it. Great game."
76561197987333063,Recommended,331440,13736944,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Herald of the Sand Whales,This game is definitely enjoyable! It's nice to see that there's different environments and the creatures are pretty unique. I think one irk of mine is that the boss I've fought so far are all from the first game. While it's honestly fine I hope there are quite a few different ones. I've spent so many black ball things on those gold chests and never got a good item but that's just bad luck. (you'll die a lot )I've spent so many black ball things on those gold chests and never got a good item but that's just bad luck.Another thing is that there are enemies that just instantly attack you when enter a new area which is obnoxious.Pros:retro graphicsvery much pickup and playmaking yourself fashionablecombat is sort of like the old ys games where you slap into them$5 is a very good/reasonable price.Cons:randomly stop attacking when you're on an enemygetting lost very easily
,Recommended,331440,13680122,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,penguins!,"Guise.A couple lucky drops after an hour of exploration.One well aimed fart and Yaldaboth is eradicated.I'm basically undead now, and my hp never goes below 99%.Makes me feel like a success in life.10/10, would fart again."
76561198050223755,Recommended,331440,13682597,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Fresh-Nintendo,"Super fun game the map doesnt change which is kind of disspointing but it helps finding the dungeons which do change and this keeps the game replayable and of course the many different items and play styles you can use from usign a staff and magic book all the way to using two daggers, overall this game is great and especially for the price"
,Recommended,331440,13710210,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,SooCrazy,I Love this game its soooo much fun ;DDont play if ur having anger issues :P
76561198129246323,Recommended,331440,14504122,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,APOLLO ツ| hyplex.co,Its even better with a controller
,Not Recommended,331440,14154057,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Scarfy,"I'm new to this type of genre of gaming, so please forgive me if I sound stupidI really want to like this game, but too many things hold me back. for instance:no tutorialno storyline/plotsome types of controllers do not function (e.g. wired ps3 controller)I mean seriously. I have seen games with all of those thingsthat don't cost a single penny for pete's sake."
,Not Recommended,331440,14109731,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Jimbo,"While this game has great art and so-so random generation, the controls are absolutely inexcusable. Those looking for a classic Zelda 1 style gameplay like this game advertises will be disappointed. Firstly, there is not actual attack button. Attacks happen automatically by moving into enemies, you have no choice of target, and sometimes they seem to just randomly not work. There is a ""quick attack"" option, but it uses up magic for some reason and it sometimes fails to hit. On top of that, your block button is the same as your attack button, which is also the same as your charge attack button., which ultimately ends up with the player accidentally using all of those functions without any real control over whih one happens. The Charge up abilities also appear to only function sporadically and none of them are very useful. Even the Axe's whirlwind ability, while useful in the beginning, is quickly outshadowed by normal auto-attacks in damage after only a few levels. I just can't get past the controls. They're awful. I can't even figure out how to fight effectively to make it past more than one boos, all of which appear to be the exact same but with different sprites. The art style got me interested in the game, but after playing I'm left very disappointed."
76561198157160741,Recommended,331440,14322792,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,mr.8bit6,the only gripe is the roguelike genre it puts it self in i just want to wake up say time to continue my quest and the moment i die i dont cry in a corner or freak out
,Not Recommended,331440,14700027,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Discount Sushi,"I loved this game, until my perfect combination of weapons was ruined after I accidentally picked up a horrible shield and left the area in the midst of chaos. I expected this game to be better than the flash game I played on Kongregate, when it's worse. Why pay to play a downgrade to a free flash game?Well... Maybe I'm not approaching this the right way. Feel free to try and convince me that this game has a certain way to go about it that will change my mind."
76561198180067439,Recommended,331440,14919976,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,L_is real 5014,"It's a fun game, I love the LOZ feel. But I have ni clue on what I'm supposed to do... It's still fun dont get me wrong... but I have no clue on what to do..."
,Recommended,331440,14933580,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Andre,just ♥♥♥♥ing awesome ._.
,Recommended,331440,14075135,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,LORD KILLFRISH,Amazing game it's really good It has multyple items good sound track and has a lot of Challenges
76561198083526405,Recommended,331440,14305723,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,ChurroEater543,Pretty solid for its price. Gameplay can get a teensy bit repetitive sometimes. Greatswords OP. 7/10
76561198046753935,Recommended,331440,14307324,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Pro Benji,"awesome game, but is there any online for this, in the options menu it just says online(disabled)anyone have a clue?"
,Recommended,331440,13400085,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Lady Eroll,"First impressions: A lot of fun. It took me a little bit to get the controls down, how not to die so easily, so on and so forth- but once I got the hang of it, I was ripping through the enemies. I expect a good bit of game time with this one.Downsides that I hope he fixes: No explanations of save features. I had to look it up on a forum."
76561197979274594,Recommended,331440,13406223,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,I WANT TO FUCKING DIE,2d darksouls OH YEA! 10/10
76561198056332978,Recommended,331440,13396323,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Eonzeon,"Extremely fun and addicting although that being said it can be unbelievably frustrating when you enter a room and become instantly trapped against the door getting knocked back and stunned so you die instantly....and theres nothing you can do. Apart from that there isnt a whole lot to worry about except that the final boss protecting the ladys spirit/tomb....is reeeeally hard with melee, and ranged is so finneky that just getting that far with a bow is more of a feat than killing that final boss. :/ regardless...5/5oh and if you exit a dungeon with your second life heart INSIDE of it somewhere....its kind of gone forever (maybe beating the game will fix this but....still)"
76561197993977002,Recommended,331440,13464642,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Pixel Crawler,If the SNES version of Legend of Zelda had a child with Dark Souls... and that child grew up to be a hipster and wanted to be an old school bit dungeon crawler.... this would be that game. Welcome to die...
,Recommended,331440,13420968,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Commander lil boat,"Great music, and beautiful graphics, although the gameplay may get a bit repetitive, fun new enemies are being fought in different zones. The challenge is upped every time you finish, and you just start again, which I think is great as you can level as high as you'd like, and play until you die. Some of the downsides are that it's incredibly short, and unless you get REALLY lost, you're maybe going to waste an hour or two on it. A few gameplay improvements could be made, perhaps adding a more complex attack system. I thoroughly enjoyed this, and I'll continue to play it further, and I do recommend it if you enjoy games such as Zelda and Diablo."
76561198006986577,Recommended,331440,19670040,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,DragonElderX9,"A Fantastic old school action adventure!  Imagine the first Zelda with gear and stats, but you start over when you die.  It's simple, but addicting!"
,Recommended,331440,19352958,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Sanic™ bets.gg,fun.
76561198104440381,Recommended,331440,19320251,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,TheRoninRiceGod,Really good game i love it
,Recommended,331440,20930164,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Trusty,"Bit Dungeon I, was great. Bit Dungeon II was the greater version of that but not quite perfect. Bit Dungeon III, please come soon.Also, this game is extremly challenging to the point I developed cancer,"
,Recommended,331440,21262124,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Shakulous,"Great game though one problem.....in the game the enemies have an RNG for their euipment and stats, every now and again you'll enter a room in a dungeon and IMMEDIATELY be stunned by 1 of 3 enemies at the door and be restunned by the others and you cant a damn thing. Seriously thats a thing that happens, you can enter a room and lose ALL the progress you got because you bad RNG. And this isnt rare its happened 12 times in the last hour of playing the game, it just happens. this kind if thing should be addressed because its game breaking."
76561198110016550,Recommended,331440,30717366,Posted: 24 March,all,~Crooked Cultist~,"Amazing game mechanics, a difficult, and very open with rpg element, a truly worth while game."
,Recommended,331440,30718927,Posted: 24 March,all,The Glow Pt 2 Pic Club,"Pretty good, but it would be so much better if it let you get your dinky wet with the ghost broad. Maybe after my 5th playthrough it'll let me"
76561197965425005,Recommended,331440,21413739,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,bcc91,It's like a dark Legend of Zelda!
,Recommended,331440,21799944,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,analyzation of anal canals,My finger felt dead after 1 hour of playing.
,Recommended,331440,21758257,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,toconnell,"bit Dungeon II is a tongue-in-cheek mash-up of the The Guardian Legend and Dark Souls, with a Rouge-like(-like-like-like) perma-death consequence system + Diablo-style  ""loot treadmill"" that propels you (at hilarious speed) through its semi-procedurally generated dungeons.If it wasn't clear from the game's title (or the way-over-the-top festival of jargon and videogame argot that was my first sentence), this game, like most Rogue-likes, is very self-aware (""self-conscious"" might be a better word, with its connotations of over-wrought affect) and the overall game design is extremely sparse/generic (in the literal sense of that word).All of which is to say that if you're looking for an immersive adventure experience where the mechanics exist as footnotes to the story (and not the other way around), this is probably not the game for you.Here are three things that I really liked about bit Dungeon II:- It takes about five minutes to figure out how to play. If you're familiar at all with min/maxing for DPS and high-drain, the learning curve will be practically non-existent.- You can do a complete run-through in about an hour, if you're about your business and the RNG gods smile upon you (i.e. you get the drops you need when you need them).- The simple scenario design and the settings are excellent: just really, really good art design and direction throughout. I enjoyed every environment in this game, which...I mean, that's saying a lot.Here are three things that I didn't like:- The sound design is garbage: from the idiotic, try-hard EBM chip-tunes to the arbitrary compression and processing on the blips and bloops (seriously: if you worked sound design on this game, you are definitely doing it wrong: play a Jun Fukuda game and try to learn something), I'd say the whole thing is pretty much a tear-down. There are no redeeming aspects to this game's sound design. I hope someone reads that and it hurts their feelings.- A little more variety in the main character's gear would have gone a long way: the hats are cool, but all other armor looks the same (all boots, for example, are just color-swaps with all other boots).- I played the game on my Xbone gamepad. Generally, the experience was flawless, except for the bits where I had to navigate menus, e.g. the start and pause menus. I kept doing stuff I didn't want to do because of bad layout or unclear button functions and that could probably use a little clean-up.tl;dr Definitely play this game: you will have an awesome time."
76561198195935959,Recommended,331440,21045792,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Bass2Mouth,"This game is extremely fun and addicting. Well worth the money and the time to review it. If you're looking for a new rogue type I would definitely suggest this game. If you're on the fence then search for the prequel online and play the flash game.  Once you're done with that, come back and pay 99 cents for this one!"
76561197990546115,Not Recommended,331440,14125842,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Raventhe,"Aw man, I pretty rarely buy indie games so I was a bit disappointed by this. I would've felt okay about it if it were just an Early Access game or something. It's not awful at all, just needs ""more."" More content, more polish, more design consideration.This game has a nice retro art style but the game feels a bit bare, and the formula got old very fast for me. Rogue-likes need to have a lot of interesting randomisations so that they're fun to play through again even after you just died the room before the final boss; I didn't see anything like that in this, so to get back where I was up to was just looking like work.It feels like this game was ported straight from a mobile app, and noting that it's available on Android & iOS, that's probably the case. The player is a slave of the One Button to Rule Them All: walk, attack, block, power attack/cast. All of this is ""click."" Yes, that does mean that you'll not irregularly walk face-first into enemies you're trying to attack from range.Very little variety in enemy AI. Aside from the theme change in the few different areas (forest, snow, desert, dungeon), there's very little graphical variation between rooms. They all feel the same, so it's not interesting to try to explore whole areas.The 2 bosses I fought were very easy and, I suspect, bugged. Giant Skeleton didn't move for most of the fight.Level up system is uninspiring; just a few automatic stat increases, no customisation other than what gear you wear, so I didn't find myself even thinking about how much exp I was getting or if I should grind.Noted that when I searched ""bit Dungeon,"" I found the free-to-play Flash version, which actually looked more polished and controlled better, and that annoyed me after spending $5 on this.So, in summary, here's what I think could use work:- Fix the control scheme so that it feels accurate and responsive- Work on the AI, especially of the bosses but also the behaviour of the little monsters so that they're uniquely challenging- Spice up the level up system- Add more graphics, interesting things, events into the world so that it's worth playing through again after dying. Otherwise, as someone else said, it doesn't work as a rogue-like and is better off having that element removed entirely!Otherwise, congrats on the Steam release, and I'll be interested to see how this game evolves. :) Sorry if the review is harsh, but when you say you draw inspiration from games like Diablo & Dark Souls, I expect to see some of those elements in the game other than just resting at fires, so it's a very bad point for comparison!"
,Recommended,331440,13656398,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Slitbreaker,"I bought this game expecting a game to just kill a few minutes or screw around on until I got bored, but I opened up the game and saw that almost 5 hours had passed. Its really addicting in that each time you die, you feel like you can do better the next run. Now I have sunk almost 8 hours into it and I'll be playing until I beat it or get so frustrated I smash my screen with my keyboard."
76561198113644963,Recommended,331440,13885685,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,PyroInferno110,"This game is awesome, and some parts of it are just like zelda! This game should have multiplayer with PVP and Campaign! Please continue this game!"
,Recommended,331440,15259558,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Yod,"As a person that has beaten this game 4 times with the same character, I love it. I honestly wish there was more content, but for the price,I absolutely cannot complain. I have had a great joy come out of this game as I am running around smashing the heads in of bosses and minions trying to save the ghost girl's soul. And I won't spoil anything, but the last boss is not the last boss*wink*, and if you get this game, kill the REAL last boss. The loot is godly."
,Recommended,331440,15164941,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,The Semp,"bit.Dungeon II is a unique little rogue-lite that draws from several beloved classics in gaming. It has the loot system of Diablo, the structure of Legend of Zelda, and a campfire system reminiscent of everyone's favorite Masochism simulator. Cool little features include a bonus life which can be retrieved if you return to the spot where you died, and a freeform leveling system which allows you to tailor your playstyle to the weapons you like to use.The game isn't perfect. The combat isn't deep enough where I feel like it's based on skill. This is a game where stats are king and I shied away from the potentially tankier builds because damage seemed to be the top priority. Combat with the Bow and Arrow feels clumsy as does projectile based magic. Melee combat is fine on the other hand, and I had the most fun playing wielding two daggers and backstabbing for tons of damage.The art style isn't going to win any awards for originality. If you're the type who's fed up with pixel art this game isn't for you. I do enjoy the way the overworld and dungeons evoke the legend of zelda but through the lens of Diablo's tone.There's really no storyline to the game and the objective isn't clearly laid out for you. It's easy enough to discover on your own but if you don't have the patience for a little bit of trial and error and flailing about in the dark it might be best to look up a guide before jumping into this one.I give the game a 7.5/10It's definitely fun and charming, but it's kept from being a true gem by repetitive melee and lackluster ranged combat."
76561198066881691,Recommended,331440,16492543,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Detective Gumshoe,"This is a pretty damn good game overall, If you were to take the dungeon and exploration of the old Zelda games an took the combat of something like Sega's Fatal Labyrinth this is what you would get.The game has Perma-Death with a twist, at the start of the game you talk to a ghost which gives you the only real plot and gives you an extra life. If you died during the game a Blue heart would drop on the spot you died, If you die again before you can pick up the Heart you get a game over and lose all your items aside for your coins.The game has some RPG elements like random drops to increase your stats like Damage, Parry, Cleave, Dodge, etc. The combat can be quite difficult to get used to but once you get the hang of it the game can become quite easy by end game.This game isnt without flaws though, sometimes I found the hit detection to be off a little bit and the game can require a bit of grinding at time. Also the game is really short and can be beaten pretty quickly if you know what to do, my second run through took me less then 30 minutes to beat.Overall this game is a good time waster and for $5 it really is a good deal considering you can find far worse game for more than double the price."
,Not Recommended,331440,16472803,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,боевики Dmitry PRO [RU],"Just play the flash game, no difference at all."
,Recommended,331440,22278067,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Quick_Ex-Con,"This game is truly amazing. Basicly the game is almost exactly like Legend of Zelda insept one slight thing. In the game you have a cirtain amount of lives, and when you run out...... its game over. Not only does all your stuff magicly dissapear but the whole entire map generates into a new, never before seen map. That means this game randomly generates maps each time you reset or die leading to millions of ways to play plus tons of different weponds, armour and other cool stuff. And for the price, you can't beat it! I give this a 10/10 for the low price, extremly fun and addicting (don't forget challenging) gameplay and all the possibilities with it. Great job!"
76561198079520253,Recommended,331440,22275807,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,NoFace,"Really fun game as a dungeon crawler. Gameplay needs to be updated tho, it needs more things to do also, the common problems I find are loot disappearing when you leave a room (when you have an item that boosts your run speed you sometimes run out of the room during combat and your dropped loot will be gone), as well as items being too easy to pick up accidently. This, combined with the first flaw, produce frustrating results, I lost a good weapon because I accidently picked up a different one without noticing and left the room, leaving me to my doom. Other than those small issues which im sure will be updated, this game is actually really fun and I highly recommend it for those who love dungeon crawler and 8-bit-ish graphic games like this."
,Recommended,331440,22275322,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Tacticooler,"If you imagine the original legend of zelda, a roguelike, and a hack and slash, you get this. It has a good variate of enemys and you have to learn what moves each has has when fighting. The minibosses are easy but I can see why they have made it this way (might have been my weapon). But on the other note, I have to say some of button lables are weird and the only way to know what to press is if you hit esc. when playing. Another complaint is that I don't know how to heal my self during battle. Over all I'd give it a 7.6/10, would miniboss again."
,Recommended,331440,22275460,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,MikeJinx,pretty cool game. got it because it was $0.99 witch is a great deal. had loads of fun.
,Recommended,331440,22113133,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Mikaroni,Meh.
,Recommended,331440,22022555,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Nami the Scat Burglar,"its fun when you play it but its not fun when you work on one guy for 3 hours, die, and have to restartoverall its a good game for when you're tryna kill a coupl hours"
76561198042972356,Recommended,331440,22167629,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Ironbeard,"great game !after playing this game for a little while i have fallen in live with the simplistic game style and old school graphics to all extent other than the length of the game it is 10/10 exactly what i was looking for. in saying that i belive its a great game for when on steam sale and would price this game at £1.20 not £2.79 although it is a very good game. overall highly impressed for what i payed, the game play and the music is fantastic. would recomend to all for those whole like this style of game"
,Recommended,331440,22169345,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Yared,"This game is amazing. The pixel graphics are perfect. It has a classic zelda atmosphere, with an RPG element. One of my favorite things about this game is the monster drop and treasure finds. The combat is simple but fun. I highly recomend this game."
,Recommended,331440,22149445,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,deadmeat,neat
,Recommended,331440,21940615,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Snail Slime,"Fun little time waster.Basically, you run around as this little spirit guy killing things and finding gear to kill more things.There doesn't really seem to be much of a story, but there's a bunch of weapon types that each have their own ways of attacking.For example, a staff can be used to whack things and shoot magic, an axe slashes the everliving crap out of things, so on.Nice soundtrack, too."
,Recommended,331440,22282755,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,garukno,where the hell is the exit button?overall pretty good game
76561198035255855,Recommended,331440,22507273,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Minimal.,This game is fun!
,Recommended,331440,22529984,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Rukey Greentail,"This game is hard to describe for me. I bought it at such a low price..but its worth so much more! It's addictive, challenging, and so far the randomly generated maps have never gotten old. Loot is exciting to find and massively rewarding, caution plays a big part in the darker dungeons of the game, and enemy designs are unique and fun. Not to mention the music gets you pretty pumped! I reccomend this game to anyone who likes rouge-like RPG games with a 9/10"
76561198069594990,Recommended,331440,22505354,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,YouJustGotBean'd!,"This game was an adventure for $0.99. Not bad.bit Dungeon II was worth the playthrough.The game had a simple combat system, that let you focus on exploring the bitland world and finding cool loot along the way. The different classes have simple abilities that you change based on your weapon. The rpg based stats determine how much damage you do with each weapon, and how much of a special attribute such as crit you obtain. I enjoyed the layout of the map, and the set up of the bosses. Dungeons made me think a little bit with their mazelike nature. Zzzzzzzz.The bosses.Zzzzzz. The bosses really weren't very interesting. The creeps along the way to the bosses are, with some of them appearing out of nowhere or shooting magic missles. Most bosses are defeated just by dodging during the missle cycle, then mashing spacebar while they aren't attacking. My Dex playthrough proved to be WAAY too easy once I obtained the bow and arrow. The first runthrough can be completed in about an 2 hours if run perfectly. There are lots of little secrets to how the game works, that should be found out on your own, but the puzzles are infuriating, so I'd like to offer a tip IF YOU WANT IT.The mazes can be solved by finding a wisened man or elf who tells you the way, but funfact, just go where there isn't a pillar. That usually solves the puzzle.Overall the game was pretty decent. This game has replayability if you get really into it, but I was content with being done after the first playthough. Pick this game up on sale. IF not, be understanding with the short runtime. This adventure has very little story, but definitley has feeling. I enjoyed my playthrough, but will likely never play the game again.~Zee"
76561198018301604,Recommended,331440,22604468,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,IM | ☣ ZombieShock | {RIP},"Control scheme could be improved upon, but all and all it is an enjoyable experience and well worth the price in my opinion."
,Recommended,331440,22564335,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,rulakhy,Simple and fun to play!
76561198208126565,Recommended,331440,22575176,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Satan,Awesome
76561198119650789,Recommended,331440,22389080,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Fun Police,Tanked and Spanked every boss
76561198011676953,Recommended,331440,22352043,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,papacat_bartlett,Love it.  Simple play with a wonderfully dark look.  Goth Zelda?  Lots of fun.
76561198076204868,Recommended,331440,22352880,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Kittfist,yeah
,Recommended,331440,23601404,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Nekurakodoku,this game is a good throwback but still very cool on its own. a mix of diablo/zelda
76561198053842853,Recommended,331440,22369140,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,wayvee,I love this game. Very well designed simple yet hard to put down. Currently level 160 on my 4th or 5th run through of the map. Bought this game on sale for a dollar and I'm very glad I did. I would pay full price for it if I had to buy it again.
,Recommended,331440,22369626,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Donkey King,Got bugged on the treasure room in the dungeon at endless warGet the treasure chest over and over till got 3 green items10/10
,Recommended,331440,22400868,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Sahaarah,To short ;(
76561197998212097,Recommended,331440,22789722,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,kluna82,"bit Dungeon II is a Link to the Past meets the Souls series(as in Demon's Souls and Dark Souls, not as in Soul Blazer) with the original Grandia leveling system.If those are games that you love then definitely check out bit Dungeon II.There is definitely some buginess to the game(bosses and invaders tend to lag when starting their dialog. Sometimes the controls will lock up when the randomized loot is generating), but overall the bugs do not ruin the experience.Gear is also nearly 100% random, with the only exceptions being certain basic gear vendors, so planning to level up your character a certain way from the beginning may ultimately cause more harm than good depending on the RNG.For your first few attempts, try to be fluid in your character build, trying out all of the different weapon types and deciding on your preferred playstyle, then attempt a true build once you understand how the character building works.::FROM THIS POINT ON I WILL BE WRITING A SHORT PRIMER ON CHARCTER BUILDING. FEEL FREE TO STOP READING IF YOU PREFER TO FIGURE THESE THINGS OUT ON YOUR OWN::The character building is surprisingly deep, despite the simplicity of this game.Like in the original Grandia, each weapon type is linked to two or more stats(daggers are dexterity weapons, great axes are strength weapons, staves are intelligence weapons, etc), so if you level up while using a weapon with a particular stat focus, then your character will gain additional points to that stat(all weapon types increase constitution as well).The Souls games influence much of bit Dungeon 2, but in terms of character building, the Souls series influence is apparent in the weapon damage scaling.Weapon damage is improved based on the stats that are attributed to it(these appear on the bottom of each weapon's stat description, annotated with an asterisk*), so a weak dexterity weapon like a dagger will generally be far more effective on a character with high dexterity than a much stronger weapon that does not use dexterity to scale its damage.Of course, you can find an off build weapon that is powerful enough to outclass build centric weapons, but these should be avoided during early leveling if you have already increased a particular stat upwards of 50 points, since focussing on a new stat after that much investment may impede your character's growth, and keep them from getting strong enough to stay competitive as enemies get stronger.Final note: Every enemy in the game scales with your character's level, and you can level your character well beyond level 100."
,Recommended,331440,30776757,Posted: 27 March,all,BroJack Whoresman,"So I definitely enjoy this game. The graphics are great and true to a 16bit style. The game is challenging and has ""infinite"" replayability. My only complaint is the lack of driect information about your stats and what everything does, and lack of discriptions on things like ""Buff"" etc. Definitely worth the price though."
,Recommended,331440,24383601,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,UnwarierSupidAss,"I really like this game, I have never been heavily interested into story and if you are like me this game is for you. The story is minimalistic but gives the game a purpose nonetheless. The gameplay is simple but fun. The difficulty is low but I dont mind. There are a lot of weapons and armor you can get along with magic items like rings, runes, and amulets. The graphics are nice and I havent found any bugs yet. 9/10"
,Recommended,331440,24243550,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,LucioMain(gunsmoke),"Fun 50 cent rogue-like, if you like those types of games like me than it is worth 50 cents on sale just wait till then, because I beat the game and got all the achievments in 2.4 hours so I don't think it is worth the full price."
,Recommended,331440,24189372,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Gravelore,pls bless us with another
76561197995387201,Recommended,331440,20190231,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Nekoinn,Good retro game to play when you have plenty of time left. the game is easy to play just press the direction and space for use strong attack .not have story but gameplay is fun enough although gameplay is repetitive. if you die you have one chance to get a soul that you drop where you die and if you die again before get that now your item just gone and your level become 1 again. sorry for my bad english :D
,Recommended,331440,26025453,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Samsara,I'ts fun gamegreat for 100%achievemnt runHas Zelda feeling in it but diablo gameplayDespite the permadeath its not a hard game
,Recommended,331440,26022171,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Amidos,"Its one amazing game, I love it."
76561198263616325,Not Recommended,331440,26017646,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,dreadburnz,"The game was fun at first until I realized it doesn't give much control to the player. The only thing the player can control is movement and blocking (and sometimes with a little luck activate skills when you want to instead of randomly like most of the time). I don't understand why it doesn't just let me be the one to control my character's attacks, because most of the time it felt like my character was just staring the enemy down instead of trying to kill them. Dying doesn't feel like a mistake on my part, instead it's like the game decided to screw me over. I think the worst thing is the monster spawns, sometimes you'd enter a room only to find an enemy immediately in front of the character's auto-attack range (I died more than three times because that didn't even give me a chance to react). It could be a great game if it just let players fully control their characters and if you didn't get killed by enemies you've yet to see when you enter a new area. The way this game is right now is just not worth spending money on."
,Recommended,331440,26094648,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,GamerTek,"I got this when it was on sale for only $.99, I wasn't expceting much from it, due to a lot of negative reveiws, but it is really fun. It sucks when you die, but it is really fun in general."
,Recommended,331440,24622112,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,clickbait,Hacky-slash!
,Recommended,331440,24588391,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Ludipup,"bit Dungeon II is a simple game with a simple concept. Complete the dungeons in order to gain access to the final area, and beat the final boss. This game isn't bad nor is it good. It falls inbetween the line of good and bad.Pros:Sprites similiar to ones from Legend of Zelda: A link to the past.A pretty decent soundtrack. Listen to it yourself:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xuwaGo8RsuYCons:Lack of an actual combat system. The gameplay feels repetitive regardless of the weapon you choose. The so called ""combat system"" involves you running into enemies while mashing the space bar.Boss battles consist of you running into the boss and attacking it. I feel like the developer rushed the creation of the bosses and put no actual thought into them. They don't leave much an impression on me as the player. I forgot about the fight as soon as I left the dungeonYou CANNOT die if you have the ghost girl with you. For those who haven't reached the fight or haven't played the game, you encounter a ghost girl that jumps into you and gives you an extra life. Decent, right? Well, in order to trigger the final boss, you need to have this girl with you. If you die while you have this girl with you, you lose her, meaning you can't trigger the final fight and you have tostart the game all over again.The final boss fight looks easy from the looks of it (credit to the creator of the video).https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=66g0y7IXx5A&ab_channel=QihanZhuWhat should be added:An actual combat system that doesn't involve button mashing.More RPG elements into the game. Things such as skills, passives, merchants, ect., ect.Randomly generated terrain and dungeonsMore work into boss fightsConclusion:The game isn't bad nor is it good. I see a lot of potential that can go into it. Pick up this game if it's ever on sale and see if you enjoy it or not."
76561197972711783,Not Recommended,331440,24491326,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Tokes,Was expecting something more randomized.
76561198071385172,Recommended,331440,24639696,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Shadeus,"The game is a reminder of the supernintendo era; anyone that has any nostalgia of the good old system, I would defenitly recommend this game.Reminds me of the link to the past a little bit!"
,Recommended,331440,25059795,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,[#]aXe,"You like Zelda 3 from the SNES? Then you love this game. It has similar dungeon layouts and tactics to open doors. All you gotta do in this game is keep running into enemies to automatically hit them. You level up really quick and you find a ton of drops. You can also choose between ranged, magic and melee weapons during the game. You're not bound to one from the start. So keep improving your gear and keep finding those dungeons. But be aware, don't die 2 times.. Then it's game over!"
,Recommended,331440,24859691,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Jack Paice,"Super fun game with really cool Zelda references. Shame that A) it's weird to figure out at first and B) the bosses are ridiculously easy, once you figure out how to cheese them... Def. pick this up if you're looking for a cute game that's on sale that doesn't actually suck."
,Recommended,331440,24960306,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Yaxshi,I highly recommend this game. It's simple and fantastic but unfortunetly it has some cons.----Cons------Lack of story-So repetitive-One button does everything
,Not Recommended,331440,24984492,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Hismooth,"It's pretty cool for the first 2 or so hours, there isn't a strong sense of direction and the controls are very open ended and you need to play the game to figure them out. OVerall it's fun for an hour or two and then it's just a race to finish the game as you scower the world for the last dungeon. The boss fights are extremely lackluster and only consisted of me running at the boss and attacking it until it dies. Overall I give it a 6/10."
,Recommended,331440,24975357,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,ToeRubs,"Soundtrack pls, k"
76561198075483204,Recommended,331440,25001572,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Big Tasty,Very worth the 3$. Could use a proper game guide tho
,Recommended,331440,24947124,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,gvpv,Really good and fun game.
,Recommended,331440,26377118,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Kendrick Lamar,Simple little and fun game that will have you entertained for hours.The game is resumed in this : you kill mobs get items get op and wreck bosses.I recommend to get when it is on special
,Not Recommended,331440,16753761,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,xxombi,"Like many, I really wanted to like this game. I really did. But sadly, this game feels more like an early access game. Despite it only being $5 I think that still may be a bit too much considering how unfinished this game seems. Not to mention that it is also buggy.-The combat system feels rather slow, clunky and can get confusing sometimes depending on the weapon.-The different maps are rather small. Sometimes there will be too many enemies spawning at the same area not leaving   much room to be able to see or move.-There are also times where I may accidentally end up walking into the next area while in combat because the area is so cluttered with the environment or even enemies.-Like I said before the maps feel cluttered.-I've found several weapons that are useless with no stats.-Boss fights are too easy and feel somewhat meaningless and the enemies tend to get redundant.-Sometimes I'll be unable to move or attack an enemy. I'm pretty sure that's a bug.-There isn't an options menu.-There really isn't much of a story to be explained.-The game just plain feels like it's not even complete.That's just a fraction of what's wrong with the game. Although, I will say that I do like the soundtrack. Sadly you can barely hear it while in-game and there are no settings to adjust the volume. In fact, there isn't an options menu. You just play the game. If you need to find out what the controls are just press escape(or start on a gamepad) and you'll be presented with a black screen that tells you what keys(or buttons) does what. I did like the concept of the game, though. The execution could've been done much better.With this all being said. I will say a few good things.-The soundtrack is quite nice.-I do like the Zelda-esque design.-The pixel graphics are nicely done.-Concept of the game was interesting to say at least.I don't hate the game as it is entertaining to some extent. But I don't really much care for it either."
,Recommended,331440,27901637,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Zaelle,"Played this for an hour last night after buying it, did pretty well with a bow build then got reamed. Started again and did a strength build with an axe and wrecked all manner of face. 10/10 Worth a buck."
,Not Recommended,331440,21686806,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Decapicat,"This game is probably not worth the money (but if you catch it on sale, you may make some money by selling the traiding cards). Go play the original verson. Please.(Oh, and the best way to beat EVERY boss is to tank it with a G.Sword, Blade or G.Axe.)(Please don't follow the ""tip"" above. The combat is just downright horrible.)PLEASE. DO. NOT. BUY. THIS. GAME!"
76561198028058251,Recommended,331440,28418903,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Zoner23,"A decently designed game with a neat concept. Take the the ascetic of Zelda: Link to the Past, and give it RPG elements. A couple bugs, no multiplayer support, and a fairly short playthrough keep it from being more. Hope to see something similar down the line, on a bigger scale."
,Recommended,331440,16512802,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Dead Ops,Got to the very end of the game and then died.12/10 would throw laptop at the wall again!
,Recommended,331440,16517774,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,wCu | TAKu,I like it.  Controls are a bit wonky but it works well.  Zelda clonish but fun.
,Recommended,331440,16473251,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Zuccins.exe,"I cant help but feel the people downvoting this game aren't judging it on the fact that its a 70MB $4 game.For what it is, this game is amazing, it has heaps of loot and enough variety to keep you interested long enough to get your four bucks worth of enjoyment out of it. Think zelda 1, but with an inventory and enchanted item drops. Yes there is almost no storyline, but I'd pay another four bucks for it again for sure.Go pay $100 for evolve if you've only got bad things to say about this game and see what your $100 gets you over there."
,Recommended,331440,16474056,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Original Username,*swinging sword everywhere* I GOT NO CLUE WHAT I AM DOING!!! 11/10
,Recommended,331440,16426118,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Kiro,"I find it cute when others say that they haven't updated this but ONCE after release...at least it's more playable and fun and challenging than a lot of other 8-bit rpg like games.  Sorry but they're even trying to implement co-op :I hopefully they do a save file instead of you dying twice and having to start over...makes it more difficult yea but some people really suck at games lol, plus my luck sucks, using a lvl 8 weapon in the 3rd redo of the whole map. :I Thankfully it was a deadly axe >:3"
,Recommended,331440,29171217,Posted: 10 January,all,jensenj2,"It's possible to play this game whilst paying next to no attention whatsoever - that's the major appeal.Don't expect anything groundbreaking, just come back to it every now and again when you wish to zone out. £2.79, no complaints from me!"
,Not Recommended,331440,28581364,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Theallis,"So very mindless.. Your character automatically attacks, all you do is choose to block..."
76561198087744771,Recommended,331440,28482836,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Pencilvester/ csgoroll.com,Best one dollar ever spent.
,Recommended,331440,28614538,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Alphonso Malone,"Respect, this game is funky rogue like game that I've been searching for. So many hack n slashes that you play for around 5mins each playthrough and then that save and all those items are lost forever. This one you grow with the game and playing your cards right you get to keep everything and have lotsa fun! Definitely worth its price, merry christmas xx"
,Recommended,331440,28765920,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,01011001,"Imagine the original Legend of Zelda had a loot system that keeps giving you stronger and stronger gear. The gameplay isn't difficult or in anyway challenging, just walk towards an enemy and hit space, but with the different tiered loot drops I cannot help but play this game for hours and hours. I love this game."
,Recommended,331440,29151707,Posted: 9 January,all,ThriceWarrior,"Although not a very long game, I really enjoyed this one. It's the right amount of nostalgia and fun for for anyone looking for that in a inexpensive game."
,Recommended,331440,30003470,Posted: 18 February,all,Lizzy~,The game was goood ..... the game was difficult.... the game was also a little anoying as hell .... i got 14\15 achievments and played for 2 hours and got up to last boss and left him with 10% HP then died ..... Yeh ... the game was great :3
,Recommended,331440,30038204,Posted: 19 February,all,Pau.lr38,"Great bit of retro fun at a low price. Randomly generated levels have their pitfalls, but it's a great little way to spend some time."
76561197983111454,Recommended,331440,30083616,Posted: 21 February,all,Squary,Didn't take me long to finish it but it was quite enjoyable. Shame that the attack button (space) is the same key as pick up. It happened to me a few times that mid fight that I kept switching between weapons instead of dealing actual damage.
,Recommended,331440,30067305,Posted: 20 February,all,YENNK24,10/10 would die to stun lock again
,Recommended,331440,29975755,Posted: 16 February,all,Valhallan,"I have really loved playing this game, it is a fun hack'n slash. As well as it being suprisingly cheap, it has a ton of equipment and weapons to explore! If you havent already bought it, it would be a good addition to your library"
,Recommended,331440,28693949,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Aganhim,"Nice and really catchy little game. Left me confuse the first few minutes trying to get the controls, then got quite fun switching weapons to a better one, just to get slaughtered by the last boss because of an accidental weapon switch...Worth a try for a low price (2 or 3€)"
76561198153844836,Recommended,331440,29937313,Posted: 15 February,all,Rigron Of Ragnarok,best time i have had playing a time eater.-music it very catchy and combat was above avarage.-this game has plenty of diferent weapon types that you can focues on so you can replay the game quiet a bit.- Hence...Lots or replay value. 8/10
,Recommended,331440,30962437,Posted: 5 April,all,WMasGuy,"bit Dungeon IIDespite the retro style, Game certain shape is repeated.But not that good at playing."
76561198150516711,Recommended,331440,16456646,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,XxDeViLjOexX,"A combination of diablo and the first zelda , very fun and interesting style of fighting , its also a rogue-like but you have 2 life and if you lose 1 you can also get it back at the place you have dying , for all fans of diablo or zelda , get this game !"
,Recommended,331440,29410305,Posted: 21 January,all,†⌐£íƒë¦ìñk¬† ®,"Good, but too simple of gameply to keep my attention for long."
,Recommended,331440,29918245,Posted: 14 February,all,unpositive is queen,"This is a great spin off/ sequel to the bit duegon game, I love it.... iv always loved the pixel graphics. I remember trying to get to my highest score.. get it"
76561198275309464,Recommended,331440,30267069,Posted: 1 March,all,Swiper,"can play withone hand, love it!"
,Recommended,331440,31139509,Posted: 14 April,all,SakariRyu,"Love this game. Tons of fun, challenging but manageable without being too grindy, I love the roguelike elements, my only problem is my furthest play into the game, as I was moving from one area to another, the game started me over as if I had died; my items were gone, and my stats were completely zeroed out. The only thing that was missing was the part where I died :("
,Recommended,331440,29974360,Posted: 16 February,all,|)inoe,"I personally love this game. Although game play is limited, and bosses are easy, I'd highly reccomend picking up this game. I have played the first Bit Dungeon, giving me previous experience, and maybe a bit of a bias. However, this game kept me intriuged for the whole duration of it.Some cons of the game where:- basses are to easy to kill and deal little damage- spam clicking melts almost anythin- single player- repetative- short- not worth $4, more like $1 or $2Some pros:- entertaining to pass time- simple and straight forward- interresting tactics- difficult 'minions'- final-final boss gives you a challenge- no internet needed- even when you're ahead, enemies can deal a lot of damage- bows allow higher skill cap"
,Recommended,331440,31136911,Posted: 14 April,all,Ghünter | gamekit.com,I think this Game is awesome ! Maybe a Multiplayer and a bit longer Story and it would be even greater i guess ^^
76561197967876062,Recommended,331440,30366457,Posted: 6 March,all,TopperHarley,"bit Dungeon 2 was an entertaining little game.  Not very hard.  A Zelda-esk style game (with a couple familiar type sounds and moments to remind you of Zelda) that I was able to beat it in 2 or 3 hours, completing all the achievements with no real problem.  The hardest one to get was losing my last life and perma-dying.  In game music was nothing to right home about, but it not annoying either.  It provided enough ambience so that the game wasn't a silent bore.The only time the game got a little dificult was in the late game when I had my character leveled up based on a 1-handed str/dex weapon and a shield.  I wasn't paying attention when I accidentally picked up a 2 handed weapon and left the screen losing my sword and shield.  I was forced pick up a mediocore 1 hander and run into a shop to buy a newby shield until I got improved replacement drops, which I did by the time I reached the finall dungeon in the Dark World.I got my money's worth via a Steam a sale."
76561198039687915,Not Recommended,331440,30363773,Posted: 6 March,all,[TEAM P1] 7²,"A tasteless roguelike with poor level design, and no rewarding gameplay whatsoever. In its essence, I'd compare it to a Legend of Zelda game, but boring and grindy. The game isn't so bad in its core (considering its price), but why would you waste your money on something dull when you can have good gameplay and even storyline for just a lil' bit more ?I almost finished the game in one sitting without dying, until the final boss caught me off guard with a death lazor that one shot me. I wouldn't even call that poor balancing, it's just lazyness and panic from the dev(s) trying to stretch the game for a few more hours.Disappointing."
,Recommended,331440,30320714,Posted: 4 March,all,Zitse,"I recently played and reviewed bit Dungeon II as a part of my new blog Backlog Blitz (Full review:http://blog.backlogblitz.com/2017/03/bit-dungeon-ii.html).Generally I would say the game is fun and relaxing to play and for a couple of bucks it's a good value as well. If you're into oldschool games like NES Zelda then this game will probably be up your alley, as it is very reminiscent of that game but with a more modern combat and player attribute system attached to it. Good for a few hours of fun, but the replay value is minimal. Check the blog for full details!"
76561198032475274,Recommended,331440,31074094,Posted: 11 April,all,O'Drunky,I really enjoy this game.  find some good gear. Consider your playstyle. Different stats will make you more effective with different playstyles and weapons. There are visual que's that should help you find where to go or what to do next. It's really pretty simple but enjoyable all the same. A very well made rouge game. Takes me back to all those games I played on The NES and SNES.
,Recommended,331440,31248905,Posted: 19 April,all,iuriota,"The game concept is good but it's too easy, I could finish all the achievements in less than 2 hours, now I'm leaving the game open to get the last card... I can recommend it if it's cheap, but you'll not get much hours of gameplya from this game."
,Recommended,331440,31370420,Posted: 25 April,all,Prizm,"Bit Dungeon 2 is a dungeon crawler game. The game has beautiful pixel graphics, engaging gameplay and a wide variety of gear.It’s challenging! First of all, there are no instructions how to play this game. You only have a keyboard/control keys window when you press‘ESC’. Sooner or later you begin to ask yourself,“What stats should I max out?”, “What gear should I equip?”, “What kinds of gear even exist?”It takes a while to figure this things out. Also there’s no checkpoints, when your hero dies without having a second life it’s over for you and you have to start the game again. If your first achievement was not‘Welcome to Die’than you are my hero.It’s short! The game is itself is kind of short. One play through is about 1-3 hours. However, because it is challenging it’s going to take a while before you finish the game.It’s addictive! More you die, more you want to play this game again. The game has simple gameplay which makes it neither boring to play nor press‘X’to win experience. Also there are A LOT of gears. I think I’ve not tried out everything myself. I’m going to replay and finish this game again!Frankly, the game can’t be perfect after all. The plot is weak and there’s no great story behind the scenes. It can be a plus for you if you are looking just for a‘grinding’experience only; however, it would be awesome if this game had a great plot.To sum everything up,if you are a dungeon crawler lover,it’scertainlyworthbuying and trying out for its current price ofCDN$ 4.49."
,Recommended,331440,34262575,Posted: 15 August,all,Kodiak-Rush,An enjoyable game somewhere between Zelda and Dark Souls. Fight your way through a pretty big open world dungeon crawler and free the soul of your loved one. Perma-death pads out the 3-4 hour gameplay.
,Recommended,331440,34718025,Posted: 3 September,all,Bunnyface,"Pretty simple game, but not easy. A rather addictive and rewarding clicker/RPG."
,Recommended,331440,34743343,Posted: 4 September,all,✪ korasi,Honestly a Great Game for the Price! Great for when you're in a Que for a diffrent game.
76561198112909948,Recommended,331440,15420294,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Neeko the price gouger,"this game is awsome because the game is very complicated and it makes me whant to get all the armors, weapons, shilds, etc."
76561198073649827,Recommended,331440,35407418,Posted: 2 October,all,presleyja,"SImple in design and quick to pick up, play, and complete.Worth checking it out."
