user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,331500,18199050,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,ᗩᒪᑌᑕᗩᑕᑌᒪᗩ,"I'm playing the game with a friend.We build our bases.He begins researching armor for his robots.I research radar.He boasts about how he will destroy me with his newly researched quantum lasers.I quietly upgrade my radar station's scanners.He laughs in my face as his laser-armed tanks begin amassing themselves into a mighty army.I only have a handful of weak robots armed with assault rifles.He asks me if I have any last words before he starts his march on my headquarters.As the final step in my research tree completes, i say: ""Nothing really, except IMMA FIRIN MAH LAZER, BEEEATCH""A tremendous beam of searing energy erupts from the sky, vaporising his entire army within seconds.I send in my weak robots, who infiltrate his base and kill him.10/10 would research radar again."
,Recommended,331500,17430011,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Gilgamesh,"After I watched Jerma and Star, I was amazed by the concept. A Command and Conquer type of game (boy, the developer must be getting sick of hearing this comparison)  mixed with a FPS element.Now, I don't really review games much; however, I hate seeing shortassed reviews so get ready for a pretty long butdetailedreview. I will also try to keep it entertaining.This review will talk about everything, so I will add a very short TL:DR and criticism at the bottom.I will try format this review very well, so you can read the entire thing or skip to the interesting bits. (Steam formatting sucks.)Let's begin.The gameIn Executive Assault, you play a rich corporate snob, whom wants to get rid of the competing capitalistic swine on the other side of the map.Now usually in a our world's economy, one would try to do this by running his golf buddy out of business. In this game however, the businessmen strategy that will be in practice is filling your competitor with a variety of destructive matter.Which may include: Lasers, Quantum Particles, Rockets, Shells, Bullets.The game is won when the enemy executive takes damage. The only way to reach the enemy executive is to power your self through the buildings go up the elevator of the HQ and do what I said above.Usually in games you ( or subjectively I ) will not give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the people involved and probably skip the credits. In this game on the other hand it is worth to note the developer(s).This game was directed byRobert Hesketh, the programming was done byRobert Hesketh, the graphic design were made byRobert Hesketh, and the sound effects were also made by♥♥♥♥ing stop already.How it worksEconomy:You start the game with your company's headquarters which you can build around.Like most RTS games you will probably start with setting up a main power grid which you do by building a power plant.Once you have that ticked off of your check list, you will want to start your economy.There are three types of resources in the game.Iron, which you get by building iron extractors on iron fields. You will need this to build basically anything.Trions, which generate after researching the Trion Generator. You will need this to build unique Trion weapons.andHeskosium, which you can pick up from crashed in meteorites. You will need this to build advanced units.One thing to note is, that your iron extractors need to be connected to the power plant. You can do this by building a chain of pylons.If you reached your power generation capacity you can collect Thorium crystals that are spread over the map with drones which increase generation.To boost research you collect Calcit Crystals.Buildings and Units:This game was pretty much just released for early access. So it does not have a huge amount of units, but neither does it have a small amount. All your units can be equipped different kind of weapons which can be researched in the research tab.UnitsThere is basic infantry which till now only consists of one type of drones with different armor.(Also you can build a single invisible hacker drone which can overload the enemy power plant, blowing it up and it can disable enemy defenses)There are vehicles.Light Jeeps.Two different tanks medium and heavy.And light, medium and gigantic walkers.(The gigantic walker can make your units ♥♥♥♥ing fly OUT of the map if you get kicked by it in first person. It's hysterical)There is also aircraft.One Fighter, one transport pickup, and two bombers.BuildingsI will not talk about every building as that would be too time consuming for you and me.All major buildings must be connected to the HQ, and are made almost instantly. (For now, they also seem to be virtually  indestructible) the  The only exception being the pylon and iron extractor which are made by drones. There is also a limited building area for major buildings that can not be extended.There are also defense buildings which can be build in the limit area but they do not have to be connected to the main buildings.There are production buildings for each respective type of unit, there are buildings that allow you to have security (will talk about that later), research, radar, artillery/missiles, and other useful things.ResearchToo keep it short, you can research a lot of things in this game. There are many research tree that upgrade your units, unlock more of 'em, allow you to build more advanced buildings, give you more power. Etc.You can speed up research by collecting calcite crystals (it's basically ♥♥♥♥ing chalk).DefensesThere are plenty types of defenses, most importantly different types of gates, which you can build inside of buildings to prolong the time the enemy takes to get to your executive. Inside you can also build an alarm, which is pretty handy to know if someone is sneaking around in your main base. There are turrets you can build outside and inside. Which can also be pretty handy, and walls outside which I have not build because of the building area being to small for it to be worth it.Humor:This developer has humor, not too much, but still has funny little tweaks to make at least you chuckle. Like the Gigatron's pilot having a cocktail.I don't want to ruin it for you, but for example when you ride the elevator up to brutally slaughter the enemy executive, some classy elevator music is playing. Also the summer sale trailer is genius.CriticismThere are some things the game can improve on, this is entirely subjective though, so don't take my suggestions as absolute ( I have also might have missed a few things). Of course it will be fair criticism as once again, this is made by one guy so I will only talk about game play.Main enemy buildings can not be destroyed, at least from my experience. This is simply stupid. Now of course I do not mean that the buildings should be destroyable from the outside, neither do I think the HQ should be destroyable, but there should be a spot which you should be able to destroy the building from. Right now there is no point for why you should defend buildings from the inside. Of course this would mess with the gate mechanic but there must be a way around this like being able to protect the ""spot"" by building dors around it (example would be the Security Control building which has that) Of course the buildings should have a decent amount of Hit points even from the inside.Selecting buildings should be easier. (Maybe add a bigger rectangle instead of a small circle to select it)All the resources but iron are visually too small.Buildings should not build instantly.The building area is too small for defensive buildings to be worth anything.Hackerbots, should be able to do more, like disable any buildings by getting to their main control HUB.TL:DR:For a game made by one guy and it just being released as an early access title it has a lot of content, of course it needs a lot of polishing done and some bugs to be fixed. But as long as there will be new content and improvements coming in, for 13$ it is definitely worth picking up. It also has a FANTASTIC soundtrack.Feel free to call me an autistic idiot for my dyslexic spelling in the comments. Corrections are appreciated. I am German, so my comma usage might be a little funky.Good luck to Robert on improving the game!Cheers!"
,Recommended,331500,17353956,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,AsaOfHearts,"1st game - froze on me after 5 min... restart2nd game - I started to get a feel of how the game unit and research worked all while crying as my base came under orbital bombardment and I had yet to build any units3rd game - lowered the difficulty and cut the enemy off from gaining resources all while I dominated their puny attacks with my massive foot soldiers and tanks, after an hour in the game I finally make a gigantatron and slowly begin to march it towards my enemys base with epic music playing! I can taste my first victory and I am feeling great about destroying my enemy CEO....then... the unthinkable.... while playing against the worst level of AI... my CEO was assasinated in his own office by a rouge assasin robot.... my victory taken from me....10/10 would forgot to put doors on my base againThis is seriously an amazing game done by 1 guy, I highly recommend it especially for its price."
,Not Recommended,331500,32116519,Posted: 1 June,all,CEO of Domino's Pizza,"BEFORE YOU JUST SCROLL PAST THISThe reason this isn't being updated is because he is working on the 2nd game.The 2nd games website is here:http://executiveassault.com/ea2/This game is a great concept, and the maker is planning to make the game really ♥♥♥♥ing good!"
,Recommended,331500,23321147,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,iToaster,"If you are looking at this as a veteran of other FPS/RTS games, you're probably wondering why this $13 indie game should be worth your time and money compared to the bigger budget ones. You probably think it's quite a bit like them at a first glance. That's where you're wrong.First and foremost, this game is an RTS. A proper RTS. This doesn't rely on multiplayer matches with other people to be your groundfolk or play the opposing team or anything like that, everything works as it should in a proper RTS. You can go completely offline in single player against up to 3 AIs in configurable teams and difficulties, or online with other players and AI if so wished. You build your base, you build your units from a huge (emphasis: HUGE) list of weapons and upgrades, and you control them all as you would in any other RTS. It's done well, it's fun, and it has all the things a GOOD RTS needs - massive titanic sized walkers driven by captain martini-in-hand, huge destructive lasers, and a big list of buildings to choose from.This game adds strategy to a location that most RTS games dont - building your base. Usually, a base's construction is simply a matter of what you've unlocked so far or what you want next, and the way to win is to have a bunch of a single building all producing something. That or they're just tech tiers. The strategy here lies in the small grid given to construct your base - all structures are confined to it and connected via corridors at one of many preset points for each building. The result of the small space and huge number of buildings means you have to be efficient when designing your base and can't simply lay things wherever you please. You can't fit everything into a single base, and some sacrifice will have to be made to specialize in something for the game. For example, if you wanted to completely surround your base with walls, that's going to take a toll on how much space you have remaining for other buildings. If you want an artillery station, that's going to take up a huge amount of room you could use for other things. The whole base becomes an intricately designed puzzle that, for the record, you can fully walk about in when in FPS mode and will -HAVE- to deal with to win the game.The units are built in a sort of design-yourself ideal, where you pick the type of unit you want, special ability, and weapon before saving it to a slot, of which you have 6 for each type of unit - infantry, vehicle, and aircraft. You can overwrite previous designs if you get better ones. Each unit in the game except the transport aircraft can be controlled by the player should they so desire, and depending on how good at FPS games you are, it can be an advantage over simply letting it control itself.With that, there's also the Executron mode. Up to 4 Executrons can join each company in multiplayer, up to 16 total. They act as purely FPS players who run about and can commandeer vehicles and aircraft as well as have infantry battallions follow them into battle when necessary so the CEO can focus on other things.The FPS mode (more so specifically Executron mode) itself, however, does leave some to be desired. I had initially said there was no way to access the menu, this is wrong - you can press F10 in FPS mode to access the menu, not escape. So point 1 is invalid. For two, the Executrons have no way of upgrading themselves without dying/respawning and can only train whatever unit is set as the basic one at factories. For three, the Executrons are quite literally just another unit - they're restricted to what a normal unit can use. This is understandable in most cases, but they're also confined to a single weapon. To help make executron players a bit more involved, multiple weapons and preferably some sort of extra health would probably be desired seeing how they have no RTS control and need other ways to stay motivated.Overall, this is a game that's gotten me 5 hours of enjoyment in the last DAY and is likely to get many, MANY more with my friends joining me. There are still many aspects of the game I haven't been able to try - that's how big the tech tree is. And what's more, this whole game was made by 1 guy. 1 GUY. Every single thing. The art, the assets, the FANTASTIC music, all of it - 1 guy. (Ok, the music was actually his brother, but still.) It's absolutely outstanding. The game even has a huge amount of polish and is surprisingly stable and bug-free, even more so than many AAA games that come out today. I cannot bring myself to believe a single guy was able to create this good of a game. You expect this quality from higher budget studios with many people working at them, not from a single guy. On that alone I urge you to buy this game. And for $13? I'm surprised you haven't hit buy already."
76561198014349237,Recommended,331500,17570438,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Bhownzrofl,Tricked my opponent to take the elevator up to my office. 10 Robots and an empty desk were waiting for him.10/10 buy this now.
,Recommended,331500,20711548,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Magics,"I will be writing this review as I play the game and learn more and more about it.Spoiler: I'm starting this review before even playing more than 10 minutes. Because this guy needs more money.Jan 23, 1:30 PMFirst off, I looked that this game and saw its graphics.. they really were nasty looking. But knowing myself, I like graphics but love gameplay.. so I gave it a deeper look. The reveiws being 90%+ was a huge get go with 400+ reviews. I watched the trailer.. let's say I fell in love with it. I love the satriatric humor this game slightly gives. I will give my feelings and emotions on how I watched and interpreted it.The Trailer: In the trailer you see a bunch of bots fighting shooting eachother, fighting in buildings, outside, etc. It Looked like a normal shooter with RTS counter parts. Seeing it was a hybrid, I was more intreged already since I love that genre. Loved Nuclear Dawn, Natural Selection 2, and much more other games like it. After looking deeper into the trailer I see that there's a research module, building module, defense, radar, ALL KINDS of UPGRADES. THEN YOU SEE YOU CAN CONTROL EACH UNIT. Only a FEW games that I know of can let you do it.. and dang is it satisfying in those  select few. In the RTS view you can see BIG robots and small robots.. this reminds me of Mech Commander 2 where you can see the average mechwarriors and the humans in super suits; its a wonderful nostalgiac feel.  This game shows the availiablity of superweapons.. probably attained by research. This shows that there is multiple paths of research to help you win the game. At the point where you can ""Lead your army into battle"" you see that the AI pathing looks a little less ""natural"" I guess.. but I'm sure it can be improved. After that you see a human holding a glock in a business suit residing in some kind of ""HQ"" or control center. I was sold. YOU CAN SIMULATE THE FUTURE OF SENDING ROBOTS INTO BATTLE TO GOVERN WARS, FEARING LOOSING AND GETTING OVERTAKEN! IN FIRST PERSON! The 'EXECUTIVE' has a glock for a reason! Once yo' self get overtaken you gotta fight for your life. That'll had hilarious elements to mutliplayer gameplay with friends. The possible stories of what will happen with my friends just flows through my mind. Once it gets done showing the executive person part it shows the player changing the power grid and forcing less power towards defense on what seems to be the enemy's base, he then goes up an elevator and kills the enemy.I will now continue playing the game and update this review.(I know my english and structure isn't really proper in this review but I'm writing it fast so I can get to playing!)2:25 PMPlayed for about 30 minutes, had to restart a few times because I wasn't being effecient and fast enough on how I was doing things. You have to learn how to do most things, though it has awesome video ""COMPANY TUTORIAL"" thingies that I found to be really neat.So I was able to get basic buildings down, got power, pylon lines, started gathering crystals to increase my power, made tiny army, etc. I started to expand and noticed the enemy sent a single robot to attack me.. I had my main army away from my base at the time. So I foraged about 4 units to go and attack the intruder.. as I watched him get closer and closer while my robot factory was taking its sweet time.. he entered my facility. My robots finished building and rushed to the rescue. Since the enemy bot entered my facility, I could only see his healthbar (though you can visually hide roofs to see the interior of your base.. but I was in a panic) traversing my estabilishment. My robots were racing to get to him and I watched in horror as this little healthbar started rising. He was going up the elevator. My mind flashed to the trailer to the part where a player went up the enemy's elevator and shot his opponent helplessly. I quickly spammed my HQ icon and tried to wake my guy up.. little did I know after zooming into my character, he appeared to be asleep, doing what executives do. I suppose his mind was in the neural computer or something.Let's just say this game has a cinematic death sequence when your executive's body ragdolls after being lit up like a christmas tree.3:08 PMGotten a little farther in the game. Got wiped out by enemy vehicles. I keep noticing that the research tree starts unveiling more and more stuff to do.. I haven't even scratched the surface. Loving the music! I'm not bored by it at all. I'm noticing a few things that this game lacks from average RTS features.. Some units are tiny and you can't see them too well. But it has some really nice features that other RTS games don't have. For example, when you need to build outside of your HQ zone, you need to use fabricator drones that will fabricate buildings at the cost of loosing the drone. But the neat feature is that you don't need to buy a drone THEN place a building. You place a building and the game will auto buy a drone for you! I really like that. Ima keep playing,3:30PMAI doesn't seem to gather Thorium Crystals (which are used to upgrade your power.) I guess they don't need it? I kinda like that in a way, but I hope it is more competitive in MP which I'm sure it is. Though, the crystals spawn at random, sometimes they're closer to you sometimes they're not. Just now I got 6/8 crystals right at my door step in this play through. At this point I'm starting to get the hang of what I want to research first. Kinda wishing I had a research que feature. I am very successful in this playthrough.. I have the AI cornered and it cannot do anything.. game is way too easy when you figure it out. Currently just looking into research.3:55PMStill trying to figure out how to get the CEO out of his darn chair.. I don't think you can. There is research to give him a better gun though..Just controlled a bot an walked into the robot building facility.. I see robot legs coming out of a foundary and getting moved into another room. That's awesome! It'd be cool if we can see the robots actually get built! Edit: Figured out how to get out of the chair. ""E""3:58PMControlled my own bot, went up into the hq.. picked up the gun I purchased.. then shot myself in the face not knowing it would kill me in one shot. Gotta restart :(4:17 PMStarting to notice that there is some features missing.. or I just cant find what i'm trying to do. I researched a few cannon thingies to find out that they're not in the build menu. Not impletemented yet or is there another menu?4:24 PMI think they're implemented.. just can't figure out how to expand the build menu4:28 PMFigured it out, gotta make a ""Long Range Facility"" and build upon that.4:53 PMI believe I figured out most of what this game has to offer.. now I need a friend to test out multiplayer!Cool fact: This is probably one of the first games where you can have an AI fight another AI and you can just simply watch... AND you can serve under one of the bots army as an ""Executron""My current verdict is that the game idea is completely awesome. Though, it needs major polishing, better optimization, etc. Basically what every game needs. I would love to see more fluidity and content being added to the game.I run the game at about 11 FPS in a 4 player AI match with my cpu at 20%(I have an extremely overkill computer for this game)Keep in mind I am not even near a good critic at all. I just like this game and wish it to become better.I know this was a terrible review, I got lazy.The fact that this game is so cheap and made by one person is phenomenal. This is the kind of developer that needs good funding. It won't be wasted like a AAA developer.If the devoloper sees this, I wish you the best of luck. I wish I had some skills to help with the devolopment of the game because it is worth my time. I am good with film and editing though..Would love to help if I could."
,Recommended,331500,17099294,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Cavenge,"For once an early access game didn't rob us.Now it might not look like much in it's current state, but I think just the supportive devs put this game up there.   The makers behind executive assault is a small dev team, with only a guy and his friends, and for once he isnt a billionare greedy CEO of a company.The gameplay is quite nice once you get used to the strategy and controls.  It has a cool first person feature where you can control a soldier in a unit you sent out to defeat your enemies.  From giant mechs, to small riflemen, there are tons of ways of defeating that rivaling company that threatens the toilet plunger market. (I don't know, I'm tired.)  The game is a bit buggy and a bit unoptimized, but the devs are constantly giving feedback and supporting the players.  They upload new concept art of new graphical changes and other things, so overall, good dev team.Although the feeling of a regular FPS is cool, just imagine yourself charging in with just a rifle with your 10 story mech warriors and tanks beside you, and this game brings that.  The game makes you feel so powerful charging in to the enemy base with your carefully planned out small army, charging through their maze of corridors and drone factories.  Until, finally you place that one bullet into the CEO's head that is controlling all of his forces.Overall, great game with alot of potential, and please, PLEASE support the devs.I would rate 9/10 for an early acess game, pretty low price, tons of potential, fun gameplay, and good devs.Great job Hesketh Studios, keep it up."
,Not Recommended,331500,31195796,Posted: 17 April,all,Sixela963,"Let me get this clear: This is a fun game. Units are diverse, fun to use in every way, and you can freaking visit the base you built in first person. Graphics are... what they are, which is excusable since the guy basically makes an entire game on its own. It's really fun to just do dumb crap with a friend on this game.^However, I do not recommend buying it. There is no campaign and still a serious lack of content, some work needs to be done on balancing (how the hell do I counter that army-shredding missile base?), barely any people play this game online so you will most likely play with a friend. Also, for me, netcode (based on Photon) keeps crashing after 45 minutes, so you better rush the crap out of everything if you want to finish.And most importantly,it is not in a finished state and developpement has come to a nearly full stop. The guy is not to blame, he had problems with Unity, from what I understood, and decided to stop running around like a headless chicken to start making something serious with his now acquired experience, called Executive Assault 2. I was surprised at first when hearing about this, because of the game's visibly unfinished state. It sounded like the dumb move too many companies make to sell the game twice. But he is not a company, he is a lonely wolf trying to make a game on his own, and he does it quite well. So I do recommend keeping an eye on Executive Assault 2, apparently happening in space, with the same weird but awesome RTS/FPS mix.So, unless the game is on heavy sell AND you have friends to play with, don't get this game, but keep an eye on the sequel:http://www.moddb.com/games/executive-assault-2andhttp://www.indiedb.com/games/executive-assault-2"
,Recommended,331500,17127335,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,SirLagsalott,"UPDATE: After many patches several of these issues were fixed.The game is heavily flawed, but fun.The graphics are so-so, even on the highest settings. There are plenty of graphical issues, like bullet holes being stretched to unrealistic proportions on certain surfaces, lights that blink in and out of existence, and performance problems on higher settings (I don't blame the game for that).It's very fun building corridors and locations and being able to walk around them. I'm sure it's been done before but it's still a welcome break from RTS games where you're always floating around in the air and you want a piece of the action.I've noticed several oddities in gameplay. The first one I noticed was right in the beginning of the game, where you can press CTRL and you can't move, just your mouse moves. This is for activating surface GUIs, but it has a lot of issues. I walked into an elevator, pressed CTRL while it was moving down, and I was suspended in midair as the elevator moved beneath me. I ended up on top of the elevator's roof, and without being able to open any kind of menu, shot a few shots with my pistol, hoping I could break the glass. Oddly, this resulted in my death. I had to start all over again.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=486156275Later in the game, I was exploring my base and I heard some gunshots. I went to the elevator, hoping I'd be able to see it from above (at this point I didn't want to die and have to restart again). There were two robots in the elevator, and I mistook them for my own robots (I thought they were going outside to fight whatever was shooting at us) and they just gunned me down. In one hit. I had to start once again, but my enthusiasm was dampened by being unable to continue where I left off.Another issue is that there's no way to save or exit to the main menu from what I've seen. The ESC key does nothing at all, and you press P to pause. However you can't open up an options menu or any kind of menu for that matter. I hope there's a way to save but I just can't find it. I have to alt-tab to get out of the game.It's annoying having to be at a certain spot to open up the RTS interface, as that meant painfully long walks (you can't sprint) through uniform, bland corridors. Both of my aforementioned deaths were caused from that elevator ride.Designing your own robots is interesting. I haven't spent a whole lot of time with that part of the game but it's nice being able to design your own army. Unfortunately, the robots themselves aren't very fun. When my first bot spawned, he took the longest possible route to the destination I specified while I struggled to keep up with his running, and when those stupid elevator bots attacked while he was right in the adjacent area he did nothing.The game itself is better off on sale. I don't know how many bugs the dev plans on fixing or how many new features they plan to add (the opening dialogue suggested they're working on new games) but I hope these small issues are fixed to make an interesting concept a great game."
76561198098121867,Recommended,331500,32620533,Posted: 21 June,all,Jackmino,"I think this is a brilliant game, however there are still plenty of bugs and crashes, and it really needs updating. I believe the devs aren't updating this because they are working hard on Executive Assualt 2, which looks fantastic"
76561198031166519,Recommended,331500,17109263,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,ActualBrian,"Veyr fun, and a little rough around the edges right now, but what a refreshingly innovative experience!! THe first person shooter aspect blows my mind. The depth of the game is fantastic, the research tree is broad and very engaging, and it was so satisfying designing new units. Loved it."
76561198055338638,Recommended,331500,17110035,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Vidicer,"This game brings back everything I loved about Comand And Conquer, And puts it into a FPS feel, I love how the dev made this game, Right know I feel this game could be considerd ""released"" just because of the content and the fact that it doesn't feel like an Alpha. This game should cost $25-30. Reason for low price is becuase I like cheap, I could understand the dev wanting to do $60, but if he did that then he would push away potential players. The price is perfect, it brings back the sense of great games that  deliver good content, and don't leave you feeling like you just got mugged."
76561198134894041,Recommended,331500,18192605,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Lord Puggo,"I played against my friend who always owns me in strategy games, he stole most of my resources and built up an advanced army, I attacked him with my puny invasion force, he outgunned and outnumbered me, he sent his elite units to take out my base's defenses, I used a quantum gateway to teleport a squad of infantry to an unguarded rear entrance at his base, my squad took the elevator up and killed his CEO before his army reached my HQ. 10/10 would troll strategy pro again.All joking aside though, this game is truly amazing. It took me a few matches to adapt my tactics and play style, but soon enough I was having the most fun I've had with a video game in a long time. If you even remotely enjoy RTS games, I simply CANNOT recommend Executive Assault enough. It literally became my new favourite game within the first hour and a half of playing."
76561197986381276,Not Recommended,331500,30764467,Posted: 26 March,all,Fox61524,"This has the potential to be an awesome game.  What you can play of it is rather enjoyable.  As far as alpha's go, it's great.  But the developer seems to think it's full release.  And is working on Executive Assault 2.  So, I don't forsee a significant amount of development happening on this, especially considering the patch release history prior to working on EA2.That said, I will probably purchase EA2.  From what I read it's a single individual who makes the full game, which makes this kind of an incredible project, and if that game gets more developed than this, I'll very likely recommend it.Pros: Exellent customization system, good (though limited) base building, slightly innovative win system (assassinate the enemy commander or powerplant, which can only be accomplished with bots that can fit inside the facility).Cons: Lots of bugs.  On par with late alpha/early beta release.  I've been playing this multiplayer with my cousin and a few friends.  About 1 out of 3 games ends with one of our systems hanging. Usually to the point alt-F4 or Ctrl-Alt-Del do not respond. Occasionally a game ends with irreparable de-sync.  During game play, terrain clipping can be an issue.  Dev has patched that fairly well.  Currently the most serious terrain clipping issue is if you pull multiple asteroids down onto the same location, resources will be unrecoverable, and units will fall through the map there.  Units/research which is useless until further content is developed (like the Hackbot. which can hack through doors. unless they get the 2nd door upgrade.  On the official wiki, it looks like there was more content planned for it, but never developed).Balance issues: the most egregious being that with 4500 metal you can use connecting corridors to make it so no one can enter your base. Preventing assassination of your commander or powerplant.  Which is nice to mess around testing robot builds, but it means any pvp is on the honour system and you have to choose not make yourself invulnerable to the AI.  Another issue is unit balance.  If you don't build tanks, you will likely lose.  There's several different weapons you can research (lasers, plasma, rockets, ballistics...) but I can't quite determine if there's a rock-paper-scissors making one thing more effective than another.  Lasers seem good vs bots and weak against tanks. And Plasma is weak vs tanks. And rockets are strong verses your own units and buildings (friendly fire). But nothing really seems to be particularly good against tanks.  Overwhelming force seems to be the only thing.  A minor complaint would be the research system.  You can speed it up a little (up to 2x speed), but that's it (unless you're in single player where you can set research to take 3 seconds per tech).  Meaning it'll take about an hour to have a fully upgraded unit (bot with full armour and a weapon and secondary ability OR upgraded tank OR upgraded aircraft).  It's a minor complaint, and could be fixed if the game were likely to get more than an update every 6 months, but unlikely to change as things stand.  Wouldn't be so bad if you could effectively counter tanks by researching a weapon system that may be ineffective vs a different unit type, but as it is, you start a research path, and either it works, or the enemy counters it and you've wasted 20 minutes.Overall, I enjoy it for messing around since I already paid for it, but I would recommend anyone looking at it consider waiting for executive assault 2 to come out.  In the mean time, there's always Forged Alliance."
,Recommended,331500,22787112,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,RockstarCRO,"I've been preaching a RTS/FPS hybrid for as long as I can remember. Just recently pulled the trigger and bought the game full price (which is extremely unusual for me)! The game in it's current state is playable and has quite a bit to offer. Gamers will be hungry (in both good and bad regards) for a lot more once they finish a couple of games. Most games will take around an hour but given on how determine you are, can take more or less time.I remember when the very first StarCraft came out. RTS Games started striking it big and FPS began making a strong debut. I loved both genres but couldn't have both at the same place or time. I've always wanted to control a single marine or a Goliath and have never been able to until this game released. When the game states you can take control over any unit, you literally can take control over any unit. This is an absolutely beautiful feature that was nailed. In addition to this scenario, players may play against or with their friends. One friend can be in charge while other friends can take control of units (to do this ""execubots"" need to be approved). This can be handy as players are more independent than AI units. Independent players as well as any player playing in FPS mode can command nearby units by pressing ""F"" (for follow) and ""G"" (for guard). Big points for inclusiveness here. The AI within the game is decent at the moment. Depending on what level you set them at will determine the intensity of the game.Thepremise (or story)regarding Executive Assault is the player takes control of an executive business man who is essentially the only human on the battle field trying to take over the world. Instead of directly being involved in the fight, the executive sits high atop of their office with only a pistol in his hand and a computer on a desk. The computer allows the player to enter and exit RTS mode (by pressing ""E""). There isn't much reason to control the executive either than if you're being raided. The executive cannot have any other weapon either than a pistol and a upgraded pistol (that needs to be researched) that takes out robots in one shot. Additionally, a desk shield can be researched and a big red button has to be pressed manually by the player to activate it. Robots will have to fight their way through corridors to the executive elevator that will take them all the up to the office. Defenses can be upgraded and added to protect the executive. Auto-turrets can get really annoying if you don't come in with a strong enough presence.From the executive view, we jump into the RTS view. Before the player can start building anything at all, a power station is needed. Power management is extremely simple in this game but takes a bit of skill to manage properly. Research, drilling power and defenses can all managed through this. Go over the magic number (that keeps everything in homeostasis) and watch the stores deplete faster than instant noodles being microwaved. Power towers can be placed throughout the map in order to expand drilling expeditions. Upon building that, the player can build basic buildings such as unit facility and drone facility. Drones will build towers and drill sites while units are the ones that can raid the executives office. Research is another tab besides the power management tab in which the player will have to closely watch and use in order to advance their technology. There are other buildings that can be built such as airports and vehicle factories but this all needs to be unlocked through research. Some other buildings with neat features include a long range facility which has four slots that can be assigned to artillery or a trion cannon (that bombards every so often) or a missile. All long range weapons need to be assigned a target by the player. Moreover, hallways can be added and defense mechanisms such as turrets, fences/force fields or mechanized doors can be added for a buffered defense.Research plays a crucial role in what one can do in-game. Weapon options begin to open up once the proper research is done. A unique and enjoyed feature in this game is that there are no set units. When a new building is researched, a default unit is given but there are five empty slots. These slots need to be filled up by the player. Players are able to design their own units to their preference. For instance, basic foot units can be given basic to upgraded armor and equipped with lasers, quantum weapons or missiles. Additionally, defensive sort of measures can be added such as personal shields, timed explosives or electrostatic shock. Vehicles and air units also have option defensive measures although at the moment quite limited. Research unlocks these weapon variants, units, buildings and abilities. Players should be careful as research can take up quite a bit of energy. This uniqueness allows players to add another depth to their attacks. Some players may favor certain weapon types while others find benefits in mixing ballistics with energy.The HUD for each individual unit is awesome. On one of the bigger aircraft units the player has the view of the action from the bridge. In mech-walkers, it feels like you're walking on mechanical legs and obviously the view is a little different. It would be nice if some sort of sprint option was available for air and vehicle units. Even though most of thevisuals and graphicsare a bit block-y/Half Life 1 sort of graphics, they do not get in the way of delivering effectivegameplay. Thecontrolsthemselves are simple at the moment and units have a primary weapon complimented with a secondary (upon doing research). I would like to see a little bit more added here in regards to personal options (meaning more weapon/defensive or some sort of special ability slot).  Two is good, but maybe adding that third could take the game to another level.Soundsare basic at the moment but the dev seemed to put everything necessary in the game. A laser sounds like a laser shot. Missiles explode and explosions are heard. When guns are fired there isn't really an impact sound when hitting other bots or walls. Music is actually pretty good but has a habit of cutting out randomly.Overall, this is a DECENT game that has the potential to be EXTREMELY GOOD. It seems the dev is trying to get the basics and foundation down before any major updates come out. There still is a lot of work to be done but the game is playable as of this instant. I have never paid full price for a game (that I can recall) so this must have been something to get interested. I really hope that this game turns out to be the next big thing. The only way that is plausible is by the devs continuing their good work and getting some input and possible help from the community. Believe it or not, there's always someone out there willing to help.E/A RATING : 6.9/10GameplayB-Story / CampaignN/AVisuals / User InterfaceC+Sounds / MusicCReplay-abilityB-OverallB-ScreenShots :Establishing a power gridBe wise with your spacingPUSH THE BIG RED BUTTONYou can watch units being made in real timeInteresting way to log inI wonder if every CEO works this hardNice view"
76561197976527440,Recommended,331500,14926240,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,spartanshalo,"I have been looking forward to Executive Assault for a long while now. It is still in early access and is a really great concept. However, it is not ready for any real gameplay. The visuals are ok but the game has a lot of work to be a truely great game.Pros:+ Cool art style allows for graphics to stay as is without any real issues, though is early 2000s looking.+Decent RTS gameplay and ok FPS gameplay.+Can enter buildings and build interior and exterior defences.+Cannot spam defenses so it is possible to take an enemies base.+Best elevator music ever.Cons:-Unit desync is a major issue. Connecting to another player is also an issue and is very sporatic. I had a 1v1 match and the other player could see exactly where I was, exactly where my single bot was, but said they had an army in my office, and I killed them all with one invulnerable bot. As far as I could tell, all his men were outside shooting my walls.-Graphics are 2000s looking. Not a big deal, however there are loads of detail issues that need fixed, such as clipping and shots going through walls and not really being there.-Damage is severely unbalanced. A tank destroys everything, but a group of bots destroys the world. Defence is useless. It is better to just invest in more bots with better weapons. They grind though doors like they dont exist, yes, forcefield, safety and security doors like tissue paper. Walls last only a few seconds longer. Your greatest defense is the long travel time of the elevator.-Low tech weapons and ballistics in general are useless.-No guides or tutorials.-Air vehicles easy to shoot down but can destroy all your defences including interior defences while building.-FPS mode rendered useless as unit ai is just too quick and does sooo much damage that there is no reason to use FPS mode. Sniping is possible, but you do so little damage that FPS mode only helps with late game fights. Strafing has little to no effect so why bother?-Base building is more of a puzzle of placement more than anything. Once the enemy is inside your base it is game over unless you have spammed lots of hallways to have loads of turrets inside the base. More often than not, the game is over before you even build your first few handfulls of bots.-There is no point to leaving your office ever as CEO. If you leave, your are dead. 1 shot kills you. Your pistol is a joke. If you leave and the enemy takes your office, you might as well surrender. You cannot do ANYTHING on foot as the CEO. Unless you have an ally or lots and lots of units on the ground, you are dead. You might as well just stay in the office and die ending the match.In conclusion, the game is a great concept, works kinda , but has lots of bugs and balancing issues. Being in Early access, this could all be fixed, in which case the game would be a 9/10. Otherwise, it is currently a 5/10 as it is mostly unplayable for me."
76561198073038949,Recommended,331500,32660202,Posted: 22 June,all,Buddy Ol' Pal,"This is awesome! I bought this and a copy for my youngest brother to play against the AI and it's fantastic! There is a short learning curve but mostly it's developing your own strategy. Excellent design and ideas, for one guy who lives in a shoe this is mind blowing work. Get this, he's working on a second one as well!Pros-1: Core Concepts are easy to pick up2: Great replay value, no two matches are ever the same3: The first person mode allows you to do things your units normally could not (such as aiming beyond their engagement radius)4: Escalating battles, start with tiny skirmishes of ten guys and go to armies and titanic walkersCons-1: The developer left this to work on EA2. I get that he is one man though so I can understand why he would like to get a new project underway rather than do two projects (maintenance and creation) at once.2: Some minor bugs, they won't break the game but they can be irksome if it's in combat. These instances are few and far between however.3: The AI is MERCILESS. Not too much testing must have gone with the AI because it'll kick the crap out of you the first few times you play.Overall, this game is fantastic for a single author and you should definitely consider supporting him if anything I said interested you. Keep up the good work Hesketh!"
,Recommended,331500,29751423,Posted: 6 February,all,N_Rage,"Tl;Dr: The game has some issues, but Co-op with a friend it's a really fun and challenging game and worth the price.I bought this game with a friend while on sale for the Co-op, because we liked the concept.So far we've played a few games against the AI together, which turned out to be more challenging than initially thought and were a lot of fun.However, there were some issues:- Optimisation is not great, with an i7 and a 970GTX the frame rate wasn't high, but still playable on highest settings (30-40fps)- Planes are virtually unplayable in first person mode and planes equipped with rockets shoot themselves- When switching into first person mode, the mouse sensitivity increases by a lot, making it unplayable until you turn it down- When playing Co-op, we experienced an issue where the enemies long range facility was shooting on one of us, however it was only visible on my friends pc and I was unable to damage the long range facilityThings I liked about the game:- The AI is challenging! I've only played against the lower 2 AI difficulties (out of 4) so far, but even with a friend we managed to lose some rounds in 2v2 matches. Easy games can quickly get boring, so I really appreciate this!- The energy management works flawless and enables you to redirect energy between research, defenses and mining- The research tree is immense and allows for many different types of play style- The balancing of units works well, however all of my games so far have been decided by artillery, which is pretty OP- Although others have complained about this issue, my game doesn't crash- While first person mode doesn't really have much of an impact on the game, it's fun to hop into a unit and take a look aroundThings I disliked (apart from the already mentionned issues):- The first person mode is fun, but basically useless in game- The number of players per map is limited to 4 players and the maps are pretty small. I really like playing against the AI with friends, but with a limit of 4 players per map this means we can only really play 2 vs 2AI.Things I'd like for the future:- More players per map: As mentionned before, this is my biggest issue with the game. If there were more players per map, I could play this game with more friends at the same time. It would be great for playing at LAN parties.- Bigger maps: The maps already seem a little small, but even without more players the maps could be a bit bigger. I understand that the engine seems to be at its limits, but I'll gladly turn down my settings or play on a very basic map, if it was bigger.- More iron per map: The iron is pretty evenly distributed on the maps I've played so far, but more iron on bigger maps would make fighting for ressources much more important and necessary.- More server options, like:-turn artillery off-more meteoritesAll things considered, it's a good game with some issues, but with a few upgrades it could really be a great game I'd ask all my friends to purchase!"
76561198042756683,Recommended,331500,23604009,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Le Great Majic Chicken,"Game has many different units, a good tech tree, and fun strategic planning.Allows you to build things such as mechs, tanks, etc. Along with taking control of any unitHowever, tank cannons are very very overpowered.You can also build long range missle facilities in a matter of seconds from the game starting, which fire mininukes, these allow you to wipe out a whole  armies despite how much health their units have. You can also wipe out entire supply lines cutting of their manufacturing, but you cant destory their base with the missles, or the giant space laster which is 3x bigger than the missle. Very overpowered.Game maps are very small, and it is easy to rush the enemy and kill them at the start of the gameConclusion: Modding support and more frequent balancing would make this a great game. But it already is a good game. It is in my opinion, worth the money, but you will get bored with it after a while. I also experienced crashes in the game after 2 or so hours of gameplay (Windows 10), so the game may be unstable. But bear in mind that ONE GUY made this entire game by himself, and he did a great job."
76561198068155069,Recommended,331500,17113219,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,SmokeyBear,"This game.... being a guy sitting in an office bossing around robots and tanks is wonderful! making it even better, you can control them in first person! This game is very original, haven't seen this concept before. I recommend this game, even though it's early alpha, it has a lot of potential. AI is a little bit hard but will get used to that. There are a lot of possibilities already (research wise, units etc).Devs really did a good job on this, and hope they remain to do so.Edit: My opinion remains the same, just wanted to mention I have had 1 freeze and some minor bug experiences with unit selection and movement (in rts mode) definitely not game breaking"
76561198048163635,Recommended,331500,26906815,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,jglenn1562,"This game is great, I have always wanted to play an RTS game where I can jump in on the action ever since I started playing RTS games. I have no idea why there aren't more games like this! Also, I am super excited for Executive Assault 2, The idea of it taking place in space is super exciting and the fact that we would be able to run around inside space ships while they are flying around is amazing! The hype is real!!!EDIT:I also nominated this game for a custom award That I called ""Most Innovative Game Idea"" Award, I seriously don't understand why there aren't more games like this. This concept of jumping down into the action AND having online games where people can play on your team on the battlefield is amazing!!!"
,Recommended,331500,17404187,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Madohara,"I probably don't sound the most original here, but, I bought this game from watching Star_ and Jerma's video, though I found what I was watching to be really interesting. First off the soundtrack is unreal, this game shouldnt have a soundtrack of this extreme but it works so well in conveying the action that I dont even care, I really want this ost! The rts elements arent shockingly different or anything but they're solid and dont frustrate the player, also controlling your units is awesome and feels very good (save for the planes but I hope that gets reworked). The main gimmick that really makes Executive Assault what it is, is the fact that you are playing as the objective, basically if the other Executive kills you, it's game over, this makes for some really hectic wars just to get into the other player's base, and once you do there's nothing more intense. The game doesnt particularly look amazing or anything and the performance is frustrating at times but that shouldnt get in the way of a truly solid rts/fps that's a joy to play with friends."
,Recommended,331500,24569716,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Joe Ferro,"A great RTS game with a slow development time and small playerbase.What is this game?Executive Assault is, in short, a magnificent game that has an extremely slow development time. It takes place on an unknown planet(s) where you must destroy your opponent for control of it's resources and or to gain control of the entire planet. To do this you use a real-time strategy playing style to create robots, with a dash of FPS in the mix.GameplayEnd GoalThe goal of Executive Assault is to either kill the Enemy Executive, or force their power core to self destruct through the use of robots. All while protecting yourself.The RTS ElementsExecutive Assault does real-time strategy quite well. You must gather in-game resources to construct different factories that creat robots. These robots vary from small cannon fodder to giant mechs of doom. Using these resources you can also create defensive walls, turrets, gates, and bunkers. Even a giant force field to defend against the occasional missile barrage. You cannot get to these without the use of a research system however. This system is not complex in the slightest, you simply find the option you want and begin research. After completing research you unlock new research options. New weapons and armor for robots and a personal shield for your executive are a few of these options.Like every real-time strategy game, you control your robots by selecting whichever oens you wish to move, then select where you want them to move. The game also has a handy teleporter as a research option, great for moving your cannon fodder.The FPS ElementsExecutive Assault, like advertised, has an FPS system. Which is not complicated at all, and sadly it is very limited to what you can do. You simply select any unit you want and go into FPS mode. From this mode you use the standard WASD keys to move and left mouse button to shoot the currently equipped weapon. This mode is essential for self destructing the enemy power core, and possibly killing the enemy executiveI have not yet tested thisThe AIThe AI itself is decent, it moves units, builds buildings, and eventually destroys you early game. That's the sad truth, you will almost never win against the AI. They get overpowered units WAY too fast, and like all real-time strategy AI, begin to spam them until you lose. It is sad to see such a great game have ♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI.I give gameplay a 7/10. It would be a solid 9, but the AI is so bad that you cannot play this game solo. It also needs to be developed a bit more.GraphicsThe graphics are not the best, but to me they meet RTS indie quality standards. The enviroment is bland, and the textures are not that detailed. But seeing how this is created from a small indie studio that does not bother me much, as the gameplay far outweighs the graphics.I give graphics a 4.5/10. With some improvement to the landscape and better textures they can reach a solid 6-7.ProsDoes RTS wellAn abundance of research optionsMassive ReplayibilityLarge amount of useful units.Great options for defenseYou can harness the power of metorites to hurt your enemyConsThe buildable area is far too small.Barely and incentive to not just send your units to the enemy in a straight lineA terribly slow development timeThe graphics are not the bestThe FPS mode could be improved, such as allowing you to crouch/prone.Small playerbaseThe AI is terribleLike all games, there are an abundance of bugsVerdictExecutive Assault is a terribly overlooked game that just needs a larger playerbase. If you plan on purchasing this game please do so, but only if you want to support the developer, have a friend to play with, and the development has gone further down the line.Be sure you have somebody to play with! The AI is disgustingOverall score: 7.5/10Please inform me of any errors in grammar and spelling"
,Recommended,331500,17804121,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,MustyManureMan,"It has typos, it's way cheesey, and I love literally everything about it. Completely made by ONE DUDE. I built a massive army and was sending them over to kill off my enemy. I forgot to leave some behind for deffense and make doors for my base. 31.3/10 would get rekt by one robot again. This is a gem. Buy this game."
,Recommended,331500,32951968,Posted: 28 June,all,Burn,"I enjoyed this RTS game, but I would give it a thumb up alone for the extra mile it went with the FPS mode. It's not necessary to use the FPS mode but it's nonetheless well executed and, I guess, makes this game unique. The game seems, however, not finished and after digging around I found out that a sequel is in the making so there you go.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1125985043http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1125999744"
,Recommended,331500,29057210,Posted: 6 January,all,Arkangel,Good gamePros-ingame videos explaing game mechenics-easy to learn-low specs requirement-massive battles-interesting building-robotsCons-need 1280x720 in order to see whole research tree-laggy with multiple highest difficulty AI-long research time-odd FPS feeloverall 9/10would recommend
76561198160433325,Recommended,331500,17154449,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,StolenMadWolf,"This is only a first impression review, so I will probably write a more detailed version soon enough.The short version is: This game is interesting and fun, and shows alot of potential if the good work continues.Now to add a few details.Although there is no backstory, at least, not yet, you play as a CEO sat inside your simple, but comfortable office at the top of your tower fighting with or against up to three other CEOs on a decently sized map. You sit down at the desk, allowing you to play the game from the traditional RTS perspective, building your sole base, constucting a small army, and attacking the enemy base(s).But of course, there are a few differences. For a start, you can directly control most of the units in the game. This could be anything from a light infantry robot to tanks, aircraft and giant mechs. You cannot directly control the other units, save for giving infantry follow and guard orders, so you might want to give out your orders first before taking over your tank and rolling across to the enemy base.Another difference is that you don't destroy the enemy base, you have to fight your way up into the enemy bases office (elevators included) and kill the enemy CEO whilst they are desprately getting their forces to defend him. The CEO can deploy a shield if he has researched it and can even fight back, though his/her pistol is pretty poor.This also means you can enter enemy structures, only your small footsoldiers can enter, making them a weak, but highly important unit. You will have to fight your way through other robots and automated defences to get through to the CEO. Even if you are not planning on killing the CEO, you can still cause trouble by getting your robots to the interfaces in some of the buildings. So far, only the power plant is sabtagable by shutting of the cooling, forcing the CEO to go down there himself to restart the cooling. But it is a fun feature.The gameplay is a little difficult to wrap your head around the gameplay to start off with and the tutorial videos are admitedly, not fantastic, so don't be surprised when the Janitor, the lowest level AI, beats you early on when he slips a pair of robots into your base whilst you are struggling to get your robots in to defend you in time. But once you get the hang of it, it is a fun game in a rather underused genre of RTS. Of course, you don't have to use the FPS feature, but it's there when you want it.Of course, this game feels rough round the edges and perhaps harshly, uncomplete. The graphics aren't fantastic though it works wonders for older computers or those with low quality graphics cards. There are only a handful of two-four player maps in the game, a little less than ten, maybe even less. But then again, you can't blame the developers. It is only one guy and a few of his friends who are working on this game, not some AAA developer or greedy company (no offence intended to the AAA devlopers of course). The work they have done so far is great with what they have to work with, so you can understand the game's current state and greatly respect it for what it has done so far.Let's just hope that the developers keep adding things into the game such as new maps, CEOs and other fancy features to freshing and fill up the game.8/10. This game has a lot of potential and I'm looking forward to seeing it progress."
,Recommended,331500,21322387,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,zxzc77 [Sparky],"On it's own this game is pretty great. But if you want to get the most fun out of it, get a few friends, or even just one. Are they not great at RTS's? That's ok because execubot mode lets them join your army as a soldier, turning their game into an FPS. They can even edit their loadout if you research stuff and can get into vehicles. This game is amazing.-edit-In the big, mega death robot cockpit you hold a martini in one hand while piloting with the other.11/10"
76561198039071246,Recommended,331500,17402110,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Death Angel The Sexy Wizard,I died without noticing enemy robots in my base.10/10 would get professionally assassinated again.
76561198046164751,Recommended,331500,30353609,Posted: 6 March,all,Electric Draco,"It's a good game with LOTS of potential, the updates are pretty spred out BUT if the person who made this keeps working on it then it could be really great....but till then id say pick it up and try to convince some friends to get it, its a great game to mess around in and just have fun experimenting inIf you like strategy games and you got the money to spare pick it up and give it a try"
76561198072988356,Recommended,331500,23663054,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Catnapper,"The game has been released from Early Access. It'e been a journey for a few years, seeing the various patches go by, but now that we're here, I can do nought but stare into the horion and say ""This needed another six months"". The game still has optimization issues, the weapon selection screen still has icons done in MS Paint, the burst-rocket-thing still does no damage, and it still looks (for the most part) pretty bad.But hey, at least they fixed the balance issues so that end-tier units aren't too expensive for their strength, and personal sheilds aren't an instant win, so it's reasonably playable.6/10. It was better in Early Access, when these were supposed to be fixed. Barely reccommend for slightly dodgy buisness."
76561198046531004,Recommended,331500,28698266,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,RussianRocketeer,"Suprisingly fun, maps are too small, crashes often, but still worth the money."
,Recommended,331500,24985505,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Tic-toc26,ADD WORKSHOP MODS!!!
,Recommended,331500,17174949,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Madmatt150,"This game, where to start. This game is what every RTS player/fan should want, a game where you build your base/units but can join them on the front lines in the heat of a battle. This game has some amazing ideas, and if this dev keeps up the work (which he is doing) then this game can become something more awesome than it is now.This game does have some bug and problems, as do many indie/new games, non gamebreaking that I've found but some that do kill you/get rid of units, but you have to do something for that to happen.In my personal opinion the good outways the bad. Yes it has problems but running with 30 soliders, tanks and aircraft into a hugh battle feels epic.This game is best tried out for yourselfs."
76561198057678687,Recommended,331500,17112400,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Plastic,(Please Buy this game)Why? The game has very 2000 feel and the RTS/FPS feels very good.Pros: FPS/RTS with huge mapsHuge tech treeHuge Battles with massive robotsEasy on Older computersBase buildingCons: Not very good in explaining what to do to the playerUnity GraphicsIf you don't like quick RTS's you won't like this game
,Recommended,331500,17112585,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,]CIA[ Onearmy,"Great game so far, especially considering it's made by one man on almost no budget. I will update this review to be more indepth as soon as possible for those of you who want more info."
,Recommended,331500,15633933,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,☣ AgRessoR-13 ☣,"You're not a general - you're a CEO!--> You think: ""RTS and FPS?? - yaaawn - nothing new""--> I say: ""be prepared to stick on it if you once started it...""This little game is a real rough diamond. For sure as an ""Early Access"" it's not yet perfect. I made a test-skirmish-match where I researched everything and I never had a crash. It seems to be stable and that's good - because I didn't find any possibility to save. I only tested the skirmish part.The most important thing:It's incredibly fun to play!!o description:a very innovative mix of C&C, Supreme Commander, Z:Steelsoldiers, Etherium, Evil Genius and James Bond. As a CEO you have to conquer a small environment on a planet in RTS style and you have always the possibility to control every unit yourself. You are able to enter the enemies base buildings in FPS style or do your own assassin missions during the battle.+ pros:innovative gameplay - it's incredibly fun!interesting views - size of units and buildings are realYou can enter buildings and assassinate the enemy CEO in his own office!a lot of different strategies and tactics possiblea big pro are the limitations of units, building space, resources and research -> forces you to decide what way you want to go -> forces you to watch the enemys movesyou can sell buildings and change your base very fast when neededUI and renderer can handle 21:9 aspect ratio and 3440x1440 resolution (better than some full price titles!)a high complexity that is always easy to handle (unit design, research, building & control base)everything you have to control by yourself - and that's a BIG pro -> it  forces you to set priorities on your own actions! And that is THE SUCCESS of this game!- cons:pathfinding sometimes baddidn't find a possibility to adjust the cam angle - zooming and turning cam is OKno save in skirmishgraphic performance sometimes get bad when many units are on the screensometimes units are not built for no reason - they stay in the queue and are not built, even when the unit limit is not hitYou should be able to adjust the mouse sensivity better for the FPS parto neutral:graphics are functional - no great, but cool indie styleanimations are mostly poor, but it fits the whole game stylecontrols are sometimes special -> text button to build drone, symbol button to build robotgame focus is on RTS, but you can use FPS mode whenever you like it - just for fun or to hit some assassin attack.  Be James Bond!Conclusion:What is a big contra in other RTS games is the real big pro in this game: the big strength of this game is, that you don't have too much automated help. Everything has a limited availability - you have to choose and set priorites. You're a CEO - not a general. If you think this way, you're going to have a lot of fun with Executive Assault!(You can also play an unlimited resource mod, if you like)--> to the devs: I highly recommend to NOT add more automated building or research help - because it would kill the fun. It's so cool to forget to do some things and then have to compensate it with workaround mesures during you try to get back on course. Like enterprises work."
76561198034431471,Recommended,331500,32871796,Posted: 27 June,all,Rusty Farnkleford,"Not bad, especially for something developed by a one person team. The concept of being able to switch between traditional RTS command and playing as a unit in first person (unlike Nuclear Dawn, you can select any unit on the battlfield to play as instantly without walking all the way from the command center) is incredibly neat, one that I personally wish more developers tried.Don't expect something to the same polish as an RTS with a traditional development team size and hundreds of thousands of dollars budget. Some of the issues you'll encounter are:1.) Not very intelligent units when it comes to path finding2.) Laggy controls, particularly when 50+ units are on the battlefield at highest graphics settings3.) Sometimes funky unit commands; for example, attack command won't order an attack on a specific structure but will send ordered units to that spot as they attack4.) Poorly optimized user interface; selecting structures to build and projects to research is akward5.) Doesn't give player as much information as one would expect from a traditional RTSBut, again, only one person was developing this game; tackling a mechanic that even mid-size developers won't try is a tough task for a single individual, and with that in mind this game exceeds expectations. Hopefully a lot of the issues with this game are resolved in the sequel that is currently underway."
76561198057075005,Recommended,331500,25538447,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Zacholas,"This has been one of my favourite RTS experiences in a long time. Graphically, the game looks good with a few exceptions on icons. The AI is challanging and the FPS hybrid aspect is very well done. Probably one of my favourite RTSs ever. Very enjoyable. I would highly recommend."
76561198044431668,Not Recommended,331500,28547041,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,CenturiBubble,"I wish I could reccomend it. I really do.The concept of this game is great. However, the execution is not too great, as i assume many have said before me. Some weapons are really unbalanced and playing with friends of mine that (including myself) have significant amounts of time in multiple different RTS games it becomes a game of ""who can cheese the hardest"".Overall i'd give this game a 3/10. It's definitely fun even if it's dead, but as i play it more i see it getting excedingly boring.Buy it on a big sale (Like right now! as of 12/22/16)"
,Recommended,331500,23847998,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,jon,You can control a robot and go kill yourself.This is amazing!
76561197969812835,Recommended,331500,31473526,Posted: 30 April,all,BeyondFubar,"You don't have to play Executive Assault long to realize how unique and fun it is.  There are a few games out there that are FPS-RTS but this one is a RTS-FPS.  Of course I was one of those rare people that played and loved Command & Conquer: Renegade.There is depth in the customization of units, you may for example change the armor items and weapons of your basic droid units, making cheap and numerous or highly researched and few of them.  There are light medium and heavy varients to almost all the units.Love the research and power output selections, in fact the ONLY thing I dislike is the map size and selection.  Not a game breaker but basically limits the potentional of the game by a great degree, you can only play with 4 players maximum and you start in basically sight distance with your enemy.Overall a fun departure from RTS norms and clearly a lovingly crafted game, still in EA but I wonder since the sequel is in dev will it be finished?"
,Recommended,331500,25812401,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,TerrorTubs,"Holy cow, I never actually thought anyone could and would make a game like this. The idea of it is simply AMAZING.But, ideas aren't anything without gameplay. So does the gameplay hold up?In my opinion, yes. Absolutely. This is one of those moments where graphics doesn't mean anything to the game. While I admit, the scenary is pretty bland, I really don't care too much about the graphics as opposed to the original game. Heck, I still like playing Nintendo 64 every now and then.Though it is difficult to manage your troops and easily find things, I love the gameplay. It is not the next Supreme Commander with tactics and whatnot, but it is a truly amazing feeling to build up a decent base, personally command a tank platoon to lead an assault on the enemy base, and then personally lead a foot assault THROUGH the enemy base and into the enemy control tower.Mind you, you can do what ever you want to accomplish this. You can choose what ever unit you want to command, and I commemorate this game for doing that.If you don't mind poor graphics and a less-than-par HUD/unit finder, I would absolutely and 100% recommend this game if any of what I describe sounds cool. Even still, I can't blame this game for either of those things, as this was made by a single person I believe.Hats off to you sir, good job."
,Recommended,331500,14837187,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,[PUFF] dreadxx,"This is good game, as I enjoyed it myself with first shooter its quite fun,Pro:++ Can play any unit when first person and change to RTS+ Quite easy to build it+ Custom unit such as laser or armor+ Simply GraphicsCons:-- There is no difficult level which mean I find it quite hard for me to play this game (least this is early access yet.)-  Slow movement when you move mouse the map-  CEO can die so easily lol but hopefully they will add like clone ceo or upgrade ceo something like thatOverall, this is good game to be honest, I recommend it this one but it's still early access so hopefully they will add some new and also balance of course, but its not expensive game but if you are enjoy challenge this game as ai then buy it. Least i would be happy if add difficult which mean other player can play it bit easy as time by time."
,Recommended,331500,24869682,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Gage,"Me, and my two other friends had a blast while playing, and let me tell you a story too.So, me and my two friends were playing against bots, one was the ceo and me and the other were Executrons.A while into the game it looks like we are fine. but then they sneak in, and when we found out, we freaked the heck out.me and my two friends went into the oppisite elevator we thought they were going up in. then as we go down. Then we see the robots sitting there at the bottom, and as soon as we touched the bottom, you could see them going around so we smashed the elevator button. Soon it finally it goes up then we see them go up the elevator, then we screamed and once again, we were smashing the elevator button as hard a we can. then once the door closes, we see them finally come out, then they went back in. They then went down. We freaked out and press the button. We go up just to find one lucky robot still up there.he instantly with out hesitation, turned to look at our ceo, and 2 shots him with a laser beam.10/10 would be terrified by the bots again."
,Recommended,331500,29525389,Posted: 27 January,all,ooga booga gibe chicken,"For 13 dollars, this is one of the best RTS/FPS games i've ever played!"
76561198054547464,Recommended,331500,17932350,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,SherpaTheSkeletonKing,"One of the most promising new games to date , the developer is very active in the discussions section and is openly stating and asking for suggestions on new ideas to add to the gameThe game itself is really fun too , so if your interested in a Supreme Commander meets Savage game , then this is for you!!!"
76561198147895079,Not Recommended,331500,26238040,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Culbe,Great game just no content to it. it got boring.
,Not Recommended,331500,30435710,Posted: 10 March,all,Zrox,"This is such an innovative game for allowing you to completely customize everything about your base and armies, and I love the first person experience. It's like command and conquer but you can actually BE your troops.Also, the AI battles on this game can be really fun and interesting. If you wanted to play single player, I recommend this game when it's on sale.The problem with this game is when you play multiplayer with real people.Your whole company is based around power. Without power, you can't do anything. The only way to have enough power to actually build up your base and army is to accumulate power crystals, placed randomly throughout the map. If you don't get enough because they're too far away, you're screwed, because there IS NO WAY TO GET MORE POWER. Then, your enemies (who have more power) can and will research things faster than you, can and will build armies faster (because you don't have enough power for more than a couple iron mines), and will choose you to destroy first because you're the easiest target. Your puny defense troops that don't stand a chance against the enemy rocket launchers and riot armor will be smoked immediately and you will be killed in your office because you have no defense. Game over.There are far too many ways that this game can give certain players advantages that allow them to wipe you out of the game, and you have absolutely no way to stop it."
76561198091012586,Recommended,331500,24764538,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Mike Echo,That time when  you thought you won against the the dumbest AI and have control over their base until you find out a little squad of machine gun robots killed your CEO.
,Not Recommended,331500,23966874,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,freeone3000,"Despite the promise shown, this is released as a finished product. As it currently is, I cannot recommend this game.The FPS side is pretty alright. Being able to take control over any unit gives you a breadth-over-depth, so any lack of sophistication in any single unit's controls is more than made up for by swapping over. The issues I have are mostly with the RTS side, since this is primarily an RTS game.Unit and gameplay balance is currently significantly skewed - one research path is always, always better than others, leading to lack of variety in play. The FPS mode is fiddly, and is difficult to keep in - staying in FPS mode too long will cause you to fall behind on research.The AI is very lackluster. ""Pylon spam"" is an AI exploit, by which you build a free building repeatedly. This will consume AI forces, as they attack the building you built for free, allowing you to destroy their units. They will continue attacking the pylon, even while under attack! The differences between AI tiers are done alright, but they all work off the same basic script - and it's a script. Early scout, two bots left iron, three bots right iron, vehicle, lasers, upgraded lasers, assault with tanks, holding pattern, cluster rocket infantry to take out CEO. You can do the same thing, of course - this is the most effective strategy, in fact! So it's down to how fast you can execute this.Graphics and sound should be evident from the above videos and screenshots - with one addition, being that units are in-scale to the surrounding buildings. Usually, FPS units are significantly out of scale - this is so that they are visible and selectable. You'll be constantly changing your zoom level.Options are fairly bare-bones, without in-game rebindable controls. The control scheme evokes a much-earlier populus-style or Citizen Kabuto-style controls, rather than a more recent title. It's surprising to see that this title was released in 2015.While the RTS/FPS concept is very cool, and done fairly well, as it currently stands I do not recommend this game."
,Recommended,331500,17571436,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,☠ Commie Weasel,"IF YOU'RE NOT INTO BUYING AN EARLY ACCESS, THIS GAME IT'S NOT FOR YOU.Pros:- Good graphics, for just being an indie game (Made by only 1 person).-The idea of being a CEO controlling an entire base and take control of units in first person is brilliant.- RTS mixed with FPS is awesome.- The game brings you a customization of your own corporation, allowing you to name it, and put any image you want as your logo.Cons:- Around over 6 maps (That is actually ok).- HUD Management it's blunt and very, very simple at the moment. It has no hotkeys, too, so you make all commands Manually clicking on each building.- Aiming in first person is hard as♥♥♥♥♥♥ really. Also, All weapons have 0 spread laser acurracy.-A normal enemy robot controlled by player can snipe your base at an horribly long distance with an assault rifle. (I hope they fix the range of weapons.over all, The game is good. It just needs to be refined, which can be done over time.I give it an 7/10"
,Recommended,331500,17196710,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Fanatical Like A Demon,This game is epic and I am really impressed by the effort this developer has put into this game. An in depth review is not neccessary. For what he's asking on here just buy the game.
76561198018807860,Recommended,331500,29852671,Posted: 11 February,all,colbirt1,Better than alot of AAA games thats for sure
76561198186388625,Recommended,331500,29710763,Posted: 4 February,all,Neuling,"This was a great game and it introduced some features that i've never seen in RTS games, but it does suffer a lot from numerous issues. One issue would be the multiplayer/ community support: Now i know it's not Hesketh Studio's fault that there is not enough people playing but, this game does need major suppport from us player to actually make this a perfect RTS game,we need to have more people playing with each other as i only saw one lobby in the past hours i've been playing. Second: MORE BUG FIXES, GRAPHICS, i've had troops randomly get stuck for no reason, the missle/ artillery hits mountains if the terget is past a moutain,  some units will just sit there and die from other units, and finally it was 2015 and now 2017, and the graphics are kind of... 20th century looking.....you get the point. And third: Better First Person  support: i've had my allys kill me just because i accidently shot at a tank, die while exploring thanks to a overhead aircraft, run back and fourth to my office because i though i could control a vehicle (which is a another bug?), and confusion tranversing my base or a adversary's base because i had no map.... But on the bright side this game is awsome, i love the ability to control a walker and just annihilate my foes, goin up to my competitor CEO and shoot him square in the forehead and run out only to look back and see an exploding building, and at least have the thought of fighting alongside my friends as execubots (i forgot the name :P) and perhaps raveging a base to the ground (which it would be nice to do that to the entire base rather than just the office/ HQ."
,Recommended,331500,25269049,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Marcusaralius76,"The game has a lot of strong points, including seamlessly jumping between RTS and FPS, a strong unit roster, and a huge upgrade tree.  It's very fun to play with others, but the AI gets predictable, as it always does in an RTS.I can think of a few changes that need to be made for this game to work.1) the RTS controls are set up so it's incredibly difficult to select individual units, and there is no way to set up troops in a formation.2) the maps are way too big with not nearly enough in them to keep them interesting.  No secondary bases, no fortify-able hills, not even a lot of small interesting locations.  The Dev needs to either make smaller maps, or spend more time playing with the ones he has and add stuff.3) The resource system is messed up by the easily aquireable ability to call in resource meteor strikes at any time, virtually eliminating the need for taking over resource points outside of your base.4) The game has no hotkeys and a UI that needs work.  Want to select all bots on screen?  set a patrol? tell your transports to ferry units?  too bad.  You can select and move your units, and maybe tell them to attack a specific target, but most of it requires micro, which is incredibly difficult with this game.5) No bullet drop!  if you have two lines of tanks, they will fire into each other's backs rather than over, killing half your troops in a single salvo!  For a normal RTS, this is fine, but when you have an FPS element added to the game, it's a big deal.For all it's problems, the game is slowly improving.  I give the dev slack, because it's only one guy, and the game is pretty low cost for what you get, but it still has a long way to go if it's ever going to be great.  If it's on sale, get your friends to buy a few copies too, so you have people to play with.  Support the dev!"
76561198094348380,Recommended,331500,29733849,Posted: 5 February,all,Pastel Faerie,"Wow. This style of game is something that I have always wanted to exist. Executive Assualt is one of the most satisfying RTS's to win because you get to actually take down the commander of the opposing army. The AI aren't the smartest in the world but they are solid! It would be amazing to see this game get the fame it deserves. The ability to have your friends play on your team as individual units is also superrrrr amazing! I do wish there were more maps though... and maybe even a horde mode of some sort. But ye! Overall, this game is freaking awesome as it is."
76561198062950283,Recommended,331500,24535035,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,REVPYROSPITFIRE,fun and dumb just the best rts
,Recommended,331500,32656085,Posted: 22 June,all,BOBRACHA,"Great game,A fun RTS game, a nice concept, & a little character to it.But it's set to be supplanted by it's sequel... So, unless you are impatient and really want to get a taste, I recommend getting it on sale, or simply waiting for said sequel to arrive. It's certainly worth a small sum at least, regardless of it's impending successor. I would recommend anyone intereted to seriously consider purchasing it.Despite my low play time, I have thoroughly enjoyed myself, & expect more enjoyable times to come...There are a few bugs, but I have not found them so bad as they hinder my experience.My only real problem with the game would be the multiplayer, make sure you have some friends to play with. Also, I find that personally, stable connection can be a problem (& the game is not very forgiving of such issues). This issue can be somewhat mitigated if you steer clear of first-person mode. Thankfully for me, I find that crushing bot opponents can be quite entertaining too, (although not quite as entertainting as obliterating human opponents)."
76561198143295008,Recommended,331500,25775811,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,drakeman213,This is one of the best games i have ever played and would like to explain why1: First off just the vibe of this game is so great it combines the sense of The TF2 endless war therory and a fallout/apoccolypse vibe.2: The gameplay itself it really smooth and addicting I nrecomend playing with a friend3: The upgrade system is really cool and it is awsome how you can build from the building itself I really like this game and think it should get more credit than it getsALSO PS dev if you see this i think body gaurd would be a cool upgrade for your executive that are preaty powerful and that could have max upgrades but just an ideaanyways if you read this thanks and good luck on this
76561197973080662,Not Recommended,331500,26232749,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Stenk,"In its current status i don't recommend this game. Optimisation is poor, it crashes and there's a general feeling of unfinished product i was glad to support at first, expecting a better product. A sequel is on its way and a ""promise"" that Executive Assault 1 will be improved.With 25 000 copies sold according to steamdb this is a shame. Here is a short list of 1 (or 2) -man game that did finish their products with promises shaped through patches:- Risk of rain- Teleglitch- Space Pirates & Zombies- Void Destroyer- From the Depths- Hotline Miami...Goodbye Hesketh Studios"
,Recommended,331500,24241465,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,߷James_Mayonnaise߷,This. Game. Is. AWESOME! but you know what this game doesnt have what it needs? NUKES! WE WANT NUKES! WE NEED NUKES! I WANT NUKE MY FRIEND!!!!!!!!!  NUKES FOR EVERYBODY!
76561198080388323,Recommended,331500,33870396,Posted: 28 July,all,yeoldetownecoffee,"Okay, first off...let's address major ""bad"" thing about this game:  The graphics.Yes, the graphics look like something from the mid to late 90s...but you know what:  I DON'T CARE!While the graphics might be limited I would hate to think how much of a memory hog and how hard it would be on my poor computer if it was a High-Res, High Quality graphic game (it would have a much larger price too).  While the graphics aren't the greatest, there is so much more to play with.  The tech tree is expansive and I love being able to switch back and forth from RTS to FPS mode on a unit (reminded me a lot of Battlezone 98).And, of course...MECHS!  YOU CAN MAKE YOUR OWN MECHS....kind of.  Played this game with some friends of mine and we had fun playing ""Run down the CEO"" while he was running for his life after I trashed his compound.Yes, the game does have its issues, the graphics and the maps being large and kind of bare (but you need a lot of room to run your mechs around, so I'm not complaining too much) are the primary problems, but I can overlook that because I and the people I played the game with had too much with this game.Throw in the fact that this game was pretty much the work of just one guy and he is willing to sell it at a reasonable price, I'm not going to complain.  For all its faults, this game was (and still is for those of us who play it) fun and it's a nice game to play after crazy work week and you want to kick back, play a game with your buddies, and talk♥♥♥♥♥♥while you trash their bases.On a side note, I heard rumour of a follow up to this game.  Is this true?"
76561198087359165,Recommended,331500,35220111,Posted: 26 September,all,Badkiller29,"Had this game forever, it's a amazing game really suggest getting it. I tip my hat to you rob.It can be a bit difficult to manage and sometimes hard to find multiplayer games which is a shame but the game itself is worth the money. Would give a 8/10 overall.God bless you reader and I hope you have a good day."
76561198196009541,Recommended,331500,25411460,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,☯Spartanwar118☯,"plays executron with a bot as the actual leader (i wish they had ai executrons...wouldnt make much sense but it would fill an empty gap...)bot researches ABSOLUTLY EVERYTHING BUT THE INFANTRY UPGRADESbot eventually crashes or something and i have to create units myself with the consoles..bot decides to only make crappy unupgraded infantry..still doesnt research them..enemy infantry enters open hall wayforced to fight by myself,constantly dying and respawningdecides ""♥♥♥♥ it"" and turns off reactor cooling of own base♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ chairman ceo decides to walk down and turn on the cooling himselfshot the ceo with crappy gun...we die together in an explosion...12/10 would kill-suicide because of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ceo again"
76561197966164932,Recommended,331500,17607627,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,El_Burro_Diablo,"played this game for 15 mins , heard the alarm,unauthorized lift access,came out the console to see what was going ongot blown away !10/10would recommend this game to anyone ,"
76561198040412298,Recommended,331500,17127029,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,[Baal - Secundus] Heron,"Such a new and interesting genre, i look forward to seeing the full capabilities of what this unique mix of RTS and FPS can do once i've fully explored it."
76561197995518453,Recommended,331500,15078260,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,[32nd Cnr] Maugrim,"When I first saw this game on steam, I believed it would be yet another cheap attempt at a decent RTS game - oh how wrong was I.Executive Assault has all the elements of a great RTS game with a few surprises thrown in, challenges in building your base to be both secure and functional, designing your own units and a vast technology tree to be researched - the first person control just happens to be a wonderful bonus that I have seen done before but rarely done well.As is usual with Early Access, there are bugs to be fixed and some rough edges to be smoothed out but I do think that Executive Assault has the potential to become one of the greatest RTS games on sale - if not then it is at least one of the best games I have played."
76561197982097065,Recommended,331500,24175924,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Kingpwn,Fun game but i would really like to see a Campaign
,Recommended,331500,25674521,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,duruthegn,"I am a very big fan of the game so far, so many times ive thrown my hands up and just laughed while getting destroyed or exclaimed praise at my units when winning...Looking forward to further updates and more ridiculous battles.If you're looking for an early access to support with fps/rts elements, look no further."
76561198034541372,Not Recommended,331500,26098347,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,oppenhiemer,"A good idea - but now well realised. I bought this game becasue I really liked the concept, however - the game is lacking a KEY feature. NO SAVE FEATURE!I am not sure why no one mentioned this in the reviews I read before buying this game, but I think its relavant! I heard someone comment that - the games are so short - you dont need a Save fearure!. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.  I have heard that the author is developing a sequal to this game - so maybe skip this ""unfinished"" attempt. Just make sure if he does release a sequel - that it has at least a save feature included."
,Recommended,331500,22168885,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Rikimaru Parks,Thought I would wait either until it's on sale or an update came out.I couldn't wait....Amazing gameplay.Graphics are decent too.Fills that void for a good RTS/FPS game.7/10 - Maybe a higher score as the game gets updated.
76561198125794239,Recommended,331500,22651566,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Poppy,This game better get more attention.
76561198107246653,Recommended,331500,25501594,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Anotaros,Why doesnt anyone else make a game like this. What the hell EA? What the hell sony? WHAT THE HELL GASPOWERED?!?!?!
,Recommended,331500,23774640,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,welch,">be a ceo>wants to start a grand new conspiracy on this mars-like planet>sees other ceos are doing the same thing>time2war>war isn't going so good>you realize theres four robots in your base>""those are mine right?"">those aren't yours>you can see them on the elevator>you turn around seeing a big red button and push it>you hold a photo of your planet taken away from you>tear falls from cheek>EVERYBODY IS DEAD"
,Recommended,331500,29051347,Posted: 5 January,all,Addude14,"This game is awesome! Every time I used to play Total Annihilation years ago I would say I wished I could control the units and customize troops, and this game does all that and more! Highly recommended."
,Recommended,331500,30396896,Posted: 8 March,all,Malfeasance,The only problem with this game is there arent enough people playing it. Extremely fun unique RTS Highly recommended
,Recommended,331500,24703905,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Quantum Science,"This game is pretty epic! I have been looking for a RTS and FPS mixed game forever and this is the first I have found and played. I think a larger selection of units and techs would be great, also more defense options for the CEO and a better multiplayer server would be much appreciated. The current base size limit for the main non-resource buildings is too small to have a nice defensive setup with walls and gates and everything. Other than those improvements I highly recommend this game and hope the developers keep working at it!"
76561198145150460,Recommended,331500,26080569,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Not Pleb,I love this game because its fun to goof around on with friends and it has a wonderful concept. It's unpolished but it has its own unique charm to it. :)
,Recommended,331500,15737365,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,!LG! Aierroc,"Executive Assault is a unique take on RTS and I don't mean by adding first person shooting through direct control. When you construct a base your expanding your main office so everything stays interconnected. And it has a nice corporate future war atmosphere to it. When you design and queue your robots for construction you can actually see them being assembled within an assembly line.In order for the enemy player to eliminate you he must enter your base get through your interior defenses, take an elevatorup to the ceo's office and kill him. I find these minor details and unique features to create something special.HOWEVER--- CONSThe research tree seems pointless since it doesn't cost resources and you can't queue anything.Limited build space is a bummer..Terrible map designResource availability should be reevaluated.-Early access good potential :)"
76561198071432694,Recommended,331500,20060236,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,LiamJWE,"This game is really fun! So far, I've loved this game. There are so many good things I could say about this game, but I'll stick with a few.The Good:-The Research Tree and Units are expansive and diverse. It's great being able to choose specialties and weapons for particular units.-The Music in this game is pretty good. It also fits in with events that are happening. I especially love the epic song that plays when you build the giant mech.-The FPS side is used less often, obviously. However, it is really fun leading your soldiers into battle. The FPS adds to the scale of the game as well as adds attachment to your army.-Infiltrating bases is another thing I love about this game. It makes you look for weak points in the enemy base. It also makes you really think when planning an attack on the enemy base. You can't just run in and gun it out. It's satisfying when a mission goes successfully- but punishing when it doesn't.-Also, I like how this game has character. Once you start playing the FPS side, you'll notice a lot of humour.The Bad:-The AI can be a bit annoying. Sometimes they'll roll into water and die. Other times, they won't guard an area properly. I'd like to see a bit more options for units.-Computer difficulty. The easisest difficulty is not easy. They're hyper-aggressive and relentless.-The Sounds also need a bit of a change.To sum it up, I love this game. The developer has done an amazing job with the limited resources they have."
76561198007939385,Recommended,331500,15190009,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,ryanbeckey0,"great game, lots of potential and already really fun :) + developer is really active and communicates with you on the forums"
76561198151171732,Recommended,331500,34406386,Posted: 21 August,all,doomguy,some improvments here n there but its ♥♥♥♥ing awsome i love people who make games from scrach as a soul project
76561198159407384,Recommended,331500,34285427,Posted: 16 August,all,[R.B]-harbingerofdeath,vary good game i bought it and did not know if i would like it but i was pleasantly supprised when i started to play. It is a vary  addicting game
,Recommended,331500,23529536,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,littlebear500,Best game.  More people should play.  Would be fun.
76561198006944655,Recommended,331500,30212510,Posted: 26 February,all,arty12345,"Cripple your economy and build a giant skyscraper sized robot, pilot said robot into enemy base and destroy EVERYTHING then just to be a thorn in their side- assasinate their boss with the cheapest droid in first person control. Why am I typing this and not playing this game?........ *fires game up*...... Oh one more thing- The giant robot is pilotted by a martini drinking droid"
76561198036413837,Recommended,331500,34521696,Posted: 26 August,all,lilmoz,its hella fun i would rate- side note tho likes to crash a bit.
76561198049684423,Recommended,331500,30067506,Posted: 20 February,all,Elliott,"This game is a masterpiece, granted it is very ""Alpha"" looking- the graphics are no appeal if that is what you're looking for, but the pure scale and unique style of being able to play as a simple ground unit- wondering the hallways of your base and flying and controlling all the machines- it's wonderful!The game is produced by 1 guy. That's right, this is as indie as you can get. Personally, I find it best if you have a friend, but singleplayer is just as fine. If only as many people played this game in multiplayer it would be 9/10, for now, it rests at an 8. Buy this game in a bundle (you and your friend(s) and you will have loads of fun with it."
76561198056295548,Recommended,331500,20482098,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,The Lone Wanderer,"my freind whos nuts about rts's plays ceo controlling massive armies while i as the might executron am a surgical striking fps bot after intense fighting with the enemy suddenly our airport opens to have a huge flying tricopterd battle ship emerge and a troop transport with a battalion of bots. i jump into a gunship and fly with the transport gaurding it from incoming crafts while my buddy controls a swarm of lightning spitting vtols swarming around the battle ship wiping ground resistance away we make it to th enemy base and land explosions being everywhere but we land a little further away from our target as the enemy had flanked usso my bud pulls out leaving me and the battalion ( 20 orso robots) alone at the base we move in and are ambushed by a sentry turret and multiple gaurds my boys make short work of the gaurds but take heavy casualties on the turret until i pull them back (you can command small amounts of troops as the executron) down the hall. if we couldent kill the enemy ceo we would blow up his reactor killing him. as im moving in the enemy ceo puts a lockdown i n effect and starts sealing blast doors or  building new ones my boys and i make it over a few until were locked in we blast through the door after 30 seconds and keep going its a clear shot to the reactor until. HE TRICKED ME and sealed my boys behind me with an open prebuilt blast door i heard himb uld a turret and slaughter them i was the only one left and had to break down the final reinforced door to get to the console after a while i finally did it and turned off the reactors coolant but i was hopelessly trapped the enemy executron had arrived to turn the coolant back on but wo and behold a single freindly bot survived the turret slaughter andslowed him down enough for 30 seconds to be n the reactor clock he opened the door i gunned down his sidekicks but he got me my last words were ""were all going out in a big ol mushroom cloud mutie SEMPERRRRR FIIIIIII"" AS THE reactor exploded killing everyone and winning us the game 10/10 would be frank horrigan again"
,Recommended,331500,22748693,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Big And Good Boy,"If you love RTS games but you would love to command your games on the ground this is the game for you, This game has many amazing features like ballistic missles,Giant robots,lasers and an a extensive research system so just go and buy it and play with your freind on the multiplayer.If You Want to know whats good and bad about it heres a PROS and CONS chartProsExstensive research treeFunctioning online multiplayerGood explosion effectsAmazing Theme musicRobots everywere shooting lasersFPS control of robotsYou can walk inside your base and go to inside veiwBallistic missles,artillery and orbital strikesGood PlotMany units (Robits,planes,tanks etc)Good Singleplayer AIConsBad graphicsUnity GameSome minor balance issuesLow multiplayer population(If you want to play multiplayer play with freinds or join Executive Assault MP)So why arn't you buying it yet"
,Recommended,331500,14848634,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Code2200,"Very enjoyable! The AI keeps you on your game and will jump on you if given a chance. The units and structures are very nice. Though it is not shy on its bugs; however, this is early access so it is to be expected. I am looking forward to doing a full review when it is released! Keep up the great work!!!!!!"
,Recommended,331500,14843944,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Zee,"Love it so far! It's obvious that alot of time and dedication has gone into this game and I hope to see even more content in the future. The only thing I would like to see made into the game is a bit better controlling, the ability to tell the robots where to go while i'm commanding them, and when I upgrade the robots to move super fast I wish that my robot would do that as well! other then a few minor problems, the game is great!"
,Recommended,331500,14993942,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,The Evil Fat Joker,This game is great! The FPS and RTS is a perfect mix. I do enjoy being able to walk around and admire the inside and out of the base and how you can watch your units get built. By far one of the best games Ive played.
76561198008933883,Recommended,331500,14909631,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,The Imperial Inquisition,I did a video or two of this game and I gotta say I love it!Here is the most popular onehttps://youtu.be/MzsjebuC0H4
76561198148899480,Recommended,331500,34734584,Posted: 4 September,all,nicolaparsons1963,this game is very creative and has lots of touchs that makes it good and for a RTS game its cool
,Recommended,331500,25628710,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Spooky Meawk tc,"One of my favorite games, very fun to play, especially with friends. Its worth the 15 dollars you pay for it."
76561197980795301,Not Recommended,331500,17444430,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Xen0tech,Huge potential let down by a few game breaking flaws. If some of the following cons are addressed I will be sure to update this review. I'm not giving up on this game just yet.Pros- First person mode in an RTS- Lots of variety with research trees- Indie game price- Easy to learnCons- Broken range in first person mode- AI is lacking in key areas- Hard to get multiplayer games- Random resource placement makes some games unfair- Not enough tooltip info to know what does what- Flying in first person mode is unpolished- Basic controls like shift to queue orders are missing
,Recommended,331500,25957840,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Hatty Hattington,Soooo... I don't usual Right reviews but in this case i will this game does not receive the attention it deserves. The game plays well and is balanced. Though one issue is is that the multiplayer matchmaking is a ghost town. This game is a good rts game as well as a good fps. As can be expected from indie games made in unity there are problems but with enough time i believe it can be improved. This game is definitly worth your money and I cant wait until the 2.0 update
,Recommended,331500,26191976,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Ab Hab,It's real good. Play it with your friends because the computers cheat.
,Recommended,331500,24924311,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,gooroo7,"Couple glitches here and there, but overall one of the coolest RTS games I've played.  The game is not very serious, which makes the game a lot more fun.  The whole idea itself is silly.  I mean, you are CEO of a corporation with a goal of taking over a planet.  That's just plain amazing.  Just stinks that no one ever does multiplayer.  :PBtw, do not be detered by the graphics.  Sure, they aren't great, but that is not a big deal at all.  This is really a classic example of that fact that you don't need good graphics to make a good game."
,Recommended,331500,24149960,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Yankee,"This game has a long way to go and for the one man that made it he did a great jobThe game has a few bugs, the AI needs to be tweaked, a more than a few weapons need a nerf but other than those the game is great with the  combination of RTS and FPS and the tech tree, power management and unit caps make the combat very balanced and to anyone who hasn't bought the game I reccomend you do to help out this guy so he can improve the game and he has hinted that he might make more and I would love to see more games made by this guy who seems to have a great mind for creativity"
,Recommended,331500,24094593,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Cornvelious Daniel,"After some time playing around with it, I realized that it's a more modern and slightly scaled back version of the older Warzone 2100. Research, research, upgrades, and more research in leu of a race for who can stall out more time to get their army in full force faster. So much fun all around, just wish there was more of a playerbase to run mp with..."
,Recommended,331500,24122319,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,flyersrock48,"This game is extremely fun and an amazing concept (RTS/FPS). If you like a challenge and want a game that will give a unique experience I highly recoimmend it. There are some minor flaws like the AI being too dificult, not enough upgrades for the CEO ( like armor upgrade and assault rifle upgrade to give a fighting chance against the robot invaders) and narrow hall ways lead some units to just stand around as you storm the oposing base, but these will most likely be fixed in future updates! Awesome game!"
,Recommended,331500,15099974,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Centurion Gaming,This is a fun and enjoyable game even in its early access state. The game offers a unique experience in allowing the player to go from an RTS mode to a FPS mode.pros-fun and unique gameplay-lots of different tech paths to create unique games-base building and unit creation and customisation is easy to do-UI is minimal and allows the player to view all the essentials very quicklycons (at the moment)-fairly laggy at higher graphics settings-the mineral resources are very hard to see-unit variation is fairly small would like to see some different factions-not too many maps-ai is kinda wonky and seems to coninualy run into the other units around it in larger groupsreccomendations-some sort of spy technology to view what opponent is doing-unit hotkeys (they might be in here and im just dumb)-steam workshop integration for map editingOverall this game is fun to play and shows good promise for the future and I look forward to playing more as time goes on.
76561198048466111,Recommended,331500,17189888,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,TGills,"This is one of those ""where do I start"" games for writing a review!! It's not much, but I'm going to start with my first game. The only way to describe it is epic!The match started with me walking around HQ getting a feel for the looks of the game. And enjoying the elevator music... Anyhoo, I soon decided that it was time to start playing the RTS part of the game. I walked over to my computer and logged in. Soon I was on my way to building a base. I had all the basics set up:Power plantRefineriesBot productionEverything was going good so far. I had a steady income. My warbots were being built. It was a good time to be a CEO.Then the fire nation attacked...I was on a large map with three other opponents, and one of my neighbors, Yellow, was attacking. They had sent of two tanks, and a couple bots. In retaliation, I sent all of my warbots over to help defend my iron mine.This is where things got epic.I took control of a bot, and what happened next was amazing. The bot wasn't some sort of supermachine capable of terminating the enemy. I was one in a group of 12. My companion bots were marching next to me in a rhythmic style. You could feel each step. Whoomp. Whoomp. Whoomp. Then we got close enough for the enemy to start firing upon us. They opened up in a blaze of fire. Bullets streaming across the map. My allies death cry's could be heard as they were being cut down. We didn't lose the fight if that's where you thought this was going. While they werefiring at us, we were returning the fire. My warbots, even though they were dying, were fightingas hard as they could. Being down there with them made the hair on the back of my neck raise.Yellow's bots were falling fast and hard. It was the tanks that caused us the most grief. One byone my warbots were falling to the blasts of the enemy, but we prevailed and drove the enemy away.For now.Losing 9 of my warbots from the original group of 12, I knew that I needed better hardware. Thisis when I started to research tanks, and getting better armor for my warbots. Within no time atall, I had produced two tanks with Gatling guns, and some tougher warbots.I was ready for war.The new army that I made was on the march to attack Yellow because they attacked first. I washalfway there when all of a sudden I saw a massive explosion from the yellow base.Green had beaten me to them.Depending on the ratings of this review, I will tell the fate of the three remaining groups:RedGreenMyselfOverall, I think this game is amazing. From my one game, there were a LOT of epic moments thatI feel are only there because I could go into a FPS mode. Basically, how many times have youplayed an RTS where you wish you could be one of your troops in that massive battle? The feelingof finally being able to do this was amazing!! Besides the FPS mode, this game has a lot tooffer. The research system is diverse. Your units are all customizable. Having to worry about theinsides of your buildings adds a new layer to the strategy.This is one of those games that I hope has a very long life.I HIGHLY recommend this game to everybody!!Keep up the good work devs!!**Edit: Formatting issues"
,Recommended,331500,17229005,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Técö Tuésdäy,"Excellant game, lazers everywhere things exploding and I can hop into the action and lead my troops from the front if need be. 10/10"
,Recommended,331500,17122955,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Gonarick,"Really good, its kool being able to customize your units and research better weapons ect (reminds me of Warzone 2100). The FPS part is a really fun and interesting idea that comes to life and works seemlessly.Not the best graphics but ignore that and you have a great game. Everything works well, haven't found any glitches.I feel like the icons for the units could be improved above stickmen though."
76561198072723633,Recommended,331500,17171106,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Downtown23,This game is AWESOME. If you like RTS games with a big scale then you'll love this. Can't wait for the dev to add more stuff.
,Recommended,331500,34982845,Posted: 15 September,all,Texas Toast,"Masterpiece. Absolutely cannot wait for the sequel.I'm gonna be honest though, the most powerful mech is far to overpowered. Just sayin."
,Recommended,331500,19733102,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Jiuri,"Really awesome game, been looking for a game like this for many years a good RTS/FPS Hybrid. :)"
76561198033248600,Recommended,331500,20060628,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Starwolf,"My first ever review,Cant believe the price on this best game ive played in ages.This game, its blance, its concepts, everything about it is beautiful. This is what an RTS is supposed to be PLUS the fps side is an awesome idea great for doing the hardwork when ur outnumbered and outgunned or those pesky aircraft!!To the designer and publisher:dont let this end here i would love to see you make Executive Assault 2. Get financed by a big company but make sure your in charge of all decisions on design and concepts. Nothing needs to be changed the way it is now except for a few buggy bits here and there, only thing i would like to see is more unique content (factions/races/alien race?), more units, more maps with up to 8 player and bigger maps.Really like the feature where u can have other players play as ur executive bots awesome concept except unfortunately theres noone online at least not here in australia. Amazing."
,Recommended,331500,19814233,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Toumal,"Ok so this is not the most polished of games, there are quite a few balancing issues, the controls can feel clunky at times and there's some serious performance issues.BUT, there is that certain spark of fun in this game, a spark that you only get if a game was designed by a guy with a certain vision in mind, instead of by a design comittee. There's some seriously overpowered superweapons in this game that you would never see in a bit AAA title because everything has to be homogenized to death. Not so in this game.Oh and it's an RTS/FPS/Flight/Mech game hybrid. So you know, that's cool.I give this one a thumbs up, even though the  updates have slowed down a little lately. Here's hoping they get more frequent again."
76561197970860897,Recommended,331500,22786694,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Custer701,"This is an Indie Gem that's all kinds of fun!...This Guy,  Rob deserves to have this be a much bigger situation.  Brilliant Idea...interesting graphical style and those old time favorites...MECHS!"
,Recommended,331500,22620823,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,The Rekt One,"I don't really understand why this game isn't the biggest hit on steam right now. It combines two of my (and many others) favorite genres:- Real Time Strategy- First Person ShootersThe very unique aspect that you can control your units, and experience the fight on a new dimension, as well as the many ways you can set up your base and infiltrate the enemy's base, adds a lot of replay value. These combined aspects made the game for me.I also feel that there is no fluff in this game, there is everything in the game that needs to be, and nothing more.The framerate gets choppy when you are beamed down into units, but thats the only gripe I can find with this game.If you like base building, FPS, and RTS games, do yourself a favor and buy this game."
,Recommended,331500,25917316,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,CX-SPC-2448 Impact [104th - WP],"-first game-Gets a friend into the gameHe starts reserching tanks right away thinking he is all smart.i start with walkers, and he gets a little afraid and is like ""OH WAIT I HAVE DIS"" and sends out the most ""powerful"" tank in the gamei put down a radar, he goes ""What are you gona send some sort of radar unit to atack me?!""i have this huge smerk on my face, ""Nah its just so i can see where you are""i upgrade the super laserhe sends out a huge wave of top teir tanksim all........""K""*Fires space beam and friend starts freaking the ♥♥♥♥ out*i send in my walkershe kills them all with his defencesi get the goliathFriend panics again saying ""OH ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥!""i use the beam again and send the goliath after himi send about like 30 normal units into his base and then finish him off-2nd game-i reserch aircraft right awayand he tries to reserch to goliathi send like 40 units into my HQand then waithe sends a full army into my base while i waithe sends like 10 units into my HQ while i use the other elevator after setting the self-distruct to my base he finds out what that alarm is the hard way.i run to his base and run up to him and i kill himFriend rages101/100 whould ♥♥♥♥ over my friend again"
76561198055685084,Recommended,331500,17107453,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Owl,"Right now the game is a little rough, but honestly is doesn't really matter. A metric ton of content is packed into this game, and thats without a campaign! Once this game gets all its features woking, like a minimap, I don't think I'll stop playing :)"
,Recommended,331500,17109281,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Siscoprofit,"This is a solid Early release and has huge potential.The devs need to tighten a lot of the elements but the fun is there and the game is a blast with friends. So great to build an RTS army and focus on robots/tanks/planes and then take over a front line troop to focus on a particular element.I think it is worth the money and with support and more time to refine the game this could be one of the best RTS hybrid titles on the market. Clearly made by a team that loves the genre and is trying to do something fun and entertaining.Only cons I found- Stability seems to be an issue on some systems- Multiplayer is a bit spotty, we had to restart the game between matchs.- Multiplayer crashed maybe 1/4 games.- Selecting units is painfully hard at times, the selection range (where you click to attack a specific enemy or select one) is so bloody small it had me cursing.- No attack move?- No groups which is a huge oversight.All these items are nothing in compared to how fun it is when robots charge your office and you have to activate your desk shield, get your robot body guards to swarm, and fight with your hand gun from behind your desk."
,Recommended,331500,30346058,Posted: 5 March,all,Triton Nxva,This is one of those game that would have given me great memories as a kid I've always love those little hidden secerts and glitches in games that made them super fun and I've always played RTS' (mostly C&C) and they've always made me thing what it would be like to be one of the troops one game that i really loved for the cross between First Person and RTS view was Zoo Tycoon 2 i loved building and then walking around in the park and see ing my animals and attractions. So although i was debating for so long if I should get this game im really glad i did and anyone really young here with wide imagination you will most likely be in love with this game and it'll give you a lot of memories.
,Recommended,331500,17557233,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,An Apple and Orangutan,"Played as the EB games corporation and dominated many planets. Created tons of copies of Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare.But really, this game is awesome! In my opinion, this is one of the best (and only) rts/fps games since Battlezone 2. Great game, with some humor. The graphics are a little dated, but it IS an early access game made by one guy. Great game to play with friends, I would highly recommend it to anyone that likes shooters OR rts games. I even got my brother, who despises the RTS genre to play this game! He loves it!8.5/10 almost as good as shrek 2Note: I really can't endorse this game enough, I definitely would recommend a purchase, and the developer is a great guy, who is actually working on the game, unlike most early access devs."
,Recommended,331500,20830728,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,DJ Wick Wack,"THIS IS A GREAT GAME! Let me say that the idea of it is just great Im a big fan of RTS and was always like ""I wish I could be in the action too"". This game is great for the price i hope in the furture there would be more upgrades to tanks cause armor core FTW. But if you got 13 buck dont hestaite to grab this. Good job devs you have made a MASTER PIECE!"
,Recommended,331500,20591142,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,negativenull,i'm terrible at words but this game is fun
76561198081399698,Recommended,331500,32369929,Posted: 12 June,all,cheese boy,"I have put nearly 200 hours into this game now. and can still come back to it! Hour/ Price= well worth the investment for me.The came is original, challenging and very fun. Well worth the price if you are looking to invest in a game that requires a little bit of tenacity. Would not recomend if you are not wanting to be challenged. There is a lot of cool features in this game, most of which are showcased in the trailer; each is just as awsome as it appears.While the A.I. is not state of the art, you will have to adapt to the game's mechanics, which is very rewarding once you can beat the A.I. on the hardest difficulty. From there, you can attempt to take on multiple A.I. at once, which can result in challenging games lasting well over 90 minutes.The Game's shortcomings include some balancing issues and relatively inadequate online servers (I have never had problems playig with friends, but have never had luck with random matchups). However, I feel that there is plenty of fun to be had in single player mode. The game also has sandbox-like qualities that can also keep you intertained for some time."
76561198038645743,Recommended,331500,25720820,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,chaos serpant,I was skeptical bc of the graphics and indie status  but it is fun to play bc of the content and has various levels of difficulty. if you like command and conquer or supreme commander you will probably like this. worth the purchase
,Recommended,331500,20745717,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,homelessturret,"Too underated, i think more people should play this, this is also the first ever part RTS part FPS game i have ever played"
76561198063748184,Recommended,331500,17903013,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,FisterRoboto,"No BS, just an honest, good game"
76561198127971409,Recommended,331500,17259539,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,ChewbaccaSaurusRex,When i orginally voted for this game on greenlight i wasnt sure if it would live up to the hype that it had well it lived up to the hype this game is a new idea in the rts genre that implements fps modes into the game wich makes the game super fun and enjoyable and gives a differnt perspective on combat and the size of the buildings and machines would i say that the game could use some gfx inprovements yes but the core gameplay is great as is and is being added onto wich is great. Final statement would i say the game is worth the $13.00. Yes i would pay 20 or 30 for it in my opinion the ammount of gameplay you will get out of this game for 13 bucks is insane if you are still reading this i would go pick up the game if you liked any of these facts.
76561198119676949,Recommended,331500,17650739,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Swigester,i muda funkin love this game....                                                                                  also i would really love destructble bases that would we the best thing..... thank you for making this game... its awsome
76561198065337413,Recommended,331500,18361417,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Captin Anal Avenger,great game but needs:*a workshop*better icons for units*graphics updates*more maps and larger maps*bug fixesi hope that this game continues its updates it is highly addictive and is one of a kind. right now in 2015 its equivalent to playing age of empires or age of myth. i would give this a 9/10 because it is so differnet from anything else and can keep me playing for hours.
76561198141693147,Recommended,331500,17251670,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Grembign,"i don't think this game needs a very in depth review. i was impressed of how much effort went into this game, you can watch your robots get built, infiltrate bases, make giant mechs, and thats just some of the things you can do in this game. I think it can only get better from here with new patches coming out frequently it just gets better and better. I rate it a 8.5/10 but you really have to buy the game to see how great it is."
76561198254241603,Recommended,331500,25030326,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Supernic64,This game is great and it still getting upates every now and then. If you have not got it already you should consider getting it.
76561198271361391,Recommended,331500,21027399,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Nogger-Black,this is thhe game i have been wating for in 4 years i have always wanted a game like this. why? because you can make you own units and then go to first person and control that tank or soldier its perfect but the graphic okay but really good if you compare with the budget i really recomend this game and thank you developers/developer for this game
76561198050183707,Recommended,331500,28529594,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Nuggets,"This game is one of the best RTS i have ever played, and it is very stimulating to kill the enemy CEO yourself or setting up his power plant to explode without him realising until its too late.I rate this game 9.5/10"
,Recommended,331500,17559984,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,bnjmn,"Executive Assault, a well thought out and cleverly designed indie game, is one of the ""diamonds in the rough"". Executive Assault is one of my favorites on Steam, and my favorite RTS by far. Although the game doesnt have a huge player base due to its early development state and lack of media attention, it has incredible potential for a massive, devoted, creative playerbase.""What is it?"":Executive Assault is an FPS/RTS conversion with a 2-4 player match mode. The player researches ""Techs"" which allow him/her to build new buildings, upgrade their units, and create new units. The goal of each match is to kill the opposing team's CEO. The CEO is located at the center of a players base, making it difficult to get to him if the defending player is smart.Pros:-The game has a passionate and driven developer-Executive Assault has a well thought out energy balance system-Well planned tech tree-Near endless military compositions/strategies-Fun with or without friends-Draws the player in/captivationCons:-Not fully developed yet-Potential for more variety/even more techs + maps""Why should I buy it?/Conclusion"":All in all, Executive Assault is a fun rts/fps with a very well balanced game for alpha thus far. Executive Assault has a very well thought out system and surprisingly detailed world. Executive Assault raises the bar for not only Indie games, but the RTS genre as well.2016 Steam award nomination for best RTS/FPS hybrid (by me)"
76561198159163430,Recommended,331500,24926103,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Madison Phoenix,"A perfect blend between FPS and RTS, and has a lot going for it. However certain parts still play like a WIP. The AI could use an overhaul, as far as I can tell they all play the same style. After the difficult begining rush it kind of mellows out a bit too much until they begin using artillery. AI needs to be balanced and altered so the individuals have different play styles, maybe different prefered units and prefered weapon combinations? Never seen an AI use a ballistic weapon for that matter and the cannon is a beautiful weapon when the reload gets upgraded.However, in multiplayer where the AI is no issue, I actually really enjoy the game. The only problem is getting enough players to have at least 1-2 executrons per team to really make it interesting."
76561198146528338,Recommended,331500,26060720,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,DecafTurnip,"Great game, but needs longer construction times, especially on artillery as well as increased damage on trion cannon for tanks and aircraft because the infantry is stronger there, finally a better minimap with possibly a FOV?"
,Recommended,331500,22465769,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Scud,is good game
,Recommended,331500,22620742,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,fishzguppy,A very neat game and a must play for anyone who likes games that are rts AND fps. Im suprised that more people have not bought this game as its very much worth the money in my opinion. Its very cool to be able to build your base then see how it looks through the eyes of one of your troops. 8/10
,Not Recommended,331500,31757495,Posted: 14 May,all,Legit228,"Don't get me wrong, this could have been a fun game.....if the game actually had more work put into it by the developer. In its current state of being, I would not reccommend it for the full price of $12.99. Yet it will likely never go on a sale since the developer has moved on to making the next game instead of making crucial updates for this game.Just spend your money somewhere else, it will be a better use for it."
76561198272255425,Not Recommended,331500,31730711,Posted: 13 May,all,TheHappyTorpedo,"A game that has a good concept and could of been something greater, but this game is uncomplete and dead.Pro's -- Decent RTS Gameplay- Expansive Tech Tree- Ability to take control of your soldiers in a FPS fashion- Customisation of your soldiers is quite openCon's -- No campaign or other goal apart from destroying the enemy base- Multiplayer that has few people active on it with most being private, and with little public matches, mutliplayer without any friends becomes near impossible- Game seems to be incomplete- Singeplayer becomes repetitive and quickly boringAnyways, I suggest to not buy this game, it seems incomplete and it needs tweaking first, though I have heard of a second installment being released soon. I would say that it's worth the £10, since it's the game is half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but still decent overall. 4/10Also yeah, i'd like a refund for this game. Thanks."
,Recommended,331500,16507114,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Jhon the Jhon,Gudo
,Recommended,331500,17116547,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,masterhawk360,"1 person who is on a tight budget has achieved what AAA companies have been unable to do for the last few years, an rts that's actualy good.While it needs alot of polish, this game has incredible potential and is something that I can actually see myself coming back for more."
,Recommended,331500,17133563,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Strider,"Although a bit unpolished for a full release, it reminds of of what I really wanted out of Total Annihilation.  No, it's not perfect - but there's nothing like being able to shoot an enemy structure from half way across the map because you're controlling the unit.Also, to be able to see the things you've built from a first person perspective is shockingly awesome.I dig this game's style - alot.  I look forward to seeing RTS games like this grow and evolve."
,Recommended,331500,17134823,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,SHBA-Bard,"I only recently bought this game but from what I have played, it's fantastic. The blend of RTS and First-person makes this game even better and that much more unique, however, sometimes it can be easy to forget the first-person mode as it is only a little button in the bottom left corner of the screen.The main problem I have with this game is a lack of maps and that there are no indicators on crystals (the things you need to strengthen your economy). Other than those two things this game is great and a must-buy for RTS fans. That is...if you don't mind the graphics."
,Recommended,331500,17141057,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,EremitaNovem,You know there's something wonderfully wrong when a ground infantry unit takes off into the air like a rocket. <3 Unity.10/10 would fly again
76561198161065552,Recommended,331500,17175686,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Rainshot,"Great game. I love the direct control, its been done before but Executive Assault does it better than many I know. The graphics and music are good, the gameplay is great, and I cant wait to see new features being added to it (especially the goldfish)."
76561197991879137,Recommended,331500,17176889,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Geardown,Grab a robot in direct control go up the elevator and kill your own CEOBEST GAME EVER !!
76561198156804943,Recommended,331500,17180634,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,batty.man,"This game is great and the way the game plays is a blast, I just have a few comments for creater. Hacker bots can go through all doors, and if they decide to sabatage your power plant there is nothing you can do to reverse it. Even if you use a hackerbot to try and turn cooling back on it wont work. would like to see this fixed becuase it is very unfair if someone gets your power and you cant do much to anything about it. Other than that i love the game and its worth the 10 dollars. We need to support map makers like this one coming out with more innovative games than big gaming companies are. 4 our of 5( would be 5 out of 5 but hackerbots being basically invulerable and op takes that last star). Would like to see this game with no bugs, keep up the good work :D"
,Recommended,331500,16579672,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Atlas,Loving the game. it's like a dream came true. Just wish they added more maps! Besides that amazing game!
,Recommended,331500,16669055,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,KoopaTroopa,This Game Is Very Good Graphics are ok but they said they will improve that they also have added Ai Wars and that But i suggest waiting until its like $10s or even cheapers it not worth it at the moment and the devs team is small so updates are that fast and frequent but saying that the updates are awesome
,Recommended,331500,17100013,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Valco82,Besides the lackluster design the idea behind this game is truely awesome and the controls are very smooth. I expect playing this game with a few friend would be fantastic fun and never the same since you can take control of any unit!
76561198046076190,Recommended,331500,17103148,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,benterud1331,Excellent game! 5 Stars!
76561198027449157,Recommended,331500,17103236,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,The Blind Idiot God,"This game is very fun. I love being able to switch from commanding troops to first person. The game is easy to understand but is still very challanging. I played for a few hours and had 2 crashed, which sucked, so I hope that gets patched. I also would like to see new modes and factions... and bigger robots."
76561198123627332,Recommended,331500,17130007,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Doot Doot,"i bet right now you just watched the trailer for this game and you're thinking ""this is too good to be true"" so you've scrolled down here for a looksee at someone elses opinion wellthe game is amazingend of review8/10"
,Recommended,331500,17134719,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,ToTheMax,Rough around the edges but much better then most early access games out there now. Some bugs here and there but not really game breaking. Im really excited to see where this goes!
,Recommended,331500,17146658,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Disregard For Gravity,"Ok first off, when I looked at this game I didn't think any of it.One day I wanted to buy something, looked at this game, and then watched the video.....My childhood came back like a Ion cannon hitting Liquid Tiberium. I was like ""This is BattleZone 3!!!!"" If you don't know what I'm taking about look up BattleZone 2(on google). It has the same feel and looks to this game. The one diffence is you can't fly in Bz2, where you can here.Pros:Very well balance game playVery few bugsCons: There maybe more then Pros but over all this is a great game.Crashes in multiplayerLow amount of unitsRunnes off of Unity(I've heard some bad things)The base is set to X amount of spaceSmall maps.If I might add it would be nice to have a one base setup, What I mean is, one commander rest are troops. I love base building but my friend does not. if this was the case you could have more players on the map, 2-8 more or less. But overall this is well worth 12$"
,Recommended,331500,17192247,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Aric The Mad Doktor,"Pretty Nice game, been looking forward to playing it since I came across it on moddb, really nice price for what you get, the  rts/over head view isn't quite as nice looking as the first person gameplay, and from my game play so far I've been able to take control over everything except the transport, building up a good defense then watching battles play out in first person has been pretty fun as well, ai works pretty good as of right now, had the easy ai opponent stop working after a bit, but Dawn of War soulstorm has the same problem, believe it has something to do with taking to long with battles."
76561198083688134,Recommended,331500,17216641,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Big Citrus,"This game is great for its price. It has a Age of Empires/Stronghold Legends feel with futuristic twist. What sets this apart from other RTS games is that you can chose any unit and control them first person. Multiplayer works great and it is very satisfying to destroy your friends. The game gets updated a lot and there isn't any game breaking bugs. Expect new features and bugs getting smoothed out often. If you like games like AOE, you need this game. the 12$ now is a steal for a game this good."
76561198036533143,Recommended,331500,15697286,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Hjv,"I haven't played much yet, but I know that if the dev is going to listen to the community this game would be extremely good."
76561197979353957,Recommended,331500,17105733,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Velrisias,its something new to bad no campaign and the tutorial is so soft but the wiki can help all and all worth its 10 bucks
76561198014698474,Recommended,331500,17143718,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Kappadocia,"This is a fun game.  The documentation and wiki are pretty scarce at the moment, but the developer is active and asking for commuity help/feedback.It's an RTS like Starcraft, stripped down a bit on the UI and other bells and whistles, but allows you FPS command of any unit.My recommendation?  Get the light Invigilator Tank, I mean....50 of them, and sic em on the enemy base from 2-3 fronts while a unit of infantry sits on a good vantage point.  Take control of one of the bots and watch your massive walkers trudge  through and destroy the base defenses.And with every blown up pylon, say ""I love the smell of charged mass rifles in the morning."""
76561197970342576,Recommended,331500,17148221,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,jim_nihilist,"It's still a little bit rough around the edges, but on the other hand incredibly polished for a small and really affordable Indiegame (yes I know these are opposites, but buy and play it and you will see what I mean). There are so many games that really don't come out of  the box. but this game delivers in spades.Well done or in other words AWESOME GAME!PS: It's seldom but this is a game, where it is more fun losing than winning. Failing IS hilarious. You've been warned."
,Recommended,331500,17150759,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,RagnabroK,"A game that delivers, but not without quirks.Great - RTS, with FPS at any time, on any mobile unit. Interesting and different mechanics to other RTS, with the base only damagable by sabotage. Base buildings need to be interconnected, and have internal defenses to intruders.  Units have all customizable loadouts.Not so great - Weapons seem to not have any range restrictions, equip a tank with the best anything, destroy anything you can see. There is a race for reactor and research crystals, with limited supplies scattered randomly on the maps. Whomover gets the most first is almost assured a victory."
,Recommended,331500,17163569,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,realtomjones,"Absolutely the most fun I have had in a while, 10/10 give this a shot."
76561198077575254,Recommended,331500,17163750,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Sir Colten,Very fun in its current state. Does need more work though.Pros: RTS and FPS actionEasy to learnTons of tech to researchBattling inside your baseCustom flagsCons: Ok graphicsNo naval unitsSome bugsCan kill teammate
,Recommended,331500,17117279,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Silenttelecast,"AMAZING GAME, MADE BY ONLY 1 PERSON!!!!! I LOVE THIS GAME, its amzing"
76561198123371159,Recommended,331500,17119820,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Yams,It would be good as if we could save and keep on playing later like a futuristic mount and blade.
76561198057498211,Recommended,331500,17127448,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,TheOriginalEcho45,"The game has a lot of potential. The AI needs tweaking as from what I've seen they research nothing at all, which leads to the player becoming OP at some stages, they also start off with every basic research (Tanks, aircraft and lazers.) I really like this game but it needs a few more tweaks."
76561198054036140,Recommended,331500,17148063,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Blood Washed,All i can say is that im hooked!!. Its really sweet to transtion from rts to fps at will. This game has awesome potencial
,Recommended,331500,17150619,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,jcv8000,"Aside from a few bugs or graphical errors (huge blooms), this game is very fun. I especially liked at the end, surrounding the enemy's base and leading a squad of robots into the base and taking out the CEO.The game did crash for me 2 time (first was on ""My eyes"" graphics and second was on either ""Superb"" or ""Good"") but after switching the graphics level to ""Basic"" it no longer crashed."
,Recommended,331500,17171524,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Haakonsson,THIS GAME IS EPIC YOU BUILD A BASE WALK AROUND CONTROL ROBOT KILL STUFF SHOOT EXPLOSIVE LASER AND RULE PLANET SOOOOOO COOL THIS NEEDS TO BE A 5 STAR GAME BECUSE ITS THW BEST GAME I HAVE EVER SEEN
,Recommended,331500,17185816,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,___,"This game finally allows me to live out my childhood dream, I have always wanted to join my robot army in Total annihilation and always wanted to fire in the front lines of Age of empires 3! This game has a good RTS base with the added and unique bonus of joining your troops. I recommend it.8/10 (it can be better)"
76561198093138485,Recommended,331500,16902594,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,CryptoTech107,"This game is quite fun. it is a little laggy though (at least for me) but if you can live with it this is a game most people should have in there collection especialy if they call themselfs RTS fans. I love switching between RTS and FPS in this game, it is very smooth and well designed."
76561198095299864,Recommended,331500,17118206,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,The Bane of Your Asshole,A RTS and FPS mix its very fun and addictive my only problem is you cant upgrade the ceos gun or give him an armored suit and with how weak he is i dont see the point of him having a gun
,Recommended,331500,17129242,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,randommonicle,"Ok first thing first, this game is good fun, and has great potential.However it is not (i hope) complete.Reminds me a lot of the old battlezone game. Great fun to play in its current state. However a few things that need improvment.The AI could do with a boost, units often get stuck in places. It needs more maps, and the voice acting really really has to be improved. While what the robots say when they die is pretty funny, it does sound like it was recorded by the dev in his bedroom.I will however reccomend this game. It is a nice divergence from regular rts games, with enough quirks to keep you playing for a while."
76561198155497412,Recommended,331500,17228346,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Relins,I love this game there is so much more that you could add to this game like campains but its brill good on you for being abal to make a brill game thanks mate
76561198321197914,Recommended,331500,35213578,Posted: 25 September,all,EPR,Super fun rts and fps combo!
,Recommended,331500,35011447,Posted: 16 September,all,Confixil,"Got this game just in time. Went up to $12.99. Great game though, good for duking it out with the boys."
76561198022295649,Recommended,331500,35245277,Posted: 27 September,all,Zero Enna,"It's an awesome little game, I've been looking for an RTS-game where you can control units directly for years and this gem just gives you exactly this. Build a bunch of units, send them to their destination, choose one to control directly and enjoy the fun on the battlefield from your cockpit, bridge or drone-body, snipe hostile units and witness the scale of the machines from a different, breathtaking angle.Warning: this game is not for you if you're only caring for graphics!"
76561198079406786,Recommended,331500,21426608,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,TOWER-1,"Now, i found a new awesome game to play with friends. If you like strategie games, you have to play this :D"
14341232423213112,Recommended,331500,20244679,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Terrorzwerg,"forget doors in my base, ceo has been neutralised"
,Recommended,331500,20815059,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Krysis,"Brilliant, Ignore the unpolished parts of this game and you'll see a real gem.RTS mode is top notch and intergrated perfectly with the First person mode, As in nothing is changed like models ect just the view point.Pros:-Not overly-complicated online set-ups.-ExecuTrons for the more FPS focused players.-Multiple research branches so impossible to know the other person's plan.(Add's intensity)-Cool as ♥♥♥♥ and appropriate music, Feels like a movie sometimes.Cons:-Bot limit is only 50 at start, Feels too small.-First-Person mode feels claustrophobic, Controls are sometimes in-accurate.-Sometime's don't hear alarms when an enemy iniates the self-destruct sequence when in RTS mode.-RTS mode's camera is controlled with WASD, Not mouse like common RTS', And a lot harder to control.-Online matches will sometimes crash randomly for a player.Don't take this as me saying this is a terrible game, It's a fricken awesome game.Although don't expect much uniquity from a game in the early stages of development, But i'm sure if the same steady pace of effort is put into this and more support is gained it will be sure to become something phenomenal.P.S: Me and a few players actually started a Pro team becuase of how fun it is."
,Recommended,331500,19640211,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,ThatOneJuicyOrange_,"Executive Assault is a RTS (Real time stragey). Unlike most RTS games, Executive Assault has a FPS (First Person Shooter) mode where you can take control of your robots without leaving your comfy CEO chair. In FPS mode you track your enemys (even through walls) with a red square being placed around them. It is better then just commanding and leaving your robots to shoot down your rivals because in FPS mode, you can see as far as the eye can see (well the whole map if theres nothing blocking your view.) The robots in normal mode will only shoot things near them that they can see (this also depends on the weapons that they are using). In FPS your weapons do have a range limit but you can actually shoot further. You can command any nearby troops by pressing F (Follow) or G (Guard) in FPS mode.There are many differnt ways you can play this game. You could play against AI or real people. You could play 1v1 1v2 1v3 1v4 2v2. Multiplayer makes any game much more fun by having differnt people have differnt stratergies and some people will be easier to destroy as they have had less game time. Some people will be tryhards and murder everything in there path.There are ways that you can shoot giant green lasers shoot your enemys down or make meteors fall and give you reasources. You can create hackerbots to break into enemys bases and open all the doors without having to shoot them down which takes forever. You can make turrets, towers, walls, bunkers and there is probably much more coming to this game.The tech tree is very neat and split up into differnt tabs on a wheel. Sections like Units allows you to upgrade or create new units. Energy, Ballistic and Trion weapons allows you to create and upgrade your weapons for your units. Structures allows you to reasearch radars (which eventually lead to giant green death laser) and a reaseach facility (where you can pick up iron from meteor strikes and bring them back).  You can also customise your units by pretty much choosing a shell, weapon and ability for the unit. Theres mechs, infantry robots, tanks, more tanks, more mechs, planes, more planes, and of course a jeep.GraphicsExecutive assault supports a reasolution up to 1980x1020 (i think). The graphics arent the best i have seen but this game is made by a single man! The maps look slightly man made and could use a bit of natureisation (not a word but meh) The terrain seems too flat and you cant climb the mountains that some of the maps have. The units could use a bit more detail and the overlay is confusing and ugly. (but the graphics dont make up the whole game right?)Pros and ConsPros:Not to much of a priceUpdates flowing through frequentlyVery nice conceptMultiplayer!!TacticsLots of tech upgradesQuite a few unitsLots of buildingsMany ways to win/lose (Stupid rouge robots)Cons:Graphics are not the best i have ever seen.Not enough weapons or units.Overall Rating 8.5/10Improvemts that should be added!!!!:Biological troops or animalsMore terrain and bigger mapsLonger gamesTroops:JetsSoldiers/Infantry (Biological)Weapons:Flamethrowers (BECAUSE FIRE)Plasma weapon things??Melee weaponsThank You!!"
76561198079337320,Recommended,331500,18726410,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Kill'Em,"I like how you can build loads of robots and control them to destroy your enemies, and researching technologies that give you the ability to discover high tiered robots.However, I really hate controlling the air vehicles (except for air cruisers), and i'm asking if the dev(s) can make the air vehicles easier to control in the future.Overall, I love this game and I can't wait for future updates :D"
76561198127418789,Recommended,331500,19589434,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,armordonio,Its a gem hidden amongst many bad indie games.RTS and First Person Shooter. This game brings them perfectly together.
,Recommended,331500,18922500,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Clades King of Spades,"Don't buy it. Kidding, buy it...now...why aren't you clicking (add to cart)? Do it...."
,Recommended,331500,17497568,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Captain K'nuckles,"This is my first review, so please don't hate.I seriously love this game and I think there's a lot of potential to it. The concept you read in the other hundreds of reviews is really cool; HOWEVER, it has still some way to go to be a truly enjoyable game. Do not misunderstand, I truly love it as it is, but I know I can love it even more if some of these little thingies get fixed, which I am sure they will, because the dev actually gives a damn. Not like...  You know who.Things like I am into a match for several hours and there is no save game function. Which is all right now as I like to play for hours continously, but it can get really fustrating when it freezes and there is absolotely no way of getting your play back.I don't know if others had the same issue or not, but there are times when I am not able to select my units for some reason. Mouse is working fine and I can play just fine, but there are times when I can't select them. I have to go first person on a robot or be in CEO mode and get back again to RTS mode to be able to select them. Weird.There are small bugs here and there and there is no reason to complain about those as we get those from 70 dollar games as well with hundreds of staff that worked years on them.I really hope this game will get tons of stuff added to it and I am looking forward for those improvements.BY THE WAY, Can someone please help me get the OST of this game? I love it so much, There are times I think I just wanna pause the game and listen to it, layed back and eyes closed.I know this ain't a good review but better than it's ok - IGN 10/10However as it sits:7/10It will be 9 or 10/10 as those fixes and patches are coming out."
76561198028976981,Recommended,331500,22086510,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,CalvinTheBarber,"What a brilliant game! The graphics are not amazingly good (although that might just be my laptop requiring it on a lower level) but the gameplay is brilliant. From direct control of units you have designed and customised, to a well engineered base building system accompanied by an extensive tech tree, who could ask for more? I hope that there will be updates to it but each time I play I find new things to do and new strategies to try so I don't think I will be getting bored anytime soon.I would certainly recommend buying this game, you will enjoy it... even if I do die a lot because it can be difficult!"
,Recommended,331500,29669345,Posted: 3 February,all,Warcello,Best/New Game i´ve Played Yet Pls Continue Working on it i know there is a sequel coming with space n stuff but pls can you continue this i will Fund this project with everything i have Firestorm_One Contact me if you want something
76561198130213740,Recommended,331500,24094426,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Cpt SPETSNEZ,Really good game only one problem the game crashes every 20-30 mins please fix and try out the game is worth the money
76561198268809974,Recommended,331500,30518979,Posted: 14 March,all,ethan76766,"Game is okay and the concept is amazing. However it could use some work. I agree allowing you to create groups for units would be helpful. Maybe easier controls to set up patrols (Maybe even allow the ""Commander"" to create the patrol path a droid can take). I also think first person needs a lot of work and the flight controls are janky at times and terrible at others.I truly truly wish there was a way to contact the Dev. The game is fine, the concept is superb, but the minor things are holding it back. No iron sights on guns? No HUD for droids, even if cosmetic only it would be a great addition. Speed for moving your weapon was (If i remember correctly) really strange when starting out.The graphics arent fantastic but I dont have any issue with them. I just think UI could be tweaked and a few visual splatches. Hell I was hoping even a modder would pick it up and fix it.Oh and also the doors to enemy bases reappear after i destroy them cutting my army off after a few feet in room to room. Very annoying. Fix these and I'd say 10/10. But for now it's simply an ""eh"" game. Fun and great to waste time but a little repetitive when I'm locked out from killing the enemy commander for twenty minutes and my base became so OP at defending it started I sent out hunter-killer teams to cut off all power stations to the enemy base while my Army surrounded the AI and cut off all reinforcements spawning in."
76561198254201802,Recommended,331500,30438697,Posted: 10 March,all,Cosmic Crap,"Although I just got this game it is insanely fun. The FPS factor makes the game ten times better then most other RTS games. Also, when fighting in FPS mode, I feel like I'm in a robot vietnam war. One thing that bugs me quite a bit is the flight in FPS mode. Another thing that bothers me is the lack of servers. It seems as if nobody plays online, or atleast that's what I see when I'm searching for a server."
76561198044433888,Recommended,331500,32852422,Posted: 27 June,all,☢☠ꞨᴓʅΔiƏᏒ905☠☢,"If your a RTS player you may have played alot of games but have all similar RTS feel from top down , Well this has that too but also has a First person mode kinda where you can actually control your units in game making them more effective . This is one of those games that shouldnt be passed up if your into RTS"
76561198092621649,Recommended,331500,34467696,Posted: 24 August,all,Nanomerce,"Unbalanced AF, just as fun as it is unbalanced 10/10"
,Recommended,331500,31263579,Posted: 20 April,all,elfoxy,"Very fun game, amazing that this was developed by just one guy. My one critique would be that going first person doesn't serve much practical use during gameplay as cool as it is."
76561198031900163,Recommended,331500,32369992,Posted: 12 June,all,Puppet,"RTS and a first person shooter, this took the contents of Battle Zone ""another rts, first person shooter"" and amplified the liveing hell out of it."
76561198006181094,Recommended,331500,22112353,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,karl_meers,"GREAT game, cool mix of FPS AND RTS, the game has a unic way to win, and because of this creates a holl new way to bring the game back where other games at that point would be game over. for its price its werth a go. plus taking control of heavy walkers and planes in fab,"
76561198149973561,Recommended,331500,23768647,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,A Manhunter,7/10 would be better if i had freinds to play it with
76561198119489036,Recommended,331500,29960894,Posted: 16 February,all,karl franz,Imagine Total War mixed with the likes of Halo except you can move like a ninjaHoly hell this game is amazing special thanks to Microsoft for buying me it
76561198047443339,Recommended,331500,23828718,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,rhoades04,1. this game is the best thing i have played since supreme commander 1 / forge & battllefront 1 and 22 this game is very rare there was only 1 other game like this one and it was Maelstrom3 i have been gameing since 2005 but as time went on games got simpler and now they either beat an old idea like a dead horse or they make new games that are simple but there are still same game developers that make good cool games that you never get bored of just the problem is they either hit it on the head or they are way off.4 buy the game if you believe that god is a black man in his underwear riding on a unicorn jk + xd = your mom jk jk jk
76561198059388479,Recommended,331500,16985080,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Savagepotato45,"A very fun game with an awsome concept, this game is best played with friends.the only thing that can make this game better is more of everything it already has"
,Recommended,331500,28511419,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Orcywoo6,"I have to tell people to get this game, its a crazy little mix up of FPS and RTS where you can actually take control of your units in first person and join the fight!"
76561198024923687,Not Recommended,331500,26066633,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,santagada,"Fun but totally unpolished, this can't be compared to other RTS as is, and the developer apparently will just make another game. I asked for my refund and I'm happy that I got it."
,Recommended,331500,18815977,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Scourge012,"Should you buy this game? That depends on what you want out of it. The game is a little rough around the edges--but improving all the time. The developer is very active and gets updates out quickly. He just finished a total re-write of the multiplayer code. We don't really notice that as players so much because it's not new content, but the game runs better in MP by a long mile.Other thoughts: Graphics seem dated--but the art style is cool and original. The gameplay has some glitches--but the concept is well put together and amazing. The sounds are pretty generic--but they are appropriate and add to the sci-fi atmosphere. The music is amazeballs. But it's also only 12-13 US dollars. The RTS mode is generic. And the FPS mode is missing things like lean, crouching and prone. But RTS mode and FPS mode happen at the same time which is so unique you hardly notice the missing ""features"" of more dedicated FPS titles like Call of Duty.In the end you have really odd game. It's one that if any one of its components was left alone, it would be mediocre. It's not going to win any graphics fidelity contests, or have pundits talk about the realistic sound-scape. It's certainly not going to supplant StarCraft II as the golden standard of fast-paced RTS nor will it outsell Call of Duty's yearly sequels. But when all of its components are put together it's a one of a kind experience that I recommend to anyone with 13 US Dollars to spend. The thing that makes this game worth getting is its originality, its humor, and its unique blend of gameplay concepts from two genres that are really different--even if neither aspect of the game gets developed to a AAA level. There's nothing else like this game that has been made in over a decade. If you want something different to fill your hours, this is it. If you are looking for the next Call of Duty or StarCraft II, you'll have to move along."
,Recommended,331500,30821602,Posted: 29 March,all,tjc2brown,One of the best games I have ever play. The way you win is super amazing and creative. The design menu for your units is also really cool. The tech tree also adds yet another layer challenge. The only thing that would make this game better is a campaign
76561197985063992,Recommended,331500,20617294,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,OMGSPY!,Every second you read this is a second you are not playing this game.
,Recommended,331500,20340854,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Gifmekill,:]
,Recommended,331500,31268408,Posted: 20 April,all,The one of legends,"After playing this game for 37 hours (and alot more offline) I believe this game is worth the cost. The pacing is nice while a bit slow, the weapons are balanced and there is no guaranteed strategy of winning.  Not to mention the phenomenal soundtrack (one of the best I've heard in awhile and one of the few that I consider worth spending $5 on). My only problem with the game is that it feels a bit bland. Sure you can build a massive superbase and rain hell with artillery and rockets but after playing ten rounds against the AI you start feeling a bit board of it all. It doesn't help that the landscape it pretty bland to look at from a bird's eye view (though the soundtrack more than makes up for it). There just isn't alot of variety in the game. This has mostly to do with the fact that the seven weapons (not counting upgrades like high energy beam to quantum beam) are pretty predictable. It's either a bullet, something that explodes, or a laser with a charge up time. The units are also very bland with a few exceptions. The buildings and turret upgrades are cool but there is still a bland pit in the game.The game is still fun to play and these would be minor if there was the guarantee of more content on the way, but there is not. Right now Robert Hesketh is working on a sequel to the game which feels unfinished. Sure the second game sounds fun but the developer should be focused on perfecting this game before working on a sequel. Especially since the community was looking forward to a big update coming up in version 2.0. I understand if Robert Hesketh wants to expand his company and I believe he will return to this game soon after he finishes his other game but at the moment the game is bland and feels a bit dull. I will give it a thumbs up because I believe it’s worth the money but right now don’t expect to play for hours on end unless you have a freind or are really starved for an rts."
,Recommended,331500,25873496,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,FassQi,Command & Conquer: Renegade 0.5 !!:D
76561198037422377,Recommended,331500,22183991,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Noahqshark,"This is just such a cool game. I've only played it for a small amount of time but i can already see all the potential it has to evolve into an amazing new genre of mixed strategy and fps! Rob, the developer, made this almost by himself, that is just so amazing! If you want to play a really cool strategy game where you can see every detail of your troops, blast away robots, and self destruct your base when you have to make your final stand :). Verdict : amazing game.Edit: Please pay the full price for this game and don't pirate it. He's just one man and doesn't have a huge company to support him, he needs this money. Keep up the good work Rob"
76561198037138569,Recommended,331500,19611604,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,GordnBenit,"I'd played the game for a little while. I compiled a list of features and changes that I wanted to see acknowledged, and made my post on the Steam Forums(http://steamcommunity.com/app/331500/discussions/0/594820656451330727/).The DEV (yes, it's being developed by one guy) replies within a day, addressing all of my suggestions. Another day comes to pass, and he goes ahead and releases a patch implementing the major features I suggested. Just like that.On this premise alone, I have to recommend the game based on the excellent communication and community involvement this one Dev is providing, and I haven't even begun to describe how brilliant this game is yet."
76561198120538170,Recommended,331500,20670853,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Pimp Named SlickBack,"This game, while a work in progress, is an RTS riddled with potential and promise. I expect great things out of the developer. An amazing concept, I raise my glass to you."
,Recommended,331500,20201514,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Sheep,Yes.
76561198119567160,Recommended,331500,32160166,Posted: 3 June,all,zmbieassassin,this game is grate it is crative and not too easy but i think it shoud be free so more and more people join in on the fun and creatividy
76561198155690072,Recommended,331500,22714066,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,中国制造,I thought that the idea of the game was great but because of lack of funding the game had very low graphics. I would really like to see a big company help out on this game and change the style from a minecraft type look and put a more realistic look on it. All in All the game is still good and fun to play wit a friend.
76561198028365923,Recommended,331500,22753533,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Malcom Cuntbull,"the multiplayer is basicly dead, never anyone on, and the ui design needs sooo much polish have the time the click on things and what the game considers to be the object dont visual match.other then that its an awesome game with well intergrated fps/rts styles. techonlogy tree is huge and when you can actually get a game going online its a ton of fun, the only real problem is more people dont play it ;)"
76561198137347931,Recommended,331500,22699150,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Dr.lolicon,Is guud
76561198149112918,Recommended,331500,24089464,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,dragonrider8888,"One of the best rts games that I have played. Although it does crash sometimes mid-game, the pros outweigh the cons indefinitely. My favorite feature that this game has to offer is that you can possess units and play first person instead of the bird's eye view. This makes the game interesting, but another interesting thing is that you can have execubot (other players) play as a unit the entire time. The execubot can also get into any ground unit which keeps the player thrilled and wanting to keep  playing as the execubot.Here is a link to one of videos over this awesome game:https://youtu.be/A2lGwLnP3UI"
76561198136157440,Recommended,331500,25352879,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,NapJoeyon Bonaparte,started levelmade baserealized i could make bunkersspend all iron on bunkers and infantrythey have tanksall infantry got killedgot ROFL Stomped10/10 would make bunkers again
,Recommended,331500,17607743,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,"Zack ""Hands-On"" Hampson",A game about rich people made by a not so rich person. neat. It's really fun to mess with the AI in cheats mode. Good Game.
,Not Recommended,331500,28764840,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,charabis,"It's rare to find a game that has little going for it except creativity, but here it is.  The UI is very unfriendly with a lot of difficulty getting drones to actually harvest what you need for power.  You also apparently cannot go after the opponents structures at all--I had 20 basic infantry parked in front of his robot facotry and all they'd do is shoot them as they come out.  In the meantime, one soldier from their side walked over to my base, went inside, I jumped out, and waited.  As soon as the elevator opened I was shot dead without even being able to fire back.  This was BEFORE it bothered to tell me you could do it.The tutorial is clearly lacking as well with no guidance to get you into it.  While this game does have some interesting features, others just get in the way.  A fine example is the thorium.  You can only build one power plant so you need to get more of it to increase the output of your ONLY reactor.  Yes, you can build only one EVER.  The tutorial map puts ALL of it closer to the opponent than you.  Talk about unbalanced level design.Overall, I uninstalled it in short order.  With rudimentary graphics, flaky UI, and poor explanations of how to do almost everything, it's not a game that's worth my time to play."
,Recommended,331500,17749866,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,ljgrieve2001,Great Game!
76561197969160739,Not Recommended,331500,31738341,Posted: 13 May,all,[UN] Simon,Was a good game about 12months ago but now freezes on loads and selections from the Executive Office. Plus no recent decelopment mean I cannot recommend this game :-(
,Recommended,331500,25140371,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,theDemolisher13,"Hello Demo here and today I'll be reviewing Executive Assault here.Well where do I start? Hmm Ah yes I have never seen any other RTS that gives you quite as many options as this game gives you to win. As it gives you abilities that can kill just about anything to unites that just tar the living H out of the battlefield to Sabbutashing the enemy. You also can go back and forth between first person and god view if you're the executive of your team. You can have up to 4 teams in a game and each executive there is they can have four executive drones which are controlled by other players, so basicly every executive that joins could add five more players to the game so a full lobby can lead up to 25 players. Now lets talk about the Pro and Cons of the gamePro-Over all Options-Can have fairly large games-New concepts that have never really exploredNutural-Even though the game has been offically released the game is still in development which means the deves are still adding new content and fixing bugs-The game up to this point (update 1.199.8) has been made by only one guy. Now that just impressive.-Doesn't have the best graphics but makes up for that with lots of gameplay valueCons-The game as much as he would like to say is finish is not, but there still working on it-There are bugs and even some rare game breaking bugs-Matches can last awhile as the resource used for research is time which once that's gone well sadly it's gone forever. But if you devote more power to research you can lessen the amount of time it takes to research something but if you're not careful you could be taking valueble power away from something else.So would I recommond this game? Well if you don't mine the rare bug and are looking for something different then this is the game for you. But I would surgest that you have at least one friend to play it with. Anyways thanks for giving me the time in reading this review, now go out and have a nice day."
76561198117954810,Recommended,331500,33480513,Posted: 12 July,all,Fire Destroyer,"YES, the game appears unfinished, but his tematic is incredible and have too many things, I think that is good and his price same.Now I need to go, I have a busy shedule of executives to take out of the job!"
76561197971724284,Recommended,331500,14842972,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Aristocat the Mildly Salty,"PROS-Decent graphics. Ability to control units in a FPS style. Easy to learn.CONS-CEO or the Commander is weak, but he isn't suppoused to be a one man army.Thats my review. Im not too great with persuasive-ness.If you want something to persuade you,just go to the youtubes,or look at other more helpful reviews!:Yay i can play now!"
76561198017314958,Recommended,331500,17152970,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Axrat,Love it. Created a soilder. Took control of him. Went to the control room and shot myself.. game ended.. failed!Brilliant!
,Recommended,331500,17139406,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Dr Bright,"This is a game that best can be described by my experiences playing it.  First time trying this so here we go.attempt one:My corporation, Exo-Gene has set up on a wonderful little grass planet.  My opponents set up just over the hiss but I am presuming from my previous RTS experience that it'll take a while for the jerk to get som e harasser units over to me.  I settle down for my usual strategy of teching up.  2 Minutes later a enemy fighters circling the base.  What the fudge?  I try to get some turrets up but the fighter destroys them before they can even materialise.  I try to deploy some soldiers but they are unable to bring the fighter down.  In minutes I am swarmed...time for a restart, methinks.attempt 2:This time I am smart.  I plonk down some turrets right away and deploy some heavier fighters of my own while still teching up.  It works...the enemy fighters are obliterated.  Even better, I quickly figure out hoe to change weapons on the turrets as they become available (as for some reason the tutorial turned itself off).  Still dunno how to deploy internal defences but as my troops and defences don;t even let the enemy get close.A half hour later and my army is prepared.  Using the FPS mode, I jump into the biggest, nastiest mech I have and start plodding with my army towards the enemy camp intent on bringing the guys house down permenently.  Half way there, there is a beep...I think nothing of it, even when it beeps a second later....10 seconds aftere that I am treated to a slo-mo animation of my6 CEO dying.  The cheeky little gits had managed to sneak some trooper bots in and me, in my idiocy of not trying to get intrnal guns up, had practically laid out the welcome mat.  Game over...take 3.attempt 3:After a brief visit to the game forums to find out how to install all those internal defences I;d researched, I set off again.  This time I had done two things.  First I'd put doors and internal security guns in.  Secondly I was going to leave several trooper bot squads at home.  The AI from last time had also shown me what I needed to do.  I needed to get my own troops in there.  To that end, I organized a squad of heavy bots, geared them out wirh shields and heavy particle pulse beams and went off on an adventure to the enemy base...and was immediately annihilated by perimeter defences.  This 'easy' AI was alot more 8intelligent then other AI's in RTS's I had encountered.Would I give up?  No.  I organied a second squad and, after making sure I was leaving some ships behind to defend home, I set opff with everything.  With tanks and walkers covering my team they quickly got to the base...and discovered the cheeky git had also been working on internal defences.  Security doors blocked my path...till my team blew them away.  I led my bots in victoriously and stopped.  Oooh...whats that thing on the roof of the corridor?  Oh, ts opening u-Its a autogun.  This thought went through my mind as my host bots head was removed from its shoudlers by the internal defence gun.  Nuts.My team continued though.  After a few more host deaths, I noticed my bots had better health controlled from RTS view.  I proceeded to guide my deathsquad through the corridors towards the CEO tower, the RTS view boosted health meaning not one more bot bit the dust.  With that, my team finally reached the elevator and piled in.  I jumped into a final host...this last kill was mine.  The elevator opened and I was barely into the room before one of my companions shot the enemy CEO...Oh, well.  The guy was dead, the planet was Exo-Genes.  Victory was mine.The end,Now to the nitty gritty.  Is this worth the price tag.  Hell, yes, it is.  Despite having no story mode, a missed opportunity in my opinion, this is a great little game to play with and reminds me heavily of the earth 2140/50/60 games, mostly from the unit design system where you equip your units for battle before making them.Being able to explore the base you built is also fun and battles are alot more interesting when your char is leading the charge personally.Does it have bugs:  Of course it does.  Its onlt been out a few days.  Bugs such as the unit you take control of, suddenly losing its super armor and being easily killed is one such hiccup (and only seems to effect the trooper bots...as of this post, vehicles and aircraft are not effected) and there is the hilarious bug where, sometimes when you assume control of a infantry bot, it will spontaniously shoot into the sky, superjump style before landing.  This is a bug I hope stays in cause it makes me laugh.I have not played multiplayer as of yet, but once one of my friends buys it I am sure to and I will update my review then,Verdict is 8/10.  It has bugs that knock down the score but they are hardly game breaking.  Give the game a try if you are a RTS fan.  Its worth your time."
76561198062624901,Recommended,331500,17146009,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,G4 Sliced Bread,Finally a game that has quality gameplay! There are enough steam games with pretty graphics that aren't worth your money. The mechanics of this game are great and I feel as though there's a lot of  replay value given the mix of FPS and RTS that really change the dynamics of the game. I expect a lot of updates to make the game even more worthwhile. I can easily say this is one of the best games on steam thus. Some of its mechanics remind me of spore so if your into that game this might be up your ally.
76561198013166816,Recommended,331500,17166480,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,donotcare,"i love it, it takes some time to get know how to play, the FPS part in the game is cool but needs some work. overall i do love it and can't wait for more updates and it to get done."
76561198108074598,Recommended,331500,34365189,Posted: 19 August,all,ashtimus,pretty good and its cheap just really good would executive assalut again
76561198025308970,Recommended,331500,30657753,Posted: 21 March,all,Rek-7,"Needs more hotkeys. But this game is ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME. Reminds me of Savage the Freeware game from the 10's where you basically have 3 lives, above, below and in your office. Epic and fast paced and pretty easy to get started. Love the corperate training videos."
,Not Recommended,331500,32972972,Posted: 28 June,all,Lief The Beef,"I love the idea, and I want to love this game, but the terribley small and uninformative in-game menus, and the lack of both a proper tutorial (yes, not everyone wants to figure out how to by watching a video or figure it out themselves) make it hard for new players. Thankfully, the creator is making a second game with a similar idea, so I recommend waiting for that to come out instead."
76561198028090740,Recommended,331500,17144983,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,SiNnEdBtHyNaMe,"Anyone who is  a total RTS freak      and your looking at this now.    click and buy this game.  just do it..   when this game is finished and out of beta       i promise you will smile.  how can i say that?     How many super high end games have you played this month that made your cry?  This one will deliver. This game will  change what we play and how we play.   Rob, YOU AND YOUR TEAM ARE THE BEST!    You get it. You understand.  You know playing a game and actually wanting to play the game because its actually gives you real choice   It's  a  ""Awesome"" feeling.  buy this game guys. support theses DEV dudes.  Yea its still raw abit but its going to get alot better.   hell, it already has     my son who hates RTS  is playing this now.  because its like i said   ""Awesome!"" its simple  to play   but theres so much to this.  so many differnet ways to pound your enemies and defend.   mirco management to the max."
,Recommended,331500,34423802,Posted: 22 August,all,charlie m,"Good RTS, the FPS part is not very relevant to gameplay but still fun. To bad it kinda seems unfinished smh."
76561198067014224,Recommended,331500,14846172,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,crazyj500,This game has an immense amount of potential and I hope the creator gets enough money to finish and make continuous updates to the game
76561197970852089,Recommended,331500,33576734,Posted: 15 July,all,Bulmoth,Snuck into my own HQ and shot my CEO!!Love this game
76561198075320827,Recommended,331500,32451260,Posted: 15 June,all,Little Bill,Great Game. Battle atmosphere is epic and intense. I loved it and it is one of my favorites.
76561198245580430,Recommended,331500,32360852,Posted: 12 June,all,K-PAX,"Executive Assault! What a great game, I love it!The indie developer/developers that made this game thinks in a beautiful way. I think it is an innovative and great concept for a game that I believe has endless replay value!It sort of reminded me of Supreme Commander, but in EA you are a part of the machinery in a totally new and awesome way.I can't wait to see what new and cool things that will appear in future updates, and I hope we get MANY of those since as I said, this game deserves to be more than just noticed!"
76561198218528456,Recommended,331500,32114710,Posted: 1 June,all,WUZZE,"this game is great, but if you could make it a little bit easyier and you know still work on the game to make it even better than it is it would be even well better"
76561198202749283,Recommended,331500,35325692,Posted: 29 September,all,wolfsquad6,All I have to say is that I love this game and nobody can change my opinion I highly recomened this game (If your into this type of games) and that you will love it.
,Recommended,331500,19640400,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,The Fastest Man in Asia,It's pretty good
,Recommended,331500,22348260,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Sail 'em,"Alright I'm gonna go right to the point. This is one of the Best RTS/FPS Hybrids I have ever played. Its easy to understand, fun to play with friends. (Not many people play Multiplayer) Insane game changing events. RTS and FPS are easy to play. Tech tree has alot to research. Best part is that you can have up to 20 Players in a single game at once with no lag. (Unless  you don't have the right computer which most people do have.) Overall great content! Community is helpful.The only thing i would say that isn't perfect is that it is only on PC. (No Mac or Linxus Versions released yet.) Also Multiplayer isn't very active although there are various groups dedicated to finding a Player you can play with.9/10 As time goes on It might become more popular within Multiplayer! Worth the $12.Edit: Saw someone who had trouble while trying to play with their nephew. Literally? I have the absolute worst wifi in the world and I can still play with up to 88 players on Battlefield 1 on my Xbox one. That is just sad. Do not listen to that guy, I bet you he didn't even try atleast twice to play with his nephew. Keep in mind this game is still in Early Access and does not have Lan at the moment so please do not make terrible reviews just because of that.""Just because the Graphics are god awful, doesn't mean that the Gameplay is absolute Sh-it.""Salem 2016"
76561198073723260,Recommended,331500,28711544,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Crushedsun,"Really nice game from a developper that worked alone.The game is actually a bit hard to handle in the first place but proves really intuitive once the basic concepts of managing energy and creating units are understood.Positive aspects :+ Possibility to control directly ANY units you built (from simple assault droid to massive Fortitude Tank)+ Customization of units. From example, you start with a plain tank (regular armor and basic gatling canon) but later you can modify it with better armor or change its main gun (plasma, rocket,...) and create templates for your factory to produce, provided you've done the necessary researches.+ Tech tree is cool (it doesn't seem so at first glance but tech tree expands : unlock the ""dead-end branch"" that is Armored Factory to expand the branch with new vehicles and upgrades, for example)+ Defensive buildings (Turrets, Chainlink fences, bunkers) since too few games feature those+ Fortitude Tank ! (Sorry but driving one personnaly, towering regular tanks and firing with its double main gun is just great)+ Energy management (cut power supply to turrets if you're not attacked to increase iron extraction speed, and so on). Reminded me a bit of Supreme Commander energy systemNegative aspects :- (it's personnal but...) pointer is hard to handle : it is quite hard to see which units you have selected (no panel with the names and types of units selected, just how many) or to click on a small ennemy to make your army engage it (I had to zoom in to make the small bots big enough to be selected)- [Can be a positive point for some gamers] AI is quite forward going even in easy (I've been attacked by tanks / aircrafts in my base after just a few minutes from the start, while I was still trying to understand how to build bots)I highly recommend the game since it's a really nice new concept to RTS and for its strategy side (customizing units one by one is possible, to fit any situation ; researches ; energy management)Plus its from a single developper, the kind that should be encouraged !"
76561198148560091,Recommended,331500,27831479,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Filfy Noob,i love this game i cant play it for a long time tho but it's a good time killerit may not look finished but hay i liked it
,Recommended,331500,28151510,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Absolute Madman✨,"Gah, I want to love this game, it has so many cool ideas and it feels great! I just... I don't know. I can't play it. Maybe I suck? Maybe I can't feel for the sense of scale? Its not you Executive Assault, its me. I'm so sorry..."
,Recommended,331500,29099133,Posted: 7 January,all,Con-Severis,Best game ever.
,Recommended,331500,17167794,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,KyleKidd,"I have always been a huge fan of both Real Time Strategy and First Person Shooters; and this game has found a nice balence between the two.  You can build up your base in classic RTS fashion, then take command of your troops and command them in first person.  I am impressed that a small indie studio can put out such a great game.I really like the little details they put in, such as the elevator music and tutorial videos.The game did just came out however, and does have its issues.  The interface is a bit clunky, and the FPS controls need some refining.For more details, check out my Review and Gameplay video on YouTube:http://youtu.be/gV0NN5q28Ow"
,Recommended,331500,17127430,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Jodo,Simply Awesome
,Recommended,331500,33108071,Posted: 1 July,all,Biatec,AMazing game. Very different.
76561198013025449,Recommended,331500,34100092,Posted: 8 August,all,hosko,super cool i lick it
76561198207427121,Recommended,331500,23125603,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,chrbaldwin,This is a fun game love the abbility to jump into your own troops great game thank you
,Recommended,331500,22877808,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,C Wizzy,terrific fun
76561198055537389,Recommended,331500,22879235,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,chinees lettuce™,amazing game must have for RTS fans
76561197984546440,Recommended,331500,22956522,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,famuin06,I play this game with my 9 year old daughter. She loves it and I like it too. I know the next one will be even the more better. Would definitely invest in the next version as well. Great job!
,Not Recommended,331500,23807048,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Slombeeper,"The idea and concept is amazing. But the game itself is buggy and got no Good tutorials. The AI is too hard and it feels like Roller Coaster Tycoon, where you don't do anything except keeping the place running. Needs more improvements and tutorials"
76561198002585649,Recommended,331500,14844142,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,WallMart,"Pretty fun so far, but also pretty steep learning curve. Not your average RTS here.Does run pretty well on my PC, i've got quite a powerfull pc though.Will post a more in-depth review later."
76561198021559677,Recommended,331500,17219254,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Malaficus Shaikan,The game take some getting used to and the stratagy part is very limeted.But it is a fun little gem.Games like these i recommend for there uniqueness.The game does feel more like an imcompleet mod then a game on its own.It gets boring quickly as the unit's building and tatic's are extreemly limeted.Assasination is the name of the game.It doesnt mather if you have one driod or one hunderd driods.There is a certain trill to be had when enemy driods enter your base and you got to go play hide and seek.I suggest getting this because it is a fun little gem.But have low expectations.High execptions will be crushed.
,Recommended,331500,34964809,Posted: 14 September,all,Dippy Eggs,🤔
,Not Recommended,331500,28661041,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Steak and Potatoes,"Executive Assault is a poorly executed RTS/FPS hybrid. Playing the game for about 30 minutes, I suffered two bugs that made me have to force-close the game, first it was the create a server menu freezing and then my looking in Executive Mode (FPS mode) would not work. This was annoying to say the least, but when I even got to play the game, saying I was less than impressed would be an understatement. PS2-era graphics aside, the RTS mode and FPS mode are simply not very good. The RTS mode has a mediocre UI. The FPS mode feels unpolished with there being no iron sights and poor animations. Overall, I was disappointed with Executive Assault and sadly I was really looking forward to playing it. For $15, it's definitely not worth it and at $3.76, I will still be getting a refund. I love the concept, but the execution is not good."
76561198213439428,Recommended,331500,22261968,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Mr. Bullshit Man,I want a picture of the developers shoes!. He said he would show me if I asked.
,Recommended,331500,20621886,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,urnotjustin,im a bit on the absolutely stupid side and it was fun being the suit guy but i dont know where the god damn crystals are
76561198168728816,Recommended,331500,18630023,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,FPDX-Typh00n_03-Skinhub.com,good game but i refunded it because i thought that it was glitched but all i did is put them on the same team as me also this game is really good you guys should by it
76561198156226676,Recommended,331500,23115244,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Michael rosen,"Takes a while to get used to, but this game is AMAZING!!!!!"
76561198217672416,Recommended,331500,18575964,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,DAXAMEGATGGD235,FUN!!IT HAS WHAT EVERY RTS SHOULD HAVE!!!!!!!! with a uniqueness to it.i love the hate that filles you after you lose making it so you get EVERY REVENGE ON THE OPOSITION!!!!!
,Recommended,331500,25196996,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,sonyguy,its ok i shoot things
76561198146922094,Recommended,331500,24148033,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,wellsml2,great game 11/10 IGN rating
76561198150554400,Recommended,331500,14859704,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Reaper,good concept of a game i like it needs a ton of work though XD
76561198034570847,Recommended,331500,17143160,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Vilvis,Buy this game!
,Recommended,331500,17159128,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,The original slothy bastard,"Where to start? This game is buggy, glitchy, the units T pose from time to time and the weapon balance is absurd. The AI is somewhat not brain dead and there's upgrades that seem to be utterly useless.Why should you buy this game? Because it is purely fun. Despite everything I just said the game has given me and my friends some goofy fun to mess around with and it is ENTIRELY worth the price tag. Seriously? 11.69$? That's a damn crime. This game lets you customize your units weapons, and abilities. There is a pool to pick from obviously but I get a sneaking suspicion that there will be more to come. The fact this is on unity just means that there is some creative room for this game. The matchmaking is still better than battlefield 4s and the gunplay is just about as good. There is monstrous balancing issues that need to be dealt with but this game has some insane promise.My favorite part of it is the fact you can pilot a Warlord Battle Titan from war hammer. It's called the gigantilator but any closer and games workshop would be giving this guy a phone call. But that's not a bad thing. It's fun it's slow its HUGE. I hope to see more units and unit types in this game because it is so fun. I am literally counting days until the next update because I want to see where this is going. Buy it. Don't let the initial bugs deter you. It's a game worth giving your time to."
,Recommended,331500,15833768,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Hayden,This game is really good I Highly Recommend to RTS fans that want to fight in there battles In first person and also command!
,Recommended,331500,20429908,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,israel is my fetish,"Pros:Good gameplayGood idea (taking control of unit in an RTS and making the game an FPS)FunCons:Graphics are unityAI absolutely needs improvement (higher difficulty enemy CEOs, please?)Bugs here and thereNot well optimizedBuy this gameimmediately,it is a steal for 13 bucks."
76561198067797038,Recommended,331500,24094545,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Viri☭,"Great, unique, and very fun indie game that puts a nice twist on the classic RTS style. This isn't a game about nations battling over resources or land, but instead, features companies battling simply for control and profit using futuristic weaponry and armies of robots. The whole company aspect is a nice change, and your HQ being a CEO office is a unique and interesting concept, with you controlling your CEO and interfacing into your computer to command your army like you're entering the matrix. Despite having very little to no budget, it still is impressive, and even though the budget shows, it does not take away from the experience, and is a rather nice change from the tripple A titles that sacrifice gameplay and individuality for shiny graphics and profit. Very fun with varrying difficulties of Ai that even good players can struggle against, even though they may use spam tactics or repetitive strategies, and an overall good game and I can't wait to see what comes in the future for this game."
,Not Recommended,331500,17694904,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Umulusu,AI is too fast and cheaty.The Easiest AI built tanks in a matter of seconds and killed me instantly.
76561198031622864,Not Recommended,331500,28708866,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Dirty_Herbert,"This is a fun game, and the first person is something new that is really what sets this game apart.However - this game has balance issues. The thorium crystal mechanic is different! But it's not good. It's not something that I would personally recommend and so it pains me to give this game a negative review, but it's a really bad mechanic. The placing is bad for the crystals, and the comets that fall don’t fall fairly. This RnG mechanic destroys the game’s balance. Meaning that the person, not the bots however because they don’t bother with the crystals, will be the best faction regardless.But the first person mechanic mixed with the interior base mechanic is super niche. I wish the game was more balanced, because this mechanic should be expanded beyond what it is currently.  But more importantly, this game needs to be more balanced... The game is fun! But hot damn, this game has its few problems."
,Recommended,331500,17292345,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,C:\Users\LuKah>_,This game is so goddamn delicious.
76561198057055756,Recommended,331500,28884314,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,4D,"Thumbs up, really good play."
76561198107771890,Recommended,331500,18471427,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,PuppedEader,One of the best games i've played.
76561198089425672,Recommended,331500,28654911,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,futureoldman,"Great Game, Very ambisious Needs Polish."
,Recommended,331500,17409501,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Spud,The games animation is ♥♥♥♥ing impeccable.
,Recommended,331500,24229538,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Cortina MK3,"This game, is probably one of the most unique games i've ever played, one minute, i'm walking around my office, firing my gun at the walls, next i'm building a huge base, then i'm back in my office, and I walk around everything I just built.Then I decide, I would like some units, for defence, so i build them up and discover a little button that allows me to control individual units, how amazing is that? This game, even though i've played 0.7 hours of it is one of the most amazing games i've ever played, i'm very happy with the purchase.Something else i'd like to add, the amazing man who built this has very little money, this game was made on no budget, so do him a favour if you like games like this, don't pirate it, don't be one of those C-words, buy it!"
,Recommended,331500,23713987,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Edger,Awsome best strategy game idea out there
76561198055438732,Recommended,331500,20653635,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,[TML] Corncob,"Haven't had this much fun in a while. It scratches an itch, that I thought was impossible to scratch."
,Recommended,331500,19188271,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Elephant Force,Fun gameplay with friends could spend hours on it. Hoping there are team battles later on(both online and co-op) and a variety of maps.
,Recommended,331500,19259440,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Omegabro,"This game is way to fun not to get! After you learn what is the best thing to get, your enemies will also know and have developed it, so you got to be very resourcful"
,Recommended,331500,19260035,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,oopmash,having trouble i look at video's online and it shows stuff that i am not able to use in game. i have set my game to update automatically everytime and it is not working please help:(
76561198096558246,Recommended,331500,19483246,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Loyal,Really fun with friends
,Recommended,331500,19759206,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,BlueDragon,IZ GUD NOW BUY!
76561198067997183,Recommended,331500,19796940,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,FlamingArrow,"Based on my limited play time of this game, and the experience ive had outside of multiplayer, it executes a concept with great gameplay and excellent unit diversity thanks to the research tree and customization of the units themselves. I just can't wait until the developer becomes successful enough to hire others, and make this game's graphics and bugs clean, sharp, and one to equal even the greatest RTS games of our time."
76561197964563358,Recommended,331500,19808263,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,NicoFar22,"What can I say about Executive Assault... I can say that is one of the most fun blind purchases I have ever made! Executive Assault is a RTS/FPS hybrid that puts you in the role of your companies CEO(you name your company and pick a character), From there you build you base and units in an attempt to kill the opposing CEOs. I love this game, I am terrible at RTS games, but with the addition of an FPS mode, it makes it a little easier to figure out. Buy it, play it, love it!"
76561198025581192,Recommended,331500,19908066,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Bomtaker01,"TL;DR: this game has a lot of potential and i hope that more content and updates some along, super fun to play and will keep you well occupied.So this game is one that has finallyScratched an itch that i have been feeling since i played the old Battlezone 2 combat commander, and i've gotta say. It scratches it well, the game is essentially if Command and conquer had a child with an FPS and then added features that would make numerous AAA Developers blush and the most impressive part is that this game (as far as i have been lead to believe) has been made by one singular human being.Gameplay wise it gets a solid 9/10 purely because after the few hours i spent playing i only just got about halfway through the tech tree and experimenting with different units, not only that but the interior of your base is completely explorable and you can add internal defences such as turrets and doors to impede the progress of your enemy into your base. Almost any unit in the game can also be directly controlled (so far only the troop transports weren't) and this lead to some awesome moments of attacking my enemy in the middle of an army i sent.Visualy the game looks fairly decent. The map i played on looked rather nice and was well designed, my only real issue here is the lack of colour for the base buildings, while the textures are good, they are one colour and there isnt much variation which gets a bit dull to look at sometimesThe sound is good, but i have noticed some sounds make an unbearable noise when layed ontop of each other. For example when i lead my troops in an assault once there was a god awful racket when the bullets started flying, other than that its nothing specialOverall this game is Definately worth sinking some time into, i had a blast in the single player. But i feel multiplayer with friends would be an incredible experience. Would i recommend this game? YES, yes i would."
76561198111668327,Recommended,331500,19942193,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Nuclear Animatronic #G N' R,"This game is too good to be true! not only do you get to build a base and command units around the world, but you also can take control over these units and play them in first person. this is simply a awesome game, and I highly recomend buying it.PS: is hard to understand at first I recomend looking up how to play it first"
,Recommended,331500,19984835,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,AJSM,pure fun if you and your friends want to buil massive armys and take controle of them and this is the best game ever made with the unity engine me and my friend spent 2 hours building a swag army to see who will come out on top and it is gut wrenching to watch your ceo die and it is the best feeling to take controle of a unit and kill your friends ceo please buy this game RIGHT NOW 10♥♥♥♥♥♥♥10
76561198080070597,Recommended,331500,20048385,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Nadala,just another day in corporate america!
,Recommended,331500,20208066,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,banstack,gg
76561198149901119,Recommended,331500,20408167,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,mpikoul,"The best indie game developed in many a year. It delivers immersion in a strategy game unmatched even by AAA releases. The FPS, while not the best, is solid, and graphics and models are very good. I seem to recall this sort of thing happening a few years ago with a C&C game, but not even as well as this. Pausing is a great feature. Recomendded for all who like both strategy and FPS games, or even just strategy! It is VERY playable just as a strategy game. Quirky and interesting tutorial and battle beginning. I executively enjoy!"
,Recommended,331500,20408862,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Ninth Prophet,I absolutely adore this game. Buy it goddamn now so there are more people to play with.
76561198025723903,Recommended,331500,20413913,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,jimmy72735,"i would recomed this game because it is just a nice, new idea to Rts games that i love to see be implemented into more games, it was done realy well in this game on its own (if you havent figured out yet im talking about the first person).This game is Astonishing for the Budget and the developer.This game is pretty fun in single player (Skirmish) and in multiplayer.This game is fun and has just, pure awsome mechanics ind i aprove."
,Recommended,331500,20428909,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Zygarde22,"This is a fairly fun game, a nice combo of RTS and FPS which makes for a great blind of game play and can make the strategy part more interesting, wholly recommend.  Has a slight learning curve, but once you get a hand of it its fun as hell."
,Recommended,331500,20456766,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,MarineLand Enthusiest,#InfinateRangedFPS
76561198106903900,Recommended,331500,20536029,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Kryptographic Entaglement,"A game that is ok for its price, although if you are looking for a seroius game then this is not it. It is an invigorating game as it is somewhat different than regular rts but the main dynamics of rts games is there but it is not as good as other rts games. Basically a lot of the weapons, research and building are pretty usless, spamming unit will trump anything and very little strategy or tactical thinking is required because of it and because of the objective of the game(kill enemy ceo). It's FPS feature is quite useless(at least against cpu because multi is almost empty) but it is fun for a while. After 1 match i feel i already know what except in upcoming matches, mainly because i will have to play against cpu. So like it said, its decent for its price if you can spare the cash."
,Recommended,331500,20581661,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Gravedigger,I  have already bought 6 copies of the game (1 for me and 5 for friends) and am considering buying more as I have enjoyed this game quite a bit in the few hours I played it.
,Recommended,331500,20593808,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Noodle,Extremely fun if you have a friend to play it with. I reccomend picking it up.
,Recommended,331500,20789731,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,splashclaw,very fun 9/10 small glitches but its a fun game
,Recommended,331500,18849873,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Docdic,I am quite impressed with this game. It is able to blend a FPS and RTS into one package. Allthough it is rather rough around the edges at times it still breems with potentialPros-Verry fun gameplay-quite a spectile in FPS mode-multiplayer is fun as well-continued developmentCons-Fps mode is rather barebones-graphics look rather dated- Some rather intresting bugsOverall i would highly sugest this game. its spectile while in FPS mode rivials game like planetside 2 or any of the other great large scale FPS games.
76561198002732130,Recommended,331500,18619701,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Jeha512,"this game is amazing, having your own corporation to try to take over the world against your friends with a robot army. A+99999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999/10"
76561198201112013,Recommended,331500,18638061,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,mattmoo42,this is just the best
76561198170476346,Recommended,331500,18557159,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,kguy578,It be much better if I had a chance to win. Jesus christ. I built two bots and they're launching nukes at me.
,Recommended,331500,19848860,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Italian Peasant,i can nuke myself by causing a meltdown like chernobyl 10/10
76561198112607461,Recommended,331500,19905201,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Thrawn,1st try:Runs around outside (forgeting that th chairman is around)2nd try: Sits in chair builds huge army(Forgets to use an AI)3rd try:Suvives 2 mins againt the chair man(Then turns of reactor coolant)4th try:Plays the dev test Exeutron testing5th try:Spends 2 hours hunting round the map for crystals to power defencesIn other words it a great game but slightly lacking on the content side.
76561198058250272,Recommended,331500,20142336,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Tim Carella,"This one story made this game woth $10This was like my first time playing. I was in an FFA with 3 other friends, and was the only one left. I had just a few men/robots. In a last attempt to kill him, I sent them to his base.Then I see he had a tank. it was game over from there. I got out of my base ASAP, and made my way to his base.The whole time im telling him im investing everythin I have in doors to keep him out; he has no idea im on my way to kill him, personally.Im almost at his base, and he is telling me ""I've got all the doors locked down. You're not leaving. Just come out now and make it easy""At this point im already in his elevator, on my way up.I get up in his office, and shoot him. I bust in laughter. I laughed so hard I couldnt feel my hands.He was sitting there telling me that he was gonna kill me, and never had any idea I was in his base about to kill him. It was golden.That alone was worht the $10.TL:DR: My freind was telling me that he had my base locked down, and I should just give up. Little did he know I was in his lift on my way up to kill him,"
76561198178127914,Recommended,331500,20233913,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Gommos,This game is fun and hilarious to play with friends.  I do recommend this because it has so many different things that you can use to achieve one objective.  Especially radar.  You can wipe armies from the planet in seconds.
,Recommended,331500,23245848,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Daddy Damo,A great game where you build♥♥♥♥♥♥ research♥♥♥♥♥♥and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥upNow available in RTS and FPS at a retail store near you
,Recommended,331500,21827308,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Baans,"This game is still in development so if you like RTS games now is the time to buy this, I'm betting that the price will go higher and higher the longer you wait. But this game is beautifully designed and made. Keep working on it Rob, it's a great game!"
76561198125494026,Recommended,331500,24220968,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Dragon1212,"I love this game the idea is fantastic if your think about getting this... get it the combat is amazing the fact that you can join the combat whenever is outstanding you could do so much with this game and if im honest this game is even good for roleplays (if you like that stuff) this game is...is just all out amazing i love every bit i love the building, i love the combat, i love the multiplayer,  singleplayer, all of it. i ended up loving this game sooo much that i had to replace my wallpaper with its title. because thats what this game makes me do it makes me so happy i finally get a game like this. this game is perfect for people who love fps this game is perfec for people who love rts. its just everything that you could want. the technology tree is amazing all of the different weapons and customizing you can do i...i...i just love every bit of this game and i hope so much you do to plz do yourself a favor and BUY THIS GAME"
76561198157349159,Recommended,331500,23881754,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,dietzmann1,PLEASE HELP: When I launch the game I can hear the music but it just displays a pink/purple screen. I've tried running it in windowed mode and verifying the integrity of the cache but nothing seems to work. someone please help
,Recommended,331500,29385735,Posted: 20 January,all,Robro,great
76561198072664103,Recommended,331500,26950463,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,severaljoneses,executive assault is a very unique hybrid of a rts and fps.
,Recommended,331500,28776933,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Windows 98,"This game is the game I have been looking for. The key feature I have been wanting is that as a commander I can have my friends be some of my units. Other games have tried, and really nailed the fps part of it, but really watered down the rts side of it. This game getst he rts part right. This game rocks, graphics aside. Go buy it so he can keep making it better!"
76561198149901369,Recommended,331500,25865369,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,LaggyMcLaggy,you like big battles where you control the Battle? you like palying in first person with huge groups? Executive Assault ticks those 2 boxes as its a RTS/FPS mix with robots. the gamepaly is pretty good with decent controls and abilitys. you have multiplayer and singleplayer thats pretty well made and mostly th entire game is well made by the devloper. also the models look pretty good and are smooth.
76561198131864841,Recommended,331500,18317764,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,luketxp,get it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,331500,23102067,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,James with a K,"Overall I love this game, for me it is a must buy, however there are a few glitches, for example, if i press the windows key the game crashed, or sometimes executrons cannot move forwards but it is money well spent, and if those glitches are sorted, then i will love the game even more. BTW defo buy this game if you like RTS"
,Recommended,331500,28858125,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Sabretooth,Good game
76561198081047367,Recommended,331500,23814831,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Nulifyer,ALL HAIL THE LIGHT OF THE GREAT PYLON!!!! AND HIS DRONE ARMY!!!!!- even after death they dont stop!!!
,Recommended,331500,23347433,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Lord of the Pans,"So now Ive found out how to fix the game, it works a treat!The mechanics are fun, the rush for thorium is a great aspect. The visuals are a little to be desired, but who cares? Its an RTS!The view from the heavier ingilators is pretty difficult to see through, so i recommend just controlling them from the RTS viewpoint.This game is pretty damn good, and well worth your £10. BUY THIS NOW!"
,Recommended,331500,25124024,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,zoburg88,"seems good, the ai on the easiest is still hard but its a work in progress"
76561198074472417,Recommended,331500,25294679,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,The Swood Guy,It has nice elevator music.10/10
76561198048484924,Not Recommended,331500,28899279,Posted: 1 January,all,JustToxicFox,"I wanted to like this game, I really did. But it sadly feels like an unfinished product. Troop transport controls were buggy, and I really dislike the way you can't queue research and even the whole eco seems a bit odd. I can't really recommend this game until it feels a bit more polished and user friendly."
,Recommended,331500,22620686,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Stroller Bear,"Jerma vs. Star, Jerma vs. Star, EVERYBODY WANTS TO SEE THIS HAPPEN... no? ok."
,Recommended,331500,21237945,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,jxk46,"My base was over run by robots I had 50 of mine in my room I made them all follow me outside of my base and hided in a hill as I watched the robots barge into my room and press the self destruct button I watched my base explode and burn into peices and then my assistent said ""reserch complete"" 10/10 would reserch into light robot armour again"
,Recommended,331500,23909867,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Samir Al Hajib,Was able to launch a jeep 50 feet into the air using a rocket launcher and do awsome tricks10/10 would mess with physics again
76561198331238232,Recommended,331500,33504441,Posted: 13 July,all,justinpoi34689,"after playing for a few hours, i realise this game has a middle of good and bad. let me tell you the good part first, the gameplay i have to admit was fun and very inovative, the idea of a rts but also combined with fps and other element was very smart but could have been improve abit more but overall good. the amount of units in the game were quite stock to keep me busy as i was trying to get the next tier of units. the soundtrack was done flawlessly and kept me going on but also emersive(spell wrong i know}. the bad part of the game was its graphics was outdated and came heavily improve. the other thing was its problem with bugs and sometimes lags or slow frame rates but still was managable. for my opinion i think tutorial can be make much better for beginers as i got lost sometimes. so after everything that i go throught my overall verdict is a 7 out of 10 is a good game with lots of potential and i recomend. to the creator i say you give yourself a pet in the back cause you earn in. hope that your next game would be amazing as this one. thanks for reading. :)"
76561197993246615,Recommended,331500,33505300,Posted: 13 July,all,CajunInABox,"First things first: this game is amazing.The balance is very well done. Those big, heavy tanks are super hard to kill with the most basic weapon, but a few bots with rocket launchers will blow them up pretty easily. Gigantic bombers? They're expensive, and even a handful of cheap fighters with lasers will kill them. And to top it all off, you can't actually win without bringing in bots to invade the enemy base and assassinate the CEO.The FPS element is awesome. Taking control of even a simple bot while the rest of your army marches with you is the greatest thing ever.However, there's a few minor problems with it that take getting used to (because it's worth it):Learning the early game is a ♥♥♥♥♥. A single enemy tank can roll you flat if you haven't upgraded at least one weapon system to deal with it.The UI is pretty clunky and unintuitive.At times selecting a hotgroup of units, I wouldn't be able to control them. I had to drag select them all to deal with it.After all of that, I'm still giving it a huge thumbs up."
,Recommended,331500,18457322,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Gunlethal,This is only worth it if you play with your friends. And be prepared for many gliches.If this was in early access this would be the best game ever
,Recommended,331500,23811997,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Tyrannos,"Although the rts mechanics may be a little odd with any tech taking up to 8 minutes to complete with no ability to que it, speed it up beyond 2x, or resarch mutliple techs at once, the first person gimmick makes the game loads of fun. It manages to take the whole disinterest in a rts that can happen with everything being tiny and zoomed out and make compounds and armies seem so much cooler when you can see them from first person. As far as I can tell the AI never misses and this isbalanced out by them having a limited range, so first person mode is really only useful for outranging opponents. Despite mechanical flaws the game is a great amount of fun and definatley worth it if you can play with friends."
76561198194053007,Recommended,331500,26031372,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,neo.davies,it`s a good game but the ai is to hard they have a base and i hvent evan bulit a power stashon
,Recommended,331500,22638846,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Issssac,"You can control a massive robot with lasers, do I really need to say more?"
,Recommended,331500,26405102,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Glorval,Grand. So amazing.... It really is.
76561198183506070,Recommended,331500,34851613,Posted: 9 September,all,RageQuitter,is gud
,Not Recommended,331500,33364000,Posted: 7 July,all,Overlordwatch,I have tried to get past the company training thing but I can't. The game seems very fair but it's hard to play. Not to mention my anti-virus went off and detected it as a virus which is the most oddest thing.If there was a way to skip the training it'd still be playing it. Unfortunately I had to get a refund.
76561198013252475,Recommended,331500,34957585,Posted: 14 September,all,[CRC]noober97,"This game is absolulty amazing. Even some AAA, Rts titles arent as good as this game..."
,Recommended,331500,17615467,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Duckson,play it... love it... hate when you lose... play once more to lose :-)
76561198216229488,Recommended,331500,34050450,Posted: 5 August,all,ork warbozz okazz,best period
,Recommended,331500,34155940,Posted: 10 August,all,Radical Astronautical,"Amazing, if poorly performing and not the prettiest. One of my favourite EVER game concepts.Dev is making an AMAZING looking second game!Please check it out here:http://executiveassault.com/ea2/!"
,Recommended,331500,34134062,Posted: 9 August,all,beep bop lettuce,good game
76561198129515091,Recommended,331500,31982737,Posted: 26 May,all,A_buckyo Bro,"I like this game a lot. There are many features even if some of them aren't exactly..... workable. Such as the hacker bot that even if I build it immediately, against robots its killed and on muliplayer well same deal. Besides that and a few bugs I like it. I'm sure that when the next game comes out though that will be awesome."
76561198045017405,Recommended,331500,32810648,Posted: 26 June,all,Tauront Retardion,"Well, the game is pretty good, tech tree is pretty large, gameplay looks really fantastic. If anyone wants to play then send me a message or friend invite."
76561198315381696,Recommended,331500,32832286,Posted: 26 June,all,スモールスペースドー,This is the best game ever. dont think it could be any better. i've already gotten six hours in one day.
,Recommended,331500,32928632,Posted: 28 June,all,Spolcyc,"I recommend you get it, but only if you have a friend or friends who are equally enthusiastic about the game. It may not be the best made game, but it sure has made some fun memories for me and my friends."
76561198059783833,Recommended,331500,32943096,Posted: 28 June,all,Emperor of Jordanistan,Fun little game. Quite hard to figure out if you accidently skip the tutorial (not that I did that or anything XD :S ). Like the fact that you can take command of your men in first person and lead the attacks.
,Recommended,331500,21944521,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,King Megascience,"Here's a typical match for me:1) Make big walls around base.2) Do not spend any time researching armor for the troops.3) Set up a massive battery of artillery cannons that bombard all the resource gathering areas of the map, preventing the enemy from having money.4) Build gigantic rocket launching UFOs.5) Fill troop transports with a platoon of robots with no armor and enormous rockets.6) Go to enemy base.7) Watch CEO's face as 200 robots with rocket launchers take the elevator up to his room.10/10 would ragdoll businessman again."
,Recommended,331500,28705821,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,sardaukar_77,"This game is impressive with what it is trying to do, I would recommend this to people who want to play it with multiple friends.If you are like me, a solitary gamer, then you may want to wait to see if the game increases in complexity or adds whatever features that tickle your fancy."
76561198045526266,Recommended,331500,28719897,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Danguchan,"I love this game, but htere's one problem, fix it that you don't crash during mid-early game. It's not just me, it happens to all my other friends as well."
76561197986040962,Not Recommended,331500,22838774,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Erikwa3290,"The Problem with this game isn't the graphics, games like warband show you don't need good graphics to be a good game.however...I feel like I'm torn when playing. part of me that wants to play the general side of the game, and the other that wants to do the actual fighting!I was left feeling empty :(VV *rant* VVevery part of this game is designed to make you not look at the map...if you do 1ts person, you wont know when your base is being overrun until it's too late...but forget that, you'll be too busy going back and forth to your research screen...omg...that needs an automatic selection or something as I found myself endlessly stopping what I was doing to either micro manage the research or tell my braindead robots to shoot the enemies walking zombie style past them.....the AI..doesn't exist.it has two basic goals, and it will NEVER stop trying to reach them.control every reasource point, no mattr what...or what is already there..or whom...basicly the AI will just suicide build towers to an nearly depressing point.combat units will only ever follow a few stright lines to your base center, then attempt to kill the CEO, regardless of the situation.buildings (besides towers and resource gathers) are non-destructable so the only actual goal is to kill the CEO as fast as possible.there are 2 types of magic crystals in the game, one increases power, I have no idea what the other did as I never saw any reason to bother collecting it.the larger units are nearly useless because of how cumbersome they are in general, often getting stuck on terrian or buildings.1rs person view is a cheat. only because you can grief kill towers from the comfort and safety of your base, range needs to be halved on at least most units. and some kind of Fog of War is needed for 1st person.combat indoors is a seizure inducing clusterfuk vomiting laser lights and wildely misplaced sounds into your eyes and ears. made worse still by the grind needed to actually get INTO a building.after a while I only used the 1stPV to unstick units.the unti creation is nice, but pointless and again designed to have you not paying attention to the map.the only reason you WOULDN'T upgrade a units weapons and armour is if you REALLY needed to save energy.otherwise, you will always ungrade every unit with every possible upgrade...""but elapensee, you can pick between diff.."" SHUSH! these minor choices are just that, minor. and when swarm tactics are what you have to play with, you wont bother with much more than "" do I want more damage, or more armour?""I really wanted to like this game> I wanted to look past the bad design choices, and one man team...but I can't. this is a FULL release, which it should not be.with another year or so of love and care this could be made into something more focused and polished.but...it's steam...so all I can do is hold my breath and hope I didnt pick a bad egg, like soooooo many others.random, but this game reminds me of C&C reneagade!!it worked! despite EA doing everything in its power to kill the series, THAT game's multiplayer was something that no other game did better!this game could take a page or two from that gem."
76561198268768955,Not Recommended,331500,28954052,Posted: 2 January,all,mitchellmckain,The game is unplayable for the initiate.  The ai cheats so badly the new player has no time to do anything before being killed.  I feel uttlerly ripped off by the mistake of buying this game.  There should ALWAYS be a difficulty setting where the beginner has time to learn how to play all the features rather than immediately being crushed by a cheating AI.  On top of that the controls are awkward and the pause does not allow the player do anything in order to make up for the human player's obvious disadvantages.
,Not Recommended,331500,33679438,Posted: 20 July,all,Soundwave,"This is a great game and I enjoy it a lot, but it is still buggy, crashes, freezes and is laggy. It's a great concept and I think if this game is finished, it would be well worth the time, but until it runs smoother, I couldn't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,331500,32300391,Posted: 9 June,all,pigeon4752,Good idea but poorly executed.
76561198059187966,Recommended,331500,20628632,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Kroq-Gar,YOU CAN DRINK A COCKTAIL WHILE GLASSING YOUR ENEMIES BASE WITH THE EQUIVALENT OF AN IMPERATOR TITAN BUY THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME NOW
76561198049538661,Not Recommended,331500,32992513,Posted: 29 June,all,Major Casse,"I WANT to like this game, and it does have some interesting ideas, but it just doesnt do it.The RTS is pretty mediocore, and the FPS just isnt viable or interesting."
,Not Recommended,331500,32702827,Posted: 23 June,all,Smug-faced Comrade Sarsaparilla,"Grabbed this indie game on sale for less than $4 so I figured I'd try itLooked interesting so I gave it a shot.CONSUnfortunetly, after not even an hour in the RTS aspect, it seemed almost unplayable or broken.The biggest problem is the lack of information, there is a lot the game doesn't tell you regarding resources, be it production or use. There is also no counter of how long anything takes other than research. The ""tutorial"" (information videos) kinda suckThe graphics aren't impressive either, but it's what you see in the video. It doesn't run well and indoor lighting is god-aweful.Linux is a bit much to ask, but I'd like to see that considering it's on unity.Stuff could user more upgrades and progression, feels very lack-luster.Hardly even got to see AI in action because of how much I played but I heard the pathfinding is bad.Options for the player in the FPS enviroment in terms of equipment are almost non-existantPROSThe power distribution managment sliders are fun to play with.The FPS/RTS hybrid concept is fun and not often seenGood elevator musicSummaryIt looked pretty cool when I got it, but it is less developed than most early-access games while being a full release. It would be cool is it was developed, however, it's current (and most likely future) state is unplayable. Apparently they're making a sequal and all development is going to that, so let's hope that version is actually decent.Even though I only paid $3.89 (70% off sale) I am getting a refund"
,Recommended,331500,33238389,Posted: 4 July,all,ThatGay90sShow,"Great game, not many like it"
,Not Recommended,331500,26235112,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Wolfe Procter,"This game is so difficult it's pointless to play unless you're an ace at RTS or FPS games or have friends who are as enthusiastic about them as you, especially since there is no campaign to speak of."
,Recommended,331500,28200948,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Splooderman,"""Seems like a very interesting idea, but the game is barely Beta"". For now 4/10. The game is enjoyable, so i recommend it"
,Recommended,331500,28282857,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Engineer of Stuff,Very fun.
,Not Recommended,331500,28817856,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,TheFearsomeRat,"This game has two interesting concepts that if were done right could have saved this game first of all the FPS take control of your unit mechanic it uses the same controls for your player character which are both clunky considering it's almost impossible to turn when playing on a laptop without a mouse attached the other concept is just based off a reasource while it's only used for TWO weapons in the game which means that all that work for getting it is just not worth it if I were to suggest a way to improve this game it would have to be to look at games like Starcraft2, Grey Goo, Universe at War Earth Assault and the Command and Conquer series because they all have something that this game lacks and that's a working gimmic Grey Goo and Universe at War have factions that play completly differnt from one another, C&C has a reasource that slowly kills most infantry units who stay inside it for to long and Starcraft2 has a second reasource that is used for most upgrades to every possible area and only the strongest units that a faction has to offer does Executive Assualt have potental maybe but it just controls to poorly and doesn't fully deliver on what it's trailer makes it seem like."
76561198169254015,Recommended,331500,22854120,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Hitler Did Nothing Wrong,♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10
76561198096369047,Recommended,331500,18948604,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Turkey,DONT READ JUST BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY
,Recommended,331500,19531322,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Vinrafel,"First Impressions Video:https://youtu.be/xPRL_IwEvvgExecutive Assault is a mix of RTS and FPS. You can play as any of your ever so expendable robot soldiers in an attempt to kill the enemy CEO.I think that this is a good game, with a significant condition. The game is not very fun if you play on your own. As a game to play with your friends, it's great. Ther's a lot of depth to the game and even more potential to fool around.Now, that stipulation. The AI is kind of cheap. I had it on what apeared to be the lowest setting sand they start with fully upgraded weapons for their robots (so it would seem). It's not an issue if you want ot play with friends (which you should, it's pretty dang fun), this is just somethign to keep in mind."
76561198091612050,Recommended,331500,32991690,Posted: 29 June,all,CThomasPie,"This review comes in two parts story and actual review so if you just want a funny stroy scroll to the endPart 1: actual reviewIf you really want to have fun with this game you're are gonna want three other friends with you, or have 19 other friends (I'll get to that later) There are few in game tutorials but if you follow them all and play a few games you should be able to figure out everything. The graphics while not the best are made up for in gameplay. Its easy to run even on the highest graphics settings. The gameplay is smooth and the research tree is good (maybe a bit unbalanced when it comes to energy weapons) The main thing you want is firends, without friends the game is boooooring.Part 2: The storyMy firend and I got into a 1v1 Friend had no idea how to play, as i was teaching hin i rushed his base and shot him kerpranking him and winning the round, then when i turned on executrons and invited another friend the first friend was supposed to be a ceo but at the last moment before the game started the ceo friend switched to an executron breaking the game forcing us all to reboot kerpranking all of us again 10/10 would kerprank again"
,Recommended,331500,32679695,Posted: 23 June,all,Skyler Spitfire,"This game is loads of fun honestly, it looks goofy as hell but its great"
76561198036825267,Recommended,331500,27757282,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Amadaus,Its good
76561198080399577,Recommended,331500,20034948,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Blue,I like the concept it's so clever i don't think i've ever seen a game with some much depth into it
,Recommended,331500,23942981,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,NiteArtorias,"Better pvp mechanics than Dark Souls 3. With really difficult learning curves like strafing and jumping.Riveting and realistic environments (Can't wait for the map pack!)Realisitc shooting mechanics (Four rockets hitting a bot's feet does no damage)A lot of character development with each of the executive characters.Great soundtrack consisting of 3 amazing songs.7.8/10, too much water."
76561198137760471,Recommended,331500,25366822,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Aid,Cool
76561198111066217,Recommended,331500,20755561,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Dewp,best game 2015 shud hav been goty instead of witcher 3
76561198082424063,Recommended,331500,20412277,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,KingofCiv,10/10 rekt this m8 ayy-nasty he didnt even stand a chance
,Recommended,331500,23727384,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,WildHobbits,"A very fun RTS. I love the whole RTS/FPS concept, and would really like some games to use it in the future."
,Recommended,331500,23378278,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,ashermash,great game play it all the time (5 stars abnormal award from me)
76561198232623112,Recommended,331500,25332994,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,PyroSerpent,needs improvement.
,Recommended,331500,18478358,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Where's my Laundry Sauce,"I will make a review in a bit, but for now take my yes. Its a great game."
,Recommended,331500,20413056,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Conworks,When i join a game and play as Executron it wont let me spawn in? anyone know why.Also this game is awesome i would recommend it to anyone
76561198069019272,Recommended,331500,18472536,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Praetorian,Wow this game was made by a single guy and that it's fps and rts really makes the game outstanding. I think this one man/womens work is far better than a dev team doing it due to all his/her ideas making this game really unique and awesome. Great work
,Recommended,331500,22206296,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Maskedviper,"it was good for an indy title, not much else to say"
76561198274690439,Recommended,331500,28653280,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,MarcusIndeed,10/10 its ok
76561198034609008,Recommended,331500,26665929,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Caesar,LOVE THIS GAME :)
,Recommended,331500,29967530,Posted: 16 February,all,Señor Ben Chang,"So much potential, please keep working on it."
,Recommended,331500,17238342,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Acid Rain,For anyone on the fence about getting Executive Assualt. Here is a video I did of what you can look forward to in this amazing game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8v6y0NNyOrAThough it is a bit long still for something that blends RTS strategy with FPS Action this game has so much potential. It's worth the money if not more.
76561198037314902,Recommended,331500,25888837,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,SCARRIOR,"Some game breaking bugs when you switch units, however this is perhaps a very unique experience and the game is really fun in it's own way.Skynet Simulator 10/10"
76561198049099282,Recommended,331500,32784379,Posted: 25 June,all,Neo Post Hair Grunge,litty af
,Not Recommended,331500,34204013,Posted: 12 August,all,Flame2057,10-15 FPS on lowest graphics in first person mode. A shame such a good game is so poorly optimized.
76561198129411806,Recommended,331500,19814443,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,TheAmazingArachnidMan,"Great Game. My only wish is that when you take direct control of a unit, that you have the option to have all your other units do their own thing."
,Not Recommended,331500,33542410,Posted: 14 July,all,Smileyhead,"Personally, after trying the game out, I would not recommend purchasing it at full price. Even though there is some interesting content, there is not really enough for lengthy or many matches. As is evident, the visual quality of the game is rather poor and the perfomance of the game is shocking, considering the fact that the visual quality is not that great.Overall, the game has great potential and I would support the development of a sequel which has large improvements over the this game in the mentioned aspects."
,Not Recommended,331500,18242124,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Pvt_Cub,"This is a very fast paced skirmish game. You don't have much time to use the first person controls due to the micro managment within the 5 to 10 min game length. Not much of a pc game, more suited for a phone.If you like quick battles, then by all means pick this up on sale.If you like RTS games, then look somewhere else."
76561198142347387,Not Recommended,331500,29098125,Posted: 7 January,all,The earth is flat,"Fun game but is very poorly optomized and crashes alot. If the dev fixes optomization problems, reduces the long research times, and overall makes the game run smoother (some how the game is demanding even though it doesnt look super good) and also nerf the missiles and the awful radar station that shoots meteorites then it would be a better time. Maybe allow people who leave to reconnect too. But overall its decent fun with friends."
,Not Recommended,331500,22058862,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,7000 Skeletons,"The pieces are all here, but they're all from different puzzles. It needs a lot more work, and some really basic things are missing that you would expect to find in any RTS.On another note, I stayed up until 4 AM playing a 3 hour long game that culminated in my friend's game crashing and me killing him while he couldn't even defend himself. Playing this game is like making an ice cream cone, going to take your first bite, and then the ice cream plopping out of the cone and on to your shoes."
,Not Recommended,331500,20160679,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Woodcutter,"I really like the idea of this game, and barging into the CEO's office and blasting him with an energy rifle while a hundred robots fight downstairs is awesome, I really like it. But I can't seriously reccomend the game in it's current state to just anyone, this game has a few problems that are a deal breaker for most. I can work past the bugs and the hideously out dated visuals, but I can't say the same for everyone. But I can say, Dev, you must have sold over 400 copies by now, judging from the amount of user reviews, I did some math, and at a rough estimate I'd say something over 2 grand (but probably more because all I did was $10 x 400 - %50 (if Valve were♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, which are all worst case scenarios in terms of sales), that should be enough to warrant further work on the games visuals and polish. I don't know the extent of the work being done, I'm just stating the obvious, that this game is, while a fantastic concept and it is really satisfying and fun (occasionally epic), it needs much more work before I can reccomend it to just anybody."
76561198058000656,Recommended,331500,23739966,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,navy3001,first day having the gamei spawn in the top toweri build light inftery units with only the normal guni reserch Bunkersi reserch Larg Turretsi spam build bunker with turrets on them all over the hostile basei rush in with my eco to die by defenses inside the basegg would die by defenses again
,Not Recommended,331500,31814032,Posted: 17 May,all,Schmidt,It's dead
76561197969989503,Not Recommended,331500,17150136,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Endless Summer,"The game has some interesting ideas and is certainly a different style of RTS, though with a strong classic feel to it. Unfortunately it suffers greatly from a clunky and unresponsive interface, as well as poor framerates and crashes. The control you have over your units as an RTS commander is very basic. Needs much more work I think if it's to execute the idea it seems to be going for properly."
76561198147781201,Recommended,331500,25948417,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Nathan the Legionare,Realy Good!
76561198051956369,Recommended,331500,32485587,Posted: 16 June,all,Pistolman,Best RTS game in my opinion
76561197965335765,Recommended,331500,23005459,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,bpdonald10,its fun 10/10
76561198068251617,Recommended,331500,23011929,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,prolly,vary good game
,Recommended,331500,25725598,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,IsaacCaliFromMaltaSliema,nice game is good graphics but i have a glitch respones for more detailes
76561198041391106,Recommended,331500,20609548,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Spurdo Spärde,"thought i would destroy my friend who was a noob who i just bought the game for.i had a crap load of walkers with lasers and heavy phased mass mini gunstons of tankstons of troopsi had top of the line interior security and large turretshe sent he forces overthey were 25 a12 bots, one tier of armour above mine but my troops were better armedthey had shields that i had never seen used beforei found out the hard way. they destroyed everything while my friend tried to find a way into my basei was panickingmy friend was destroying my turrets and doorsi jumped out of my laptop and activated my bases self destructmy friend was coming up in the elevatori told him to waithe didnthis elevator arrivedmine was still coming uphe killed my five easy to kill robot guardshe started shooting at mei got got killed just as my elevator came upi  yelled at him while he laughed at metl;dr got reked by a nooby friends and raged about itgreat darn game an easy 10/10 PICK THIS UP NOW"
,Recommended,331500,20044766,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,SOCK B-day Oct 12th,Get dis game.
76561198099086594,Recommended,331500,17421122,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,..water..,http://cow.org/csi/
76561198079896941,Recommended,331500,28621633,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,The Pumpkin Man,SO FUN
,Recommended,331500,28379720,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Brettwardo,This game is da♥♥♥♥♥♥niggggaSo original so unique
76561198272339365,Recommended,331500,30179844,Posted: 25 February,all,AppleSauceKingWS,it is good geam
76561198119586358,Recommended,331500,30166245,Posted: 25 February,all,jakethebandit,pretty gud
76561198126388593,Not Recommended,331500,32289873,Posted: 9 June,all,churays,"Early access,early robbing"
,Not Recommended,331500,22464470,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,[IBC] Mc Klumpfisk,"This game suffers from a lot of technical issues. We had it launch the commander as an executron, and then the game crashed. If you alt+tab this game, it crashes. You cannot access the menu while playing as an executron. The game wasn't fun in any way, and hosted more trouble than it's worth.This game feels like an early access game, but since it isn't sold under this tag, I cannot reccomend it."
,Not Recommended,331500,18172056,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,[J4M35-34RL-C4$H],"Very disappointed in this game and the gameplay dynamic totally took me by surprise, was a let down the screenshots make this game look better than it is, stuck at the start keep getting killed within the first 2 minutes. Shouldn't waste 15 good dollars on this game, plenty of better games out there, probably for cheaper too! I uninstalled.Update: I reinstalled to try again. The Tutorials are NOT very inviting, So I felt like I was going back in time when I had to force myself to read the manual. Yet the robotic tutorial voice is not so great, so it is very hard to follow the tutorial videos, they should have a replay button or something. It just ends and you think...""So what did it just tell me?"" ...Also the tutorials were not synched up to what I was doing. They start by a trigger event, but that fails to realise what I have done, very frustrating and I believe most of them had more than one area covered in the one time play, tutorial videos.This caused me to try different things at random and it didn't feel fun. I was playing a solo game against no-one like it said on the main menu to get familiar with the game. Unfortunately this leads me to thinking that there is really only one starting path to choose from, and setting up your base with the essentials just seem tedious, which is why Im not bothering to start a me vs AI game because I feel I need to know exactly how to play the game and know every technology path JUST so I wont die miserably, and even if I did I still won't be having fun with this game. Why? because there is no learning curve in my opinion, you have to know it all before playing it by reading up the guides on it, leading me to think that mostly this game was for the creator and people who play multi because there is many faults that need to be fixed.1. Interior doors should be closed and locked to begin with!2. I found a bug, after taking direct control of a robot in the field, I exited back into the RTS view, problem was that THEN the WASD keys stopped working for moving around the base in RTS view, luckily I had the radar reseached and built so I was able to continue by moving around with clicks on the map!3. Another bug! On the RTS view, you can only ""drag select"" units, not a simple left click... ?4. The map seems to small for a 4vs4 game5. Thats all I have so far, Im still unsure whether I want to play this again, But I might if the dev addresses these issues soon!Unfortunately at this time I cannot recommend anyone buy this game."
76561197995457994,Not Recommended,331500,29776267,Posted: 7 February,all,chasing_squirrel,"ok i find the idea intresting but i've run into a problem instantly.The sound is horrible, i tryed to go to the options (f10 key for menu, not esc for god knows what reason) to maybe find a option that let me actually understand what the robot voice in the tutorial says. I thought it wouldn't be a big deal if i close the tutorial fix the sound and restart the tutorial. But ohhh no, there is no option for fixing the robo voice (wich sounds kinda broken tbh) and now the tutorial is gone and i can't get it back. This wouldn't be a problem if the controls were a bit more intuitive or less clunky. I tryed to find the company contact details on the web to ask about these things but alas there was nothing to be found. A shame that i have to thumb this down since the message from the dev that pops up when you first open the game, felt like it came from the heart. If you want to be sad then get this game. Otherwise i would just follow it for now and hope for a patch. I can't even give a x/10 score bc the game won't let me learn about it with the voice and tut problems. Its like its asking for a thumb down D:"
,Not Recommended,331500,18800808,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Binero,"The game is very unintuitive and crashes every 10 to 30 minutes; this won't let you finish a game. I do not recommend getting this game now, maybe in the future these breaking issues will be resolved."
,Not Recommended,331500,23514478,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,ArticNova,IMO there is not much to do and the maps are pretty small. It's also extermly annoying when right after you destroy a structure a repair bot rebuilds it in less than 10 seconds so you can never actually cut off the power to the enemy iron mines which they use to build more bots.
,Not Recommended,331500,17949138,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Alessandro The Italian Love Owl,"An extremely promising title that is fun, to an extent. When playing with friends, towards the endgame when we have massive armies built, the game changes and basically splits into two entirely different scenarios, one where my units won't move for my friend, and he can't kill them, but for me, his units aren't moving, and I can't kill them. Once this problem is resolved this game really will be fantastic, but obviously it needed a little more time in the oven."
76561198061277088,Not Recommended,331500,18574023,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,TheGamingDisease,needs major work before i would consider it wortht the buy. great idea behind it though
76561198120695891,Not Recommended,331500,24091856,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Alien 480,"i get that this is a one man team butttt as a game it needs help. i was most upset to see no campaign which is a key point in an rts. research for better weapons should be more linear, i started my game and went for the biggest guns from the start and defeated the ai with firepower and numbers under 10 mins. itd make more sense to start with peashooter and get to laser beam of death in late game but the research allows you to start researching death laser beginning of the game for easy firepower. again getting this tech now allows you to put it on all things you have which is SUPER op having a tank or walker with death lasers 6 mins into the game.going on the research rant. id like to be able to select multiple researches to be done in sucession instead of having to stop combat to look through the tree to see what i want next.the vehicle units are pretty varied and i like this aspect a lot. but the infantry units are basically all the same, aircraft suck to control, and the long range facility is OP in every way. like with the LRF you can just bombard the enemy with no cost to yourself whcih is really OP. like have it cost money or a cool down timer.on top of this op facility power management sucks. like i get collect more crystals to get more power but itd make more sense to have to upgrade the facility to get more power from it.in conclusion this is a game made for mainly player vs player. something i dont see happening ever."
76561198124280939,Not Recommended,331500,17620489,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,MoistHooterbear,"This game is a good game in progress, but it needs things fixed before i can really say its worth buying. Right now the ai are horrible."
,Recommended,331500,22467049,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,khief ceef,guaca bowle
,Not Recommended,331500,22621839,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Xavier : Renegade Angel,"Really good idea, bt its just simply not execueted properly. I think if it's worked on more to polish it up, it'd be worth buying again."
76561198065592746,Not Recommended,331500,21958417,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,d5hadow,"Would not recommend, wait until full release."
76561197992964908,Not Recommended,331500,20255926,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,CC|Schulterkrueppel,"at this point 3rd Jan. 2016, the game is unplayable, the controls are buggy. well i might not have read the manuel to activate the full automated micromanagement but when i control one unit dirctly all other units behave like they are offline. well most of you young players might not know the games from befor 2000 but there was a game that had already bsae building and direkt control of units in an rts strategy game and there it worked, here it is far form being any joy."
76561198105397165,Not Recommended,331500,22750212,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,MrBug9898,"This game has a great idea to it. an RTS and FPS mix? outstanding? but what does it not mention? the limited build space, the extreme learning curve, and the ultra painful attempts of turning a robot. i would not recomend..."
76561198074845005,Recommended,331500,30923398,Posted: 3 April,all,nanachi,its real good
,Recommended,331500,34345231,Posted: 19 August,all,mattwildlife,SCREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEIM A PTERADATYL BIRDIE
,Recommended,331500,32685970,Posted: 23 June,all,Bill Spy The Russian Nye,Amazin
,Not Recommended,331500,23444587,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,jtmaster9,Very Fun I love the concept but crashes way too often only payed multiplayer with a friend so IDK about single player
76561198033984863,Not Recommended,331500,17169902,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Archer (Argonian Brony),"this games potential is huge but now its just not the best it can be. The other materials you need are spread over the map and they are as small as they can be and the others that come fall from the sky but you dont know where. if they could put an alert that says ""this is coming here"" or some way to show that the crystals you need on the map somewhere instead of having to look for a four leaf clover in the clover field thats larger than a football stadium. Not only that they have no difficulty selection and the AI is a bit tough even for new players (though the tutorial is realy good) from what ive played the FPS is functional unit creation and research is good building is good and the rts is ok but not the greatest of course. if your good at this stuff go ahead and buy it you will love it but the challenge of the hard AI easter hunting for materials is just not my thing if they add the things ive stated before i will gladly play this more but ill wait for the sequel witch i have no doubt will happen :)"
,Not Recommended,331500,25771376,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Kecta,Good luck playing multiplayer in this game.
76561198204389932,Recommended,331500,33205785,Posted: 3 July,all,squiglybacon,hi
,Not Recommended,331500,28779979,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Saiki Ψ Kusuo,"Dead game, don't even bother. The only lobbies people set up are all locked.p.s. I have more hours in this game than anyone other reviewers so I know what I'm talking about. If you want to waste your money be my guest but not everyone has down syndrome. Shilling won't revive the game."
,Not Recommended,331500,24623825,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Jack Reaver,"This was released as a game, not an early access title, a game fully finished. When I tab out the game crashes, the controls are terrible, and the game is stiff as hell, this is not a finished title. This game was released 2015. Executive Assault has potential to be good I like these kinds of games but I really do not support this dishonesty, you know it's bad when the this first thing your greeted with is a sympathy plee. Bussiness and personal life are two different topics, like I said this game has potential but in it's current state it is not worth a second glance. This game isn't worth pirating let alone buying."
,Not Recommended,331500,24566434,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Papa B,"Ok, I have a few problems,Pros:-I like the mechanic where you can take over the mind of one of your troops, it's interesting, and it lets you be part of the battle instead of letting a bunch of dumbass AI troops do it for you. It's fun and when you're part of a really big battle, it just makes it a little worth while.-It's really fun when you have cheats, you can actually get your troops better gear faster than the enemy.Cons:-Maybe I just suck at RTS games, but the enemy troops get their tanks and such way too fast, it's like you have been given all this time to get your research and materials ready, and the AI has it done like it's the ♥♥♥♥ing flash. Like it's going so faster than ♥♥♥♥ing quicksilver and just did all that in a fraction of a secound. (I'm over exagerrating of course.)-No one is playing, no humans so you can find someone to play with that actually can build base like a human and not a ♥♥♥♥ing superhero with super speed.Score: 5/10Fix the AI so it can build a base like a normal human, at a normal human speed, and please, fix the multiplayer.This has potential, but it would not buy it at it's current state."
,Not Recommended,331500,18913575,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Gay Guillaume,"In my honest opinion this game was released far too early into it's lifespan, when it stll felt kind of like a mid to late alpha stage. With the continuation of major addition and patch updates past 1.0 it makes me wonder if one should even consider the game released, or if the release was just to reel in people not willing to buy early access games. I want to warn people that the game does not look or feel finished, and to expect major updates even after the game has been released, don't let the missing early access tag fool you.Not reccommended yet."
76561198199170718,Not Recommended,331500,25471199,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Jacoboi,my game will NOT turn on!the screen just goes pink and freezes before i get to the main menu.
76561198011168834,Not Recommended,331500,22778678,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,bear,"I would not reccomend this game yet. I will tell you what I dont like about it first: graphics are 15th gen, nobody plays it, and because it is just a copy of Supreme Commander with drones and the ability to control them (you cant control the drones. you can control the robots, but i think it would make the game a bit more popular if you could)Here is what i like about it: the ability to control robots. nothing else."
,Not Recommended,331500,22464565,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,HareKussE,this is downloadable cancer. nothing else has to be said about this pile og pixel junk
,Recommended,331500,31837244,Posted: 19 May,all,NERV,"F'ing Terrible game. DO NOT BUY. Unfinished and disappointing. Could have been something great.A special message from my fan SilentKore 29 May @ 12:37pmSwitch your review to negative, dumbass.This kid thinks so ... so why wouldnt you do what he said.10/10 ... no way in hell id play this again.(Recommend this game to dumdasses like SilentKore)"
76561198125829072,Not Recommended,331500,21672802,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,[ER24] Zong,the maps are terrible an small . i dont care about the graphics there not even that bad. everything seemed smooth on singleplayer didnt get to try muliplayer.
76561198010021695,Not Recommended,331500,33027123,Posted: 30 June,all,Squirrelknight,"I have no idea where all these positive reviews are coming from but this is the worst RTS AND the worst FPS I have ever played in my life. The controls are clunky, the game looks like it came out in 1999, it's slow, the ""strategy"" is impenetrable, portions of the game remain buggy and broken, it's boring by yourself and impossible to play with anyone else, victory is long, boring and provides no sense of accomplishment, and every single thing from the controls to the gameplay to the sound work to the voice acting to the user interface, EVERYTHING completely sucks balls. I'd go further into detail but I refuse to expend more effort on this game than the developers did."
,Not Recommended,331500,30450568,Posted: 11 March,all,Third Class,"Dev stopped supporting the game and it is still unfinished, don't buy it."
76561198129654095,Not Recommended,331500,24254976,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,JUDO,will not open
,Not Recommended,331500,17132423,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,RadGH,"It's a pretty cool concept but it's full of rough edges. Some things have a lot of really interesting detail, like the elevators have elevator music and you can have battles inside.But there's a lot of flaws...- 80% of the time connecting to my friend gives ""NATTARGETNOTCONNECTED"". We don't have problems hosting any other multiplayer games, and the error is not helpful.- Terribly balanced. I don't even know where to begin. Things aren't so much overpowered, just they don't work as expected or the AI doesn't know how to aim at the right targets.- Near impossible to micro manage due to poor controls.- Main menu music not affected by sound sliders. Very loud.- Tutorial videos have some british guy with a lisp, then some robotic effect applied. Very difficult to understand.- Some really lacking researches, like +5% armor for a specific unit type.- You can easily defend yourself by calling the elevators as soon as they reach the bottom, before the doors open. Just stalls the game, but very annoying.- Lightning gun has a very long recharge time, but the reload indicator doesn't work for it.- Very poor unit control, clunky first person mode switching- Impossible to force attack certain objects.- Very small map selection, and most aren't very interesting."
,Not Recommended,331500,18523024,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,AlfAS,terrible
,Recommended,331500,22921623,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Vice Admiral Lord Horatio Nelson,👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀 good♥♥♥♥♥♥go౦ԁ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thats ✔ some good👌♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥right👌👌there👌👌👌 right✔there ✔✔if i do ƽaү so my self 💯 i say so 💯 thats what im talking about right there right there (chorus: ʳᶦᵍʰᵗ ᵗʰᵉʳᵉ) mMMMMᎷМ💯 👌👌 👌НO0ОଠOOOOOОଠଠOoooᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒ👌 👌👌 👌 💯 👌 👀 👀 👀 👌👌Good♥♥♥♥♥
76561198128021390,Not Recommended,331500,19101875,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,scarfaced_puma,SUCKS FIRST WHEN YOU TELL A UNIT WERE TO GO THEY DONT GO WHEN THEY MOVE THEY ARE TEN FEET AWAT FROM WERE YOU TOLD TEM O G O 2 GETS LAGY AND IT NOT MY CUPUTER ITS WORTH 10000 AND IT CAN HAVE HI GRAPICS AND IT WOULD LAG 3 I WAS PLAYING FOR ABOUT 3 HOURS IN A GAME AND I ONLY HAD 1OUT OF 3 TO KILL AND RIGHT WHEN I WAS ABOUT TO WIN IT CRASHED NOT WORTH THE MONEY UNLESS THEY FIX IT AND THARS MORE THAN WHAT I SAID
76561198007982650,Not Recommended,331500,21263486,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,jeanphe,♥♥♥♥ this game
76561198071673385,Not Recommended,331500,21317343,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,zythux,1st person graphics are bad
,Not Recommended,331500,26665140,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Shepard,"It is an okay game, really fun like really fun but a bit laggy. You can have amazing fights, but then the game will crash, every single game with my friends it crashes.You should not get this game, because by the time you are about to get into a war the game will crash.Please trust me when i say it crashes every single game with your friends."
76561198051314286,Not Recommended,331500,24590208,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Xernias,The game isnt fun period end story
76561198263218863,Not Recommended,331500,30570961,Posted: 17 March,all,Derpfestor,"The game has a good concept, but it crashed a lot on my pc for the time i played. I can play Total war warhammer on my pc and it crashed 2 times."
76561198014874521,Not Recommended,331500,17144499,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,George Foreman Grill,"Refunded the game because multiplayer is unworkable. You have to verify your cache every time you re-load the game and want to play multiplayer.There are also massive optimization issues even for computers that far surpass the recommended specs like mine.Finally, there are many spelling and grammar errors. The developer cannot spell and has not bothered to have anyone look over his text.This is why you shouldn't give a game a pass just for being in early access. When it comes to the final game it will be filled with errors that the developer would have fixed otherwise."
76561198268569102,Not Recommended,331500,20885973,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,phyl,I URGE YOU TO NOT BUY THIS. IT'S NOT WORTH A RAT'S BACKSIDE.
76561198116016235,Recommended,331500,30715544,Posted: 24 March,all,ciel,Totaly worth getting this game its⊂_ヽ＼＼ ＿＼(　•_•) F<　⌒ヽ A/ 　 へ＼ B/　　/　＼＼ Uﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ L/　/ O/　/ U(　(ヽ S|　|、＼.| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /ノ )　　Lﾉ__(／___
,Not Recommended,331500,17235368,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,KamikazeCommie,"StartedTutorial was terribleDidn't know wtf was happeningGave up buildingCharged enemy with CEODied'Ok lets try again'StartEnter consoleBuild up a bitAI enemy starts sending planes while I'm building my first iron extractor'WTF how'Ooops now I can't select unitsCool gamebreaking bug in the first 3 minutes of play♥♥♥♥ it charge with CEO againDied♥♥♥♥ING WATCH MYSELF DIE IN SUPER SLOW MOTION YAY♥♥♥♥ this game, seriously.2/10 never bothered opening againGames like this need a demo version because US$13 is a huge price to pay for a dud. ♥♥♥♥ing ridiculous how Steam or ANYONE can charge actual money for this piece of ♥♥♥♥."
76561197974171618,Not Recommended,331500,17107433,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,tyrrell82,"Very unpolished with gameplay crashes, poor sound, poor situational awareness... My initial impression from the video's was that, ""Wow! This game looks really fun"". I actually wish, now, that i'd passed purchasing this title.From the beginning, the developer has stated that he is doing all the program himself and that he needs the money... Granted.However, from using the Unity Engine to complete the game, its obvious that this is a cash grab from the developer for a very very very unpolished title. Avoid."
,Not Recommended,331500,22916479,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Sharp,meh
76561198126736665,Not Recommended,331500,23129604,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,ClankyTuba704,Not my cup of tea.
,Not Recommended,331500,14942946,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,SpaceBuddy,needs a lot of work
,Not Recommended,331500,31039102,Posted: 9 April,all,Irishwoodcut,A really poorly made game with deceptively nice looking screenshots. Roughly what the 360 arcade was flooded with.
76561198132297366,Not Recommended,331500,14969157,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,(AC) ironfistuup,i have the porblem of it not working i hit play to play the game and in 1 sec it says it stopped working dose anyone have that porblem
76561198180477451,Not Recommended,331500,31731292,Posted: 13 May,all,SANS,"good game but i got bored after about 2 hours and a half  ... pls can i get a refund... :( .. i dont really recommend atm because you will mostly get bored before you can even say ""sausage on toast"" ... pls give me a refund..."
76561197970560363,Not Recommended,331500,34689300,Posted: 2 September,all,gameplayer13905,Do not buy this game if you're expecting to play any kind of single player mission. This game has two modes: single and multi player but both just point you to a list of skirmish maps. Bad bad bad. Dont waste your cash on this dog. I'm getting a refund
,Not Recommended,331500,29988814,Posted: 17 February,all,Negoos,its crap
76561197988957254,Not Recommended,331500,29342880,Posted: 18 January,all,Oodous,after 5 min dumped it to the trash can.
,Recommended,331500,30380273,Posted: 7 March,all,Cornelius V. Osmond,The CEO needs to have proper foam in his mouth when using the neuro link - apart from that its perfect.
76561198064547129,Recommended,331500,30582790,Posted: 17 March,all,OKTOBERFEST csgoroll.com,"It is a great idea for a game, the game is pretty good right now but it is small, their are not that mant maps and units yet, and i dont know if the deloper is planing on adding more, but god damn i love the game the idea of controlling yor units first person is amazing. i love that you have to inflitrate an enemy base not just blow the damn thing up.in short great idea okay game a few bugsspeaking of bugs-some airships get stuck in ground after spawningand cons of gameno option for mouse sensitivitynot good graphics for a game made in 2015voice acting is bad, i cant understand alot of it with the robot filterso all and all 7/10 would play againplz add maps and fix werid moue sensitivity"
,Recommended,331500,22488422,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,-LIRRET-,"the game has a little way to go, but the concept is great!pros:amazing conceptprovides a fair few hours of multiplayer gameplay before becoming tediousawesome if you have freinds to play withreasonably large range of units and unit customisationscons:graphics are okay, not unplayable by any means just fairly basic, clear but low detail.maps are very boring, needs more thought in map designcan glitch out occasionally for unkown reasons, thats my current biggest issue with the game.overall i would say its worth buying if you have someone to play with, it can be extremely fun if there are a lot of people in a game, games take from 45 mins to 2 hrs, depending on playstyle etc. there are methods and tactics to learn, so it not a linear unit spam kind of game which is nice, and the concept of RTS based FPS mix is incredible and gives the game a much better feel, although this can be OP VS bots ( if the correct tactics are used ), but over i have full support for this game as/if it develops further, as it could truly be one of the best RTS's around.hope this helps you make a decision :)"
76561198130267755,Recommended,331500,17212787,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Nojacles,"A very ambitious game.The maps are small and limited. The first person physics needs tweeking. It def needs the zoom to focus on the mouse cursor and not the middle of the screen. Added controls and shorts keys a must.While infested with bugs, this game is off the heezy!!!When learning to play this game, you will be visited many times in your office by the opposing forces' robots as they charge into your fortress. This will force you into FPS mode where you are virtually helpless. The sense of urgency this invokes is a feeling lacking in most strategy games.Managemnet of resources, offense, and deffense occurs in real time. Being able to prevent one robot from entering your base is the mission's prime directive from the get as the game could end in 30 seconds if you can't stop one effing robot!  The management of power allocation governs the rates and affectiveness of resource gathering, buildings, and defense. You can only upgrade once at a time. Foresight in this game will make the difference in survival."
76561198128494638,Recommended,331500,17266134,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,|TSC|The2lied,Its a great mix between an RTS and an FPS and i have never seen anything like it. It could use a bit more detail and other such things but its good.8/10
76561198085658389,Recommended,331500,17250141,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Bob (～￣▽￣)～,if developers continue developing thid game would be great :D
76561198116390632,Recommended,331500,17282455,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,clayman,its  so cool to  build an army and then be in that army and try to take out the ruvals in a rather deadly way there are not alot of games like this which is why i love it
76561198020452788,Recommended,331500,17282515,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,spoonfage,this game is an amzing game its the black sheep in the flock. i play age of empires and other rtss but this is lovely difference. to design your troops and controll them is so gratifing . i recommend this game to anyone who enjoys rts andfps (dont exspect cod)
,Recommended,331500,17287226,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,co-caine,Good gamememem
,Recommended,331500,17191809,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Logan Scott,Forgot my job interview to try and become a real CEO 10/10.(Actual Review I'm terrible at writing reviews so here goes.)This game is good. This game is really good I've only played it for as long as I have because of family greetings and such I would be playing it currently if I wasn't writing this review it's a joy to play with friends and when you get bored in the RTS (Which doesn't happen often) you can always switch down to the FPS and try and assassinate the other player.Pros:Different take on RTS'sCreative Research SystemCreative Setup.One guy made it all.Come on you can shoot people with tanks that you made!Also all cons are probably going to get fixed because its early access.You can actually go inside of buildings.Cons:The aircraft is overpowered.E is to switch to CEO view for a last stand which is neat but I end up clicking it accidentally way too much.The graphics aren't fantastic.You can shoot infinite distance while all the RTS units can't.Whenever you're in FPS it seems that the AI targets you.The maps are without cover.The ai doesn't extract metal but still gets it for some reason...Overall 8/10 I'd recommend it now and I also feel like it will improve in the future.
,Recommended,331500,17198573,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Mag.,"I don't write a lot of reviews, but I'm going out of my way to write this one.This game is amazing. It's already feature rich and very fun with a decent playerbase. The graphics are still WIP but currently are enough. The dev is active and communicates with players.TL;DR: BUY THIS GAME NOW"
,Recommended,331500,17202389,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,SpartanOmega,Before reading this i just want to say alot of this will be personal opinion and might not happen in your experience-------------------------------------------------------PROS---------------------------------------------------------------Amazing idea-Crazy amount of potential-Graphics arn't too bad but arn't too good either-Its also one of these rare games that come out of early access so make that a Pro++------------------------------------------------------CONS----------------------------------------------------------------Bugs are everywhere-Multiplayer isn't fully worked out yet (but is still playable)-Performance issues on low to medium end pcs-AI just rushes 1 tech tree and stays with it (mainly just tanks first then infantry but will innovate depending on the difficulty)-Finally there is no save feature currently for singleplayer matches-Some of the art assets in the tech tree look hand drawn by a 6 year old (ETC. Rocket and Multi Rockets in the Balistic Weapons Tech tree)---------------------------------------------------CONCLUSION---------------------------------------------------------Overall this game is so much fun and is basicly a steal for only 11$ and the developer is coming out with patches every other day to help improve the game but if you are going to pick this game up make sure you adapt quickly because the A.I won't stop so you can figure the game out for yourself (but there are tutorial videos when you launch the game for the first few times) so this is my reveiw on Executive Assault and hopefully you found this useful
,Recommended,331500,17201954,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Marie Smalley,"This review was made 7 days after release so I know some things will have changed :)PROS- Beautiful mix of FPS, RTS and pretty much the supreme commander games with a first person abillity.- Disabling the reactor coolant is just F**KING amazing.- Being able to design your own robots and vehicles etc gives a superb sense of this is your own personal touch.- Robot armies are 2 kool 4 skool.- The sense of scale when you look around in first person.CONS- Slight fps drops during combat with huge fps drops in larger bases during longer games and i'm running i7 4770k 3.50 GHz paired with 16 gb ram and a gtx 780ti.- Graphics are not the best in the world.- Some of the enemy ai don't react when you are in their base.- Missiles and artillery are overpowered- Matches need to last longer somehow, its too simple to win rush units at the start and win win winI hope that this game continues to be updated because by lord gaben iv'e never played a game like it before :D100% worth the price it is at now."
,Recommended,331500,17361045,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Voightment,"After playing this game for about an hour and a half it was very addicting. The overall feel of the game is a bit clunky and at first confusing but after a while the game opens up to strategies and tons of fun. One thing I found difficult about Executive  Assault was the tutorial videos were difficult to understand, If that were fixed it would be much better but it is a work in progress."
76561197971346193,Recommended,331500,17363452,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,[aden] Delta_440,"Great concept, great game."
76561198103506421,Recommended,331500,17480319,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,SmittyWerberJagerManJensen,"As I first looked at executive assault, I thought it was a simple RTS and FPS hybrid.My first game I was very confused with the game itself, because I was dumb and skipped the tutorial.but after 3 games of getting shot in the face in the first 5 minutes, I learned how to play the game properly.NOTE: I have not played multiplayer on this game.IMPORTANT TIP: play in windowed mode so nif it crashes your not screwedPros:Great MusicGood GameplayDat Martini :)Great Control (tip: Default mouse sensitivity way to high)Runs wellDecent graphics (on Med.)Cons:Some minor bugs (to be expected with early access)AI glitches ALOTKinda Tedious after a whileCrashes ALOTI highly recommend this game to any rts fans who are bored of the classic rts games"
76561198050993000,Recommended,331500,17470766,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Gamers Mind,"when i saw a review on youtube by worth a buy i thought to myself that this looks like a great game, i bought it and didn't regret yet.the game still gets updated and works great, graphics might not be the best and the tanks move in a direction they don't point to, but i'm sure the developer will fix that and as the developer said it's a low budget game after all, he still made a great game and hes still trowing his time and love into it and i am really happy to see that.basicly what is this game in my experience:you have to capture iron mines to gain resources and scavange crystals and special objects to get a advantage in the battle, at the same time there is a huge tech tree and alot to customize your units, the ennemy will try alot to kill your CEO and they fortify there base very well, the AI is actually really good and you can actually walk trough your own base, as CEO or a unit you builded, you can even see how the robots are made in the factory, and i truely enjoyed it so farif you have 12,99 euro just trow it in your shopping cart, this game is really awesome and the developer just deserves it as he did a great job"
76561198080287895,Recommended,331500,17475332,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Detective Puppy,awsome game but a glitch where i cant kill the apponent but he could kill me
76561198023307252,Recommended,331500,18036047,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,FriendlyGamerGuy,"My first match against a computer AI enemy (The janitor one) went like this:- Figure out what buildings to build.- Build a handful of robot infantry.- Realize the enemy already took over the enitre other 3/4th's of the map and has tanks/aircraft coming at me.- Try to build a tank and watch enemy tanks shoot into the factory at my tank while it's building.- Notice enemy robot infantry are in my HQ's elevator and switch to controlling my executive.- Stand by the elevator listening to the peaceful elevator music as it reaches the top and unloads death.oh yes, I'm gonna have a good time with this game.10/10 as far as fun factor goes (isn't that what games are supposed to be?)."
,Recommended,331500,17938300,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,PuG,SO MUCH FUN! I highly reccomend this game. The premise is amazing and the atmosphere is amazing. The scale and atmosphere are probably my favourite thing about the game. Looking out into the distance from the saftey of your office as a CEO or in thrilling point of view of a robot on the front lines. This game is quirky and funny at times as well as heart pumpingly exciting. With a few more devs and some time this game would be one of the most played games on the planet. Really great stuff I would give it an 8/10 in its current state. Very functional and replayable.
,Recommended,331500,17927395,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Black Cat,"I love the premesis of this game, I love the thought and effor they put into it. Its shaping up to be a great game. however I do have some gripes, minimal at best.First, they used unity. I am not a fan of unity and view it as an unstable and inferior platform, would have been better in udk. (keep in mind, I am an indie game developer, myself)Second, some of the weapons aiming and movement should be refined a bit. Sometimes weapons do not connect when they should, etc. The hit boxes might be too small for the weapons utilized. An example would be the pulse beam requiring pin point accuracy at a range where the other vehicles cannot hit you, etc.The learning curve is moderate and the tutorials are incomplete, it seems. The movement in the overworld map (rts portion) could stand to have better movement options. Instead of having to hold down middle mouse to pan the camera around, why not just let me move my mouse to the corners of the screen?Whole point is, the controls are clunky for the weapons they provide us... only real major gripe is the control issues... but fantastic game otherwise, would recommend to anyone."
76561198110551470,Recommended,331500,18001063,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,weaponspec,Great game.
76561198159444738,Recommended,331500,18065147,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,SavageReptile,"Amazing game. It has a few glitches, which are understandable considering the fact that it was made by one person. But the time that i have played on it have been anything if not enjoyable, the ability to maneuver large armies and control them yourself in battle is amazing. I only have one real problem with this game, and that is that because of it's small fanbase it is rare to get in a multiplayer battle, and that i can't get to play such a fun game so often."
76561198044280432,Recommended,331500,17421206,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,MrWorldWide,Gud/10
,Recommended,331500,17347426,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Iggy Nai Jiggah,its completely awsome to watch ur massive mech blow up the universe
,Recommended,331500,17699431,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Platypus,This game is amazing due to its amazing outcome since this had no budget and was made by 1 guy the game itself although has some bugs has the potential to be one of the best indie rts games on steam 10/10
,Recommended,331500,17379436,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Next Level Genius,Its a Great game take a while to get used to but all in all a good game100/100
,Recommended,331500,17628214,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,zimPe'-,"I used to play a lot of Renegade C&C multiplayer back in the day, and this game has relived the experience somewhat.  It has a lot of potential, and there are so many small details in the game that makes it pretty good.My fondest memory of this game that I remember, was playing my first game and learning what to do, the basic mechanics. Then all of a sudden an alarm goes off in my base, I go back to my CEO point of view and see 8 robots coming up the elevator trying to kill me. I quickly dashed to the other elevator, ran around panicking in my base for 5 minutes before getting killed. 10/10 moment.My three biggest gripes with this game are the following;1# Undestructable buildings in the base. You can kill pylons, turrets, extractors and basic defense structures. I would love if I could blow up my enemies unit buildings, radar station, etc.2# Taking control of a unit. This is the greatest thing ever, but every time I do it, I feel like I'm losing out on micromanaging my base and units to the fullest, and start falling behind the enemy. Not sure how to fix this problem.3# No bulletdrop. If you go into FPS mode on one of your units, you can hit the enemy base from your own. That's kinda broken."
,Recommended,331500,17602627,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Toothbrush099,"I have one word for this game - awesome. That's really all I can say about it; and with frequent updates, it just keeps getting better. The epic soundtrack and RTS/1st person gameplay is what compelled me (and my brother) to buy it. The only thing I find a bit weird is when you use a orbital laser to shoot an enemy building but nothing happens other than smoke and fire particles. I'm sure this will be fixed, but besides that minor detail, I the rest is great and worth every penny.9.9999999999999999999999/10"
,Recommended,331500,17607698,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Buckley Clamsfield,"Personally, I enjoyed this game. It's an amazing experience to leave your base and feel such a sense of scale. the graphics aren't great, but that minor (and I mean minor) flaw is incredibly overshined by the gameplay itself. as you ascend the elevator in order to finish off the enemy, you can look out the window and see explosions and lasers going everywhere. it gives you a great feeling when you see the chaos that you can cause, especially late in the game when it's a battle where both of you have leveled up your tech. overall, I would greatly recommend it, and I would say it's worth the money."
,Recommended,331500,17510845,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Great Prophet of GabeN,This game is AMAZING. I would definitely give this game 4 thumbs ups considering it is made by only one person. Really can't wait for more updates with new units maybe.
76561198129581594,Recommended,331500,17511489,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,York (iv*26),Runs perfectly and me and my friends are finding many things that can be destroyed easly like the reactor and others
,Recommended,331500,17512278,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,JB4,"There is so much potential hereThere is nothing like Executive Assault.  It's an RTS where you are not only part of the battlefield, but you can take control of any unit you own and play as that unit.  It's crazy.  This is what I imagined Command & Conquer Renegade was going to be like.First the negative - this game is a resource hog.  Rocket League may take a lot of horsepower, but this takes more.  The game 3D-models everything and it chugs like crazy if you don't have an excellent machine.  It's also very rough around the edges.  The interface is clunky and confusing, and takes a while to get used to.  Also, the multiplayer options are very limited (no ability to chat, and you have to restart to play online again).But it's fun!  The base building and customizing of units, along with lots of research options keeps you engaged.  And there's nothing more thrilling than running into an enemy CEO's terminal and shooting him.  It definitely needs some balance work, but it's a good time with friends."
76561198168589291,Recommended,331500,17518648,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,followhugh,awesome game
76561197981005048,Recommended,331500,17900865,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,aubreymal,"This game is not Complete. If you want a fully completed game with no glitches of any kind this is not for you.for its price however, I had some fun with it and that is why i am recomending it. I had to figure out a few things, took me a few tries and now i am unstopable at all levels of diffculty. And the game has become boring, repetitive like all the other RTS games do after a while."
76561198060238017,Recommended,331500,17916198,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Drunkcowboy,"if you like rts , you need to check it out. its very fun, and gets better and better with every update. The FPS mode is super fun when sieging your opponents base .multiplayer hasnt worked for me yet ."
,Recommended,331500,17785611,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Schokoladenmilch,"this game is truly amazing and holds so much for the future!The game includes so much detail and it brings so much fun towards the player as you can control your units, though I do wish for bigger maps aswell as more maps but I'm sure that will come eventually.this game feels like mech warrior when your in a mech which is probably my favorite part about the game and it also brings FPS to a whole new level as it is truly amazing compared to some other FPS games.The graphics on the other hand are a bit low even on max settings although I guess thats to keep up with the amount of infantry you can have.This game is truly amazing 8.5/10 I suggest to anyone who keeps looking in their library and say's ""theres nothing to play"" even though you have 500 games.this is 100% worth the price, by the game now for an amazing experience."
76561198105630266,Recommended,331500,17405963,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,inner peace,i love this game man you have no ideal. i have had it for 3 days and i  enjoy playing the robot guys are cool looking and when i go to the robot building where you spawn robot and there is the line where you can see them built thats sooo cool man i have never seen that in a game. my company's name is robot rights. i love the hq building great. but on a side note not trying to tell you want to do but if possible could you make it where you can upgrade your hq to have robot bodyguards and maybe make it where you tell to patol areas. but anyways thanks for the game i look forward to updates. woohoo robot rights onwards
76561198102542090,Recommended,331500,17198438,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,ZETA6,"had to make an executive decision and assault buttered bread to make this review heres my findingsbest thing since buttered bread (buy it now!)pro/cons listpros:-rts part is great-fps part is great-its a simple game in the best of ways-custimise your units-its a rts where you can go into fps mode and can control any of your units-for me its one of the first games ive got in a while that was good and i did not return if i like it its great (im picky so friends and famly say if i like it its the best lol)-the ai can win sometimes it pulls some crasy crap and ends up with a large number of troops in your base. at high levels it gets stuff done lots of game these days the ai is to slow you down and make you think you may not win not this game.cons:-needs some work here and there little fix up kinda stuff-needs some more stuff like more comands for troops-needs to have pause and save im sure that will be addedpro/con- all cons are just minor little annoyances so tecnicly no cons and they will be fixed anyway.score 100/10      100% awsome awardits made by one guy so bonus points add 50% to each scorelong part of the review so you can get more inforts part of the game is great needs some work for the ai of your troops tho some will run off to gun down the other teams retreateing troops but not all of them. it also needs some more comands and to make the one comand ""gard"" work. other than those two small issues (super small) rts is solid. this game has a large tec tree with all the tec being usefull and it staying usefull. there are ground units: tanks,jeeps,mechs (awsome incarnate) and your little robot troops. air units: planes and helis (great due to seeing stuff and shooting it from way back. planes seem to be low on the hp but thats normal. the air units are hard to fly tho helis are slow to turn and aim and also slow straif speed. the best part of the units in this game is you get to pick the weapons they use. that got me hooked as soon as i hear custimise your units thats a big deal im insta hooked. its not much pick the chassis and slap a gun or two on it maybe a specal. i still dont know what specals there are but hey more stuff is good. regardless that that is not much its still better than not haveing it and most games that do this dont offer more anyway. last the fps mode this is also wonderfull and im loveing it. it works its fun and not many rts game out there let you do it. it works like a normal fps game run around shoot stuff some guns can zoom some units cant zoom. you can jump tho theres not much point in it but people get mad if you cant regardles of if you would ever need to jump so its there. oh hit f to get all your units around you to fallow you also its never a good idea to solo in this game."
,Recommended,331500,17691899,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Mineata,One of the best RTS-games i've played so far.10/10
76561198123510618,Recommended,331500,17642845,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,GGAF|GreatoverlordSchikonmaster?,"graphics arent the best, but its in alpha and being develeoped by one person. gameplay wise, its a fun game, execpt for when it crashes, very commonly, poor directions in the tutorial but once you figure out the game, its very fun to play, and struggle againstg the easiest ai in the game because they got a single fighter to your base before you built any turrets10/10 would leave base undefended while trying to find out wut the hell i was doing again."
,Recommended,331500,17545034,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Summer Hopeflyte,"This is a great game; Really is a tried and true RTS game, you've got ginormous mechs, armies of robots, men in suits, planes that will wreck absolute havoc on anything they attack, artillery that you can bombard enemy bases with, and the most epic way (in my opinion) Is to send in a strike team to and kill the executive, and some of the do this, not all of them in my expereince, they have a self-destruct sequence that will go off if they die, a dead man's switch if you will, and you better hope your strike team is fast enough to get the hell out of there, because the explosion is pretty big, which my favorite part is watching your army walk away from the enemy base with the explosion in the background. Murica'This is one of those very rare early access games where you don't feel robbed after you buy the game (MENTIONING NO NAMES.7 days to die), you actually feel like you've bought something amazing.And it's SOOOOOO~ addicting"
76561198014150675,Recommended,331500,17545554,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Warboss Magnok Ironbreaka,"An RTS game with an intresting twist, instead of demolishing those buildings you can invade them!, this features interior combat and a fully modular base complex kitted out with security doors and auto-turrets, plus a first person direct control mode where you can take control of one of your units. (the gigantilator pilot sipping a martini is a nice touch btw if the dev sees this) it is rife with amazing potentail and will be in my favorites list for years to come"
76561198012456134,Recommended,331500,17206369,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,MrJ,"I'll keep this short and sweet. Have you ever played Battle Zone? Did you enjoy it? If you answered yes, then you're goning to really enjoy this game as well."
76561198042981760,Recommended,331500,18126682,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Captain Quack Sparrow,"My computer tended to lag quite a bit when going into first person mode.Besides some other minor complaints, there's not much bad I have to say about this game.The first person mode, while I said I lagged a bit, was unique, as it let me go in and control my units moreso then normal, as I could actually see what they were going up against, rather then just from above. The buildings having detail inside, and not just being ""Rabbit holes"", like in the Sims games, is a good touch.I'd like to convince some of my friends to buy this, as I haven't played with any human players yet, but I bet it would be nice."
76561198117625877,Recommended,331500,18136915,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,cheesybutterx,ITS amazing just the ai need to try to kill you instead of locking you down
76561198156913618,Recommended,331500,24415277,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Kontroller,"This game is amazing. You really feel the intensity while you march your troops into battle. But the real reason this game is amazing is because you get to hold a martini while piloting a giant mech the size of your base that shoots lasers, lighting, and missiles."
76561198054039669,Recommended,331500,24171255,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Deja Vroom!,"I was skeptical at first, The rather mediocre graphics, The rather unclear premise in the pictures didn't speak much about what this game was, and the trailer seemed constructed. But when I got in game, I was greeted by one of the best RTS games I've played in a while, the whole game is fresh, boasting a large technology unlocking tree, Direct controlling of units reminiscant of Dungeon Keeper, Actually upgrading your units and designing an army around the Tech you've unlocked, a intuitive power system, and actual base ""Raids"" to kill the enemy.I am very impressed with Rob's work, clearly a game crafted with love and passion, I didn't follow this game during its production but I am proud to have this game in my library, and still enjoy playing it now, 5 hours in.If you Enjoy RTS games, and want something fresh, interesting, and a blast with friends, Check this one out. If you can get past the graphics, and the ""Rough around the edges"" indie feel, you'll be returning to this game and joining your grunts on the battlefield time and time again!"
76561198190620339,Recommended,331500,24321825,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Slannman,"Great concept, a sci-fi RTS with the option to go into first person mode with almost every unit you command. It sometimes gets a little glitchy, and every now and then has an occasional crash, but so long as you're not running the game on a potato, you should be fine."
,Recommended,331500,24264874,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,(qp) FraternalOcean,This is a solid game to play with your friends.
,Recommended,331500,24311583,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Tear,"i like it..the tech tree, the units and the other things.. but can u spice up the graphics a lil' bit?"
76561198060244772,Recommended,331500,23439554,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,ENCE,Good indie game.
76561198060654223,Recommended,331500,23320917,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Sentinel,This game is an amazing hidden jem!!!
,Recommended,331500,23293551,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Sullivas,"Needs more players, other than that perfect.Bugs always happen in my favor :)"
,Recommended,331500,23380311,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Mitlof,Great game with a lot of future potential and a listening and active creator.
76561197971155742,Recommended,331500,23226574,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,moxy,"Solid game, 1 man dev team. He is very active on the forum."
76561198055785516,Recommended,331500,23716951,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,🐻Urnest minor🐻,the world needs more FPS/RTS
76561197971200127,Recommended,331500,23768740,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Awesome!,Reminds me of Rise and Fall. Kinda.
76561198036160294,Recommended,331500,23735921,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Blitzkrieg_HOSS,An extremely promising game. It's also the only game that I've seen that allows you to control an unit you make in fps and rts modes
76561198048696400,Recommended,331500,23799643,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,theZou,"Very fun so far, pretty intense but very enjoyable. Definitley worth how much he charges for the game. Ive always wanted to be able to actually explore the battlefields in an RTS and this game allows that. Very cool. Props for the execution."
,Recommended,331500,23801162,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Overlorden1998,Really recommand this game :D 10/10
,Recommended,331500,23941856,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,NeoNTeddY,Suprisingly very fun. Especially with friends.
76561198120443231,Recommended,331500,23775101,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Ghost22,Great game love it :)
,Recommended,331500,23775799,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Blucifer,"Look. I love this game. If your reading it, try it. I get a sort of Earth 2160 type of feel from this game, but much more fun and polished. 10/10"
,Recommended,331500,22487754,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,james,"Although it's quite an early development game, it's definitely worth playing it but I wouldn't say it's worth £10. Also the whole idea of RTS/FPS is a great concept, and hasn't been seen before."
,Recommended,331500,23209117,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,IcewaterCreekStudios,"This game is so good... there is no happy dance that does it justice!Its unique in so many ways, fun, exciting and replayable.Developer is super interactive with his community... the way it should be done!Come join the fun and help this dev get the support he deserves!!8/10 (only because I didnt think of it, and its still growing LOL)"
,Recommended,331500,23229743,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Mojiro,"This is an excellent game, one that doesn't take itself too seriously. Highly recommended."
76561198111259672,Recommended,331500,23976339,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,sup bro,good game
76561198057679755,Recommended,331500,25083101,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,FreakyAgentoftheGestapo,"For those who have always wanted to be a greedy CEO with a massive robot army, this game is a must."
76561198044516972,Recommended,331500,25125169,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,maltheal,"wonderful game! but i feel like there is alot more that could be done with this maybe more gamemodes or a better rss  set up  but buy it, its fun"
76561198012216199,Recommended,331500,25123731,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Tyelee,Good so far but been a while since last update.
,Recommended,331500,26328039,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,⚡⚡SCI FI GEEK⚡⚡,fps + rts = 10/10
76561198095588317,Recommended,331500,22074745,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,California Man,"Very good game but one issue pisses me off. The AI. The AI will always rush you, and will always manage to destoy everything you love despite your best efforts,"
76561197996570576,Recommended,331500,22293211,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Dildonius Frockstench,yes
76561198209499065,Recommended,331500,22187609,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,SuperRoboticScout2.0,Its AWSOME being alble to control your own robots and team up with friends as robots is AMAZING!!!!!!
,Recommended,331500,22229628,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,TauXV9,I really enjoy this game reminds me of a classic Supreme Commander yet then you can go run around with troops just like the old school battlefield or Unreal.
,Recommended,331500,22169461,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,KeeGeeBee,you can mount high power continuous lasers on heavy dual cannon tanks
,Not Recommended,331500,22347111,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,IT'S TIME TO STOP [Richy],It's hard to understand how the game works =/ A better tutorial would be nice. I'm refunding the game for now but I plan on revisiting the game in the future.
,Recommended,331500,22351975,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Google Spirit,"Very good game, but I wish there were more kinds of king of the hill maps and modding support."
76561198271752609,Not Recommended,331500,21488055,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,trash boy,MANY bugs. Maps too small. Games too quick. Not worth $13.
,Recommended,331500,21436326,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Operation_Alpha,"THis game is the first good strategy game I have seen in a long time it comes in my first place category because who wouldn't like a strategy game with first person controlled units or even walking through your own base, but wait dont forget ther amazing graphics they are perfect.Thanks Rob for creating this beautiful game! :)"
76561198149373097,Recommended,331500,21508502,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,creepHD,Altough I refunded this (because of fps) It was still extremely fun to play as an rts and firstperson shooter seperatly so i would reccomend this to though who have a decent pc
76561198097848943,Recommended,331500,20981080,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Smitty099,7.5/10Will update next time I play the game. For some reason my troops (bipedal assault bots) dont attack the enemy. Other than that it is a good game.
76561198026987872,Recommended,331500,21513817,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Xsert,This game is amazing for the size of the team who made this but it has a massive learning curve for beginners especially those new to rts games. It has very few graphical bugs (trees clipping into buildings ect.) and only needs to be polished from what i saw from my time playing. The team still updates the game aswell it is definitely worth a buy.
,Recommended,331500,22069205,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Tommy,"One of the best games I have ever played, a RTS with the ability to control any of your units at any moment?! what more could you want, just buy the game, play it! if you don't like it, refund it but I can assure you will keep it!"
76561198028280963,Recommended,331500,22075299,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,thegeist00,"very impressive, well done, look forward to what you do next"
76561198099822893,Recommended,331500,22074457,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,FuzzBall_,ok
76561198028321461,Recommended,331500,22037442,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Black Talon,wow
,Not Recommended,331500,22056754,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Cerekay,"I gave this game some slack after reading the reviews about the whole one man show deal.  That said, some slack doesn't mean I wont trash a porrly written product.  This game has crashed on me every single time I have opened it.  At various points, the last being when I was just about to finish the first map.  Still haven't beaten the first reccomended map.  There is no campaign in this game, for those thinking of buying it, I just mean the first 1v1 map.  Can't finish it, at all.  Game dies at random points every time.Other cons:  Where's the storyline and campaign?  Where's the minimap?  Where's the queue? How about marking the Tiers on stuff?  It's a new idea I just had, that no one has ever thought of before in history.  You could call the crappy robot men ""Tier 1"" and then the better robot men ""Tier 2"" etc....Every programmer is hoping to get rich quick on their ""New Awesome Super Cool Game Idea!"", but if the product is not polished and professional, it aint gunna happen.  This is an early access game disguised as a final product.  Don't buy until it has been improved.Oh, and apparantely there is NO SAVE/LOAD Option in this game.."
76561198220408475,Recommended,331500,22084406,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Herobrine943 youtube plays trove,This game is hard once you first get into it but its fun!
,Recommended,331500,21979470,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Wolf_Von_Tyr,"First off, I highly commend the developer/s on their accomplishment! Its a great little game. Even though I've only played a little, I can see TONS of room for improvement. I love this idea, the execution is a wonderful foundation for a small team. I would reccomend to others, purely for the intriguing gameplay ideas.This review may come off negative, but this is purely from my perspective.Some of the things I'd like to see tweaked are:- Making the game a bit more intuitive to use. Easier to pick up and figure out.- More of a straight-forward menus, HUDs and clearer information in game.- Controls for flight (using the mouse is rather twitchy and tricky)- Size of resources and units on the game map, a bit too small.- Mini-map in first person,What I'd LOVE to see in the future- GRAPHICS UPGRADE!!- Freedom to build bases (ie not on a grid pre se)- Expansion bases/outposts- Bigger everything. Bases, maps (in scale and number), player count, tech tree...- Scope vision in main game screen (be able to see more, have a greater understanding of scale)- Factions with weapons and buildings based on different area of the world.- CAMPAIGN!!- Possible WWII alternate history spin off game.Again, Hesketh Studios, you've made a brilliant game. But I feels as though there is a lot of room for improvement. Onwards and upwards!I very much look forward to what the future holds for this."
,Recommended,331500,22026115,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Ch8sen8ter,"This is an Awesome game, but it needs our feedback, so if you choose to purchase this game make sure you tell the dev what wrong or about any bugs. I would love to see this game further in the future.Pros : RTS, FPS, Hybrid.You can walk around in your entire base, from an FPS View.Graphics Are pretty nice for this specific game.Great to play with friends.You Cna infiltrate le border and eliminate the CEO.Cons : You haven't Bought and experienced this game yet."
76561198045541377,Recommended,331500,24629081,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,AmericanGhost,Its a very fun game sometimes your units AI will get itself stuck on the way to a location but that seems to happen in very tightly built bases the FPS is so fun I can go from a small bot to a giant bipedal mech.
,Recommended,331500,24634564,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Drunken_Giraffe,"This is the game most games wish to be like.This game is amazing and the only bad thing about it is the lack of publicity.This game is a blend of FPS and RTS, if you wanna play tactical you can play top down or if you want to play commando select a unit and join the battle down below.This is one of those games you have to play to believe, words don't do enough justice."
,Recommended,331500,24644921,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,MarsMatter,"The devs out there need to learn from this game.  I have a friend who loves FPS games and I love RTS games, this is one of the only games we can play together and both enjoy.  Seriously, this world needs more hybrid games!The tech tree in this game is amazing, there are many ways you can go in it and by the end of the game you may have one person specializing in air vehicles with lazer guns while another person specializes in mechs with trion cannons.  You can control any unit (except the little utility probes that build things and collect power crystals, but why would you want to control them anyway?) in first person, you can walk around the interior of bases, and the number of possible strategies is enormous.There are some poblems with the game though that I should point out.- The flight model really could use some improvement.- At the moment it's possible to make a base that's imposible to penetrate by exploiting a bug.- The learning curve is quite steep."
,Recommended,331500,24579137,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Startacker!,"A very fun RTS where you play as a multi-billionare executive for the company that you name, fighting other executives for the planet you're on. There's also researching so you can slowly build up to the giant supermech because who doesn't want the giant supermech."
,Recommended,331500,21353600,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,♜W0LF♜,good RTS
76561198147074412,Recommended,331500,26651337,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,(i.m.s.1)LiveLongAndProsper,very fun mix of rts and fps somewhat buggy but is very interesting and could offer more in the future
,Recommended,331500,26512395,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Spoopy SilverMercy,"It's a great game, no doubt...It takes so long. I spent about 2 1/2 hours absolutely dominating the AI, it wouldn't die.Refunding because it takes much longer than i wish."
76561198204235003,Recommended,331500,26475326,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Onza,"This one's a gem. I play a lot of rts/fps hybrids, and I have to say, the base construction dynamic is what really makes this game unique. All the structures you build have a complete, fleshed out interior, and can be operated manually in first person mode. Astounding work. The combat in this game is also on a far grander scale than any other hybrid I have played. Its reminiscent of Warhammer 40K (tabletop, not dawn of war), in terms of the sheer number of units involved and the size of the battlefields. The tech tree is large and diverse. You will almost never complete it all. Specialization is a strategic factor, and I really enjoy that aspect. Over all, its a worthwhile purchase. I give it a 9/10."
,Recommended,331500,25878629,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,spartaman2040,"Easy to get into, hard to get out of."
76561198187432302,Recommended,331500,25861360,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,glechnerbear,This game has some good graphics and the weapons have some good graphics to them too just so cool and fun love this game : )
76561198209579432,Recommended,331500,26402836,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Titch,"Considering I haven't seen any other games that combine these 2 genres I think this game is incredibaly good.Executive assualt is an RTS/FPS. It allows you to build a base, create troops and then take control of said troops. Its an incredibaly fun experience in which I've managed to rack up about 15 hours on. Having said this it's currently not having any work done on it due to a number of reasons, so if your looking for a fully polished, completed game this isnt for you.Now lets weigh in the pros and cons.Pros- Addicting- Well tiered difficulties- One of a kind- Ground and air troops- Resources arent to hard to collect- Nice range of troops- Incredibaly large tech treeCons- Slow to update- Not finished- Small amount and size of maps- Small area to build base: Results in not being able to build everything- Can be glitched to be impossible to loseIn conclusion, if your willing to wait this is definately a game you should buy. Its not complete (Its far from that) but that doesnt take away from its entertaining games and challenges."
,Recommended,331500,26279145,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Linera's Last Stand,"This game deserves to be played more, Let me begin.Althogh I do not have a massive amount of hours, Its been fun so far.The main concept of this game is to develop an FPS/RTS Hybird, It is a uniqe idea and is almost a necessary part of the game. That being said there is another uniqe deature of the game, Base combat, while in most RTS you build a base, and hope it holds, this game can be fought inside you or an enemies base. There is not really much more to be said here but if you are lntrested in the concept of this game, by all means, buy it."
,Recommended,331500,26262674,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Sniff Lines Bang Nines,"TLDR;  F*CK YEAH EXECUTIVE ASSAULTThis game is a hidden gem, it needs more attention than it gets. Let me be the first to say that though it doesn't present the best graphics and at first seems hard to grasp, this game has alot going for it. Hats off to the developer(s) of this game for doing what most others fail to do. I have been searching for a game like this, an RTS with the option to control the unit. Such a simple addon to most other RTS games, but it makes it a much more enjoyable experience. You care more for your units, because you want to USE them. Let me outline some pros and cons:Pros:-Innovative game features (the first person capabilites and the aim of the game takes a step up from other RTS titles)-Alot of depth in the research system (I was very surprised by the amount of branches and trees there were in this, and just how much you can do)-Theres alot of promise, potentially alot can be done with this game to make it EVEN better.-You can customise your units armour and weapons?! f*ck yeah!Cons:- I ran across a bug with the jeeps where they fell through the ground on some maps.-The camera doesnt allow you to zoom out as far as you'd expect, and I often found myself having to scroll up and up and up and up to get to the action in some cases.- The executive has no sort of crosshair and I dont really see any tracers so if a robot does get in, you have to pray you're aiming in the right place or its game over.- I feel like you're unable to expand very far at all, and whilst it keeps your base in a tight confinement and stops the game getting ridiculous, it feels a little /too/ claustrophobic.Whilst there are some cons as listed above, don't let it deter you from giving this game a try. I would reccomend getting it on a sale, I paid the full £10 for this, and whilst i'm more than happy to pay this much, the more picky among you may not be. Watch some videos on it, give it a go. You might like it, you might not - in which case you can easily refund. Again, hats off to the developer(s) of this game, a few bugs here and there but that's to be expected. Keep it up."
76561198148232143,Recommended,331500,26042967,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Seb Sandwich,THIS IS AN AMAZING GAME but my PC sucks so... yeah.
76561198159896317,Recommended,331500,25874955,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,COMRADE STALIN,"This game though in a unfinished state is a amazing game. the idea is bright, and new. only proble is that there are some bugs, but the gameplay out shines them 9/10would buy again."
,Recommended,331500,25902519,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Mr Anderson,"Ever since i saw the Yogscast Duncan and Sjin test out this game, ive wanted to get it. Now, me and a friend die laughing at the charging suicidal bots, and the amazing ragdoll effects when the CEO dies. 15/10 will recommend to all my friends"
,Recommended,331500,23661632,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Space Pope 2: Pope Harder,"This game is amazing. Not perfect, but amazing. The FPS remides me of Command and Conquer: Renegade. It scratches the very particular itch for RTS and FPS at the same time, and does it well.Pros:FPS RTS mix. This is rare, and the game gets it perfect.Research is big and finishing the whole tree in one game is rare.Units are customizable.Funny little things like elevator music, martini drinking pilots, and funny death statements from bots.You can tell this game was made with love.The power system is uniqe.FIGHT INSIDE YOUR BASE!Cons:Very few players, you would need some friends because.....The AI is broken, not smart at all. The difficuties just determine how much it can cheat.There are definite OP weapons. If you get too far into the game everything dies to a few shots.In FPS mode you can kill things at long range without them shooting back as the AI does not fire weapons anywhere near their max range.TLDR: It is great with minor flaws that won't really show themselves unless you play against the AI only. Solid 8/10"
76561198030051268,Recommended,331500,24058470,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Ko je taj Speedara?!,Love it!
,Recommended,331500,24027850,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,SnowB34R,">begins as executron>rushes to enemy base before they get security>turns off cooling in power generator>ceo comes out of the office to turn it on>kills me when im at full health with a tiny glock before i can kill him with an assault rifle>i cri evertim10/10, best game"
,Recommended,331500,24063782,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,M3Xtreme hellcase.com,GREAT GAME!!!!!!!!!! Would play anyday fun with bots but even more with Friends
,Recommended,331500,23890834,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,(not) Y2K Compliant,"Though obviously a rough gem (some of the interface, 3d assets and textures are rather...basic) this is one of the few examples of hybrid RTS/FPS actually working in terms of gameplay.The RTS portion of the game has real depth and the FPS portion is completely optional. The advantage of taking control of units yourself is things like micro and sniping beyond the AI's detection and firing range giving you an edge. The ability to customise your vehicles with a huge selection of weapons as well as a slider based econ/research system means there are multiple ways to play and win.tl;dr If you ever wanted to play Supreme Commander type game where you can pilot the experimental, this is for you.8/10"
,Recommended,331500,23874598,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,henry,"It's a game that gave me so much nostalgia.It's a great RTS made by a single person (I believe), art style is rather dodgy (especially on the upgrades) but it's a lot of fun, having the ability to control units manually with a first person view is also awesome.I recommend if you're an old-school RTS player I like am!"
76561198095998614,Recommended,331500,18225263,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Ameisen23,Nice game but not really many maps! Please more Maps or a Workshop with maps !
76561198062263967,Recommended,331500,22627592,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,FloWGlory,"It's a really fun game, that recieves patches and updates al the time. Which make the game even more awesome."
76561198138821600,Recommended,331500,24616586,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,That guy,i do reeally love this game but i wish more people played but that is something the dev can't fixbut here is something he can fix.please add a campaign its not easy but please try.try to make the AI a little better its impossible to do anything else than exploit when you play single player also i can't seem to kill his supply of metal when i do he just keeps on building.add some more types of units.NUKES just NUKESALL IN ALL 6/10 in current state when update comes ill update this
,Recommended,331500,18372996,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,ClassyGentleman,"This game, OMG This game, This guy who made this game is a god. This game combind's FPS (First Person Shooter) And RTS ( Real Time Strategy) I dont know how, but he did it. And i must say, the graphins may be a little weird to some but hey its a start. This game has potential that I beleive is heading in the best and most wanted way by most game designers. Please by this game and help him keep updating it and bringing new things into this game! as always Cheer's!Update --This game has been out for more than a year now. Congrats! Alot has changed in that year. The game is getting better and better.If i would recomend any advide to the maker of the game, it would be to make a second game just like this but on the unreal engine. Since the engine is now free just like unity, and better for gameplay mechanics. Just my opinion tho! other than that, great game and keep the updates coming!"
76561198161140501,Recommended,331500,24843064,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,TheWelshGeth,This game is actually pretty good I reccomend it to others and at a cheap price as well you can't go wrong if you like Strategy games.-Geth
76561198145750919,Not Recommended,331500,28499028,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,ghostwarrier10,"Very badly made game, sure the game is fun at times but the controls are stupid, the graphics are terrible and there are no bug fixes"
,Recommended,331500,27442265,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Wolf,its a really cool rts :P
76561198015329192,Recommended,331500,28413457,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,h4344,"LOVE THIS GAME! Please dev team keep working on it!!! Little rough right now but i can see this becoming way more popular once its more complete. Cant wait to bug all my buddies to get this!!!For the money you get a game (at the time of this writing) that feels a tad incomplete and is in need of some work but has so much potential. I would highly recommend this to anyone who loves strategy. If you love exclusivly FPS it might be a little tough due to the fact you have to use the ""commander"" mode to build your base and manage troops.Just a few bugs/suggestions- Power, not sure how i feel about the crystals but its sorta a pain to have to grab them right off the back to keep your economy going. I would remove that feature altogether and have us build enough power stations that run at a fixed output.- Infantry robots, when i get into a base i feel its hard to break down security doors unless i personally switch in to use demo charges. Consider adding a seamless feature where if you are in ""Commander"" mode the robots will (if availible) use a demo charge on the door automatically to proceed through if you order them to the other side.- Transport aircraft, please after they are full let there be a single button we can use to click drop our troops using them, having to land and then disembark while your under fire is very time consuming.- Long range missiles can impact terrain and explode before reaching a target if a mountain is in between.- Base size feels kinda small or restrictive. Consider expanding it maybe?"
76561198046627482,Recommended,331500,28512259,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,dasmonkeys,I highly enjoy the game.  It is innovative in strategy and also being able to select any unit on the field is very useful.  You can turn the tide of the battle with the ability to control individual units and change the tech on all units.
76561198059861595,Recommended,331500,28519859,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,командир кролика,I like the idea do the game. I dont loke what happened. still a great game.
76561198025932372,Not Recommended,331500,17193681,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,DickaSmasha,i Bought this game liked it and its gameplay. Later i found out instead of updating the game more they are just releasing a new game instead of continuing to update this one? i spend money on this and honestly expected more out of the game update wise.
76561198052893533,Recommended,331500,28540865,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Jackwagon,Beautiful execution. Gameplay is really fun and fast paced. Could use more maps? Fun with a friend though. Will really knock you out of your socks    There is nothing like it out there. 1000000/10
,Recommended,331500,28473421,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Hildemar Dasce,"Me and my nephews (ages 7 and 10) had a blast with this in multiplayer. I could build and research, and they could gawp at the increasingly larger mechs they could commandeer and march into oblivion.It's wonky and screams Unity 3D, but I actually found that kind of quaint. It's not something I'd really play on my own, but as a most-ages LAN game it's great for the price."
,Recommended,331500,17621588,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,SiicK InSaNiTY,"Oh my goodness, this game is soo much fun. This game is a dream come true for anyone who has dreamt of ordering troops around like an rts, then joining the chaos on the feild of battle as one of them. This Game is a childhood dream come true."
,Recommended,331500,33177242,Posted: 3 July,all,Justusschultz,An amazing RTS. Its great fun to have and easy to get to know. Base building along with a first person aspect to it makes it a fun game to be enjoyed by strategist and more.I highly suggest this game if you love to build mega armys and then lead it into battle in a super mech.
,Recommended,331500,33212184,Posted: 3 July,all,StupidFoxᴿᴸ,"This game is small but its an RTS dream come to life. I would totally support a sequel or large update. The only cons in this game are small amount of maps, little bit of movement bugs."
76561198322856845,Recommended,331500,33314559,Posted: 6 July,all,Sukijan26,good game
76561198073022736,Recommended,331500,20729308,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Bobby Boy trade.tf,"I never write reviews, but this game is amazing. It's only 12 dollars, but its a lot funner with friends. In Executive assault you are a CEO of a company. the goal is to assasinate the other CEO.Pros:- RTS and FPS- Ai is a challenge- Huge skill tree- You can build a base, and walk around inside it- Players can be ExecuTrons, which are player controlled robots that are part of your company but only in fps mode- Active developer that listens to the community about ideas and such- Huge robots, and large battles- Decent graphics exept for ground texture- Good soundtrack- Different ways to win, like shutting off the cooling of the other CEO's base- Many different weapons and interesting battlesCons:- AI is easy to beat if you rush it at the begining- Needs optimizing, can get very low fps in big battles- Occasional bugs, like any other game"
76561198376724612,Recommended,331500,33419692,Posted: 9 July,all,pheonix333,"Id like to say this is an awesome game. I really love this and I have just started playing but playing friends or anyone in this, is an absolute joy. The fact that there are multiple ways to beat your enemy and more is amazing. there is so much to do and there is a lot to this game. Me and my buddies love this, Very fun, lots of what you want to chose with the game, and how you want to go about what you are doing! I really love this game. suggest it for anyone who wants to lead units. be part of the fighting, and wants to have a very very high intensity finish to a game"
76561198067756822,Recommended,331500,33498619,Posted: 13 July,all,Crystalfire,hey guys i have a server up and running!
,Recommended,331500,33578300,Posted: 15 July,all,soup,"A war of wealthy individuals utilizing tactics such as robotic battalions and bombardments of varieties of explosive devices, in an effort to claim victory over one another. Other considerable strategies include commanding of armored attacking androids to engage battle against a number enemy combatants.TL;DR, two rich guys fight over a planet.Still pretty fun, tho."
76561198091703186,Recommended,331500,33381034,Posted: 8 July,all,ZerbaDerba,Check out EA2 :D (Executive Assualt 2)http://executiveassault.com/ea2/
,Recommended,331500,33538419,Posted: 14 July,all,Admiral Ranjobi VI,"Awesome quirky game, very fun on multiplayer."
,Not Recommended,331500,25464325,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Magic_Platypus,"To be honest i dont know why everyone is raving on about this game.It feels unfinished and unpolished round the edges but yet its the full relase version!!improved graphics, sound tracks, sound effects and more maps would be very nice.But untill then, i rate this a 5/10- because of the original game concept."
76561198327566774,Recommended,331500,32045377,Posted: 29 May,all,GalaxeyGamer04,"Very fun game, thank you for that comment did not know there was a part 2."
76561197970802648,Recommended,331500,32210572,Posted: 5 June,all,Uncle Badtouch,THIS GEAM IS SOOOOOOOOO FUN AND EVEN BETTER WITH CHEATS AND I THink that it still needs some tweaks and a few moar reaseachable units but i would highly recommend this to anyone
,Recommended,331500,21429875,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Imperial Captain Shard,Amazing Game. All there is to say. GLORY TO ARSTOTZKA!
76561198092897827,Recommended,331500,29188731,Posted: 11 January,all,Funleader☭,"10/10. I love how after 20 or so minutes all the AI, no matter if it's a 'free for all' or not, gang up on you and f*** you."
,Recommended,331500,29608145,Posted: 31 January,all,[RK] Nero,"Fun game, I LOVE the idea of first person mode, it's what made me buy the game! Although I would work a bit more on the graphics tho."
76561198056047583,Recommended,331500,29570014,Posted: 29 January,all,jackalmarine,great game but no where near what it could be.
,Recommended,331500,22320955,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Dr. Who'sYaDaddy,this game is fantastic! brilliant game mechanic and well thought out 8/10 it would be perfect for E-Sports (that multiplayer michanic is a wonderful idea).that said it is a rough game but considering its small dev team it's amazing work.would love to see some more abilitys for the hackerbot like shuting down enemy buildings(power station) or turning them to your controle while the bot is hacking the computer in the building.also adding a few more teirs in the reserch and maybe titan lvl bots for end game fun. :) (Now available! THANK YOU!)i'll be trying to get my friends to buy this game for sure.
76561198187818417,Recommended,331500,29650334,Posted: 2 February,all,saibot09911,"best game ever, just best game ever. Buy it and you are ready for the time of your life. 10/10"
76561198141006086,Recommended,331500,29934872,Posted: 14 February,all,Comet Streak,"A unique game that is quite remarkable in its own right. It is innovative and runs quite well for me usually.I know it only says around 4 hours or so, but this wasnt the first account i played this game on.Creating units, controling them, and micromanagement? That is the type of clever and well liked innovation that ive only seen in maybe Warzone 2100 before this game."
76561198131295645,Recommended,331500,29932540,Posted: 14 February,all,Doctor cockter,"A tense sweat filled moment. My remaining troops were getting teamed on by the two executives. I was filling all of my corridors with soldiers, and preparing to frustrate the others with a game of hide and seek. Then…it was alive. My frame rate dropped to below -20, but my Big Bang was it a sight to behold (no spoilers ;) ). I ordered whatever troops I had to follow me for 1 final attack. There were enough explosions to trigger multiple caesuras and epilepsies. The enemy was getting closer and closer to my proximity, it was just one huge thump of a step after another. The intense vocals grew louder and louder, until my neighbours could hear it. A grimacing smile was being smeared across my face as I knew this punk was gunna die. Then in the mist of furious war….REASERCH COMPLETE1/1 best game with best audio ever"
76561198051002603,Recommended,331500,29952008,Posted: 15 February,all,ZachShark1,"INTROI love this game, it is amazing. This has to be one of the best RTS games I've ever played. I think it is amazing how you designed and created this game. They are of course a few things i'd like to adress though.ISSUES(In my experiences) there isn't enough time to go into direct control of your units, as you are always worried about protecting your base and advancing.There needs to be a more interactive tutorial. It's a great tutorial but it is missing that interactive touch which is a thing that all tutorials need in my opinion.ACCOMPLISHMENTSOne thing that I felt made this game really unique and special was the ability to fight your battles as your units. This really gave me a vibe that I was part of a massive war.The interface of this game was really user-friendly. I had no trouble figuring out what everything meant and what everything did.The battle=physics, allthough not amazing, were pretty well done for a small game like this. It just added on to the war feel of the game.Another thing that I enjoyed about the combat, was the selection of units. Having the ability to select from aircraft, infantry, or vehicles really made it special. It added a very special aspect of strategy.The final thing that I felt this game did EXTREMELY well, was the fact that you could travel and explore your own base. This was really cool, especially for an RTS game. It was a unique and differentiating feature from most games that I enjoyed.ADJUSTMENTSOne adjustment that I think could be added, is the ability to have a security camera system. I think it would be great when your perimeters are breached and you have to stay vigilant as the CEO.I think that a command for your units to follow another unit, would be great for this game. I was having a hard time buffing up my Gigantilator with units, as they could not follow it.A thirdperson option while directly controlling a unit, would be amazing. From my experiences flying a fighter or controlling a walker was difficult, as I could not see how big I was or what I was going to bump into.CONCLUSIONOverall, this game was very fun to play. I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys a good RTS. Even for people who don't play RTSs that often (like myself) would really enjoy playing this game. Thanks for taking time to read my review, I hope it was helpful."
,Recommended,331500,29301208,Posted: 16 January,all,ManOfAwesome,"Executive Assault in my own personal opinion is one of the best RTS games out there.I'm not a huge fan of RTS games but this game has sparked an intrest in other RTS games.Playing with a friend and useing the executron feature is some of the most fun i've ever had in a RTS.The game mixes FPS and RTS fairley well although the FPS side could use a bit of work.My friend and i would create giant armys equipped with rockets. Playing as an Execturon leading these large armys into enemy territory is so much fun. The ""door busters"" as we called the armys would blast past anything that crossed their path. Nothing would stand in their way as they easily rushed into the enemy base quickly killing the executive.Overall i give this game a 8/10It could use some better optimization for older machines but other than that this is one great game. I would recommend this game to anyone who likes RTS games."
76561198111537183,Recommended,331500,29658160,Posted: 2 February,all,☩ Crucesignatis ☩,I think this is the start of a great game. Plays a little bit like Command and Conquer and people that have played will get a feel for it easily. Couple of dissapearing objects sometimes but hey what can you expect. The game IS made by one guy after all and has a lot of consideration in it. I hope to see waaay more updates in the future and see where this goes.
76561198141684261,Recommended,331500,29123493,Posted: 8 January,all,Gsub,Such a good game love it
,Recommended,331500,29253396,Posted: 14 January,all,DURANDAL-1707,"It's the sort of game you should wait to buy.It's gonna be agreatgame - once it's a little more finished. And I have faith in the developer (who happens to be one single person, that's doing EVERYTHING!)7/10 for the present build since apparently I managed to play over 2 hours in this buggy barebones unfinished mess and still enjoy myself a lot"
76561198080710707,Recommended,331500,29219374,Posted: 13 January,all,Relavent Meme,This game even though its still in early phases it is a great game and a blast to play!
76561198016583135,Recommended,331500,29233919,Posted: 13 January,all,Sithalo,"This game is really different than 99% of other RTS games and even can seperate itself from other similar games such as battlezone with custom units, interiors, and the goal of killing the guy/girl instead of just destroying all enemies.playing agaisnt the ai is fun but not as fun as playing with a person as per the usual and the game is much funner when playing with a friend especially thinking up how to take out your friend if they have a well designed base.there are flaws and i dont think it deserves to be out of Early Access but the dev is going to work on the sequel which is looking good.im not going to hold the bad things of this game against it (much) because at the end of the day it is just a fun game and even with the looks of some of it (weapon design could be better) or the little bugs I have seen (turret shells surrounding them when they are supposed to be open) are just little quips compared to actually having an rts that is more than just destroy your enemies and I always love having strategy games where I design my units in any way.hopefully later the dev comes back and adds new maps and bug fixes and maybe even more stuff in general after working and learning more with the sequel."
,Recommended,331500,30048406,Posted: 19 February,all,HotShot908,"Not a bad game over all, but a lot the the stuff they said would be added is not there. Also I am dissapointed that I spent 13 dollars on the game just to get very infrequent updates. I am also dissapointed that the dev is making a sequal when the first game isnt nearly finished. I just hope that those who bought the first game get the second one for free."
,Recommended,331500,32760315,Posted: 25 June,all,[TEI] Gutsy,"Me and my mates bought this game for a meme origionally, but after learning some of the game mechanics all of a sudden it switched for us. Next thing you know we got a group of guys together playing executrons. Sure, the game may seem a bit dated at first glance but the gameplay is really interesting and you get a few laughs about it. One of my mates won without building anything by marching his CEO over to my HQ and shooting me in the head with a glock."
,Recommended,331500,32746412,Posted: 24 June,all,Ryo31337,"Albeit a buggy and rather small game, Executive Assault can result in hours of fun with a few buddies. Just don't take your executive for a swim, it ends poorly."
,Recommended,331500,32925594,Posted: 28 June,all,Jos1897,Amazing game like no other. A mix of a first person shooter and an rts. Gives a feel of ender's game where you command and battle with your army. Takes a little while to learn all the controls and how to play the game but it is worth it in the end. 10/10 game. Nice work.
,Recommended,331500,32846650,Posted: 27 June,all,T.O.A.S.T,It's one of those games that's alright on it's own. But it gets really fun once you get a group of friends in on it.
76561197992943573,Recommended,331500,34353305,Posted: 19 August,all,Harry,"This is like a 2/3 thumbs up. It's hard to recommend for a few reasons, but is certainly fun for a time.PROS:Very fun gameplayCoop is also funHas strategical depthUnique - Not many games of this type, especially done this wellCONS:No matchmaking system (if we had this, the game would have tremendous replay value)Very poor replay value without friends to play withSomewhat unbalanced tech choicesSome glitches and bugsThe devs are improving the balance and fixing bugs in the test branch currently, so the last 2 cons could get better (they are not horrible)."
76561197995142404,Recommended,331500,33973067,Posted: 2 August,all,Sarxis,It's fun but it's a bit rough around the edges.  But EA does something that many RTS games do not by letting you take direct control of every unit from the giganto behemoths down to commanding squads of man-sized assault robots.The soundtrack is unexpectedly good and epic too!
,Recommended,331500,34229312,Posted: 13 August,all,Sh3ld0n Anth0ny,Loved the game can be laggy at some points but otherwise amazing wish their could be 8 executives. I hope there is a Executive assult 2.
,Recommended,331500,34216214,Posted: 13 August,all,the,very fun game to play with friends
,Recommended,331500,34204607,Posted: 12 August,all,✭TG  Mussolini✭,Good game but i wish more people played the multiplayer.
,Recommended,331500,34752161,Posted: 5 September,all,piemanabc,"Good Game, Maybe wait till a sale. The menu takes a little getting used to but its good."
,Recommended,331500,34848917,Posted: 9 September,all,Loafus Crambuckle,♥♥♥♥ing tasty
,Recommended,331500,34850048,Posted: 9 September,all,burritoboy712,"Executive Assault has a very unique idea in the sense that it's an RTS, but it can be an FPS, and the execution of this idea was done quite well. I truly did enjoy this game although I don't play it a lot, it's a very good RTS game and I recommend it to anyone that is searching for a new idea in an RTS."
,Recommended,331500,33391384,Posted: 8 July,all,Element,"This strategy action RTS game has some amazing mechanics, and is incredibly in-depth. It's one of the most unique and original game I have played in years, offering both an impressive top-down RTS and a visually amazing FPS.You must have friends to play with and for some, it might not be a game you could play over and over, as it doesn't have the biggest variety of content. But for agame I had never heard of before it was suggested by a friend, it's one of the most fun games I've ever played period.I recommend this to everyone, as it is a must-play for RTS fans as well as top-down shooter fans."
,Recommended,331500,35458338,Posted: 3 October,all,John,great game love it
76561198125257348,Recommended,331500,28486535,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,JEz,Love it
