user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,331600,17781481,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Calorie Mate,"If you only want the One Piece experience on PC, then go ahead and buy it. The game is a lot of fun, and most likely what you're looking for.However, if you actually care about the PC as a gaming platform, and how it is treated by some publishers, then you might want to sit this one out.Look at the screenshots in the gallery above. You see the texture quality, the lighting and visual effects such as ambient occlusion? Not there. The nice fire and ice effects on characters? Not there. You see the rain in two of the screenshots? Not evencloseto that weird effect that's actually in the game.The reason for this? It's a straight PS3 port. A port of a version that was made for a consolealmost a decade old.When you look at this comparisonhttp://screenshotcomparison.com/comparison/140253(hover with the cursor on the picture to see the PC version), you may think that the game actually looks decent enough to enjoy it. And I totally agree with this! But I do wonder why the PC has to get the inferior PS3 port? I mean, it's almost 2016, and one might think that we've actually moved away from this practice. Especially since many PS4/XboxOne games don't even get PS3/360 versions anymore.What's even worse, is that Bandai Namco had several months to actually communicate that PC is getting the PS3 version, but instead they chose to not say anything and advertise with PS4 footage.Amongst others, I initially gave Bandai the benefit of the doubt, and believed that the graphic settings are bugged and locked at the lowest settings, since changing them does absolutely nothing(except for draw distance and enemy density), but it seems that they're supposed to not do anything, since the game is locked at PS3 graphics...The game is also missing the onlineco-opthat's included in the console versions. When asked on twitter for a reason, or if they would consider including it in an update, Bandai simply responded with:""It was stated on Steam that the online mode would not be included :)""Make of that what you will. The port also doesn't have cloud saves, so you better copy your savefile manually when uninstalling...Now this is the problem with Steam's rating system. I have to decide between two options. If it were for the game itself, as it is across all platforms, I'd totally give a thumbs up, just like other people who are glad that the game is on PC. But the false advertising on the store page, the missing communication from Bandai, and general quality of the port(bugs like missing textures/effects, crashes), simply keep me from doing so. I have to make a choice between fan and consumer here, and the consumer wins. I missed my chance to refund it, but you might wanna think twice about supporting this port, and Koei Tecmo's practices.Edit:Half a year later and there hasn't been a single patch. Effects are still broken for many characters.Here's an example of Marco's body disappearing when in Phoenix form.And this happens with ALL characters with transformation, be it Ace, Sabo, Aokiji, Smoker etc."
,Not Recommended,331600,17897663,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Zantagor,"As much as I would've loved to give this a thumbs up, which I would've a week ago, I just can't anymore.The game itself is fine, it's a warriors game with a One Piece skin obviously, it is filled full of content, the mechanics are great, good selection of characters.BUT.It has so many issues that I can't recommend it.1: The graphics quality right now are almost on the level of the Vita version, not even PS3.  Yet, Namco kept saying on their facebook and twitter feed that the game should be on par with the PS4.2: Most of the Logia characters currently have issues such as missing major parts of their models.3: Keyboard prompts when using a controller? Seriously? Koei, you had controller prompts for Toukiden, why not here?4: Missing some of the most basic effect filter, like Taishigi's Taunt which should make the screen blurry, but instead reduces the brightness by like 5-10%?????5: Crashes on laptop GPUs6: Graphic options do nothing aside very minimal barely noticeable changes.At this point, a week after release, Namco has been completely silent on all of these.  The only answers they gave are on a one on one basis, saying ""We're investigating"".Still no public announcement about why the quality of the game is bordeline VITA level instead of the promised PS4 quality ( I could live with PS3 level).  Furthermore, their so called community team seems to do everything in the power to make it seem like the PC version doesn't even exists.  They don't talk about it anymore, they ignore all questions regarding it.It's Namco's job as publisher to answer to these things, not shove it under the rug.  At this point I canceled both my Zestiria pre-order, and Samurai Warriors 4-II until I get an answer on this.How is it that small devs like Idea Factory, Ghostlight, XSeed can patch their games multiple time in a week after release, talk to people on the steam forums, and at least ANSWER questions.  While the bigger guys like Namco just do nothing at all.They're asking AAA price for this game, but gives one of the ♥♥♥♥♥iest support available, it's like the world in reverse.Sept 27th Update: Today marks a full month since release, still no patches, fixes, or even any kind of public announcements."
,Recommended,331600,23305569,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,✯𝕁𝕆ℍℕ 𝕎𝔼𝕊𝕂𝔼ℝ✯,"The Famous Shonen series ""One Piece""finally on Steam!Pros:- Warrior games meets One Piece,get ready to face up and smash hordes of pirates,while you progress in the game.- Follows the story of the anime along the lines,having you to go up from the beginning up to the current ongoing arc.- Great amount of playable characters.- Long story (20+hours).- Dream log feature ak randomized story world mode.- Lots of cutscenes giving you a chance to understand the story even if you havent read the manga.Cons:- No online co-op,only local co-op available.- Port is based on PS3 version.Verdict:I had a good time playing  One Piece Pirate Warriors 3 but im a Warriors fan and One piece fan,overall the game gets 7/10 its a bit pricey try to grab it on sale."
,Recommended,331600,17755705,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,SmokingFlash,"**Review will be updated as I continue to play the game***I used a controller to play through this*One Piece Pirate Warriors 3The One Piece Pirate Warriors series has been around for a while now and has finally come to Steam. Join Luffy and everyone you know fight through the story all the way to Dressrosa. I will add a TL;DR at the end.GameplayYou are Monkey D. Luffy, the man who’s going to become the pirate king! You can choose to play the main story, a free log mode where you can select any character, or play dream logs. The combat is fun, fluent and will make any One Piece fan happy as hell. I have played around 32 hours so far and I still have a lot to do. The combos are swift and the team attacks are fun to use. You will unlock more characters as you play and a leveling system is present with characters. Different combos lead to different team attacks and so on. Honestly it's a blast to play through.Graphics/SoundSo the graphics are not realistic, but that’s the point. The art style stays true to One piece and perfectly recaptures the One Piece story arc. The voice acting is great and the cinematic scenes are awesome. The music fits perfectly with every moment and I may or may not have cried at some moments. Graphics and the sound mix perfectly to create an authentic One Piece game which stays true to its roots. There is a problem right now which limits the game's graphics, hopefully this will be fixed soon. There are actually multiple problems existing with logia users.Does it stay true to One Piece?As I have said before, this game perfectly captures the essence of One Piece. If you have watched the show or are a fan you will not be disappointed. This is the first time I played this game series (because I don't own a Playstation 3 or 4) and I cried at how well this retold everything in some moments. I relived this series and kicked butt while doing it. The combat shows all the popular moves from Luffy, Zoro, Sanji, Nami, etc. The character rooster is a perfect size (for me at least). If you are a fan of One Piece don't worry you will almost definitely enjoy this game.Pros/ConsPros+ Retells the One Piece storyline+ Graphics are perfect for One Piece (they should just fix the graphics bug ASAP)+ Good sized character rooster with favorites+ Leveling system+ Great campaign+ Free logs and Dream logs for even more fun+ Combat is fluent+ Cinematic scenes are amazing along with the voice actingCons- Horrible optimization for the keyboard controls- Controller buttons are not shown making it a guessing game to figure out your attacks at first- Certain small things in the storyline are non-canon- Large graphics problem existing within the game right now (hopefully fixed soon)-♥♥♥♥♥♥support from developersFinal ThoughtsI am a huge One Piece fan (I have watched every episode to date) and I am so happy to have played this game. The release to steam surprised me and I got everything I wanted and more. This game made me remember those amazing moments One Piece has had and why I love the show as much as I do. I loved the combat and I can’t wait to continue playing!TL;DROne Piece Pirate Warriors 3 is the first in the series to leave its home on the Playstation system. The combat is great and the game really does feel as if you're playing through One Piece. It stays true to everything you know and the addition of free log, dream log, a leveling system, and a decent character rooster. You should have a controller to play this or you will regret it severely as the optimization for the keyboard controls are horrible to say the least. The buttons for controller are not displayed at first and will make you guess for a short while before you get the hang of it.Currently there sadly is a graphics glitch which is very annoying to some players. Overall this game is the perfect thing for One Piece fans to get with its visuals, music, gameplay, characters, and voice acting. However I would only recommend it to fans."
,Not Recommended,331600,21270121,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,fofo808,"Bandai kinda dropped the ball with this one. Like in the case of most Musou game PC ports, the game itself is a blast and I have no problem with but the port itself is really unpolished and leaves alot to be desired. Here are the issues with the port:- PS3 textures/render distance/graphic effects instead of PS4 ones- No controller button prompts, hard to map buttons with certain controllers- No online multiplayer (PS3 and PS4 versions have this)- Some cutscenes in the second half of the game just flat out don't work (still not patched)- PS3 port instead of PS4 port graphically- Graphics options besides view distance glitched to always be stuck on lowest settings (As of August 2016 Bandai still hasn't patched this even though they acknowledged the issues on twitter a few days after release. Safe to say its never getting patched.)"
,Recommended,331600,23483330,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Cabeza Doble Cero Disparates,"While disappointing that it is based on the graphically inferior PS3 version, you have no idea how refreshing it is to play a Dynasty Warriors game (Spin-off or otherwise) and it stay at the framerate you want it to. Even still, I've seen worse PC ports using PS3 games as a base. It's optmized well, although it's controller support is certainly wonky.Generally speaking, DW games are not for everyone. They're old school beat'em ups/hack'n slashs. This is no different for One Piece Pirate Warriors 3. And why change the formula at this rate? I certainly recommend it for DW fans and One Piece fans.For any Steam users who also own a PS4. Choose your version wisely. The PS4 version has overall better graphic fidelity but the same framerate issues all DW games suffer on consoles. For me, I prefer stability, so I chose this version."
,Recommended,331600,23593524,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Ms. Bizarre,"This review is mostly targetting a lot of the negative reviews on this game, and discussing why a lot of their information is falseHaving played Koei Tecmo games on various consoles, I can say that most of the bad reviews for this game are made by very shallow-minded people.However, I'm not saying that all of their information should be ignored.There are still some big problems with this port.First, what negative reviewers are getting wrongThe game DOES have controller support, just for Xbox controllers. However, if you don't own an Xbox controller it's not the end of the world. You CAN alter the controls for this game. What most people don't realize is that it is very easy to create a nice control scheme yourself.For those complaining about the ""spinning camera"", you probably haven't played the game long enough to learn that there is a key with a sole purpose of aiming your camera where your character is looking, taking this problem away.The game doesn't crash as the reviews claim it to. If you're having crashing issues, you may want to check your PC out before instantly pinning the blame on the game.Now, what negative reviewers are getting rightAs I said before, it's true that this game has no controller support outside of the Xbox controller. I found an easy way around this, changing the keyboard layout of the controls to fit my comfort and playstyle. However, this may be a gamebreaker for those who can't live without their precious Playstation controllers.There is no online play. You are limited to local play, using the same keyboard for both players. Even then multiplayer is unenjoyable, having two people sit right next to each other, awkwardly sharing the same keyboard.The visuals of this version of the game and the PS4 version ARE different. The PC graphics are a tweaked version of the PS3 graphics, showing mostly the same visuals with a few more details and better textures. However, the PS4 graphics are much more asthetically pleasing, featuring much better textures and a higher, nicer looking saturation.Here is a comparison.The developers claim to have been trying to fix it up for some time now, but I am doubtful.Overall, it's not as bad of a port as people say it isOne Piece Pirate Warriors 3 for the PC still has a large amount of playability, and well enough fun to be had! Aside for a few minor issues, it is a great port, especially compared to other Koei Tecmo ports. It is definately worth the money, and easily a recommendation for either the PC or the PS4, depending on what platform is available to you."
,Recommended,331600,18263152,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Toshley,"If you are a One Piece fan, then this is the perfect game for you.Being the first OP game  Bandai Namco entertainment  game, that isnt just on consoles is like a dream come true for us PC gamers. Now I can finaly play with my favorite characters.Positive:-Gameplay is smooth and engaging, hack 'em and smack em kind of style.While it is true you will spend a lot of time in Kizune rush attack cinematics its not all that bad.- LOTS of characters to pick from, including Shanks and Whitebeard!  (though Arlong and a few of the ""minor"" bad guys or good guys are restricted to support roles and arent playable)- Story mode is pretty well made but dont be dissapointed if it's not exactly like Anime. Creative changes had to be made. Dream mode is where the real fun is at, last island is lvl100, max level of character is 50 (then you need to break limit with coins)Negative:- Some of the later story mode chapters had weird cinematics that didnt work or made my game crash. Corrupted installation or game problem , dont know.- MUSIC, man. My personal gripe with the game that is has None of the music from the show. But I guess thats understandable with the massive copyright wall and all.for 61, 98 euros (pre-order gold edition) and being a OP fan. Totaly worth it!score: 8/10"
76561197989406459,Not Recommended,331600,17880533,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Whirsil,"First they came out with clunky mouse'&'keyboard controls, and I did not speak out—I bought myself  a gamepad.Then they came out with decade-year old graphics, and I did not speak out—I was oldschool.Then they came out with game-breaking bugs, and I did not speak out—There was always a guy ready to fix games for free, while someone else was getting paid.Then they came out with no Xinput-API support, you know, the thing that had been SPECIFICALLY DESIGNED for cross-platform gaming and made alot of PC-gamers PAY FOR xbox-compatible controllers— And so I spoke: ""F@#K THIS!"""
,Not Recommended,331600,17861368,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Kaeyleb,"The guys at Bandai are just screwing with people, this game should be removed until an updated version is released equally to it's console counter-parts. Those ****s gave us the PSV version and not the ps4 version with updated graphics and online coop."
,Recommended,331600,20299184,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,jt,"Overall 8/10One of the best Warriors games on PC. Warriors games are like cheap Chinese food: they shouldn't be good but they're incredibly satisfying, and this is no exception.Graphics 6/10Tecmo-Koei graphics. Characters look good, environments are spare, textures mediocre. This one's cell-shaded, and less brown than DW or SW.Sound 7/10Japanese-only audio, but they seem to have fixed the screaming baby enemies from other Warriors games.Gameplay 9/10Great hack-n-slash gameplay, enough combos to be interesting but not so many you get lost.Balance 8/10Doesn't feel unfair, but still satisfying. No rage-quitting.Player Investment 8/10Lots of unlockable characters, costumes, moves, etc. Keeps you interested.Loyalty to Source Material ?/10No idea, don't care.Details:I've seen maybe 15 minutes of the One Piece anime in my life, and never read the manga, but I thought I'd try this since I love Warriors games. It's pretty great, but let me run through a quick synopsis for you:You run around large open battlefields obliterating everything in your path with a selection of two-button combos and ultimate moves. This is the usual Dynasty/Samurai Warriors gameplay formula. In this case the battlefields and characters are all drawn from One Piece, which necessaruly makes them cartoony and somewhat ridiculous. OPPW3 makes heavy use of in-game objectives to keep the battles a bit more interesting than your standard DW title, but not as frantic and stressful as Samurai Warriors 4-II. Warriors games are all about gameplay, not about graphics, and that's obvious in-game.As always with a Warriors game there's a healthy number of playable characters to unlock, all with different movesets. You'll notice I've played for something like 17 hours and still haven't unlocked five or six of them. Not that they're impossible, but they take work to get.The game's divided into three modes: Legend, Free, and Dream.Legend is a series of battles that (I assume) follow the story of the franchise and unlock a lot of the major characters along the way.Free mode lets you replay any stages from Legend mode with different characters.Dream mode lets you work your way through a bunch of battles, unlocking occasional characters (mostly villains) along the way. These characters can only unlock in Legend mode, as far as I'm aware.Characters level up, as in other Warriors games, but also require the use of coins to improve specific stats further. These coins are acquired each time you beat an enemy, but only for that enemy. Some rare coins require fulfilling certain objectives, like getting so many S rank stats in a battle, or winning battles with certain characters. This system works surprisingly well and will keep you going back to battles to get rare coins needed to level up your favorite characters.I've been playing this game with an Xbox One controller, which works great with one exception: Many menus act like the right trigger is pulled and scroll to the bottom. Holding the left trigger halfway down balances this and lets you scroll as normal, but you have to hold the trigger the exact right amount. This mostly happens in the shop and skill menus, so it's not going to keep you from getting to the right mode or anything, but it's worth mentioning.Great game, and I recommend it. If you love Warriors games it's probably worth full price, but if you're not sure I'd wait until it's on sale."
,Recommended,331600,17748751,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,derFrØsty,"Let's talk about my 4h experience.First of all I've never played an One Piece game before, so my review is going to be centered only on this game.Let's start with the settings, I've a PC that can run almost every game in ultra (CPU: i7 4790; GPU: GTX 970; RAM: 8GB).So far the graphs in game look fine and the gameplay doesn't stutter or anything.Secondly Controls. I play with my XBOX One controller, and had no problems setting it up cause everything was set up by default for the controller. But the down side of it is that the controls are written for general controllers, so the X button was the button no. 1 and the A button the no. 2 (I don't really recall the numbers), but in the end it was pretty easy to understand which button did what.To finish let's talk about gameplay.The game is pretty straight to you, every thing is explained to you, the missions, what you're supposed to do, when and where. The combo moves are quite funny and easy to do.There are 3 game modes:- Legend Log, where you play the main story with the crew characters, when Zoro enters the crew you can use it instead of Luffy, and when Usopp does you can switch it too.- Free Log, where you can play the chapters from the main story but with whoever you feel like playing. For instance you can play Buggy in the Prologue to save Zoro.- Dream Log, this is where it gets funny. You choose a character, for instance I chose Robin, and you navigate the grand line from island to island. In each island you are given two random allies (in my first I had Law & Chopper, in my 2nd I had Jabra and a Lapahn) and you have two Bosses to defeat in that island. In the end you can advance trough the islands and you get epic encounter (for example in my 3rd island I've to fight Ace).From what I've played, I can say the game it's pretty good, awesome gameplay, great combos, but a little bit repetitive.Awesome game for the fans of the series (anime/manga) and even for those who never thought about watching it. If you have friends and they never felt like watching One Piece, this game is awesome to start them up.8/10"
76561198100318400,Recommended,331600,17747741,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Creed,"Best PC port from anything Tecmo has given us, 60 fpsMow down hordes of enemies.DO NOT PLAY THIS WITH A KEYBOARD"
,Recommended,331600,17795932,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Destro,"So it seems a lot of people have issues regarding this game, but I've encountered none of those. No crashes, no bugs and my controller works perfectly. The game is pretty much what I expected. You play the whole One Piece story of the Straw Hat Pirates and afterwards you can play these story chapters with a variety of other characters. In the Dream mode you can unlock new characters. In addition to that you can upgrade your characters stats for doing missions.The gameplay is nothing new or innovative, it's the same over and over again. But there are a lot of characters to choose from, so it's not getting boring. And as a long time fan of One Piece, I'm really happy to see One Piece on Steam :)I've completed the story once and up until now I really enjoyed the game. 8/10"
,Recommended,331600,23590569,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Elfezen,"It's perfect, the world's biggest Anime combined with Dynasty Warriors musou gameplay and awesome backround music. It also follows all the story events very accurately so you will learn everything about One Piece up to now just from this game.I'm gonna be the Pirate King!"
76561198040274026,Recommended,331600,29552834,Posted: 28 January,all,ElliottH,"Do you like to beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of people and repetitive gameplay with PS3 graphics?Then this is for you.Overall i recommend this to every OP fan, 11/10"
,Recommended,331600,20726012,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,King Of The Off Brands,"A great game, but I can really only recommend to One Piece fansPirate Warriors 3 is, as you can tell, the third game in the Pirate Warriors musou (Dynasty Warrior reskin) games for the anime/manga franchise One Piece.  One Piece in its self is a fantastic series with superb writing (compared to most Shonen works) and the games try their hardest to cater to those fans.PROSLots of great little touches from the series37 characters to play as from the series (Including characters from the Dressrosa Arc).The max level is 50, but you can break the limit to raise it to Lv. 100, with even bigger movesets.Aside from story mode, there's Dream Log, which allows for more gameplay as well as unlocking more characters.And beyond that is the Nightmare Log, which showcases a map of Lv. 100 enemiesScratches that itch whenever Oda goes on break.CONSQuite repetitive (especially early on)Story is there, but it doesn't really present it with the drama and weight of the original series (I suggest reading the series if you're curious)Graphics and other things are locked off at a pretty low level, and i had to poke around on the Community Hub as well as the games' files to get it to a near PS4 level of graphic fidelityControllers sort of work (PS3 controllers unsurprisingly work the best, albeit with some hiccups) and Xbox controllers work as well, but might require another program to fix it.Story Mode has lots of annoying interruptions for scripted events, so you can lose your Kizuna gauge if activated before said event, not to mention it breaks immersion.IN BETWEENAudio is in Japanese, though Text is in English.  I put this here because I prefer it, but others might not like it.Some of the characters have mediocre movesets and some of the good characters (like Aokiji/Kuzan) have been nerfed to a point of being somewhat mediocre, though it might depend on how you play. Also the female characters are somewhat underpowered.  [Edit (3-28-16): The movesets improve after breaking the level limit (going beyond lv 50), but that might take a bit of time]Coins are required to break the max levels and raise the level cap from 50 to 100, but a good many are random and it can be very tedious unlocking the right coins via chance, or just limit breaking the worst characters.  (All the good ones, Whitebeard, Shanks, Luffy, and Doflamingo to name a few require a coin that can only be unlocked after getting an S rank on all 50 or so missions in the Dream Log, so yeah).  Very tediousPirate Warriors 3 is a great service to One Piece fans, and possibly Dynasty Warrior fans who are curious about the strange and whimsical world of One Piece, but I'd warn anyone else to be wary.  It also helps to be a fan of the series to know which characters are good for crowd control and which aren't, among other things.  Other than that, I can recomend this game."
,Recommended,331600,28364798,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Seigour,"DISLIKES1. Save button only saved the game, not customized control setup. Have to key in everytime to play.2. Pointless camera view.3. No online multiplayer. The provided 2P works if you have another person next to you.4. Can't play some characters (yet they be on support / Kizuna). Can't choose the characters you want for support / Kizuna (wish it was possible in Dream or Nightmare Logs).5. Long cutscenes that have slight difference from original manga / anime story. Can't skip some in-game scenes - if you have a long chain of Special Kizuna Attack, then wait for each characters to say it.6. Repetitive grinding work on Dream and Nightmare Logs.LIKES1. Awesome attacks, each characters have different things to offer and so unique from one another. Some characters will stay with their personality - Using Luffy to attack Boa will make her evade him and goes somewhere else at times (but she still gets hit), Enel can't use lightning on Luffy (no hits except from his staff), Sanji is useless against women, Buggy runs with a Buggy mobile etc.2. Missions, treasure events, side goals and in-game stories are great in Legend Log.3. Plenty choices of combos that produces different types of attacks and unique Kizuna chain system.4. Some support characters (i.e. Hannibal, Alvida, Monet, Lapahn) may look weak but they are good in gathering (!) - WAY better than strong / popular characters (i.e. Sanji, Law, Blackbeard, Chopper etc.).5. Several choices of awesome characters that you can play with in Free, Dream or Nightmare Logs - those characters are the popular ones. Very few female characters to choose but ain't a big deal to me.6. A unique yet enjoyable game - easy to get Beli money, levelling up characters on the first phase up to 50 was easy but balanced out with hard grinding on the second phase - the same goes for poster skills and coins.Extra: Unexpectedly, my first level break is Moriah. In awe with Jinbe, After TS Usopp, After TS Tashigi and Marco's moves.10/10 will grind with Ace my hommie and use Robin's giga footwork to stomp enemies."
,Not Recommended,331600,17748953,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Rayge,Update: There is also an issue with some mobile GPUs not showing character models during dialogues in the game.This game is being falsely advertised on the store page with PS4 screenshots and being defended by very avid Musou and One Piece fans bloating the score beyond what it actually deserves. The game is currently stuck at PS3 level graphics with PS4 enemy counts due to the graphics menus not working for the last month that it has been released. The frame rate is stuck at 59FPS along with multiple controller issues for a huge amount of players.What is so surprising is that there are people who are actually in support of this scummy practice of false advertising. Koei Tecmo will probably never fix the issue with this game since it can't even be bothered to fix the promises they made for Dead or Alive 5. People who support this company and its practices just boggle my mind.
,Recommended,331600,26077781,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Akka,"This muso does the OP series justiceThe basic gameplay elements are all there. Thousands of mooks lining up in front of you eager to be knocked down like dominos. Race across the map and mash A to progress the plot. For better or worse, it plays like a standard muso.What sets this game apart in this genre are the rewards for playing. You're treated to a huge array of cutscenes from the source material, reimagined using the game's CG models. Sure, they couldn't model every single minor character, but what is included is tremendously expansive.One Piece has been running for awhile. If you need a refresher over the plot and haven't played a muso game lately then look no further than this. If you haven't experienced OP at all, just read the manga. What's wrong, too long for you to read? Just watch the anime if you're lazy. It's only SEVEN HUNDRED FIFTY EPISODES"
76561198214864088,Not Recommended,331600,17756846,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Hayley,"So I orginally got this game so that I could play with my boyfriend, together, at the same time. These games are very similar to dynasty warriors games and with that, they are easier to use with a controller. I understand that this game said partial controller support, but only one controller works. I have a xbox 360 wireless adapter and two xbox 360 controllers. However, when we start up the game, only player one works on the controller while player two doesn't get to do anything with their controller.The only way that I was able to figure out how this works and that one person is forced to play this game while on the computer with a mouse and keyboard which I think is stupid. Why in the world would you only let there be one controller in use... I wanted this game to be a co-op experience with my boyfriend, but this isn't happening.Our current set up is that the pc is connected to our tv so we can play on the couch, but now he must play in front of the computer while I have to play on the couch which defeats the purpose of couch co-op. So either I am forced to buy another controller and re-map all of the controls on to a new piece of hardware or you guys can fix this issues and I can change this negative into a positveTL:DRDon't get this game if you want to play couch co-op with wireless 360 controllers, only one will work, the other play must play with a mouse and keyboard..."
,Not Recommended,331600,17800236,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Fabio-DSC,"TL;DR: Fun game, but lazy port (Graphic and online wise) and the developers don't even give a reason why we get the ps3 graphics instead of ps4. Let's hope the modding community saves us all. Come on, Koei didn't even bother adding controller button guides for controller users, they might ''think'' because it's PC we all use keyboard and whatnot... Ridiculous, they probably don't care for the PC gamers.This game has been pretty fun so far. As a One Piece fan I would love to recommend this game, but this port does not deserve possitive ratings for the lazy job that Koei did.The gameplay is a 7/10. Simple controls and combos, but it sure is fun beating the crap out of hundreds of enemies in front of you :). The difficulty could be much better imo. I would love it if boss fights actually made me feel like my life was on the line. Boss fights are simply all about button mashing and dodging a few attacks. Naruto games have decent challenging bosses sometimes, they could take an example from that.Graphics... I give it a 7/10, but they could be a 8-9/10 if they didn't mess up: This is the no.1 thing that makes me and many people rate this game as negative. From what I've seen and heard the graphics are a straight up ps3 port, which shouldn't be that bad, but come on, PC is boundless when it comes to games. Consoles are restricted by their hardware forever, PCs upgrade/improve constantly. So why did they not give us the ''PS4'' graphics? I call this a lazy port.Story, 9/10. Whether you know One Piece or not, I think the game does an impressive job of telling you what goes on and why, without going too much into detail. For the lengthy story of One Piece, I think they nailed it at story telling.Soundtrack/Voice, 9/10. Voice actors are the same as the anime (japanese voice) which is amazing, best quality we can get. Soundtrack is alright, it can get a little repetitive sometimes, but it does its job.Online/Co-op: 8/10 ... There is NO online mode. But hey, don't consoles have some sort of online mode? Well, that is a myth for us PC gamers. Apparently we dont get online functionalities at all. At least we get an offline 2 player co-op mode, which is pretty fun if you bring a friend over. Still, lazy port again not giving us online mode like on consoles.For the first One Piece port, they did a bad job, or at least didnt provide any reason for their failure to deliver the best. If they ever release a sequel on Steam, I will definitly not pre order it until I see whether they care about the PC community or not. I'm dissapointed, but I'll make sure to have fun and get the best out of this game, which probably shouldn't cost £40 in its current state..."
,Recommended,331600,17812339,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,❀ 티타니아 ❀,"I've been dying to grab and play this game since I first found it on steam 2 months prior to release. I held my breath on instant purchase since I don't really know much on what defines a good or bad game port, but it felt like my worries were pointless. Or perhaps, I've been really, really lucky.First of all, I've been a fan of the One Piece series for years. This can be looked upon as a biased review, or not. I've followed the discussions for quite a while, and I see that many are having problems. As aforementioned, I'm simply lucky and have not met any problems yet. Game runs fine for me; no controller and saving problems, and as far as I've ran the game for, there hasn't been any noticeable bugs or glitches that has caught my attention. Well, other than the fact that the characters' arms have a weird shading from possibly bad graphics. Thought I'd mention my personal grudge, but AIs don't really lend a hand in certain parts of the game when you really need help from. Graphics are the least of my concerns, and the game itself is of repetitive gameplay. I find the difficulty of the game rather balanced, though this is really my first DW kind of game.Frankly speaking, I stopped watching the anime at the start of the Dressarosa arc because I got lazy, and I never managed to get myself to sit down and read the massive amount of manga chapters. This game serves as a good recollection of the main events that happened in the adventures of the crew and I love it. The story still makes me cry sometimes (*sniff* Marineford *sniff*) and I find the game to be truly a fascinating and entertaining experience in itself. I'd totally recommend getting it if you're a fan of One Piece and is willing to give such a genre a chance to shine in your hands. Or at least, according to the forums, I'd pray you luck."
,Recommended,331600,23725921,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Sir Crocodile,"Playing as tashigiDefeated kizaru,shanks,whitebeardmost realistic one piece game out there10/10 would defeated them again"
,Not Recommended,331600,17894867,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Reinbach,"Just get the console and/or Vita version of the game instead. This version does not feature any sort of online multiplayer, nor does it seem like it will be getting online support any time in the future.For what the game is, it's quite fun. Probably the most fun I've had playing a Musou game, but after only 20 or so hours of playing the game, my drive to play it has pretty much dried up.The only way I'd find renewed interest in this game is if it were to add some sort of online play. Don't really care what, co-op, some sort of weird VS where you fight for territory, whatever you can think of. But as a solely single player game, it is lacking at best."
,Not Recommended,331600,17760961,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,purcellaz'zon✨,"THEY MUST FIX GRAPHIX ISSUES AND CONTROLLER PROBLEMS.Same problem as all porting, they sucks. The game is still the same but please.KOEI, NAMCO BANDAI, ALL OF YOUFix this fu****ng game as fast as you can. Cannot play a psvita version on my top pc.Ridiculous."
,Not Recommended,331600,17760502,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Briaria,"This game doesn't have Online Co-op, a huge turn off for me. It gets boring playing the same thing over and over when you don't even have new people to play it with..."
76561198123226610,Not Recommended,331600,18557628,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,The One Who Bops,"Dont get this on the PC. This seems to be a bad Vita port. You heard me. Not a bad ps4 port, but a bad VITA port. Colours are washed out, shadows barely exist, and they didnt even put in the right controller prompts for game pads. I dont even think theres actual data for the higher graphical settings as the scripts for them arent in the games files and is actually MISSING 2gigs of data from the ps4 version. That being said, if youre a one piece fan in any sense of the word and enjoy mindless but satisfying beat em ups, I suggest getting it. On the PS4."
,Recommended,331600,25630353,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,I ' M  G A Y,"The game is absolutely fantastic. However, be warned that this GAME DOES NOT HAVE STEAM CLOUD implemented.Which to be honest, is ridiculous. You do so much stuff in this game and you could lose it easily. I just lost my game file today.Make sure to make a back up your save file."
76561198142743836,Recommended,331600,34448504,Posted: 23 August,all,Ragnar the Red,"First anime based game that is worth buying at full price!It can tell you the story very well, and is an awesome game as well."
,Not Recommended,331600,17790447,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,[H.O.H]Daxien,"Graphics are locked to the lowest setting, changing it seems to only affect how many enemeis can appearPS3 Version of the gameNo Online Co-OpThe game itself is quite good, and as a fan of One Piece I love all the little things that are in it like Sanji being incapable of hitting female characters, but as usual for Koei-Tecmo their ports are garbage, just wish I could get a refund, but it seems they hid all the crashes past 2 hours in this time.EDIT: After giving it another go it seems that rather than the crashes being tied to beating Wapol the game just crashes for seemingly no reason, after reinstalling and verifying files this continues to happen constantly"
76561197992709923,Not Recommended,331600,18200443,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,PandaBot,"I really wish that i could recommend this game, but at it's current state you will be buying a vita game for 49,99€. The game is missing textures, and the graphics are locked on low settings. so even if you are a huge one piece fan, i recommend not buying this game before it has been fixed. Or if you own a ps4 buy it on that."
76561198161032240,Not Recommended,331600,20152696,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,sillysmy,"All around very poor quality port to the PC.  Every little thing in this PC version speaks of the fact that they've done the bare minimum to make it possible to be sold on the PC to make extra money, as opposed to wanting to deliver a good game to their PC user base that they care about.One specific issue I had was that the game did not recognize the right analog stick and the two analog shoulder triggers on my Xbox360 controller.  I couldn't map them to anything in the controller settings.  Not having camera control on the right analog stick makes this close to unplayable for me.  At that point, I'm no longer ""playing"" the game but just mashing buttons in random directions blindly at enemies I can't really see.Koei Tecmo reminds me a lot of the old Capcom.  They milk their franchises to death.  They often make their profit in ways that leave fans feeling dirty and cheated in the end.  They don't listen to, or care about, their fans.  Then all their fans and talent in the company leave them after years of abuse.  Capcom has fallen from grace despite having had legendary franchises like Mega Man,  Ghosts'n Goblins, Street Fighter, and an empire of beat 'em ups including Final Fight.  Much of the once massive fan base had turned their backs.  Capcom is a sad little company now.  Koei Tecmo seems to be happily skipping-and-hopping right down that road, while throwing rotten eggs at PC users along the way.I will never buy another Koei Tecmo product on the PC again, ever.  I hope other displeased users will make the distinction between Koei Tecmo (the developer of the game) and Bandai Namco (merely the publisher), and point their pitchforks in the right direction."
,Recommended,331600,33126472,Posted: 2 July,all,✪ tempo,Must have for One Piece and/or Dynasty Warriors series fans!
76561198040772804,Not Recommended,331600,20106092,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Razgriz_G,"A console game that ported to PC poorly.   It limited so much option.  No boarderless window mode, no online co op.  The game company has clearly did not want to spend time to  port the game to PC properly. Very poor interface.  For a game that normally cost around 60 bucks , It would not recommend it.  Even at 50% off, I still have to think really hard to buy it.  It is not worth the money, even if you are  an One Piece fan.  Unless you are hardcore OP fan that is."
,Not Recommended,331600,29723211,Posted: 5 February,all,泥鰍小妹妹,"Cons1.Controller Mapping are too messy to begin with2.Not working with your standard PS4,XBOX controller,only workbest with steam controller(can only map in big pictureMode3.Game Is extremely buggy for a 1 and a half year old game.4.No 21:9 support (max resolution 1200p)5.Cutscene autoskip itself on final chapter.6.Game Constantly Crash on final chapter(i have encounter this problem 3 times)7.Quality Not On Par with PS4 version,much likely a ps3 game.8.Gameplay is too repetitive and do not have variety of combos.9.your right analog stick do not work with this game(only controller option you can play with is using steam controller)10.Game Start Out with Keyboard Mapping(you have no option to map your controller)11.Frame Drop On Chapter 4(Last mission)12.No Online MultiplayerPros1.Nice hack and slash game withThirty-seven quirky characters to choose from. Robust story campaign and bonus play modes.2.Have Many Scene from anime.My ConclusionBetter get this game on console than on PC,i do not mind the crash or lack of graphic fidelity but the lack of controller mapping and messed up keyboard mapping really is imposible to play with this game.Only if you have steam controller or try map the key out in big picture mode.otherwise the game is really unplayable and for the price you might as well get it cheap on console and skip the pc version.if you truly a fan of One Piece i suggest you get One Piece Burning Blood that is develop by Bandai Namco.The game do not deserve a nice review since for almost 1 and a half year,KT simply did not patch the game and still did not solve the issue fully. You've been warned if you have read this lousy review.TRY THE GAME TO BELIEVE IT."
76561198056375651,Recommended,331600,17853265,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Vicious Tit Guzzler,"really fun game if you like one piece-picks dream log- takes whitebeard as character-walk around stage only to see sabo , luffy , garp and akainu trying to kill ace- 10/10"
,Not Recommended,331600,18539310,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Konstantyn Casterly,Did I really paid 50€ for this ****? Dont get me wrong I love the francise and One Piece I love much more.I love this game anyway (Look at the time I played this game).But. The. Graphics. Are. EVEN WORSE THAN THE PS3 VERSION!? Wtf did Koei Tecmo Games or whoever disigned this **** thought about it? And seriously they get payed for disigning this **** ?Every time I am playing a logia charakter (KIZARU) I just wanna cry...I am not joking. I am playing the game on the highest resolution and all settings are on high. The PS Vita version costs 36€ at our Electronic Market here. And It ******* has a 10 times better graphics and 0 Bugs at Logia's and it has no random crashed etc.Maybe you noticed that I am a bit angry...But yes youre right I AM. I spend 50€+35€ for a X-Box Controller for this low and buggy graphics. They cheat us with the pictures did you even noticed that? These are pictures of the PS4 version!!!I will take my review back if they are gonna rework/patch all bugs away and add better graphics.
76561198137634601,Recommended,331600,19100383,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Monkey D. Luffy,Has Shanks in it.Shanks can wear shades.10/10 game of the year!!!!!
,Recommended,331600,30227050,Posted: 27 February,all,That Guy ☆VG☆,"One Piece is a Musou game ported from PS3 to PC based off the anime. I'm a big fan of Musou, thrown all the way back to my high school days when I poured hours into Dynasty Warriors 1-3 with my friends.Controls are simple and easy to understand, rich character history, each character is pretty unique with different attacks that you'll love to try out. Every character is unique and fun to try.Are you a completionist? Then this game will be one hell of a grind. Difficultywise, 100% achievement is easily doable. Does the time justify the hours spent to earn those? You'll definitely feel like you've achieved something, but in my honest opinion, I'd pull my hair out from sheer tediousness.Pros:+ Warrior games meets One Piece+ Follows the story of the anime along the lines, having you to go up from the beginning up to the current ongoing arc. Added bonus of the final level, which is non-canon+ Great amount of playable characters+ Long story (20+hours), and even longer if you are a completionist (90 hours in and I'm only 10 characters in on maxed crew level)+ Simple controls+ Changed feature from OPPW2 where you can level break and keep progressing your characters+ Simple leveling system+ Lots of cutscenes giving you a chance to understand the story even if you haven't read the manga, doesn't quite capture EVERY single detail but does a pretty nice job placing almost everything inCons:- No online co-op,only local co-op available- Port is based on PS3 version- As a completionist, I gave up 90 hours in trying to complete the last 3 achievements- PriceTL;DR:7/10Musou game that takes from the anime, simple controls, great variety of enjoyable characters, long game, big improvements from it's predecessor. Lacks online play, is a direct port, a little pricey, and will have to grind hours to 100%."
,Recommended,331600,30111309,Posted: 22 February,all,twitch.tv/truestlordpancake,"Is this game something to use to introduce yourself to the One Piece universe?No.On it's own is this a good game?Yes.Is it more than just Dynasty warriors reskinned and retooled for One Piece?Not Really,Look I'll be honest. I like this game a lot. It's fun to play, It zips through the story of One Piece, and it lets you rip through hordes of enemies Straw Hat style. It has everything you want if you are a fan of the series and are looking for a fun game based on the series. It won't change the world, but it will give you a good fun diversion to visit every one in a while."
76561197970529548,Not Recommended,331600,17997828,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,and Thighs,theyve broke the camera that used to follow u now u have to press shift to look in front that a bs kinda of camera so yeah.....
,Recommended,331600,18983331,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Derrath,"Very good game, fantastic if you're a fan! The characters are true to the manga/show, and the gameplay adds to the experience of being very powerful! (It is a warriors game after all).I see a lot of people are giving bad reviews for performance, but I got this game the day it came out and I've never seen any issues. Also, the graphics are true to the styling, so don't expect super HD or anything.PROS-Gameplay is exciting-lots to do after story-lots of characters to unlock-great fan qualityCONS-Short story mode, many arcs condensed. I'm hoping they re-do dressrosa, because it is currently in a shabby state.-A few missing characters that are available only as support (monet, coby, and hatchi to name a few)-controls labeled as icons, not buttons or names (light heavy etc) can be confusing at first, especially on controller, tough you figure it out pretty quick.TL;DRGreat game for everyone, a must have for one piece fans!"
76561198122658108,Recommended,331600,22254472,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,HijackLoL,"""This game relies heavily on keyboard""10/10 even usopp can't lie that far."
,Recommended,331600,25758304,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,junkrodent,"This game is very awesome, loved every moment of it! I still play it after I completed the story - it has so much to offer! As for the controls, I'll post a a helpful part in this comment:Basically the controls are much like the PS3 ver,____________________________________X - Square/AttackY - Triangle/SpecialStart + Y - Kizuna AttackB - Circle/AttackL and R  - Camera controls.Select is basically the target button on Marine Commanders/Bosses______________________________________________I hoped this helped anyone having trouble with the controls via Xbox Controller."
,Recommended,331600,24099459,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Miporin,"I am not a fan of the Warriors series, as I always find them lacking in GAMEPLAY department. However, I find that One Piece Pirate Warriors 3 is interesting despite it being the Warriors game, but still, it has its flaws. Here is my opinion:Graphic and FX[ ★★☆☆☆ ]It is a BIG MEH, due to the fact that the port comes from previous gen, with very little fine-tuning to suit as PC tittle, not the latest gen. However, OPPW3 is not the graphic-intense game, and because of the art style, it doesn't suffer that much, but still looks inferior compared to what it can be.You can change that with SweetFX / ReShade. It helps to some degree, with some annoying side that you have to disable Steam-Overlay too avoid the intense brightness cause by the overlay popping up. So I have to disable it or either take it offline in order to use other features. There is also an Unlocker to help reducing enemies fading in-out by increasing draw distance, and etc. It's nice to use, with some downside that it may CTD your game after continuous play.Audio[ ★★★★★ ]Original JAP voices, I am glad that they don't remove it to put in some cheap ENG dubbed voices.Gameplay[ ★★★☆☆ ]It's warriors game alright. I am not very fond of button-mashing BRAWLER, however, OPPW3 has added in some functions from MELEE make it a little more interesting, Dashing. You can dash-cancel your move to get out of harms, which is a positive imo, instead of waiting for animations to play out, and get hit/knocked back by the enemies attack in the middle.It also serves as your combo connector, where you can resume your combo after each dash. This make each combat flows better, and faster, but again, still a mindless, button mashing Warriors game in the end.There are some flaws, but the major one, imo, is the balance. OPPW3 is EXTREMELY easy, heavily lacks of challenging factors. I started playing this on hard difficulty, and haven't toned it down ever since. In other previous Warriors, the hardest difficulty will send you back to tittle screen very fast if you are going to play it this way.You can 100% each mission easily in one go if it doesn't required you to play as several character to do certain tasks, or certain task that will be unavailable if you finish doing main missions too fast, so that you have to slow down in order to accomplish that task. (have to left most enemies alive to keep blocking the main mission to buy more time, while clearing the minimal route for the side missions to complete just in time) These are the result from no enemy scaling, so when you are buffed enough, you are more or less swoop through the map with little to no resistance.TL;DR[ ★★★☆☆ ]It's one of the better Warriors game for the gameplay, faster, a little less clunky. However, it suffers a lot from the balances. The game is too casual, extremely easy. There is no challenge to complete missions, which make grinding things a not so good experience. This is one of the game that make me use Guides so early in order to reduce mindless grinding without fun.Apart from that, One Piece fans will love it. Recommended at discounted price."
76561197982678631,Not Recommended,331600,19478620,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Slixer,"I want to say alot of these comments about the port quality are just talking out their asses, oh how I want to but sadly they are indeed very correct on this issue. The game Doesn't support many Screen ratios, it looks like a Handheld version blown up and yet somehow manages to also run look utter garbage.I was really ready to love this game, even if it looked like a PS3 game but even then it doesn't, the rough jagged outlines and the pitiful textures geninuely made me sad and I'm die hard enough that I've bought every god damn game in their library. so Please do yourself a favour, don't look at the comments and assume it's ♥♥♥♥♥ing for ♥♥♥♥♥ings sake it's all very true. Go out and buy one of the other versions and never look back."
,Recommended,331600,23436202,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Whoota,"One Piece Pirate Warriors 3 is a pretty OK One Piece game, and a slightly better Dynasty Warriors game. However, as with most anime games based off running series, it ends up being dated to the point where you lose interest rather quickly.When you buy the latest Naruto Ultimate Ninja Storm you can be assured you get the full package. All the characters are there, nothing needs to be added later or rereleased as bigger package. OPPW3 doesn’t have that luxury yet. In fact, it ends right in the middle of the second to latest current manga arc, an infamous arc that lasted nearly –if not- three years. While the game does include the bare minimum of the characters featured in this arc, it does miss out on some rather impressive features that that the game could have done with. Mostly because the roster is hardly bigger then Pirate Warriors 2.Speaking of Pirate Warriors 2, that one went out of its way to tell a new story. An excuse to put all these characters together in one place and have them duke it out; an original story. PW3 tells the actual story again and only invents an ending to the Dressrosa arc, which in retrospect turns out to be slightly more enjoyable than the way Funi handled it in the anime, but I digress. If you can overcome the problems of a lack of new content and the looming obsoleteness of this game, then read on.So PW3 is a Dynasty Warriors game at heart with One Piece characters instead of Chinese warlords (and ladies) and is set in the world of One Piece, a colourful and adventurous kind of setting. You take control of the Straw Hat pirates and their allies to fight your way through hordes and hordes of enemies to capture strongholds and defeat powerful enemies. Along the way you collect money, experience and coins to make your pirates stronger. It is tried and true Dynasty Warriors fare, but because of the distinctly different abilities of each pirate, the gameplay doesn’t get stale as fast as actual Dynasty Warriors. It also isn’t as fiendishly hard. In fact it is insultingly easy at times. I played on hard mode for the most of the campaign and I hardly noticed a difference, except in the level incompetence of the CPU allies.There is something awe inspiring about watching the knock-out counter shoot over 2000 as you punch, kick, hack and whatever your guy or gal does, through the enemy hordes before you. Each playable character is taken from the manga’s pages faithfully and if needed creatively adapted to suit the game’s stylings. The total roster levels out at over 40 playable pirates, 50 if you count costume variations. Which is nice in theory, but there is also a lot of lost potential. Despite allowing you to finally play as characters like Ceasar Clown and Tashigi, the option to play as the majority of the villains and even fan favorites such as Kid and Mr 2 is missing. Despite being the third game in the series, and the stagnant storyline, hardly any effort was put in some substantial fan service.The corner cutting doesn’t really end there. As a PC port, it is a mess. It recognizes a game pad for single player. However, you can forget a second pad for the split screen multiplayer. Draw distance and anti-aliasing leave much to be desired. The latter is particularly glaring as the game uses vector shading to give the characters their black outlines. To top it off, the music is just a mess at times. I can understand how an annual anime cash-in isn’t going to use an orchestral soundtrack, but the midi compositions for this game almost hurt to listen to. I’m not going to ask why the anime soundtrack was omitted again, because it will probably have something to do with copyright and other legal haberdashery, but it would certainly improve the playability.Overall though, the game works ok, but it could be better. More content, better polish, certainly some better optimization would help. As for now though, OPPW3 is a passable One Piece beat ‘em up for the PC. It is entertaining for the fans and it could inspire newcomers to hop on the series’ bandwagon. Buy it on sale, with a steep discount for the best experience.Addendum: I did get a second controller to work though, but only by mapping the Steam Controller to function as a virtual keyboard. Not ideal, but it gets the job done."
,Not Recommended,331600,17820734,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Geese Is Leese,no coop 50 dollars and a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ps3 portanything else i should say?
,Recommended,331600,17837463,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Hoi Hoi Hoi,"The first One Piece game on Steam. If you like the series I suggest you buy it.Three modes:Story (main story)Freelog (main story line but you can use any character tha you have unlocked before)Dreamlog (various missions)i played the game with an xbox 360 controller and it took me about 18~ hours for the main storyline.It seems that i still have more to unlock in Dreamlog mode.I am a fan of the series, its fun, and the first One Piece on Steam.People are suggesting not to buy it because of ithe graphic issues and hope that this will teach the developer/publisher a lesson, but the developer/publisher have another option and thats not releasing future games on PC."
76561198001317086,Recommended,331600,30253193,Posted: 28 February,all,Officer Tackleberry,"The biggest problem with this game for me is the controller support. A controller is practically required for this, and it controls like absolute garbage on its own. There was no way to set the right stick to move the camera, and the button inputs were quite literally all over the place. However, there are guides out there that show ways to fix it. I ultimately had to install a 3rd party controller program, and with the help of the guides, got the controls fixed 100%. If you're willing to do a lit bit of tinkering, the game is pretty fantastic, and I would definitely recommend!"
,Recommended,331600,32810962,Posted: 26 June,all,Drunk chopper,This game makes a mouse looks useless.
,Recommended,331600,20244314,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Alo,"It's actually a pretty dang good game. Despite its simplistic nature and it's missing out on features that would've drastically improved it, it holds up very well.It's a classic style beat-em-up JRPG, with a good mix of story, missions, side-quests and explosive action to keep you playing. The soundtrack is amazing, and I'm pretty sure they don't replicate the same song for different levels. But I've yet to finish it, so don't quote me on that. It also involves a bit of strategy if you take the game seriously enough to want to 100% it, as you try to balance out who you're levelling up and spending coins on, as well as which territories you should go for first, so the game does well to layer it's inner complexities upon and massive heap of ""just go in and beat the ever living hell out of everything that moves."" And I think that heap is what makes the game fun. It's nonsensical violence in all its glory. Sure, there are segments which are just plain frustrating, but the fact that you can easily take that frustration out on 50 or more guys in the form of one powerful move which downs them all instantly redeems the game.But, despite being a really fun game, it has its drawbacks. As you'd expect from a game of this style, it can easily fall victim to repetitive gameplay. The flashy moves get less and less flashy as you use them, and you will be using them a lot.And more on the aspects of gameplay it's missing, I felt it lost a huge opportunity to diversify itself from other beat-em-up games in the form of actually commanding where troops should go and what they should focus on. It would make up for the blatantly stupid AI getting itself in seriously bad situations. It doesn't help that those situations can sometimes cost you the entire mission as a whole either.Honestly, even though the game has its flaws, I'm sure every game does. And this ones pros easily out way the cons. I'd recommend this game fully if you want to have a fun time, even if you don't necessarily watch or know the anime all that well."
,Recommended,331600,27017989,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,S3ath,"I've put my time into this game, certainly not as much as other people. But what I can say is that I've enjoyed this game the entire time I've played it. This is coming as a fan of the Dynasty Warriors games in general though, so whether that means more or less to you is all on you."
76561198268294609,Not Recommended,331600,21246894,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,theinkyawwin1995,ps3 graphicsthough it would be ps4 graphics because i see ps4 picture but its ps3 graphics sad........!!!!!!!
76561198160868511,Recommended,331600,33574522,Posted: 15 July,all,Strayed Lynx,"Excellent Dinasty Warriors game set in the One Piece Universe,this game shines for it's great longevity,huge cast of characters to choose from,great gameplay and low system requirements."
,Recommended,331600,31568588,Posted: 5 May,all,Kubizzle,You can make Akainu dance with Brook
,Recommended,331600,24233514,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,ASH+Vocaholic,"The One Piece setting works surprisingly well for Koei's 'Warriors' games.. so well that I would say it may even be a better fit for it than ROTK. The story is summarized, told and projected great in the campaign missions and really does give off the One Piece vibe.For me, the game runs fine, feels great and looks even better graphically without going into specific/trivial details.Content-wise it's nothing short of amazing for a Warriors game. Though people who are new and/or not familiar with the Warrior series may need a good while to adjust to it's mechanics. I strongly advise using a controller for this game which brings up one downside. The controls only seem to work properly for official Xbox controllers (360 and Xbox One) excluding those of third parties. I haven't tried keyboard controls so I can't really judge it but I can't imagine it feeling as good as a controller.I would have no doubts recommending this game for it's full price if it wasn't for Koei stripping off the online multiplayer/co-op functions for all of their ports without exception. However, it's still a solid game without it."
76561198065637418,Not Recommended,331600,19897905,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,chair96,"Terrible port. Graphics are awful as it's from the ps3 version. No updates have been released since the game came out on pc, its obvious the devs don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about pc users. Not only that, but all logia users are bugged and missing textures. I honestly don't get why this game has 85 percent positive reviews, I mean I love the one piece anime and manga and i'm sure this game is much better on a a ps4, but the pc port is absolute garbage. I would reccomend this game if they actually fixed all these issues but in it's current state I just can't. And i doubt anything will change i mean its been 4 months. If you dont care about how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ a port this game is and just want to play it because it says one piece then go ahead and buy it because it is fun"
,Recommended,331600,17809360,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Spardacus ˙ ͜ʟ˙,"I've truly enjoyed the game this far, though there are a few missing pieces.Aside from the graphical issues and slightly terrible, but yet not-so terrible ports, there are many characters that make an appearance, but is not playable. For instance Arlong and Monet, which can only be used as support characters. They even added Hannyabal (the impel down warden wanna-be), Lapahn (Snow bunnies) and minotaur as support characters. Yet Rayleigh, rest of the Worst Generation and countless others are not present.Though I recommend it for the story and the fun, nonetheless."
,Not Recommended,331600,17810170,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,cloudsefi,"To Bandai Namco !The game is already broken..i dont care much if is a port of ps3 or ps4 version... but the grafics dont work correctlyThe game suffers from graphic glitches mostly on characters which transform when using Kizuna.The bodies goes invisible , some parts appear randomly, capes are missing. Kizaru, Marco, Sabo, Ace and who knows whom else. The game is great but it needs fix! Urgent fix!https://youtu.be/bo66Lkb9y88An now a question..one of this captures is from Pc-version..is very dificult to know...but...http://es.tinypic.com/r/wjjtw9/8http://es.tinypic.com/r/2cfa83c/8PC players we dont accept this...dont we a new batman :(P.D the game is great and funny for all fans from one piece and musou game !!"
,Recommended,331600,29404716,Posted: 21 January,all,Ролан,If you enjoys hack and slash like Dynasty warrior (1 vs thousand useless army) and fan of One pieceGo for this game!
76561198089757691,Not Recommended,331600,18775213,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Symphonious Requiem,Don't buy this trash made by Koei
,Not Recommended,331600,20586780,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,\_>CKC<_/,when i play episode 4 until the end .....suddenly black out.....i need to turn off my destop.....cant exit == anyone got same problem with me ? or anyone can help me with this issue TT
,Recommended,331600,30355786,Posted: 6 March,all,DeathWantsMore,"This is undoubtedly one the best games Koei Tecmo has ever produced and not because it's One Piece (I am not even a big fan of the show/manga) but solely because the gameplay is so freakin' awesome and on top of that it really captures the essence of what those characters doing in the show - making hundreds of soldiers fly in just one punch, it basically making Musou and One Piece crossover a perfect match. Also they captured characters and their move sets pretty well in my opinion, I am not familiar with every character but most of those whom I happen to know/recognize done really well.I'll run down some positive and negative aspects of this game:Positive:Amazing gameplay: lots of moves and characters to play each with unique combos, juggles, supers and kizuna attacks.Fun and informative story mode which covers events up to the Dressrosa arc with original made up ending.Superb animations blended with great cartoonish graphics and special effects.As every other modern KT game it has light RPG elements: each character can be leveled up (up to level 100) which boosts their stats and adds new moves to their arsenal.Huge replayability: after completing story mode you can replay each mission in Free Mode on Very Hard difficulty (which is quite challenging without maxed out characters) with a character of your choice and complete all side objectives which you probably missed. On top of that there's a Dream Log mode in which you travel various islands and complete a random set of missions in each one, you can collect various coins there (which are used to upgrade your characters) and unlock new characters. After completion a new Nightmare Log will be unlocked which is basically the same thing but with level 100 enemies in each island.Massive fan service: story/character glossaries, events/music and character galleries where you can listen to their in-game quotes, watch their facial expressions and 3D models.Astonishing sound effects with native japanese dub.Good performance.Negative:Major complaint is that it's a PS3 port with inferior graphics. Well, it is, but if you're playing KT games for graphics then you're clearly on the wrong tracks here.Only DirectInput controller support, that's pretty bad, solvable but XInput would be much better.No SLI support (shocker!) yet again.If you don't want to spoil anime/manga for yourself then you should only play it after learning about the events of Dressrosa arc.If you're a KT/Musou games fan (like myself) or just a One Piece fan then it's a game made for you, it's clearly a top-3 game from KT portfolio and probably the best game based on One Piece as of right now.If you're not into Musou games however and don't care about One Piece then you probably should keep your money for something else.9/10."
76561198001408368,Recommended,331600,17831851,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Queen HawlSera,"If you're a One Piece fan, you'll love itIf you want a game that combines mindless button mashing with real time strategy, you'll love itIf you played Hyrule Warriors at a friend's house and want something similar for your PC, you'll love it.I was highly dissapointed with how bad Dynasty Warriors 6 on Steam was, but One Piece delievers the action and with a good round of entertaining characters.. Even if you've never seen the show it does have a story mode and bios to help you catch up and is still a very enjoyable game in its own right. Which is good, it's my belief that a licensed game should be an enjoyable experience even if you aren't familiar with the license, if you happen to be a fan then consider that a bonus.If you are a One Piece fan, various moments are captured very welll from Axe Hand Morgan all the way to... I think it goes up to Gear Fourth, but don't qoute me on that. So parts are changed to make it transition better to game, but it's still very smooth sailing, pun intended.So come aboard and bring along, all your hopes and dreams!"
,Recommended,331600,18109036,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Travingel,"Its like part 2 with a 60 fps but the graphics dont have any change if you go on low or highest settings...wich is badits repetetive though and lots of copy paste work from the previous 2 games on playstation.the storytelling is done through character models standing on a ingame background image with idle animation lip sync style, with occasional cutscenes that are very cool with flashy action and loyal to the source material.the fighting is what you expect from a warriors game, you start of with limited combo's wich you expand on as you level up constantly.you increase your stats through a coin system wich requires you to get specific coins to upgrade your characters stats, wich will require some farming at some point.final verdict :pro's :-good way to catch up to the story if you want to follow it. though some parts are left out-if you like dynasty warriors games, and love one piece, no reason to not buy it- the ultimates are flashy and the team attacks are a first in any warriors game.- the character roster is 36 characters big, not counting time skip and pre time skip- level up characters with money to the level your highest level character is oncons :- gets repetetive in long playsessions- the storytelling with the character models standing around is kinda boring.- some characters feel underpowered or sluggish to use.- some camera angles are pure fanservice (i list it as bad, could be good for you)- NO ONLINE CO-OP FOR PCi give it a 6.5 out of 10.if it would get online co-op its a 7.5 out of 10"
,Recommended,331600,17834003,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Señor M.,"Do what you want cause a pirate is free, you are a pirateAlso Kizaru best Admiral"
76561198006923019,Recommended,331600,20276338,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,√ puffy★,Gomu Gomu Noooo~~
,Not Recommended,331600,26151082,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,HAIL DAIRD,"the game itself can be fun at times, but the camera problems ruin all kinds of potential fun to be had. i have tried with multiple contollers and all i am getting is frustrated on why the camera is so ♥♥♥♥♥♥. i would not recomend this to anyone. i am severly disapointed."
76561198051133358,Recommended,331600,22256295,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Jiras5509,148 hours And Recommended
,Recommended,331600,33457904,Posted: 11 July,all,Sun Kenshin,"I almost give this 10 out of 10. However, the game froze once I cleared the last stage with most of achievements for the first time....Of course I tried to switch process back and forth, tried to quit but cancel with hope that it would come back.... Unfortunately, it gone.By the way, the system was great. I didn't touch this style (Dynasty Warrior, PS2). It turned out that there were many great features. The graphic couldn't compare with other intense but. It looked very good to me. The story was not completely the same with the manga. You also had a chance to twist the plot in the manga a bit.(for fun and nice like when you read the manga and said what if...).The controller was great (same as dynasty warrior).There was also a mode or reason for you to play repeatly in order to unlock something. And of course, some stage would change the role of playing a bit."
,Recommended,331600,26104853,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Smokagon,"One Piece Pirate Warrior is already a well-known smash-da-buttons game series and loved by One Piece fans. This game is my favorite part of the whole series as it leads you through all important stations of the Straw Hat Pirates' stories. This is in fact a good reason for gamer who haven't watched or read One Piece yet to get a good insight and maybe get interested in starting the actual series.The player has a wide variety of characters to choose from which is in my opinion always a great plus. As a smash-button game, it has to be an easy-to-learn game which is totally the case here (it could be a bit harder if you ask me).Besides the story mode the player can start the ""Dream Log""-mode where you have to conquer all islands by beating bosses to a pulp. It's funny, trust me.A huge minus is the lack of multiplayer-mode, something that was fun to do now an then in the previous games.I was actually kinda sad when I realized that there is no multiplayer-mode, but it didn't stop me from enjoying the game at all.After a good couple hours you will have picked your favorite character(s) and know how to deal with all kinds of enemies so be ready to hunt the Steam Achievements.If you're done with the latter, the game will get boring and you may play it once in a while for fun.So keep in mind to enjoy the game as long as possible!"
,Not Recommended,331600,17804847,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,xerxes,"A fun game to play, but the controls are wonky.They dont use xbox prompts if you use a controller. Its easy enough to set the controls your self. However, even  though there are just enough button on a controller for you to use most of the commands, the second set of shoulder buttons arent programmed in so you lose 2 necessary button.Edit:I originally rated this as reccomended but I made this review before playing much of the game. now thatas I have, I am updating my review. The controls are still stupid, but now the game just repeatedly crashes during the second mission of the second chapter.  A quick check of the forums will show that I am not the only one having this issue and there has been no support for the game since release. I wasted my money on this thing. I fully regret everything."
76561198115970292,Not Recommended,331600,20989176,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,ProFeedeR,"I wish they could have the feature for controlling the camera angle using analog stick instead of LT and RT. it is very inconvenient and way too sensitive...NO CONTROLLER MAPPING !!!!!! NOT EVEN AFTER A YEAR IT RELEASED !!!wish this game could be fully compitable with game padsEdit: It could have been such a great game, but the controller option destoryed it. doubt im gonna play it any more."
76561198023552863,Not Recommended,331600,20275906,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Sewer Rat,"Do not get... Controls stinks badly, the UI is very user Unfriendly, there is no english transilation, other than the already there, and the they did it lazily... hell its a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥job of a game..."
,Not Recommended,331600,20542313,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Blodtørst,pretty boring if you ask me
,Recommended,331600,35250464,Posted: 27 September,all,Nickuro,"One Piece Pirate Warriors 3 was my first step into the One Piece series as a whole. I've never watched the anime, but this game leaves a nice impression on One Piece's style and charm while being an exceptional musou-style game!I'll say right off the bat, if you're not into the musou genre, like Dynasty Warriors games, then this won't change your mind. But for those who do enjoy it, there's plenty to sink your teeth into here!The story mode, or Legend Log as it's called in the game, took me about 20 hours to complete - give-or-take some time, I generally get distracted and leave my games on while doing other things - and it follows the tale of Luffy and the Straw Hat crew from humble beginnings all the way up through the Dressrosa arc. The storytelling isn't as spectacular as, say the Ultimate Ninja Storm series, but it's understandable given the genre of the game.Each mission - of which there are 21, four in each chapter plus a prologue - will give you a text-based recap of events leading up to the stage, and then both comic-book-styled and fully animated cutscenes will play during the actual adventure. It misses its beats, and not every character is as fleshed out as they are in the anime, but I suppose it's to be expected, as the game does want to hurry the player along into the next mission.Once the fighting begins, you'll find the familiar territory-taking, mook-mashing, boss-bashing gameplay to be pretty easy to pick up. I would totally recommend playing on Hard difficulty, since the game is already very easy, and I lost only once on the final stage; you're rewarded consistently for playing on Hard mode, and it gives the game a little more challenge as well. What sets Pirate Warriors 3's gameplay apart is its Kizuna bar. Your teammates will hop in-and-out of each mission, and you can select which support teammate you want to help you, and as you defeat lots of enemies, this guage will fill. Once it's full, you can activate Kizuna to do even more damage, amplify your abilities, and even have multiple support characters assist you in battle at once by filling multiple Kizuna bars and using special team-up attacks before its use-timer runs out.Outside of the Legend Log is the Free Log, which lets you replay any stage you want with any of the characters you've unlocked. However, going through the story mode alone isn't enough to unlock all of the characters; to get many of the remaining locked characters, you're going to have to play through the Dream Log mode, which sets you on a sort of board-game where you pick your character of choice and travel from piece-to-piece fighting other characters and playing randomized stages. Once you hit the final board piece of the Dream Log, however, is where the game's real endgame begins, as you'll unlock the Nightmare Log afterwards. By this point, you'll have unlocked each character, so pick your favorites and have at it!As far as multiplayer goes, sadly, the PC version only has local cooperative play, unlike the console counterpart which offers fully online multiplayer. If you have a friend or family member that's willing to play, split-screen is always a viable option, however.I would wholly recommend this game to both musou enthusiasts and One Piece fans alike! I fit into the former category, and enjoy these kinds of games, though I'm not too big into watching anime, and I still found a very charming, fun experience in my time with PW3!"
,Recommended,331600,35415411,Posted: 2 October,all,a l t a d 1 3 0 5 ツ,Would completly recommend this game but keep in mind that this game does not support the steam cloud!!!Once this game is deleted or even launched from another Computer you have to start all over!
,Recommended,331600,19500917,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,[TSS]Nadeau5,"I want to keep this short and sweet.The One Piece game itself is perfect and is almost flawless in my opinion. However, you can definitely tell the games controlls were meant for console, i still play with the keyboard because i dont own a contoller. The campaign is definitely fun and is what you would expect if you watch the anime like myself.One of my favorite things about this game though is the dream log, the dream log allows players to unlock new characters and abilities. The dream log takes countless fun hours to complete and when completed the is even a nightmare log which is even better! One thing that definitely stands out is the split screen in the game even with a keyboard. One of you can use the w,a,s,d keys to move as the other uses the arrow keys on another keyboard.In conclusion i give the game a 8/10 for campaign reasons and a 9.5/10 for its replay factor."
76561198118803455,Recommended,331600,30500457,Posted: 13 March,all,SNIP3Rx99,Play With A Controller
76561198063838983,Recommended,331600,30599268,Posted: 18 March,all,DoppelGengar,"So I wanted to play a Warriors game. Couldn’t afford for Berserk, or Samurai, so I found this one on sale. I bought it on a whim, but definitely did not regret it. I haven’t played the past two games of the series, so I can’t make any comparisons. What I can say is that this game was a whole lot of fun and that it earned a spot in my favorites.One thing that must be known, though. This game follows up on almost all of the One Piece story until now. So if you’re not up to date with the manga or anime, chances are you’ll feel a bit lost. As a matter of fact, Pirate Warriors 3 is pretty much meant to One Piece fans that follow the story close. It is NOT a game you should play if you want to get into the story for the first time. It’s probably its biggest downside, but for people who don’t know One Piece, this game might not be the best choice.Since I am a One Piece fan, I had a very good time playing through all the story mode. Each  campaign follows one arc of the story, and while it is pretty rushed, they’re all interesting and fun to play through. The battle system, while loyal to the basic Warriors game mechanics, adds a few gimmicks on its own. I personally found the friend/Kizuna system pretty interesting and fun to play around with. Overall, this game made me remember why I used to love One Piece so much.Pros:- Very fun and dynamic gameplay. It can easily eat a few hours of your time while fighting your way through the many campaigns available.- Pretty cool soundtrack.- Interesting mechanic for skill learning, which awards you for playing and testing different sets of characters.- All the characters with their unique set of skills, while also being pretty loyal to One Piece. Like Sanji being unable to hit women, people getting depressed from Perona’s moves, or turning to stone by Hancock’s moves… Very cool attention to detail.- Intense campaigns, with different challenges that can cause different changes. It’s no walk on the park, son.Cons:- Not really meant for non One Piece fans.- All the mechanics and controls took a bit of time to learn, because they just use symbols instead of showing the actual joystick buttons. You might need to take a peek at the controls configurations to check how to do certain things.- A certain lack of skins. While some characters like Luffy do have different outfits based on different story arcs, others just don’t. I feel there could be a lot more, and not just from DLC.Overall, this game is pretty great. If you’re a One Piece fan, it’s almost a must buy. If you’re not a fan, but don’t care much for following the story, it’s still a pretty fun game. Well earned thumbs up!"
76561198054195233,Recommended,331600,27900138,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Directionally Challenged,"Alright so this is my first legit game review and I’ve put a lot of thought into it. I would like to say that on a whole, I really loved this game. Hands down, it is possibly one of my favorite games that I’ve played in the recent years. That being said, I want to break down the pro’s and the cons and I’ll go into a little bit of detail about them. Starting with the cons.Con- The Animation.While I think that some of the cutscene animation was done well, I feel like it was lack luster most of the time and that it detracted from the feel of the moment.  There are times it gets very, flaky? I’m not entirely sure what the proper word is, but it seems very rigid and choppy.Con- The Comic PanelsThere are times when in the cutscenes, the comic panels work against the story. Like times when their mouths are just agape and it really detracts from the scene. I don’t really feel like it’s a major con, but it’s something that pulls me out of the world and the moment.Con- The feeling that every map is just kind of the same.It’s basic cookie cutter beat em up. That’s not VERY bad but it’s still, after a while I would like some kind of change up. The Dream Log was a nice addition to try and get out of the beat em up monotonous grind, but it just felt like more of the same after a while.Now for the pro’s.Pro- It felt like One Piece.It really did have this grand feel about it, even though it could get repetitive, I loved the feeling of being zoro, or luffy or anyone else of the series. Their powers felt like something deserving of their titles. Like Whitebeard’s ability to basically flip the world on it’s head. It all felt very satisfying.Pro- The ArtWhile I think there are times the cutscenes can detract from the moment, when it get’s it right. It get’s it ♥♥♥♥ING right. I loved so many of the scenes where the cutscene was full animation and it felt like how a One Piece game should be and I was so excited and sad and just… it was really well done and well executed.Pro- The CharactersThe unique cast that it offered and just the sheer number of characters with their own unique styles and everything just made this game much more fun to play. It gave me a nice goal to try and unlock them all so I could see all their amazing powers and how they interacted with the crews during the kizuna rushes. I really wanted more and more from them."
76561198042077879,Not Recommended,331600,23741066,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Spader,"While I do enjoy the gameplay of this game. It crashes harder then other games by Koei. I've been stuck in the same story mission for because the game crashing in 3 different areas of the level. Lowering the FPS does help with the crashings, however why should i have to do such a thing."
,Recommended,331600,21017996,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,CoolDBZ,Lets Start with the Good side:It is fun\AddictiveIt plays well at 60 fpsThis games story mode can be play With two peopleNow the bad side:THERE IS NOOO ONLINEEEE COMPARED TO THE PS4This game Doesent have as good graphics as the PS4 (but there is a mod to fix that)But i still would recomend it to those people thatplay with their Siblings or children And is overall fun
,Recommended,331600,23618717,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Lanselot,"i was hesitant to buy this game based on a lot of negative results, but when it was on sale i gave it a try.I am legitimately confused now.it is not a looker (a given with koei) but i am playing this on a laptop with intel HD graphics, and it looks decent. it is a HUGE game, containing at least 20-30 hours of gameplay before the grind, and i feel like a thief for buying it on sale.(then again, not having 4K support was a complaint i actually read)tldr 8/10"
76561198086041785,Not Recommended,331600,33839900,Posted: 27 July,all,DinoNugget51,horrible controller support.
,Recommended,331600,18336370,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Kaiten,"I can respect the negative reviews, low graphic rate and still no fix so people had to made graphic mods, no xbox 360 controller layout, some gpu crashing issues and to me, the dlc will just be costumes and less new mission or areas.(would love to have movie scene missions to play or new characters there missing such as the rest of doflamingo family for example).Anyway over all the game is great and I still enjoy it, I mean I’m not really into anime much but I love one piece and other Shonen jump anime. Can be a little repetitive but still fun, I recommend if you like Dynasty warriors, anime and one piece."
,Not Recommended,331600,30146153,Posted: 24 February,all,malik.shelton22,could have been good but just a bad port with bad controller support
,Recommended,331600,17785949,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Dakebs,"No need to explain, you just need to play using a controller for better gameplay experience. The Graphics is very Identical to the Vita version though that's just a Minor Issue, it's a fun game no doubt, but it's not with the same league as Dynasty Warriors Gundam Series interms of game mechanics, it lacks innovation. Would recommend to One Piece fans.8/10 Yo ho ho ho!"
76561198082216836,Recommended,331600,18578647,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,What Sausage,WARNING!!! can't use a mouse with it
,Recommended,331600,23611752,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Beastmode獣,MIDWEEK MADNESS! 75%GG :* EASY GAME (Change the difficult for a Thrill)* JOYSTICK GOOD* KEYBOARD GOOD* LOTS OF HEROES TO PLAY* 100% HARD TO GET BORED* FUNFan of ONE PIECE ?YOU SHOULD BUY THIS GAME
,Recommended,331600,17841447,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,SmallVille,If you love One Piece just buy it then you will not disappointed.
76561198163388798,Recommended,331600,20590901,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,CaptainCosplay,"Is anyone else haing graphic issues? Don't get me wrong, the game is amazing! But Usopp and Bon Clay's hair is off of their heads..... and sometimes enemies heads float. And the specials have graphic bugs also. So, is it me? Or is it an issue being fixed by Bandai?"
,Recommended,331600,24099172,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,[SPOOPY] Loki [SPOOPY],I bought this game and i am still on the Fishman Island Arc in the anime.....still very fun
,Recommended,331600,20450016,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,BackFlip59,Best OST 2015
76561198314255591,Recommended,331600,28671295,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,DD™,Nice game
,Recommended,331600,32707390,Posted: 23 June,all,TheUnderdog2020,"If you like One Piece and follow the manga or anime then this is a great game for you. It follows the story up until the beginning of the Doflamingo arc. From there on it is a completely unique and different storyline. I am not one for fight games. But this was incredibley fun and I poured over 100 hours into it. I prefer this style of game over 1v1 fighting games. There is more of a free roam aspect to it. Not to mention you are taking out whole groups of enemies at once, the way it is meant to be done!I love this game."
,Recommended,331600,33043953,Posted: 30 June,all,Xorlick,+ tells the story of One Piece nicely+ Nice combat system+ Good graphics even if you don't have a perfect graphics card (I have an NVIDEA GeForce GT 730 and it plays smoothly)+ half naked japanese girls- Maps can get boring after a while- Low resolution- If you dont't have a controller you will have a hard time with this game.If you're a One Piece fan I would recommend this game.
,Recommended,331600,23228581,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Duster,if it has free mode just like dynasty warriors empires it would be 10/10
,Recommended,331600,23925760,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Raymond,"#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorAspectsRatingNoteDifficulty★★★☆☆Normal difficulty will suit the best, using easy and hard difficulty was a little awkward for this game (IMO)Gameplay★★★★☆Really fun, a lot of combo from a lot of OP characters. But it's a little bit boring if you do a repetitive gameplay.Graphic★★★☆☆Really standard, Poor graphic for today's PC gaming.Secret★★★☆☆There are secrets in every stages, like treasure hunt, legend completion, etc. But it's pretty standard.Sound★★★★☆The sound of character and gameplay was cute and create a fun atmosphere. Really suit the game.Story★★★★☆It was the same with the original story. From Romance Dawn to Dressrosa. Only doflamingo fight scene that didn't following the original story. All was told in very short cutscene. The story was light and not too complex."
,Recommended,331600,27840849,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Franky,"I love it, I am a big fan of this anime and you guys made me happy and proud. All for One Piece :)"
,Recommended,331600,29772717,Posted: 7 February,all,Astaran,Love this game! I can always go back to this game if I'm bored and still have a blast! Love how even if your not a One Piece fan you can pick this game up and be caught up to the current arc.
,Recommended,331600,18098394,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,1st Edition Ver. 2.31,you can take revenge of Ace! ♥♥♥♥ blackbeard!
,Recommended,331600,20314565,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,The GnPT,"I recommend a controller, reading a guide on how to mod the game, and looking up what the symbols used in the control scheme mean. Once you do those things, pretty solid Musou title with One Piece characters."
76561198061305500,Recommended,331600,33740709,Posted: 23 July,all,JamesxPingu,THIS GAME IS TO ADDICTIVE!So much stuff to collect! You can play this for atleast 200+ hours if you want all of the coins!The fighting is such an inprovment from the other pirate warriors games!
,Recommended,331600,34053780,Posted: 5 August,all,"DEI NO MI AS ""LEL""","This game takes you from the beginning of the strawhat pirates until the clashes in dressrosaPretty good game, many playable characters that makes me really likes this gameThe graphic is like the PS3 version but with 60FPS 1080p resolutionThis game is like a Dynasty Warrior game but with One Piece characterI recommend to play this using controllerDon't buy it if you use a keyboard, the control in this game is hard to understand but you will get used to it after a few game*Buy this when on sale*"
,Recommended,331600,33415010,Posted: 9 July,all,- dan -,"I'm gonna be the pirate king!!! One piece pirate warriors 3 is a ""warriors"" (dynasty or samurai are the series mainstay)  game set in the one piece universe. I have long said that the two would be a match made in heaven and this title succeeds in capturing some of the spirit of one pieces 1 vs many battles. The game features a large selection of characters from the series and many different fighting styles. Over all this is a very cathartic game, fun to just run around the map and beat up 1000 grunts after a long day at the office.Good-solid cast-covers the one piece story as well as you could expect a single game to cover a Manga that has been going for 15 odd years-lots of replayability-its pretty fun running around as your favorite OP character beating on goonsBad-can be repetitive-someone's favorite character is going to be missing (where is bartolomello??)-simplifies the story massivelyOverall its a fun game and worth playing for any one piece fan, 4.5/5"
76561198023901949,Recommended,331600,33363346,Posted: 7 July,all,Dubsoul,!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198285296994,Recommended,331600,35401463,Posted: 1 October,all,aquafrog,"I spent forever playing this game and have deduced that the enjoyment you get out of it depends on who you are. If you are a OnePiece fan you will probobly like this game, it follows the plot of the anime and manga decently well. I would deffinitly recomend it to Dynasty Warrior fans but if you don't like these games stay far away. It is repetitive and some achievements take a couple hundred hours(getting all S class in dream mode,) but I enjoyed the game. I would not reccomend going even close to finishing all the content in this game, it's just to large."
76561198174504882,Recommended,331600,30278630,Posted: 2 March,all,LAVVVAAAAAA,"I saw this game coming with both of its dlc's at an amazingly low price at 12.99 euros. At that point I was like meh screw it, but when I saw some gameplay of the first chapter I was amazed and determined to buy it, so I did. It's is pretty good game  I have to say even though it lacks some information, you can choose what character you want to play after you unlock them in the story mode. It's cons are that there is no online mode wich I hope the will add it into the game, it's controls are hard to learn  in the beginning.Highly recommend this game :)"
76561198044855663,Recommended,331600,30060920,Posted: 20 February,all,Leozoro,"Great game if you like the other tecmo/koei button-masher large scale battle games.  It has a decent roster of playable characters and the story is pretty accurate of what happens in the anime to a general degree. I definitely recommend it, but, just like most other warrior games make sure you have a controller because the keyboard layout is AWFUL!"
76561198073215224,Recommended,331600,32941605,Posted: 28 June,all,ARTIC1,Best Musou LIke Game EVER
76561198025238942,Recommended,331600,30303947,Posted: 3 March,all,Shadowfist,Well made
76561198258504306,Recommended,331600,31180735,Posted: 16 April,all,meh,enjoyed great game
,Recommended,331600,19484091,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Michel Gefuni,"This game is phenomenal, a great game hack'n slash, and especially for a fan of the series.Pirate Warriors 3 is the kind of game that has brought many innovations of his predecessors, but the fun is more than guaranteed.Something I found very good, that during missions hà sub-quests that allow a little more of the story, that is, if u not watched the anime, will not get lost during the game, almost worth a watch all kkk episodes now if u ever watched the anime, it is very nostalgic and good to review the details through the game."
76561198025376643,Recommended,331600,34605224,Posted: 30 August,all,Little Phoenix,"I have played previous D.Warrior based games and honestly... This actually works because it OP is based on a storyline that is fairly well known.One of the downsides is characters like Benn Beckman are simply left out and you have lots of generic characters in their roles. Captain Kuro's pirates should have cat-themed outfits and their generic... Lots of major side characters are left out.  This is bad because even PS2 OP games had many side characters, even if they weren't fighters.The models are some of the better models for characters and look pretty decent compared to some other games like the Grand Battle series.  The Japanese VA is in there, not this bothers me but I guess they didn't want to do dubbing of voices.  Honestly I won't comment as I don't know the circumstances behind the games release in the west.ITs nice to play through many of the OP storyline... But its not all there either.  Little Garden and the Davy fights aren't there (thats really okay in some respects, but it does leave gaps).  Impel Down feels not like Impel Down because the levels are on top of each other in the storyline and laid flat in this game in one level.  You also don't fight the other beasts, or the wild beasts of lvl2. OR really see much of Impel Down's layout.  :-/As a good die hard fan of OP... ITs not bad, not the best though. Totally worth it.  If you sit there and try and get all the unlocks, you'll be there a while though.  Typical of a Japanese game, but it will keep you busy for a while at least."
76561198257699248,Recommended,331600,24424962,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Jyu Viole Grace,"+Really fun gameplay system.+Characters are really different between them. Good representation overall.+Story mode is really detailed for this kind of manga/anime games.+Coin system is really good. Much better than OP PW 2 coin system.-PS3 port.-Only a few new playable characters. I miss Arlong, Mr 2 and Vivi.-This game don't reach until the end of Dressrossa. Outdated Luffy and Zoro."
,Recommended,331600,28028615,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Nimbus,"I normally don't expect a whole lot out of anime games, but Pirate Warriors 3 blew my expectations away. I have played plenty of other One Piece games but none of them capture the spirit of the series quite as well as this one does. Being able to plow down massive armies of enemies while unleashing unique devil fruit powers is what One Piece is all about! There are a ton of playable characters and most of them have very different play styles.I wouldn't call the graphics amazing, but they fit the style of One Piece well. The story is told through both cutscenes and ""talking heads."" It's pretty cool to see the familiar story unfold in game format, and they have faithfully recreated many scenes from the series in 3D (even right down to some of the more memorable manga panels).The music is decent and it seems to fit the style of One Piece, but it gets a bit repetitive and doesn't hold up to the soundtrack of the anime. (There is a way to replace the music so check out the forums if it's something that's really important to you). I was also very happy to discover that the original Japanese voice actors from the anime are present, so that really adds to the experience. Clearly you won't grasp the full 900ish episode story line over the course of the game, but it covers the basic plot points well and I think even people who don't follow the series super closely can appreciate the story.Outside of the main story mode, there is also a 'Dream Log' that gives you more freedom in your character selection. It has different scenarios for you to complete and it adds a ton of replay value to try and unlock all the characters. Think of it as being in the same spirit as Event Mode from Super Smash Bros.Overall, I would highly recommend this game. If you are a fan of One Piece or Musou games, this will be right up your alley. It is one of my favorite anime games and the best video game representation of One Piece that I have ever found!"
,Recommended,331600,30203264,Posted: 26 February,all,Gwimmlord,Has some bugs here and there but great game over alldefinite buy as an OP and or musuo fan.
,Recommended,331600,24108958,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Dosto,"Great game, despite of the quality of the port the game itself is great and fun. Great for ppl who aren't into One piece and a love letter to fans of the serie.Nice art style and great in-game animations too, specially for a musou game. Every attack and special attacks has an animation sequence, that makes the game more close to the anime serie.My only negative point is that theres no key binding for the controller, also the game always show you the keyboard keys on screen even if youre using a controller, so you need to figure out what button is for at first. Fortunately its an issue that wont take you more than two levels in game to figure out the whole button layout, the game is also very intuitive in terms of controls, so no mayor problems there."
76561198065078436,Recommended,331600,25307812,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Lars Vegas,"Was pretty fun, but I couldn't play it more than a few hours..."
76561198080294448,Recommended,331600,21060730,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Geo_AW,"One Piece pirate warriors 3 is without a doubt one of the funnest anime games, scratch that, games IN GENERAL,  I have played in a while, keep in mind I don't usually review games, but this one is so fun!  I suggest any One piece fans to get it, its fast paced and easy it to catch on to, and worth the 49.99 price!!"
,Recommended,331600,21065949,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Midsin,The best game for One Piece fans.
,Recommended,331600,35007862,Posted: 16 September,all,{[Good.Stuff]},NEED....................STEAM........................CLOUD!!!!!!Gud gam (play it whit a controller) :D
,Recommended,331600,23872804,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Yato,Lit
76561198105263185,Recommended,331600,35010502,Posted: 16 September,all,VAP.Bravo|Pro,"love this game, nice gameplay :D"
76561198107460801,Not Recommended,331600,21415042,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,[NWSR] King_Dom_Un,If you want to spamp click buttons for hours this game is for you. With no tutorial you won't have a ♥♥♥♥ing clue which buttons to press. Then when you find out what buttons they are they are in stupid possitions on your keyboard which then you spamp for ages until you are bored stiff. With constant enimes flowwing in at you the game is nothing like the anime which is amazing please if you love one peace dont ruin the animes atmoshpere with such an apaling game.
76561198082697388,Recommended,331600,34716177,Posted: 3 September,all,toby_21,as a massive fan of one piece this game is ace and its made by one of my fave developers from the dynasty games the controller support could be better but fantastic none the less =]
76561198093495984,Recommended,331600,34906901,Posted: 12 September,all,muckmuck40,love this game
76561198351608354,Not Recommended,331600,30251648,Posted: 28 February,all,tsoron,"The controls are terrible. |It made me dust off my Wii U and play Hyrule Warriors instead. If they could update the control scheme I'd change my review, but until then:4/10  - Fun franchise and game, too bad about the controls."
,Recommended,331600,18993801,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Max M-L,Really fun addictive and amazing game.But you should use a controller preferably a PS4 one.You'd be better off if you get this on the PS4 instead of PC since the graphics and gameplay on the PS4 are 10x better.That  is if you have one.8/10
76561198181207614,Recommended,331600,23680799,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,『X-Cu-Tion 』,Please like this game please..I love this game too much
,Not Recommended,331600,17964335,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Jzecho,"Fun game. Really fun. Unfortunately I can not recommended since BANDAI NAMCO doesn't intend on fixing anything.  Really pathetic... If you're thinking about buying it you should wait for some kind of patch, either official or not, before you do so. So dmn pathetic..."
76561198057710883,Not Recommended,331600,19984829,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Kintai,The PC port is horrible compared to the console. THe graphics are so much worse and they excluded Online multiplayer. I would not reccomend buying the PC version
,Not Recommended,331600,23743443,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Parannarae,"Game itself seems great (and there are many positive comments on this game) but this game will be bad if you are buying PC version.If you are planning to play with keyboard, it would be ok (I hope) but DO NOT BUY THIS IF YOU ARE USING CONTROLLER!!!It is not playable with controller and it is not even optimized with Xbox controller (in game button is not matching with Xbox controller)Most importantly, there is no single patch released from day 1 period."
76561197966134367,Not Recommended,331600,23574272,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Luihutin,"If you're not going to read the wordy bits, here's the rundown: The game is good, but buy it on console instead.EDIT: Correction, Xbox 360 controllers have proper native - other controllers, including the Xbox One controller have issues. It's still grating, but if you do have a 360 controller, this game works just fine. Since wired controllers are a hassle to get anymore, suggest getting a battery pack.Even with just a few hours in, I can already tell you right away that you absolutely need to have a plan to get the controls working. Community guides have some ideas, but the one I'm using uses third party software which cost me another 8€.The game itself, y'see, does not have any proper native support for controllers. This alone should be a reason to NOT get the game unless you're prepared to do some work, and even more work if you want two players to play. It's idiotic how the devs just let this slide.I'm not going to tell you to support or not support this kind of lazy porting practice, but if you want to play this game you're probably better off playing a console version.Unfortunately Steam still doesn't have a between-y yes/no recommendation so I'll just say no. It's not recommended because it's a chore to start playing.EDIT: If you couldn't bother to think with your own two brain cells the first time, the game isn't bad, the port is."
76561198028398465,Not Recommended,331600,18648551,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,BigDiehl,"The gameplay is fantastic and it follows the one piece story quite well. I thoroughly enough this game.HOWEVER, KOEI has been absolutely terrible with their PC ports paying no attention to the quality what so ever. Graphics barely would consider PS3 quality. Bugs, FULL OF THEM, my game has been crashing and hitting lag spikes about 10 times during just one mission it is absolutely ridiculous. Models bug up quite frequently. I love that KOEI is starting to do pc ports but they need to work on the quality of the ports because I feel ripped off paying the same price as a PS4/PS3 user and getting half the quality. 4/10 would not recommend."
76561198182474753,Recommended,331600,27852636,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Homecoming,GG
,Recommended,331600,17912506,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Derek Volker,"One Piece meets Dynasty Warriors. If you like both, you'll probably love this one. If you don't, you'll probably find it boring in under two hours.While it is very faithful to the original story (at a point a game can be true to 700+ chapters manga) many secondary characters are cut off, but whatever, nobody did expect it to have every single One Piece character.Also, includes high doses of button mashing.Pros:One Piece story;Dynasty Warriors gameplay;Great soundtrack;Great voice work;Cons:Very weird to play on a keyboard. I highly recomend a xbox 360 controller or similar.Poor graphics (maybe due to ps3 port, Koei says they are aware and working on it, but still for now is what you get)."
76561198072529221,Recommended,331600,17965196,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Lawliet,"I must say I find this game to be really awesome. I pre-ordered it three weeks before release and I can happily say the wait was worth it. The gameplay is really awesome and I think its a really good adaptation of the original story. Some things are missing but every major aspect of the story is there.I read a couple of the reviews here in Steam and I found a lot of people b.itching about the game graphics or about bugs or the controller suppot.As far as bugs and controllers, I might say I haven't found any bug in the game, gameplay has been fluid and without problems. Also I bought a Xbox One controller just for playing this and even though it says ""Partial Controller Support"" I have been able to control evey aspect of the game from my Xbox One controller without problems.And for people b.itching about graphics, I'm really dissapointed with gamers these days, this gaming ""era"" has become one in which people judge games for their graphics. Nonsense, the game looks good. If you are a real One Piece fan you will enjoy it.I have shed tears of happiness and sadness remembering those epic One Piece moments while playing this game.I recommend it 100% if you love One Piece."
,Recommended,331600,17965876,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Sabastien,"Might be considered a not great port at the moment, but it's fun tho"
,Recommended,331600,17918321,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Kryptonian,"One Piece Pirate warriors 3, for the PCIs a good game, the gameplay's fast-paced, and action packed and over the top. You would honestly have to be trying to get your KO count below 2000 in most maps, so if you like kicking a literal ton of♥♥♥♥♥ you're already looking good.There are a ton of characters to play as, and a few have different variations that change their movesets, in some ways minor, and some major.It's even fairly different from the previous Pirate warrior games, in a few ways, the team up stuff the most prevalent. The Kizuna rush mechanic is a big one and one you'll be making use of constantly.The legend log tries to retell the story of the Manga, and while I have not beat it, it does an alright job of doing so, but still omits some key side characters in their arcs. (Dressrosa is apparently really barebones too, but that's because of when the game was being made) Some of the cutscenes are repeated from Pirate warriors 1, but they were good there, and they're good here, but the new stuff that they didn't cover in it, do get really good cutscenes, so it's all good and consistent.Dream log is where a lot of the meat of the content is and where you unlock a good chunk of the playable cast, with at least 50 battles to get through, to complete it all, and they have randomized allies and some random enemies to keep things a bit fresh. With random bounties, and tough battles ahead, you will spend a lot of time in this mode, even if you've beaten it completely.There are a lot of unlockables and collectables to get you hooked into the game, too.But there are some bad sides, if you don't like this ""Dynasty Warriors"" type of game, then this may not change your mind, and it can get a bit repetitive at times, I will admit that. And the port isn't the greatest, but some graphical bugs are being looked at and will most likely get fixed in the near future.In total, I would rate it a good 8.5 out of 10 and highly recommend it."
76561198059027013,Recommended,331600,17921557,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Burger Bro,"150+ hours on the first one, 100+ on the second. Hopefully 100+ on this one. Recommend if you love one piece"
76561198053075347,Recommended,331600,17955466,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,USOPP,BEST GAME EVER
,Recommended,331600,20311964,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Austin~ 黒 ♠,"So I had this game back on Ps4 when it first released on Japanese PSN, having spent $100 on it and playing over 100+ hours on it you could say I am a really big fan of the one piece pirate warrior games so getting this game on steam as well as getting it while it's on sale was a great thing but boy was this port a bit disappointing.Now first the only thing that really makes me mad in this port is the controls. The menu is in PC keys and the controller in game is horrible but luckily there was a guide that helped me get my controller to work like it should tho it stills feels a bit bad but I can play it like normal well besides having to use the PC keys at the menus.Being a fan of one piece and the games I will still try to play this game on steam so would I recommend it? well if you're a fan of either the games or the anime then yeah try it out but only if it gets on sale. If you're not really into the games or the anime and just looking to buy it because it's an anime game then I recommend you do not get it.With using a program to get the controller working like it would be I'll give this game a 7/10 for a decent port on steam still I do hope they give it an update since I really loved this game on console."
76561198037537707,Recommended,331600,25939354,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Rosco_P_Coletrain,"This is Dynasty Warriors but with One Piece...... I mean.... what else is there to say about it?.... ok fine, the game runs great, (120fps most of the time on my 3 or 4 year old pre-built msi laptop GTX675) and has decent graphics. IT DOES NOT HAVE ENGLISH DUBBED VOICES.. just so you know.  I overcame this problem by turning the voices off completely, as i dont mind reading but hate having gibberish screamed at me. The gameplay is fun though, all the characters have a unique feel as you carve through countless trash mobs every battle (buggy is the best). The modding support is a load of hot steamy garbage however, as all the mods use a wierd texmod thing (which i dont understand). If you dont mind hearing Japanese and potentially spoiling some of the series if you just watch dubbed, (though i guess you could stop playing the story missions whenever you reach the end of the War of the Best) id recommend."
,Recommended,331600,30540090,Posted: 16 March,all,CoronaKing,"I waited for this game to be on sale, after reading the reviews, and glad I did.  As far as the game goes, it's great, since I watch the show.  If I had no knowledge of the show, I would probably be lost, and find the story and characters lacking, but the game really captures everything well!I AM glad I got it, the only reason I waited for the sale, is that the vid they show, and all the screen shots, aren't even for the game you are buying.  You are buying the PS3 (I think) version, which is NOT on par, visually, with the PS4 version, which the video and screen shots show.  You are paying full price for a game that was released on an older console.  It's fun to play, fans will like it, but really, it IS an old port of the game.  It is most certainly, NOT the up to date, PS4 version, the videos and screen shots would lead you to believe.I wouldn't pay full price for it, but definitly worth getting on sale!"
,Recommended,331600,18001018,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,✪PinkPanther,Score 8/10ส่วนตัวเป็นคนชอบเรื่องนี้อยู่แล้ว เจอแบบนี้เข้าไป แนวเกม ออกจากเรื่องนิดหน่อยแต่ว่าใช้ได้ส่วนตัวคนที่ชอบการ์ตูนเรื่องนี้ ห้ามพลาด!!
,Recommended,331600,25980665,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,UGALisMyStyle,.░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄██████████▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀▀░░░██░░░▀▀▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄██▄░░░▄▄████████████▄▄░░░▄██▄░░░░░░░░▄███▀░░▄████▀▀▀░░░░▀▀▀████▄░░▀███▄░░░░░████▄░▄███▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀███▄░▄████░░░███▀█████▀▄████▄░░░░░░▄████▄▀█████▀███░░██▀░░███▀░██████░░░░░░██████░▀███░░▀██░░░▀░░▄██▀░░▀████▀░░▄▄░░▀████▀░░▀██▄░░▀░░░░░░░███░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀░░░░░░░░░░░███░░░░░░░░░░██████████████████████████████░░░░░░▄█░░▀██░░███░░▀██░░░░███░░███░░██▀░░█▄░░███░░███░███░░░██░░░░███░░███▄███░░███░░▀██▄████████░░░██░░░░███░░████████▄██▀░░░▀███▀░▀████░░░██░░░░███░░████▀░▀███▀░░░░░▀███▄░░▀███████░░░░███████▀░░▄███▀░░░░░░░░▀███░░░░▀▀██████████▀▀▀░░░███▀░░░░░░░░░░░░▀░░░░░▄▄▄░░░██░░░▄▄▄░░░░░▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀██████████▀▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
76561198136919988,Recommended,331600,31160466,Posted: 15 April,all,Digitronex,I LOVE THIS GAME IT IS EPIC EVERYONE WHO WATCHES ONE PIECE SHOULD GET THIS GAME!!! (Remember to get it on the Weekend Sale!) ;)
76561198060544134,Recommended,331600,17862686,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,MURPHY,"Epic game !! I wanna recommenddddddddd , love ONE PIECE forever """""
76561198120953346,Recommended,331600,17866617,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,The Oliinator,"Der dritte Teil der Pirate Warriors Reihe, welcher erstmals auch für PC erschiehn ist ein absolut gellungenes Spiel. Das Debüt auf PC ist fast ohne schwächen. Eine gute Grafik bei niedrigen Systemanforderungen sowie eine einfache und übersichtliche Steuerung, ein bewertes Kampfsystem und jede Menge Karaktere mit Original Attaken machen ONE PIECE Pirate Warriors 3 zu einem Spiel das jeder Fan von One Piece haben sollte, doch auch wer die Serie nicht kennt kann das Spiel gut spielen, denn die Storry ist leicht verständlich dargestellt.Wem die Storry aber nicht reicht kann  im Traum Log auf eigene Abeteuer gehen und eben so viele Kämpfe bestreiten, was sich empfiehlt ist sich die DLC zu zulegen,denn erst so entfaltet sich das Spiel in seiner ganzen Pracht."
,Recommended,331600,18257622,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Khalagar,"Fantastic game with a LOT of content. Game is very fun and addicting.Sadly it's a pretty bad port, but the game itself is still fantastic and more than playable"
,Recommended,331600,17841234,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Trehek,"A large-scale beat 'em up, aka. a musou game, following the genre of games like Dynasty Warriors and Hyrule Warriors. You beat up hundreds of useless mobs with devastating attacks and engage in fights with various characters from the series. Gameplay is easy - don't be afraid to turn on hard difficulty!If you're interested in the genre or in One Piece, might as well give this a try. The game is easy but I think it's pretty fun. The port is bad, though, made from the PS3 version instead of the PS4 version (from which gameplay images in the Store are!!), so graphics aren't as good as they could and controller support is shoddy, but community to the rescue! Look in the discussions section for a solution to controller issues.Story mode encompasses the entire One Piece story, from episode 1 to the completion of the Dressrosa arc, and definitely contains story spoilers for those who care!I'll give this a cautious recommend but it is somewhat of a niche title. I do like it myself."
,Recommended,331600,17873116,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,up2up,I don't know. I love it.
,Recommended,331600,17882571,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Amazing Chest Ahead!,I would recommend this game if you dont care about the graphics and stuff and you are a one piece fan and want to just play the game.I am hoping that they fix the graphics issue and make it look like the ps4 graphics but it doesnt bother me as much as it does other people.I played the game and i enjoyed it.
,Recommended,331600,17788392,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,DarkaraZer0,"************************** NEED FULL CONTROLLER SUPPORT ************************I'm a big fan of Koei Tecmo Games series.And for sure, One Piece is my love anime ever.I can't wait when hear that this game will port into PC.When this game can download into my computer,I'm so excited when think that I'll be playing with happiness.but now.......I'm so dissappointed, because of the title of this reviewOVER 9999 /10If you're One Piece lover and don't care about you can't use your controller efficiently"
,Recommended,331600,17841971,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Wizif,"Love One Piece so much, glad this game came out on PC"
76561198133306922,Recommended,331600,20685922,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Tarans,good
,Recommended,331600,17856553,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Akashi`,If you're a fan of one piecelove the japanese voice actorswant to play a legnthy game with all of the current charactersI suggest grabbing this game 10/10
76561198161840369,Recommended,331600,17799071,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Stoffie ^_^,Its the most epic game for One Piece lovers like me! Worth the money and many hours will be spent on this game. 10/10
,Recommended,331600,31297588,Posted: 22 April,all,☆P[A]L>M<☆,This game should to have cloud backup save game for PERFECT GAME  !!
76561198156515890,Recommended,331600,28892022,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Somix,I love one piece and this game is just AWERRRSOOOOMEEEE!!!
76561198027428838,Recommended,331600,30098971,Posted: 22 February,all,gabgenqc,"This game is awesome if you like the anime one piece! Plus it's like the dynasty warriors games, if you like big battles with objectives in small maps, you need this game."
76561198352316445,Recommended,331600,30132244,Posted: 23 February,all,CHICKEN ATTACK,love this game !!! great gameplay !!! one piece is  awesome !!!!
,Recommended,331600,17876278,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Jeanicccxx,Never gets bored
76561198084578850,Recommended,331600,17759411,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Justin118,"I like this game, the grapics ar bugged (locked  on midium even if you set it on the highest settings) but they ar already trying to fix the issue. The gameplay is amazing its just fast action with alot of enemys at once.The game reccomands an controler, i dont have one but it still plays fine!I recommend this games.:DEDIT -Nope they still didnt fix the grapichs.. Ha shoud have know.. :/- EDIT"
,Recommended,331600,34371016,Posted: 20 August,all,★ konano,Do you recommend this game?  Yes!
76561198003021031,Recommended,331600,28017155,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ﺕ Bennyto ==>FD<== ๏̯͡๏,"Good game, what else to say."
76561198271679303,Recommended,331600,20500116,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,EchoCo,"I am a super fan of One Piece. I am so glad to play ARPJ which is about One Piece on PC. This game shows the most main adventures, but not all of characters. I recommed people who loves One Piece so much even this game is not perfect. You will be satisfied with using most of roles to kill thousand of enemy, but not a complete plot.I am pretty sure this is the best game of One Piece since Burning Blood release."
,Recommended,331600,21650165,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,.. --. --- .-.,mto bom
76561198075069074,Recommended,331600,23639201,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Crazy Apache,Its an awesome game! Highly recommended!
76561198146153209,Recommended,331600,23703203,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,darketsu,its a very good game that i would recommend to anybody. its hard to get bored from this game as it keeps providing challenges.
,Recommended,331600,23973182,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Divine Conqueror,just real quick tldr reviewProsfun combatbosses arent fodderlots of contentdeep team systemlots of replayabilityconsno online coopbarebones portthird party controllers will  have some problems i reccomend xbox 360 controller strictlynot many customization options as far as resolution and graphics go.I personally feel they could have done a better job with enemy populationDecision: I bought the gold edition for 15$ and you should too. just avoid buying full price at all costsEdit: no issues as far as running the game kept it at 60 i see no way to increase it nor resolution beyond 1080p its a non issue game isnt graphically mind blowing anyways just play it for fun you wasnt buying this for grapics anyways i'm using a EVGA GTX 970 Superclocked and Intel i5 4690k with 8gb of ram.
76561198057005101,Not Recommended,331600,24054275,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,kreto,button smashing against thousands of marine sandsacks 3
,Recommended,331600,24219286,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Tetsuya 徹也,"Excellent game, One Piece fans like myself will love it. Decent roster of characters and includes all the epic moments from the anime such as Luffy Gear 2nd!"
76561198210916679,Recommended,331600,26728198,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Semvak,"Great Game for OP Lover Like me, A whole great story"
,Recommended,331600,28041841,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,~(˘▾˘~) (~˘▾˘)~,One Piece + Dynasty Warriors !!!
,Recommended,331600,23669719,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,proffsesional shitposter,My profile pic shows this game is good.
76561198089936079,Recommended,331600,18133802,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,[DDYS] Gaming Ace,"one of the best games i've played in a long time. The memores you get from playing this game can even make you cry tears of joy. if your not a one piece fan this game can help. my only problem with this game is the minor arcs it leaves out like apis arc or the little gardon arc. other than that this game is amazing. oh and one more thing, because the dressrosa arc is not done yet they made up the ending"
76561198256303594,Recommended,331600,23643291,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,golfza_tula,nice
,Recommended,331600,24098284,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,romanticmisery.,"It's a Koei WARRIORS game people, so if you're not used to them i'll give you a quick rundown because in their template they're pretty much all the same :* You pick a character between those available and get dumped on a battlefield* You have a small army and some allies and they have a bigger army full of commanders* Beat the guys the stage tells you to beat and you win* Mind the enemy commanders: they're the ones you should be trying to defeat, the foot soldiers are just there to be cannon fodder and add to your bodycount.* Sometimes the stages have different objectives, like ""do X before Y flees"" or ""escort some random person to a specific spot on the map"". Some are easy to do, others like timed missons might be a litte more complicated.* It's not hard to play, alternate between weak and strong attacks, mow down legions of enemies and feel like a major badass.* You'll be a one man army regardless of who you pick, but do not expect the same of your AI companions, they'll often fail to solve stuff by themselves and might get in trouble from time to time, getting their butts kicked by commanders or foot soldiers who gang up on them.*  The same can be said of your foot soldiers who make a huge amount of effort to be almost useless in battle, if some commander or hero unit land in a important base that your army is holding, and there's no companions other than soldiers there, do not leave them unattended.* Bosses aren't too difficult, just mind their attack patterns and you'll do fine.* The music is always great: SAMURAI WARRIORS likes techno, DYNASTY WARRIORS is into metal, this game loves rock, metal and jazz and will make you love it too.* Some battles turn into real slugfests where you can't actually tell what the whazoop is going on: because the objectives change, new people might arrive in the battlefield, another army might come to the party and get into a scuffle with you and the other army you were already fighting with or the lead commander from the  opposing army might withdraw from combat and leave someone else in charge,  they even might go desperate and attempt some stupid strategy. Anything can happen really.*  After clearing  the story mode once you'll usually have new characters to play and upgrade, and a lot of stupid extra modes to spend time with them.This game is pretty good, works with my Xbox360 gamepad and runs nice on my pc who's not even state of the art, it's a fun game to play with friends over local co-op, if you want to wreck marines, pirates, bandits and partake on the stealing of some poor guy trunks and watch him running around punching people to get them back, this game is for you.Also mind you that this is a ANIME BASED game, from a franchise who loves fancy combat animations, so YOU WILL  spend a lot of time listening the characters screaming their attacks names at the top of their lungs while you're fighting, and  YOU WILL at least once wish that you could skip their kizuna/musou special attack casting animations because they take like six to twelve seconds to finish.And i sorely miss a button for jumping, in some  WARRIORS games you can jump, like WARRIORS OROCHI, but in this game you dash instead, it's kinda weird, but that's okay.Nevertheless, great game, can't stop playing, get it while on sale, play it with a gamepad."
,Recommended,331600,23571512,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,TheQuietCroc,"The game's pretty fun. Lots of mooks to beat up and the characters are great!Be careful about playing with an Xbox 1 controller though. I'm playing on Win 10 and have to turn on my computer with the controllers plugged in before even starting the game. Controller 1 works normally this way, but controller 2's controls are a little wonky. If you don't do this, you'll likely find that the camera won't stop spinning while you play."
76561198069185583,Recommended,331600,23594028,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,IcePocket,"The game is nice, and it follows the plot of the series. Mostly recommended for One Piece fans."
76561198175094537,Not Recommended,331600,19349260,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Slxngerz,"every mission is the same but with different charecters and maps. very repetivitve, boring and impossible to play with a mouse and keyboard. complete let down and a waste of money."
,Not Recommended,331600,18410211,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Taste_my_Dragon,"Until goddamn namco fix the issue with 360/One Controller in Windows 10, buy the console version."
76561198159395011,Not Recommended,331600,17804744,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,We'll Show Him!!,"Dont get me wrong, it IS a reaaly fun game, however, its not a good port. It's based on the ps3 version> theres not really any graphics options(other than resolution and framerate)> there's no online co op> and the gamepad support is shoddy, due to mapping being very unclear by using numbers instead of buttons>the colors are washed out and the game looks a bit lifeless because of that7/10, its a decent warriors game, but there are port issues. hopefully Koei fixes it or we get a modding community to fix the problems"
,Not Recommended,331600,17964724,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Lucifer Morningstar,i have tried playing this game more than 10 times and all i get is the same and it dose not open or any thing so do not buy it is a waste of time
76561198053341948,Not Recommended,331600,19031573,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,kaoshosh,"Absolutely horrible port.Very bad at re-mapping controls, very restrictive and can't re-map properly.No online coop, so basically just grind to get everything then delete the game.It's just a poor port. Inferior in every way to the console version.Buy the PS4 or PS3 version. Don't buy the PC version."
,Not Recommended,331600,17876584,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,KINeticSOdium,"The Bug over game save is not acceptable !!Finally I just fohnd the problem is that the save always save on default location and never being loading when start game, what a shame bug !!!! It is never forgivable a stupid bug!!!!I am big fan of ""One Piece"", but the steam verison is so disapointed."
76561197968444162,Not Recommended,331600,18167930,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Munion,"fun game, bad port."
,Not Recommended,331600,18371213,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Hostlean,It is hard to finish this game because it always crashes at the final episode and there is no update or fix.
,Not Recommended,331600,17899235,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Gmad,"Really bad port from the PS3 version of the game, the controls are♥♥♥♥♥♥and the graphics are bad.Not worth it."
,Not Recommended,331600,18098602,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Cabral,"Good game, terrible port."
76561198019651903,Not Recommended,331600,19606628,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,karloz297,"♥♥♥♥♥game, was really looking forawrd to this game too, pad support is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ keyboard standard mapping is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics can cause lag no matter the card (im running a titan) the game wont go past a certain mission for me and everytime it crashes i need to fragment etc. to restore my pc.... wouldnt recommend buying it"
,Not Recommended,331600,22714399,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Hunter16359,Fun game if you can get a controller to work. Even while using xpadder I could not get it to run properly.
,Recommended,331600,29873151,Posted: 12 February,all,L33T_3V1L,A fast paced beat 'em up game.A must play for fans of the One Piece series and for completionists.
76561198359164055,Recommended,331600,32760753,Posted: 25 June,all,EE-SAMA,great and amaizing graphics 9/10 tho
76561198009488032,Recommended,331600,35014156,Posted: 16 September,all,OreO,This game is amazing....
76561198116023035,Recommended,331600,35017136,Posted: 17 September,all,Ruby,grey screen after i launch the game anyone can help me to solve it?
76561198038935216,Not Recommended,331600,30186553,Posted: 25 February,all,Mr MeeSeeks,"Flat out unplayable on a keyboard, truly atrocious default settings and you cannot switch to anything usable as for some unkown reason they have a 2cnd player mapped to the same keyboard even if playing solo, if you don't own a controller you flat out cannot play it without having hand cramps every 3 mins as you awkwardly fumble around the left side of the board"
76561198019289841,Recommended,331600,17804933,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,BlzeTillSkyHigh,"SIMPLE REVIEWThis is a good game,  good port. BUT I would wait for it to go on sale before buying itPros:Good GraphicsGood Gameplay (Very fun actually)Alot of Unique charactersThe story-telling is excellentCons:No English voice-overNo full controller support (I can deal with this)Feel a lot like a Dynasty Warriors gameOverall its a good game, it has local coop so you can play with your friends/siblings. And it is a very good way of gaining info about One Piece without watching 600 something episodes lol.(Edited: 700 something episodes)"
,Recommended,331600,24096142,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,S u l l y,Graphics look like♥♥♥♥♥♥(PC EDITION)Gameplay made me not take a♥♥♥♥♥♥for 3 days8/10
,Recommended,331600,18015869,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,smetch,"Disclaimer: I am a massive One piece fanboy...So if you like One Piece, and grindy games with simple fundimentals then this game is for you, if you don't care about One Piece I would probably reccomend one of the Dynasty Warriors series as the gameplay is fundimentally similar : Run here/capture zone/kill boss type mob/save allies.Storyline wise, it covers all major arcs from the begining up untill Dressrosa which is the current arc at the time of writing this review, some minor details are skipped over but watching all the cutscenes will show you everything.I am playing on a relativly old rig with an xbox controller and have had no problems at all, I have howerver read many forum posts of people having issues, so perhaps check your specs before spending your money.I'm personally enjoying the game and like the fact that there is quite a lot to unlock through grinding."
,Recommended,331600,18093577,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Lightning,"Fast paced, great fighter. Everything I expect of a Dynasty Warriors-type game.Incredibly long, spanning almost the entire of the anime series makes for hours of gameplay trying to beat every mission and get every collectable.Unfortunately. Unskippable opening sequence is very annoying after a while and controller compatability needs some work. Some controllers (my xbox360 controller for example) seem to have trouble syncing with the game. But, it's not really too big an inconvenience."
76561198104864478,Not Recommended,331600,17823217,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,乳皮,"A side from Graphic problem, Where is the Online multiplayer option? Since we bought this game is mostly because of Online feature. But If there is really don't have this option i suggest people just wait for someone to crack the game and play it pirately."
,Recommended,331600,18040900,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,tosslin,"Great game, absolutley adore it. Glad I got to experience the story again, really brought back some memories. I Highly suggest this game. I also haven't had any of the problems i've read other reviewers write about. Please do consider getting this game, It's so great. (P.S. it runs pretty good on older computers.)"
,Recommended,331600,17760393,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Monkey D. Luffy,A must buy for All One piece Fans It'ssss Amazinggggggggg
76561198140103434,Not Recommended,331600,17819674,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Untactical,"Cannot play it. Everytime I start it, it starts flashing black and messed-up graphics with a messagebox in the middle saying something about saving the game - I can't really tell because after a few seconds it minimises itself. Everytime I try to bring it back up on the screen it does the same thing?Anyone know a fix for this? I can't recommend a game without being able to play it..."
76561198165028117,Recommended,331600,18041928,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,DiStRiO,"I don't know why everyone keeps saying it's ps3 graphics?? I'm playing on the highest settings and with 60fps and it's even better than the ps4 Graphics. Even so if you still think the game has bad graphics, just install the shaders mod:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VFK2wnm8PP8"
76561198002225432,Recommended,331600,18072739,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Tonyajc2,"So, this is my first 'dynasty warriors' game, and my first One Piece game.As a fan on the anime and new to the game genre, I absolutely love this game. It does a great job of making you feel like the insanely strong crew you play as and has some rad animations. There seems to be a lot to unlock as far as coins and stuff are concerned, and it takes a lot for me to want to unlock extras. After beating the main game, and accidently rushing through Dream log, I still want to keep playing. I want to get S rank on everything and unlock all the collectables.You also get to a point where you figure out which attacks are great for building up your Kizuna meter, or which attacks are great for covering areas, etc etc to where you can blast through the stages. And It's still fun! Beating up waves of enemies is satisfying as hell!As a warning to One Piece fans, it does gloss over story to speed it up, and the last chapter is a ""game version"" story of Dressrosa, so I don't think it spoils much.Only thing I didn't like was learning the controls since they didnt use XBOX buttons or anything that made sense in the overlay when it taught you attacks/functions.BUY THIS NOW!"
,Not Recommended,331600,32128828,Posted: 2 June,all,Exalted Pigeon,wonky controls
,Recommended,331600,17981416,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,zomgmeister,"Yeah, it is somewhat buggy. Graphical wise, it lacks texture quality and other bells and whistles, at least for now, until patch if it'll come. I also have some issues with gamepad mapping, but nothing that actually prevents playing normally, just that it'd been better to handle some things differently, as other titles managed perfectly.But the game is extremely FUN. Especially in split-screen hotseat, on high level of difficulty. I played it with girlfriend for the most part, and we enjoyed it all - from story legend to nightmare log.If you are not snubby ""oh these graphics are not perfect, waaah"" or ""oh there are some bugs which are not preventing me neither from playing nor from 100% completion"", and you just want to have fun, fast-paced action game based on the best story ever told (and I've read a *lot* of stories) - just go ahead and buy it now."
76561198067519252,Not Recommended,331600,19097489,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,xuthan,"It's been months since the release of this game and they've yet to patch problems such as the input prompts displaying incorrect images when using the controller (it displays keyboard keys rather than xbox/ps control scheme even if you have a controller plugged in and functioning), and graphical glitches with Logia users. Ok ... so there are some gamepad issues with this game, what about a mouse and keyboard? Nope, it's even worse. There are no mouse controls; you can only play with the keyboard.Koei Tecmo have had a negative history of releasing effortless ports and never fixing/updating them, so there's that to be aware of. Is the game good on its own? It's alright I guess, but it definitely doesn't pass for the asking price. The PC version of this game is abandoned and a cut down port of the PS3.Unless you're a diehard fan of One Piece, don't get this game at full price.- No online - even though the PS3 and PS4 versions have online- Legitimate problems that every user will get, are still not fixedWatch total biscuit's take on Koei Tecmo. Maybe you agree with him, or maybe you disagree with the boycott; it still doesn't change the fact that what he states are real problems.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6pD0S2ux6go"
,Not Recommended,331600,17821773,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Land walrus,If you like One Piece and Dynasty Warriors style gameplay this is for you! However...-DO NOT BUY IT FOR PC-The PC port has no online as well as many many other faults compared to the console versions. Koei Tecmo can suck my balls.
76561198152401396,Not Recommended,331600,19122438,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,anthony',"No use of mouse, Graphics ""Problem"""
,Not Recommended,331600,18372023,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Minikeks,"Oh why even bother?And I mean: ""Why even bother to try a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥port of an otherwise great game?"" (Money. duh)But ... yeah. This game does not look half like anything my Computer could REALLY do. To give you a comparisson: Both Pirate Warriors and Pirate Warriors 2 look better... on the PS3. I'm not to sure about it but I guess the PS3 version of the third installment would still look better. ""Duh. It's a PSVita port."" Maybe but I do not own a PSVita so I can't say anything about it.Now, the graphics wouldn't bother me that much if the game would let me freakin' finish it. But at the first stage of Water7 it just crashes after I beat Franky... the third time. Apparently that's not the only issue with this version of the game.You know what? Get it for a console. PS4, PS3 or PSVita. Any of them will do... just not computer.I mean really: Do not buy this game for the computer without any signs of an official fix/update/patch. Don't give them your money for crap, please.Me and many others made that mistake. Some of us did or will pay again for this game. Only next time it was or is the console version.Thank you for your time and consideration."
76561198120348704,Recommended,331600,22640799,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,richard.mckinney4,"So I really wanted this game for months, but the price was too steep for me.  When it went down temporarily in November, I jumped on the chance to buy it.  Now that I have had a few months to play it, here is what I think.I don't really care for the whole argument about shading, brightness, or any of that.  But there are some drawbacks with the graphics.  First of all, most of the common ""cannon fodder"" enemies have their heads moving away from their bodies.  I mean it is really easy to see that the heads are simply not attached and are weaving away from the bodies.  I thought that was kind of annoying.  To add to this, you will often see their weapons floating right next to them rather than being held.  On the plus side, it kind of makes you feel like you are killing a bunch of Jedi or Sith, just pretend those weapons are being held by the Force.  However, part of these faults can also be found on major characters like Kuro, Aokiji, Usopp, and Ivankov but with these guys the problem is the hair.  With Kuro you may find his hair floating a few inches away from his head, making it seem like he is bald.  After a few moments of laughing it became a little annoying.  As for the others, the dynamics between their head and their hair is annoying in that the hair will often move independently and block your view of the character's faces.  It may not seem like much for some, but I was really aggravated by that.I absolutely adore the gameplay.  It is fun, objectives will change which will keep you on your toes, and the interactions between major characters can be very enjoyable.  Sometimes the objectives will not be that clear, but you can just wing it and figure it out along the way.  The gameplay can be hard at first but if you have too much difficulty, go to Dream Log and level your characters up.  The downside is that eventually as you level your characters up, the gameplay becomes really easy even in the Hard difficulty.  If you ever want a REAL challenge, then try the Nightmare Log.  Now THAT is a challenge.Dream Log I found to be an absolute gem.  It is a great way to unlock characters, level up, and get rare coins to further improve your characters.  And all of the island missions have themes that border on weird to absolutely hilarious.  For example, one mission is Men vs Women.  I was on the side of the men, and who was on my side?  Akainu, Blackbeard, and a bunch of other male pirates with Akainu saying we have to win for Justice.  There was just something about that whole thing that had me cracking up.  Keep in mind that on all of these missions, the characters who appear will be completely randomized.  The only things you can choose are who to play as, which side to select if the option is available, which costume to use, and how to strengthen your character.For the main story, there are two options.  The main one is where you play any arc in the story with a handful of characters that coincide with the arc from the anime/manga.  The other option is the Free Log in which you can play any arc you want but the difference is you can play as any character you have unlocked.  Do you want to storm Impel Down as Akainu or Whitebeard?  In the Free Log you can do that.  Also, each arc has a percentage rating of how well you complete the requirements in said arc.  The more of the requirements that you complete, the better your percentage rating, and as such the better rewards you will get upon completion.  Some of these rewards are rare coins that you cannot get anywhere else that can help to boost your characters' stats, give them a new special, or give them a new costume.  You will find that if you want all of the rewards, or maybe are just a perfectionist, there is a LOT of replay value because the game will reward you if you strive for an S-class rating in everything.  And do not worry, unlike some games you will not be penalized for taking damage, healing yourself, or performing a bunch of specials.  You are evaluated on other criteria that I will not divulge.The tutorial I found to be very disappointing.  While they try to be helpful, they are often unclear and when they tell you which keys will do what, they use symbols instead of the actual keys to tell you.  For example, they use one symbol that looks like a pink shooting star and tell you what it will do.  Problem is, I don't know about you but I do not have a pink shooting star on my computer.  So you have to go into the options menu to figure things out on what symbols stand for what keys.  It is annoying but after awhile it becomes second nature and you can pull of pretty cool moves really easily.  The lack of clarity is also clear for several optional events in the game, so you will probably find yourself going online to help get some clarity as to what needs to be done and how.There are a lot of characters to choose from, and I love this.  I love having options and you will more than likely find a few of your favorites are available to play.  However, you will also find a bunch of characters you cannot play and yet are still in the game as allies or enemies.  Fortunately, that does not stop you from being able to perform cool specials with them.  Unlike a bunch of other games, you will find that each character is unique.  They do not do the same punch, kick, grapple thing that you will find every character doing in some games.  Each character has their own unique actions and abilities that makes each play through feel completely new and special.  Now there is one playable character that I will list as both a pro and a con (Unnamed because it's a spoiler).  The con is that they have not appeared to fight in the series yet, so we know very little of what they can do.  As such, I feel like the developers jumped into this character too soon.  The pro though is that they are an absolute blast to play.  Their specials are also awesome and coincidentally have the coolest names.As for DLC, it is for some but not for others.  I bought the two packs on Steam for extra Dream Log missions and costumes and I adore them.  I will be honest though, I care more for the costumes than the missions and trust me, I love the costumes.  There is an extra set of costumes not on Steam but you can just go to the Bandai Namco site, become a member for free, and you can download the extra set for free.  Also, other than just adding some very nice aesthetics, the costumes themselves also offer new abilities.  Equip your character with their New World costume, and they will have access to their New World abilities.  Keep in mind though, even if you have those new abilities, if your character is not at a high enough level then you will still struggle on even the easier missions.So in conclusion here is what I think:Cons:- Graphics need improving.  They look nice but there is a serious problem when it interferes with the characters.- Gamplay does get a bit repetitive after a while-Even on hard, can still be a little too easy.- Tutorial is terrible- Some of the optional mission events, like Treasure Events are not clear so you will have to go online to figure them out.-  The game finished before the Dressrosa Arc was finished in the manga, as such the game and the manga will differ on the arc.Pros:- Very fun gameplay- The game gives some very good incentives to getting 100% or S-Class on missions and Dream Log.  As such, a lot of replay value.- Large selection of characters.  You will almost be guaranteed to find one of your favorites to be playable.- Costumes, while adding a great deal to aesthetics, also affect gamplay.  New World Costumes grant that character the ability to use their New World abilities.While there are a lot of cons, if you can get past these then I highly recommend that you buy the game.  It is truly a blast.  While I do believe it is worth the current price of $49.99, I would still recommend waiting for it to go down."
,Recommended,331600,21633245,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,khrizart,"Nostalgia trip, bes way to re-cap all the story..."
76561198079496207,Recommended,331600,22622264,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Traguy,"Awesome! its quite simply awesome. good amount of characters to choose from, tons of missions for free play and story, 2 player and i love the leveling system. slightly repetitive just like every other dynasty warriors beat em up. But if your a dynasty warriors fan or a one piece fan its a must buy. 9/10"
76561198202993125,Recommended,331600,22780443,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,eldeltaigel,"Graphics: 7/10Sound: 9/10Gameplay: 8/10Player Investment: 9/10Overall: 8/10It maybe needs some updates and changes, but is a good game. If you are a fan of One Piece this is a wonderful and enjoyable option."
76561197979623083,Not Recommended,331600,18330251,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Bofrostmann,"I Pre- ordered this game right when it was announced for the PC. One big mistake.It wont recognize neither my wireless X360- Controller, nor my PS3 Controller with X360 emulation.No fun playing with keyboard + mouse in my opinion.Can't recommend this game for any PC- Gamer till now, I hope they'll get it fixed.."
,Not Recommended,331600,19324644,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,fuchilen,my game keeps crashing.... the end
,Not Recommended,331600,18176786,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Bit,>Graphics/Render distance worst than PS4>Logia textures broken>One month in and no updates>No onlineJust get the PS4 verison
,Recommended,331600,18542850,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Sabo,If you're a big fan of One Piece don't hesitate to buy it.
76561198003619659,Not Recommended,331600,17794949,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Huat,Not recomended if you want a good game. If you looking for One Piece game then go ahead.Even the gamepad support are bad.
,Not Recommended,331600,18625187,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Skerdum,Just finished this game and it was good the only thing that kept bothering me was the fact that the game started crashing down on me and the game texture was low. maybe if they update the game then it would be more fun
76561198046243834,Recommended,331600,18005401,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Unity,"I keep seeing all this hate for this game, and I don't get it. I have had zero bugs/glitches at all. I am a huge one piece fan and I assume anyone interested in this game is one too. That being said, I love this game. I have been dying to play my favorite characters from the show ever since I got into it. This game finally gives me the chance.The  gameplay is fun and I love how the characters develop new powers as you progress, just like the show. The graphics are fine. I mean they are on par with alot of other games I have played in the recent past. Are they the best graphics ever? No. Do I care? No. I don't get peoples issue with the graphics, because they are great if you aren't a nitpicker. The gameplay and controls are great, I am using a xbox controller though... Huge selection of characters, outfits, and skills for each character. This game is very in depth and follows the story amazingly.My one issue with this game would be that it does get repetitive. I honestly don't care that much because I see this as a game to kill a couple hours(especially after being pumped from watching the show). This isn't a game you play for 10 hours 5 days in a row(I guess you could). I haven't finished the game but I see it as a game with tons of replay value since you can play tons of characters and unlock skills etc... It's almost like super smash bros. in the sense of replayability.I do wish online was available but meh, Ill just play with friends in person and only one of us has to buy the game..."
,Recommended,331600,23497297,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Fight4 D. Ay,"This is simply a totally awesome game. While the graphics may be better on consoles, the framerate is much more stable on PC. The gameplay is fun in my opinion and you can play this game for a looong time, if you want to. But the best part in my opinion is getting 100%. While in other games it may be hard and frustrating, OPPW3 isn't. When you play the story getting 100% on each mission is the most fun task, but even after that it's basically just grinding. If you still have fun while doing so, like me, you really should buy it, especially if you like One Piece. But even if you don't like grinding, you can still get ~70-90%. Top game I r8 8/8 m8."
,Recommended,331600,17819616,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,DeeeFoo,"I'm only giving a thumbs up to this game because I know the game is good, and I would definitely recommend it, which is what the thumbs up means. HOWEVER, I recommend getting it on another platform. While the port doesn't have any glaring issues at first glance, there's plenty of technical issues that start to pop up.First, the visuals. While the inferior graphics don't bother me personally, they falsely advertised the game on the store page by posting screenshots with PS4-level graphics, and false advertisement is always a no-no. Also, knowing KT, they probably purposely made the PC version this way so that the PS4 version will look better, since that's their main moneymaker, which is pretty sad but true. The colors are dull and washed out, the rendering distance is quite poor since you can't see the buildings in the background, and the shadows, textures, and lighting are all PS3 quality. If you're fine with that, then go for it. Mods can improve the colors and sharpness, but the lighting and textures will be unaffected.Then there's the controller issues. The game didn't recognize my controller right away, since apparently I had to switch it to Dinput mode to get it to work. Even then, not all of the buttons were remappable on the options menu. Even DW8XL had better controller options. I had to resort to using joytokey in order to get some of the buttons to emulate the console layout. Only official Xbox 360 controllers are supported in this game, as stated by Bandai. However, if you have a controller that can act as a 360 controller or can be recognized as one, then it should work. There's absolutely no mouse support in this game, and the keyboard controls are far from ideal, so you're basically forced to use a controller to enjoy the game fully.Then there's the bugs that are present. Apparently there's a graphical options bug that makes the game stuck at the lowest settings, so you can't even change it. Bandai's looking into it right now. Then there are plenty of other bugs, such as black screens, crashes, microstuttering because it's 59fps, and in-game graphical bugs. One of the most noticeable is that some characters' models start flipping out whenever devil fruit powers are used, particularly Logias. Body parts go missing, clothes disappear, and some body parts don't transform when they're supposed to. There's also sometimes a random plane of light protruding out of the character's bodies, and it sometimes is so big that it obstructs the whole screen. Bandai, you need to fix this stuff before I consider re-purchasing the game.Personally, I refunded the game because of all the in-game issues I encountered, and am waiting for a fix. Until then, I cannot recommend this game for the PC platform, but please don't think it's a bad game. It's a great entry to the Musou series, and it's even better for One Piece fans, and I totally suggest that all Musou/One Piece/hack'n'slash fans try it out. Just not on PC. Cheers"
76561198169512690,Not Recommended,331600,19933472,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,TheInspiredone,"Firstly ill say i LOVE the One Piece anime and personally feel like im part of the crew lolthe characters and their personality's are amazing.the 3 main reasons i would not recomend this game and reasons i am gutted that i made the purchase are as follows...1, Local coop doesnt seem to work, 1stly it is a nightmare getting both controllers set up and secondly the shadows from the top screen seem to be mirrored onto the bottom screen, and they are OPAQUE, mking it impossible for the second player to see, let alone play.seriously i have searched and cant find a fix, that upsets me as i was MASSIVLEY looking forward to geeking out with my brother.2, as a port, it looks like a blown up version of a 3ds game with no AA and seemingly not even HD, i love the asthetic ( although i think the naruto stlye is better for games ) but it seems low res without forcing AA through my GPU.3, it is a dynasty game, i liked the first few of them but like a thousand games in now and clearly nobody is innovating in this genre, if you like them kids of games then the gameplay is for you.PLEASE let me know if you find a fix for my local coop problem !"
,Not Recommended,331600,18023690,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Blasphemous,"This game, while looking decent, has HORRIBLE controller functionality.  You can change what keyboard keys do what, but you can't with a controller.  When I use L1, I like my camera to turn left, not right, and while there's an invert x/y axis option, it is ONLY for the keyboard.  So, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ controls, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game.  0/10"
76561197961270991,Recommended,331600,23557304,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Elkantarr,"Well, first off I need to say I am not that much of a fan of the dynasty warriors franchise. Since this game is based on exactly that gameplay, I was kinda curious about this one. But then again, since I am a great fan of One Piece, I had to give it a shot.Here is what I think:There couldn't be a better gameplay style for the one piece universe than the dynasty warrior games. Lots of enemies to beat up in the original one piece style (thats why this game style suits one piece perfectly!)Besides than that,- a gorgeous way to retell and therefore relive the story- lots of characters to play- an addictive soundtrack ... I actually use the music gallery with pleasure here, since the soundtrack resembles the original one piece soundtrack a lot- as addictive as this game might be, it is also perfect for a short break, if you don't want the typical multihour gameplay sessionsConclusion:If you are a fan of the One Piece Anime -> you'll love itIf you are a fan of Dynasty Warriors likes -> you'll love itIf you are neither of both -> you'll love it (should you not love it by any chance - watch the anime and you'll love it)Cheers"
76561197978846295,Recommended,331600,23568764,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,BoxHands,"I am a DW (Dynasty Warriors) fan and use to follow One piece (up to the pointFranky joined the crew). I picked this up as a means to check up on the series and see what was going on whilst having a bit of Dynasty hack and slash fun at the same time.Simply put, if you like DW games and like one piece this is for you.The 2 major complaints that I see about the game are;1)It uses the “inferior” ps3 visuals and not the ps4sThis does not bother me as I am more interested in playing it rather than it looking as shiny as possible, but in all fairness, it looks good visually anyway due to the anime art style.2)The controller problemsThis is a big problem for some so be aware! What a lot of people do not realise is that this was a PlayStation exclusive game. It appeared on the vita, ps3, ps4 and now PC, so the 360/XB1 controllers are not native and have some problems. These include not recognising the Right control stick as an input in the custom controls menu and sometimes making the camera rotate in circles for some (due to over sensitivity I presume). Its button interface is literally keyboard inputs regardless of the controller attached and I got a bit worried when people said you need to use the keyboard for some situations. THIS I CAN THANKFULLY SAY IS NONCENCE if you are using a PS4 controller at least. I am using windows 7 and a ps4 controller and although the button prompts are QWERTY inputs, the common sense controller equivalent works fine (e.g. “O” when it says “esc” or “X” when it says “return”).The round up;I enjoy it so far and will update the review if I come across anything that contradicts what I have said.TO BECONTINUED"
76561198063588551,Recommended,331600,17869079,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,beastlymess,my life!
,Recommended,331600,17793046,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Soldy,can u fix the settings please nacmbo!!
,Recommended,331600,17861408,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,FlamingSkyDragon,first one piece game i ever played and only made me love the anime more
76561198173715425,Recommended,331600,17868984,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,King Nothing,alright
76561198084100594,Recommended,331600,17870802,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Cody,"Before I get into it, I must say that I am a One Piece fanboy and as such, it took me no time at all to want to buy this game. The game is fun and actually has enough going on to keep you playing however, the port to PC seems like they didn't even try. Ignoring that the company actually said the PC graphics are actually worse than the PS4(graphics don't make or break games for me), the controls are BAD, like really bad. It's not keyboard and mouse, it's all keyboard. Even using an Xbox 360 controller is painful. It wouldn't be so bad if I could actually remap the controls but everytime I do and stop playing, they are reverted back to default when I log back in. I even tried an outside program for my control but that didn't work either. Would I reccomend the game? Yes but on the condition that you could put up with clearly worse graphics and terrible controls. It's sad because the game is actually quite fun (IF you can get past the controls...I'm honestly trying...I wanna play.)"
,Recommended,331600,17864651,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,PJ,"This is my first time to buy and play this game One Piece. First the graphics are good if you have a good PC/Laptop. Second the gameplay was kind of repititive throughout the game but it was fun to use their skills especially to those who don't know the skills of Shanks, i hope he has the skills like that in real OP or more than that because it wasn't show yet in all episodes. Buy this game if you are fan of One piece or if you want to know the story of each every Arc in the episode. Enjoy and Have fun!"
,Recommended,331600,17779893,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Retro,this game is a blessing
,Not Recommended,331600,23623669,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Yarsig,"What can I say? The game is fun if you can get past the crashing. It seems you have a 50/50 chance that if you buy it, it'll never crash. Unfortunately for me, it started happening when I got to Chapter 2 and hasn't stopped since. It wouldn't be so bad if you could save in the middle of a mission. (which you can, but the save doesn't carry over if you actually CLOSE out of the game. AKA, crashing) It's a real bummer, cause I've got around 9 hours into it and that means, no refunding. $12 is a steal honestly, but I still wouldn't waste my money on it if I had a second chance. I'm going to continue to try and find a way to fix the crashing.Lowering graphics settings didn't help, nor updating drivers, running in admin mode, or compatibility mode."
,Recommended,331600,17870066,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,may,"If you're a fan of one piece get this game. The keyboard controls arent as bad as people make them out to be. I'm having a blast playing this game, i would reccomend it."
76561198055212480,Recommended,331600,17842904,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Purifier,"If you love one piece and dynasty warrior type of games, this game is for you. It has 3 game modes. Legend log, It tells the one piece story using the main characters. Free log, It tells the story but able to use any characters. And finally the dream log where there are various islands you have to beat and where you get some of your characters(also where you will spend most of your time). The level system in this game is interesting. You use coins you get from beating the strong enemies in this game like, arlong, lucci, etc. Then there are gold coins which are rare, you get them from 100% legend diaries, which is from legend log, also you can get them from the dream log. You can use these gold coins to level break your character and level your character stats to the max. The only down side to this game is the port has ps3 graphics (which imo doesnt really matter) and no online which is a little annoying but its fine.Rating : 9/10"
,Recommended,331600,23315855,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,「✪ Just İhsan ✪」,"Do you love one piece? So you will gonna love this game too!!Watch all one piece again but this time you are the hero!Lots of available characters,Characters that all we love,Same Story with Manga/anime,Stick to story but also Free gameplay,Some people say it's repetitive but never listen them, it could be repetitive if you want the get all achievement and if you can't able do legend quest in your first try. If you are not a good player but still want to get all achievement, all games will be repetitive for you!Only problem with this game is: There is no co-op/multiplayer choice, even the game is meant for it, gameplaying is perfect for multiplayer!!!Buy the game if you love one piece! Totally worth it"
76561198107197514,Recommended,331600,25317503,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,<|DJ|>SweggerMegut,"0/10 Ussop's nose dosen't bendwhile this doesnt personally affect me, it will permenantly scar the One Piece community in how this game is so ubrealistik. For example Ussop's knose bends in da show but no bend in da game wats up wit dat???///buy burnin broodz itz 10/10 cuz Ussop's nose bends and nami's underbewb."
76561198161642860,Recommended,331600,22784929,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,事 Ｌ Ｅ Ｏ 故,Good game
,Recommended,331600,18080906,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,myusedtampon,"if you are a one piece fan and wouldn't mind going through with the storyline once more in the game, this will be enjoyable for you. Basically this game is just a walkthrough of the whole one piece saga, with the introduction of you using the characters to beat the hell out of those bad guys in the series.Pros: 1: you get to collect all these pretty coins that will further improve the playable characters, it can be quite difficult to collect some. 2: you get to see luffy and shanks fight each other,ain't something to get to see so soon in the anime/mangaCons: R.i.p keyboard if you do not have a gamepad while playing this game. The amount of keys usage is so high, you wish the keyboard you have has a life-time warranty so you can exchange for a new one every now and then. Also, Xbox controller doesn't really seem to be working because some of the skills can't be used. I am using the Xbox controller (was playing dragonball xenoverse) and there isn't any buttons for me to use the team ultimate skills.7/10, overall it is a pretty decent game"
76561198051006593,Not Recommended,331600,24589738,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Sarnlest,"So I bought the game thinking I could play through the OP story line as its been over 10 years since I started watching, and I have forgotten parts.Pros:They appear to be going through every arc of the story line.Because OP is so long, this inevitably means they end up with a good number of playable characters.Cons:The game is very buggy.  I had to reinstall once just to get past the first loading screen.  The game encounters a fatal error if you are in the menu or are not active for too long.For whatever reason, I can't adjust the volume on my computer when the game is open.  Neither the keyboard FN keys nor the physical buttons on my laptop will change the volume when the game is open... Just a little wierd and annoying.Controls are terrible, even on a controller.  You can't even play with just a controller because things like skip scene are exclusively on the keyboard.  Oh, and I can't find any sort of pause button, I have pressed every button on my keyboard and every button on the controller, nothing pauses.More importantly: The game is ridiculously easy, and ridiculously repetititve.  I can't tell the difference between normal and hard mode, it is too easy.  I have been at low health maybe once, and then I just ran to grab an item from one of the many chests and boom back at full hp to resume fighting.  The bosses have a lot of HP and defense, but they really pose no threat whatsoever, it is just a matter of chasing them down and clicking the same buttons to kill them.  There are ridiculous number of fodder enemies that really don't do much more than get in your way (I don't notice my hp changing when they attack).  So after button mashing your way through 2000+ enemies and pathetic bosses you finish the mission, you are done with it right? Wrong.  You see each boss enemy drops coins when you kill them, and you need specific numbers of specific coins to increase specific stats of each playable character.  Therefore you have to replay the mission several times to get enough coins to get your character strong enough to be able to use a different boss's coin to level (rinse and repeat forever).  So now you have enough coins and are done with the mission? Wrong.  You also need to fill up a ""legend"" for each mission which involves getting an S rank and fulfilling certain objectivies, which sounds fine until you read the objectives and how to get an S rank.  Certain legends have objectives requiring replay with multiple characters (YAY! I get to play the same mission again).  All missions are ranked on the number of ""!"", kills, and your time to complete.  What are ""!"" you ask?  Good question, that isn't explained at all in the game.  When you defeat an opponent with an attack from an ally that you activate at the end of one of your normal attack chains, you get 1 ! point.  Problem is that when you are stronger (or even if you are not), you one hit kill the fodder with your normal attack chain so there is nothing left for your ally to attack.  The solution is to be far away and use a melee attack chain combined with a ranged ally finishing move.  Usually there is only one or two such good combos per character, so you end up spamming the same attack combo trying to 1000+ kill enemies with only the last attack.  Okay now you have an S rank.  Are you done? Of course not!  Each character has a couple of additional power ups you can get by achieving certain objectives or playing certain missions with them.  For example, almost every Straw Hat Pirate gets a power up when you complete the CP9 mission with them, so you are going to be playing that mission again and again.TL;DR: Game is super repetitive, you need to play the same missions many times, and the game itself is laughably easy."
,Not Recommended,331600,23890011,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,213372bu,"Musou fans will be dissappointed, One Piece fans might only be slightly.--Has a lot of cool events and costumes from the series, which is pretty cool.The game's mechanics, though, are by far the worst of any other musou game. That's right, even including the prequels in this series.""Unlocks"" are weak,  enjoy 2D renders of down-rezzed 3D models as a reward for playing through with a character for 10+ stages.The game is a PS3 port, and overall it shows.While this game is really only good to play with a controller, there is no native support for button prompts.Overall this game is lackluster. Even the Musou One Piece game on Vita has better IQ and deeper mechanics than this game.Wouldn't buy even on a sale, though hardcorest of hardcore One Piece fans might."
76561198048320936,Recommended,331600,28286113,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,The UnknØwn,Its fun in the beginning but its getting boring and boring .But i will still recommend it to those who are one piece fans.
,Recommended,331600,17865656,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Fox,If you're a fan of One Piece.Just buy it then you will not disappointed.NICE GAME!
76561198065016267,Not Recommended,331600,32976205,Posted: 28 June,all,Goemon,"If you use a controller STAY AWAY. LT and RT are set to move camera left and right and cannot be reconfigured. Right stick does nothing and only the four face buttons, LB, RB, start, and select can be configured, which is a problem when the game requires at least 10 buttons to play properly.If you only use a keyboard go ahead and buy, but if you use a controller like this game was made for, STAY AWAY."
76561197976549263,Recommended,331600,17823813,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Melchior,"This is a great one piece game. Goes through the story and you get quite alot of playable characters. The combat is smooth and relatively easy to understand after 2-3 battles. The game runs well and I haven't encountered any crashes or graphical bugs.The only complaint I have is you better remember what your controls are set to, because you can't pause during a fight and check the options to see what button does what. They have an area that lists the combos by showing you icons, but you have no idea what key corresponds to what icon unless you remember from the main menu. This is aggravating at the start of the game when you don't know what you're doing but quickly becomes a non-issue.Overall, for the average player that enjoys dynasty warrior-esque fighting games, I recommend this game. If you like one piece or are interested in it, then I highly recommend it for you."
76561198077134316,Recommended,331600,18045413,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Mr Snow,A game for the fans.  If you aren't into One Piece I doubt this game will change your mind.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wsbKya1dn70
,Recommended,331600,17845505,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,#dHyne,ONE PIECE SUGOOOIII
,Recommended,331600,17848153,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Simbiat,"I'm not One Piece fan and I doubt I will be playing this game further, but if you want a game with anime style, where you beat thousdands of mobs in order to relax... This may be it."
,Recommended,331600,17856091,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,.earl,dope game
76561198018292121,Recommended,331600,17857537,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,DarkRIZEN,"Punch things, punch more things, punch even more things. BEING ACE!!!!!!!!! Fire/10"
,Recommended,331600,18231151,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Superkick,This game is hard boiled af
76561198153354955,Recommended,331600,17818195,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Saiyan007,"I am a die hard One Piece fan. I mean...it's possibly my favorite anime. When I heard there was a game coming out, I was SUPER excited. I'm pleased to say it didn't disappoint me.True the port and graphics aren't the best, but keep in mind that I'm from the PS2 generation....this is pretty good all things considered! Besides, if you're a One Piece fan like I am, then this game is well worth getting either way. The characters are a blast of nostalgia and the story missions are unique and require some thought and planning as well as button mashing.If you're a gamer who can't overlook minor bugs and graphical problems, then you should steer clear of this game, because you're just not going to get into it. But for One Piece fans like me, DEFINITELY invest in this game! It's well worth it."
,Recommended,331600,18465992,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,High Impact Sexual Misconduct,6/10 no 4kids theme
,Recommended,331600,17808770,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Neirad,"One Piece Pirate Warriors is a great game.. for One Piece fans.. who have finished the series. It's a very repetetive dynasty warrior like game. The graphics are okay and it loads fast on a decent PC.The good : The Character development and Battle Animations are pretty good. The story is nearly as expansive as the actual One Piece Story. Same voice actors from the show and the character animation is very well done ( I wish the Anime was done as well as the animation in this game)The bad: It skips over minor characters in certain arcs ( I don't blame them this game would be VERY long if they really put everything in) The play style is VERY repetitive, doesn't really offer much new from level to level so if you're not a Fan of one piece and the story you're probably going to get bored very easily. That being said I think this game is really just for One Piece fans, and even then I think that you'd really have to love One Piece to Love this game.I honestly just wish the pacing of the story was a bit better, it was hard for me to get invested in the ARCS because they skip over random details , so emersion is low.Overall a good game, the actual game play is average but I highly recommend it to diehard One Piece fans."
,Recommended,331600,18271139,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Sodagod,"Love it. I love One Piece, I love Dynasty Warriors. This is the greatest combination ever."
,Not Recommended,331600,19304174,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,®tard,"bought on pc for local co op, which doesnt work."
,Not Recommended,331600,23677324,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Nicholas D Wolfwood,"Crashes every other mission, and not full controller support. For my XBOX 360 controller I have to use space and enter to skip cut scenes since it isn't mapped and you can't map it. Wouldn't be a problem as well but the crashing happens during or over half way through a mission cause untold irritation.Otherwise it is a good game, I am not a One Piece hardcore fan very lean towards the show. However it was interesting to follow the archs. If you like Dynasty Warriors this game is the same thing, it will keep you entertained with the story on top of it. If you are a One Piece and Dynasty Warriors fan then this game is a godsend for you.Unfortunately the port is another fail, with people not fully completing the PC port before release to the PC.With that in mind I can't suggest the steam version of the game."
,Recommended,331600,18015553,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Sundsson,"Heaven(for me)This is a game for the fanbase one could say.Love it as much as i love One Piece, it allows you choose between a large array of characters then you can replay the story in your pace and style. You level up your characters and collect money to buy various items in the game.However this game is essentially doing the same quest over and over again but i don't because i can play as my favorite characters from the show, the combat is somewhat diverse with moves and combos you can perform. It is really cool and i love it.This game is fanservice for the fanbase and just another cool game to anyone else."
,Recommended,331600,17949223,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,TheDanaAddams,"Frankly, there are two questions you need to ask yourself about this game:Do you like One Piece? Do you like Warriors games?If you answered yes to both of these questions, you will not be disappointed.If you answered no to both, well, give this one a miss.If you answered yes to one, or ""I don't know"" - there are a few things to know.Pirate Warriors 3 follows the Warriors tradition of expanding upon existing games - you do not need Pirate Warriors 1 or 2, as Pirate Warriors 3 will cover the story from the beginning.The story, of course, is the storyline of the One Piece series - if you have read the manga or watched the anime you will be at an advantage in some instances, as the battles you undertake are indeed based on the series' events, and prior knowledge can help you know who your character should be targeting for certain bonuses. Essentially, you tend to be rewarded for following the events of the series ""correctly.""It must be noted, of course, that the story presented in the game is abridged - if you want to experience the One Piece story in its entirety, you should opt for the anime or manga.As for how it stacks up as a Warriors game, it's the standard formula with some tweaks - as is standard for Warriors spin-offs.This time, we have the basic standard/strong attack combos, Musou-style specials, camera-targeting, a dodge-dash, an unorthodox ""unique attack""on a separate button - seems to be a ranged attack, and the 'big' feature of Pirate Warriors, the crew system. Crew members will join up with your character and charge a meter not unlike the rage gauge or similar  in previous Warriors games, when full you can activate the crew assist, which functions much the same as the rage state did - boosting your abilities in various ways, while also bringing the crew member in to fight beside you. While active, you can also use a powered up Musou special attack, teaming up with your crewmate. This gets stronger as you play, as after using this crew assist, you will form a team with that crewmate, at which point you can switch your crew assist member, and build the gauge anew - which is where it gets interesting! With the new crew member, building the gauge again and executing the crew assist will form a team with THAT member - the previous member will stay part of your team, and thus your crew assist grows in strength, with both joining in for the Crew Musou special attack. You can have a team of up to four for your crew assist - the sheer devastation caused by a team of this size is really something to behold.If you like the spectacle of wiping out large crowds in your Warriors games, you will have a lot of fun with this!There is definitely less focus on capturing terrirory compared to other Warriors games - most of the time, capturing a territory removes it from play, stopping enemy spawns but not providing any benefits to your own forces. This fits with the theme, obviously, since the Pirates are a small band of rogue agents only sometimes assisting other forces.If you've never played a Warriors game and aren't a One Piece fan, I would suggest cutting your teeth elsewhere, but as it stands, this is a really solid Warriors installment! Lots to do, lots to unlock, definitely a title to keep you invested for a long time!Highly recommended for the right audience!"
,Recommended,331600,18053130,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Deku -J- BrawlofAges,"Never tried PW1 or PW2 but OH MY GOD, PW3 is amazing as f**k. I love the character selection screen and the customization options like choosing skills that help you by increasing your defense, attack or charge your special faster. Decent character choices, almost all important characters that appeared in one piece are up for selection. Lots of combos and skill moves and quite an interesting concept following Dynasty warriors. After completing story mode, there are still quite a number of options so the game doesn't get boring. You can unlock new characters through exploring by playing the other game modes and you can also collect gold coins to breakthrough your character's level from a level cap of 50 to a level cap of 100. The graphics are also nice and this game surprisingly with all the good graphics doesn't take up much computer power. If you can run CS:GO, L4D2 or Rocket League you can certainly run this game. I recommend this game to all one piece fans, anime fans or just Dynasty Warriors fan. PLEASE TRY IT, ITS AWESOME."
,Recommended,331600,31015409,Posted: 8 April,all,Bicmeister.,"Das Spiel ist in Ordnung , aber leider gibt es keinen Multiplayer..."
76561198268378602,Recommended,331600,22406113,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,erickTHEcreator,"This game is amazing i love it, it was definatly worth the money"
76561198079511287,Recommended,331600,22769686,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,wargar,"I first wanna say about the dynasty warrior type game ,that its good quality, last i want to say it not a bad port."
,Recommended,331600,22718240,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Dino ✖,"I want this from long time ago , i love one piece story so i love the game as well  ...... But highly recommend use a controller to play it, damn difficult to play it by using keyboard keys ,Loll xD"
76561198194672499,Recommended,331600,22771134,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Im Taking Grade 11 Physics,The cut scences are even better than the anime the only problem I have with it is the controls other then that Its a great game!
,Recommended,331600,22270352,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Ghost Toast,"Had to play around with the controller mapping since this game relies heavily on keyboard. Kinda tricky at first but I found something I was comfortable with. Gameplay-wise, I love it especially for being a One Piece fan :)"
76561198055932436,Recommended,331600,18014255,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,you're mum gay,turned Whitebeard's head into a bomb 11/10 would play bomberman again
,Recommended,331600,18053374,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,☂,Great game. Absolutely worth the price.High Game Settings with a stable 60 FPS.Expecting One Piece Pirate Warriors 4 5 6 7 8....100....∞
,Not Recommended,331600,24157302,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Lignum,Unplayable with an xbox one controller as it is difficult to determine which buttons do what even in the keymapping. It is not intuitive at all. On top of the the camera keeps spinning and spinning as I've read others have had the same issue. I would stick to a console version of the game if you must play. Wow. I just realized I recommended a console over PC for the first time.
,Recommended,331600,18067637,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,RegiS,Very Good Game
76561198279728409,Not Recommended,331600,23901216,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,76561198279728409,Why i an proceed to the game i was always looping :(
,Recommended,331600,22983786,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Lumadurin,"One of the best Warriors games out there at the time of this review, alongside the likes of Dynasty Warriors 8XL, Dynasty Warriors Gundam 3 and Hyrule Warriors.Boasts a wide variety of movesets, totalling at around ~50, all of which are very unique (thanks in part to the wide array of abilities in the franchise) except for 9 of them, which are ""post-timeskip"" versions of the main characters (so technically they are ""power ups"", but gameplay-wise they're distant variations - pretty different, but the similarities are there).Translation is somewhat shoddy though, with character speech sounding stilted and unatural in places, as well as being  incorrect in others (Okama is translated as ""Oh Come My"" for example). But the stellar voice work of the original Japanese VA's remains intact.Not much else to talk about really. If you like Warriors games and like or don't mind One Piece, it's a must-buy."
76561198016547717,Recommended,331600,33185332,Posted: 3 July,all,Funky,11/9 would play this game
,Not Recommended,331600,22052839,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,rhau,"I'll say it. I'm an avid fan of One Piece. I've been reading it for years. However, when it comes to this game, I can't bring myself to like it. Yes the gameplay is pretty OK; however, this is just an awful port. The graphics are complete trash; the fact that you can't use a mouse is trash; the fact that the camera settings are awful is trash. Overall, this game is trash. Don't spend your money on this game."
,Recommended,331600,23606629,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Doonies,"YO! ya-yo, ya-yoDreamin', don't give it up LuffyDreamin', don't give it up ZoloDreamin', don't give it up NamiDreamin', don't give it give it up give it up give it up give it up give it NO!Here's how the story goes we find outAbout a Treasure in the Grand LineTheres no doubt, The pirate whose eye is on itHe'll sing I'll be King of the PiratesI'm gonna be kingYa-yo, ya-yo, ya-yo, ho-hoHis name is LuffyThat's Monkey D. LuffyGonna be king of the pirates!He's made of rubber - (female singers) how did that happen?Yo-ho-ho he took a bite of Gum GumYa-yo, ya-yoHis name's Zolo, He's just like a samuraiAnd a L-A-D-Y Nami's not shyThe pirate crew coming through, doin' their thing,With the king of the pirates, he's gonna be king!Ya-yo, ya-yo, ya-yo, hoo-hooSet sail for One Piece, it's the name of the treasure in the Grand Line!Ya-yo, ya-yoSet sail for One Piece!"
76561198116312217,Recommended,331600,31816142,Posted: 17 May,all,My base is gone,9/10
,Recommended,331600,17798000,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,PowaBuns,Great game for people who love One Piece. It's also a great refresher for those who are caught up with the story.
76561198163244536,Recommended,331600,19947200,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Access,"Awesome game. Story is retold in a very grest way. One Piece fans will love it.Only negative about this game are the controls.But I will help you out with that...Default Keyboard controls:J - Attack 1 (blue fist symbol)I - Attack 2 (yellow fist symbol)O - Attack 3 (pink star symbol)K - Dodge/Run (green shoe symbol)L - Special attack (pink fist with star)P - toogle Kizuna Rush (handshake symbol)T/F/G/H - Turn Camera, LSHIFT - Reset CameraIn my opinion it is easy to get used to the controls."
,Recommended,331600,20105684,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Papa Lunkas,Played as hancockImmediatly got to see that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Blackbeard get turned to stone in a ballerina pose.Still not as hard as i am right now tbh10/10 would bang
76561198021237994,Recommended,331600,17805750,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Porco,"Hey just wanted to say that the complaints about the graphics not beeing as shown in the screenshots are unwarranted. The game looks just like shown in the pictures. You can adjust resolution and texture quality in the menu, people who are posting comparison pictures might have overseen this -,-"
,Recommended,331600,18085738,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Old Veteran,suuuupeerrr game.. for those who want to feel the mix feeling of dinasty warrior and one piece .. so simple and full of action
76561198207049449,Recommended,331600,17829529,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,ORACLE,This game is actually very nice and fun of its features but looks less good. we can be seen from the zoom as hair separate floating arms and body floated. please fix this bugand dont play with your keyboard !
76561198025663491,Recommended,331600,17885130,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Meowcolm X,"Best one piece game to date. If you like One Piece and/or Dynasty Warriors-style games (Dynasty Warriors Gundam, Hyrule Warriors, Fist of the North Star, etc.) then you'll definitely enjoy this one, too"
76561198100246870,Recommended,331600,17888115,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Mufftin,"a very awesome game , having a blast just playing it ."
76561198078042313,Recommended,331600,17903318,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Nathandor,I like this game but i cant get the local co op to work please help! I keep pressing F9 but it wont work and I have a controller and everything
76561198075038802,Recommended,331600,17909766,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Wazzaamon (Hiryu),"Well, what can I say... At first, I was on the fence of preordering this game (I wasn't really cause steam refunds for life lol), but I did, one day before release. I was expecting♥♥♥♥♥♥ because let's face it, it's Tecmo Koei, but I was pleasantly surprised, it runs smoothly on my gtx 970 and I haven't encountered any game breaking bugs (I've played through the Legend Log). The gameplay is awesome, it's smooth and it's fun. In Pirate Warriors 3 they introduced a new mechanic called Kizuna, replacing the system they had in Pirate Warriors 2 that had strength and technique characters. It's a cool feature and let's you pull off sick looking specials. We've heard some rumors that the PC version is ported from the ps3 version which I don't know enough about to speak on it, but graphics isn't the most important thing for a game right? Now let's talk about some downsides. The game doesn't have online co-op, which the peasant versions of this game have, and that I'm salty about. I hope they add it later and that it doesn't end up like DOA 5. They game NEEDS a controller, cause you rotate the camera with the F and G key, which makes the game almost unplayable. So if you don't have a ps3 or PS4 controller and you really wanna play this game, go get one. These are the only downsides I can find really, so this is a great game. I thinkl this is a stepping stone for Tecmo Koei to get back in to pc porting. Give us the online co-op, fix the graphics thing and then you guys got a good chance of making up for all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pc ports that you've ported. DON'T ♥♥♥♥ IT UP. Nevertheless, if you have a PS4, get it on there, it has the online co op and it runs at 1080p/60 fps which is cool. I also need to mention that the resolution doesn't go further than 1920/1080, which is fine for me cause I game at that resolution. This is a fun game, and if you love One Piece as much as I do and have a controller, go get this game! Verdict (With controller) 8/10."
,Recommended,331600,17935529,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Giuesppe,"I love One Piece, I love Pirates. I wanted to play a Pirate Game, I wanted to Play a One Piece Game. I saw these was going to come out, I waited. I bought it. I played it. Everything I wanted and needed in my life! X3 I love rushing in, oblierating my enemy feeling like the Monsters of the Grand Line. I also have had perfect gaming experience, no broken saves, completly working controller, nothing at all. Maybe I am lucky unlike others who have had these issues. Kanpai!"
76561198084738238,Recommended,331600,17936330,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,jellluhfelluh,I cree everytime the going merry dies
,Recommended,331600,17994955,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Leafenstein,"This is a Dynasty Warriors meets One Piece, like every other dynasty warrior port you are going to need to config the key binding yo get them how you want it especially w/ a xbox controller.There really isn't anything wrong with this game other than it the port wasn't meant for controllers (or at least xbox)The game basically summerizes the story accurately (besides the in-game fighting they add extra the make the game more interesting) and the last one ep is inaccurate due to the arc has yet to be finished (9/12/2015)"
,Recommended,331600,18058063,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Rubix Cubicle,"This game is a Mixed Bag. If you are a fan of one peice, This game lets you play in the role of all your favorite characters, but to make room it skips out on some of the less important arcs and some background story ( most notably brook and zoro). This game also has a lot of quirks that the show often has, such as Sanji is at a disadvatnage to woman.For those who do not watch the show:The game is in japanese, so you will have to read the subtitles, this is because the english show has not caught up to the japanese version of the show. But if you are looking for a hack and smash invovling you and your team destroying hundreds of soldiers at a time while taking objectives, this game is for you!On a more general note, for both series watchers and not, the game takes a bit getting used to. It is best played with a controller and i would highly suggest changing the controls since the default doesnt include a pause button. The game is very repetitive, as all missions are kinda the same just with different enemies and backgrounds. and that may sound different but no, you smash through tons of people and capture the objective points. Though the real challenge comes from the different obsticles they put in your way, such as changing the conditions of winning and losing, opening some entryways while closing others, etc. The game constantly changes around you. So if you cant keep up with ""go here, now do this, now run all the way back, now do whatever for a couple of minutes"" kind of gameplay, this game isnt for you.So overall, the game is a fast pased beat-em-up that gets repetitive, but hey! you are a force to be reckoned with and that is just fun to begin with."
,Recommended,331600,18258898,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,mechalogue,"Lots of fun if you like Musou-style action and the insanity of One Piece. Plenty of flair that you would expect from the manga/show. Really unfortunate (and confusing) as to why the PC version is analogous to previous-gen consoles, with no controller button prompts, lack of online multiplayer and underwhelming graphics. Gets by on its bombastic sense of style and large cast of likeable characters.If you don't mind the caveat that this is a substandard port, there is a lot to enjoy in OPPW3!"
76561198035216168,Recommended,331600,17829280,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,LunaticSeam,Great game for all the Nakama
,Recommended,331600,18541995,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,KingStar  Ericka,cant load to other pc and it start all over from begining
,Recommended,331600,18319360,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Opfriends !!!,I love this game <3
76561198077729561,Recommended,331600,18751623,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,DarkeningAxle,"I would definataly recommend this game if your are a fan of the One Piece books or TV show because it goes throught alot of the different story arcs and covers them fairly well. The graphics in this game are cartoony to match the One Piece look but also provide alot of nice shading and texture. Although in some places, there is a void of many textures, the game still looks fantastic. The game have alot of iconic One Piece characters to play as, such as the Straw Hat Crew, Serveral Warlords of the Sea, and other rivals Luffy may face like Rob Lucci, or Smoker. The amazing range of attacks paired with the fast paced Dynasty Warriors like gameplay add to an amazing game, even if you don't know much about One Piece. I will say that this game might spoil things later in the One Piece series, so I would recommend atleast getting near the Dressrosa ark in the books or show before coming into this game."
,Recommended,331600,22829497,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Zeramy,"My favorite anime, One Piece9999999 / 10 ratingThis game is originally a PS4 game. But I can play on PC which makes me playing this game everyday. I don't own a PS4 so yeah, PC games are the only platform I play with.I really like how this game has statuses for all characters so that we can focus on our own favorite characters.But this game has one problem. I don't know how to say but it is not a big problem.Don't worry, this game is good, awesome and fantastic.(/owo)/ ~~~ONE PIECE~~~""I'm the one who trigger the gear of ""New Age"" in motion""-Trafalgar D. Water Law~"
76561197988609440,Recommended,331600,23576991,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Meowcenary,Its been way too long since i played dynasty warriors back in the day. After that i found Ken's Rage and that game was a blast.This game keeps that spirit going in spades. A simple beat em up where you will lay out a 1000 goons a level easily its hilarious at times.While some of the complaints people have aren't un founded most of them are.The game is a lousy PC port but it works.I use a Microsoft Controller and have No problems with controls at all for it. Though the menus still show only keyboard commands and in game command layouts show up as a series of neutral symbols for each button (similar to street fighter) This can make things a bit confusing but as i said before the game is pretty straight forward so once you get the hang of it you'll be in good shape.All in all id say go for this game but dont pay full price for it. do like i did and catch it on one of steam's crazy sales
,Not Recommended,331600,24449072,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,ArOne,Terrible Controller support and there's no .ini file to help tweak it. Everything else works at least but whats a game without proper controller support?
,Recommended,331600,23836921,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,pokuchu,"Is it king of the warriors?One Piece Pirate Warriors 3 is the first installment of the Pirate Warriors series to come to Steam, with the previous entries being exclusive to Sony consoles. It's especially interesting due to the fact that prior to this title there had been  no One Piece games officially brought to PC.The game follows the story of the anime series from the very beginning all the way up to the point at which it was currently ongoing at the time of the game's release. Cutscenes are done in an interesting way, with some being fully animated in-engine, some are full-motion video, and a lot of them are just two characters standing almost statically with their lips faffing about for a bit...not a fan of those ones, they seem a bit lazy to me.The game has an impressive roster of characters with all the playable ones being characters that were prevalent for a part of the series. The amount of content here is actually quite impressive as well with 2 full campaigns to play through, those being the main story, which I previously mentioned, and the Dream Log, which has you going from island to island to take part in a plethora of battles as a character of your choice. Together these could take around 30 hours to complete at least.Replay value is also heavily present here as you can level up characters by partaking in more and more battles, receiving coins that feature different characters which are used to raise a character's stats, and with 37 playable characters to level up here, this game will keep players busy for quite some time.Being a Koei Tecmo port however, it does have some issues in regards to porting, although thankfully performance is not one of them, with the game running at very consistent 60 FPS. It does however look worse than the PS4 version due to this port being based on the PS3 version, albeit looking slightly better than that version due to slightly higher resolution textures.Compared to the PS4 version though, the textures look worse, colours appear more washed out and faded and the game has a rougher look to here than it does on PS4. It's far from a deal-breaker for me, but I'd keep this in mind.The PC version also lacks the online co-op available in the PS4 version for whatever reason which is most definitely disappointing. Local co-op is still an option but since I have no friends nearby(sigh) I would of have really appreciated the inclusion of online coop...again not a deal-breaker but disappointing nonetheless.So I might seem like I'm disappointed with this game so far due to the issues present in the port but the fact that remains is that this is a game where you can just kick a**holes around and break-dance pirates to death as some blonde dude in a tuxedo...I mean what else should I need to say to sell you on this game?It's just as over the top and ridiculous as the Warriors series always has been and I love this game for that, it's just rare to find a game in this day and age that lets you go so f**king crazy with combos and special attacks that are are absolutely stupefying in the best possible sense. And with so many characters and combos to unlock and pull off, what's not to love?"
76561198025219807,Recommended,331600,23989527,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Bat Doge,I bought this game last week ago in Summer Sale and still play everyday.I recommend One Piece Fan should buy this game and more than 30 character you can play.You won't disappointed.10/10
,Not Recommended,331600,24059772,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,The Letter A,"Horrible PC port, if you have a console play it on there, avoid the PC version to save yourself the headache of having to patch the game yourself since the devs don't seem to care."
,Recommended,331600,24061271,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Justin,"I, personally, would only reccommend this game to one piece fans. However, anyone can pick it up and play it and still have a good idea of what the story is about.~~~~~Pros~~~~~- The graphics are good in there own way, kinda like the borderlands. Maybe not the most detailed, but they have their own cartoon-ish charm to them.- The dev's somehow managed to create 3D models of anime characters that don't look awful.- The combat system works, but special attacks can be kinda confusing.~~~~~Cons~~~~~- The story doesn't go very in depth, this could be considered either a pro or con, but as I've already read the whole manga, I consider it a bad thing.- The levels are overwhelmingly repetitive in my opinion. I got bored after the first 2 episodes.- This game doesn't have a resolution option for 1366x768.~~~~~Other~~~~~- I've heard that the controller support is a bit tempermental, but I haven't had a problem. If you want to use a ps3 controller, just download DS3 tool. Works like a charm for me.- This is Subbed, not dubbed, just in case you have a problem with that.~~~~~Final Thoughts~~~~~As I stated in the beginning, I would only reccommend this game to One Piece fans. Or get it while it's on sale. If you're reading this before the 4th of July, it's $13 dollars and some change. I would not reccommend getting this while it's at it's retail price, there are better things you can spend your money on."
,Recommended,331600,23610001,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,pizzaglitches,"Good fun game, except the controls aren't that clear and the camera angles are gamebreaking."
,Not Recommended,331600,23870795,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Nostromo The Viking,"Partial Controller Support = No controller support what-so-EVER!Steer clear of this title even if it's currently on a 75% Sale, there's a REASON it's on that low a price right now, because it never caught on. There really is no controller support, the prompts are keyboard only, you can however rebind some of your controller buttons, too bad you won't be able to do the Kizuna Attacks, because that's supposed to be on Right Trigger, but instead it's camera movement. See where I'm getting at already ?Unless you have the patience to attempt to make it work with some sort of third-party software that's able to do something clever with rebinding, then I highly advice you to avoid this on Steam at least. If you have a PlayStation 3 / 4 then for your own sake get it there instead."
76561198049601189,Recommended,331600,23664289,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Yung Cucc,Do you enjoy mashing and alternating between three buttons? Than this is the game for YOU!!!!!!
76561198168815712,Recommended,331600,23885830,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Maestro Splinter,"What a good game, i'll play it for years :)"
,Recommended,331600,23947827,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Pain,"One of the best console ports to PC I've ever played. It's pretty stable for a port and the keyboard layout of the initial controls is so good you will likely try using it in other console ports when possible. Unlike most One Piece games most people are familiar with. This is a focus in more of a 'battle royale' like approach with hundreds or even thousands of minion enemies supporting more dangerous named enemies. It's not like the arena 1V1 stuff that most One Piece games often revolve around. People who have played One Piece Unlimted World Red would feel right at how in this game.The many, many, playable characters and huge pile of levels adds a good level of replayability. It's quite impressive really.  The game is purely a single player with a possible IRL coop second player though you would likely need a controller or a very large keyboard to make that somehow work. So no online interaction.  Unless you really, really like One Piece I would only recommend throwing down on this game if it's on sale on one of the 75% off sales. Then it is worth it."
,Recommended,331600,22684134,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Lawbringrawr,"Very similar to Dynasty Warriors with more emphasis on individual character powers and abilities. Dynasty Warriors had character differentiation through weapon types but this game focused only on individual powers and fighting styles. Many people complain about the keyboard controls but it never posed a problem to me. I used to watch One Piece but have stopped following the series due the extreme amount of episodes it has. I still enjoyed the game as it follows the general plot of the anime while using the game mechanics and objectives as the dominant aspect. Most characters are generally balanced in comparison to eachother while still having a plethora of playstyles with the exception of Fujitora, because he can spam call meteors and nuke the entire room he is in with 1-2 shot kills of the ability. Character power is mainly determinant on player fueled growth and coin collection.All in all, I enjoyed beating up hordes of enemies DW style with some old familliar characters and more.9/10"
76561198124079663,Recommended,331600,21867222,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,B-Mask,Anime game :)
,Recommended,331600,19216276,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Frog,yeah buy this if you like anime or just like one piece. its fun K
76561198059358921,Recommended,331600,23730440,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,hightime1011,Super fun game!  Luffy is One Piece Pirate  warriors 3 is must have!
,Not Recommended,331600,22764694,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Kewl Wood,its broken and cannot be used with an xbox one controller
,Not Recommended,331600,23622445,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Bon Shetenburger,"I cant save the game, so i always have to start all over again"
,Recommended,331600,23647796,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Balakiel ~Sensual Birdfeed~,"For the sake of transparency I'm going to start off with problems that might be a dealbreaker for some people-finnicky gamepad support (I have seen people post that the Steam controller wasn't compatible, after a bit of tinkering it works beautifully, but that may have been an update.)-Visual downgrades. This wouldn't really be a big deal for me but they did mis-represent it when they marketed it, similar to the way they marketed the awful Dead or Alive port. The difference is I think this game still runs great and it's not bogged down with too much DLC (as somebody who is JUST NOW getting into the DLC portion of the story this game does have a lot of content even without it.) The character models and movies still look pretty nice in my opinion, but I don't know why their bodies are shiny and I have no clue if that is a glitch because their heads aren't as shiny.-Visual glitches. My favourite character, Kizaru, will actually be missing some limbs when he's in his light form. The cape is weirdly absent and his limbs will glitch out of reality with animations. Definitely dampens a bit of fun when your favourite character looks so goofy. This may be the case with crocodile and smoker, but it looks more natural to them since their body is essentially disappearing into the ether anyways. It is rare enough for it not to destroy the fun in the game for me.If you have a PS4 I think that would probably be the best console to buy it on outside of sales.But if you put up with it, this is probably one of my favourite Musou games. There are a lot of interesting, diverse characters, so much to do, the story is actually engaging and does the manga some justice, the music is beautiful, the characters are (selectively) gorgeous looking, and there's just a lot here for anyone who likes Musous to enjoy.It can kind of function as a primer for the series thus far but at the same time you'd probably be better off seeing them in the manga or anime than summarized neatly in this game, but it helped refresh my memory of a lot of the earlier moments.Oh and this is probably specific to certain monitors or whatever but I got some awful screen tearing. There is a program called Borderless Gaming that is also offered on Steam and it might be worth checking out if you have that problem a lot as well, works flawlessly with this game."
,Not Recommended,331600,23657012,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Zthealer,"El peor juego que he tenido la desgracia de adquirir, Steam dice que no puede realizar el reembolso de lo pagado por superar las dos horas de juego y señala incluso que he jugado 4 horas. 4 horas de que? de ver la pantalla en negro luego de querer iniciar la partida? Sean más conscientes en sus análisis, si bien sé que no me devolverán lo pagado al menos espero que esto sirva a los demás usuarios para que tengan cuidado al adquirir, si a la primera no les funciona no traten repetidas veces de querer hacer andar el juego sino no les devolverán lo pagado."
,Recommended,331600,18257422,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Captain Reidz,"Yep it's one of them games to me, I've followed the anime since the terrible dub by 4kids (it didn't seem bad at the time, but my god when I look back at it now)anyway my review:(this is a personal review)So far I'm enjoying the game, it's challenging, gamepad work fine with it tried xbox controller and a gamecube controller too works perfectly, I did not expect it to be tense, but then again that's one piece. I thought it would be pure hack and slash. I'm litterally reliving my favourite moments of one piece, the scenes represent the anime good enough, wide choice of characters. This game skims through the story and lore as you would imagine (so you could either spend an entire month catching up reading every bit of lore possible, or the manga.... orrr play this game for about 2 days or so and still be on the same line as everyone else).Co-oP mode is SUPER, me and my brother have been waiting for a decent steam game to play co-op, split screen is generic, like it needs to be, for a rubbish laptop (which is what I was worried about when I pre-ordered it) actually tuns fine on it. Overall I love the game.I don't recommend it to anyone, not everyone likes One Piece, I'm not a big fan of Naruto, but hey, I do like a good Naruto game, and that's what this could be to you IF you like Naruto... or bleach, or just anime in general. OH and if you like dynasty warriors (litterally same mechanics)...although when I first got the game, like many people who jump the gun would think, the keyboard controls were diabolical, but to be fair you can't really do much about that, so if you can look past that and get used to it you can kick♥♥♥♥♥and become the pirate king, of the keyboard.I thought it was challenging anyway using the keyboard, which made me want to use it a little bit more. A bit like using a trackpad for a MOBA game like LoL, SMITE or DOTA 2 (other MOBAs are available)actually one more point, thank you steam, for this <3TL;DRIt's dynasty warriors with One Piece characters,personally it's good,covers story great,Keyboard controls are awk (can't do anything about that? get a controller)Personally it's quite challenging."
76561198353190661,Recommended,331600,28719980,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Ginger,i was kinda of mixed on getting this game bu it was on sale with all the dlc for like 12 bucks so i got it and to be honest i wouldve spent the 40 bucks on the game its so much fun and its long not a game you can finnish in a single day. im a total weeb and normally anime games suck but this one reached way past my expectations and its fun some people say it gets boring though after a couple of days but its somthng you can come back to if you want mindless fun id recomend this to any one piece fan or most people (and i got this game over one piece burnung due that opbb only has one arc how boring pirate warriors has it all)and one last thing if youre a true fan of th series the ending dissapointing becouse this game was finished before the doflamingo arc was finnished but besides that great game
,Recommended,331600,20268216,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,ShizzyFizzy,"I would only recommend this game if you are a One Piece Fan.Other than that, this game is tons of fun :D"
76561198014367026,Recommended,331600,18149979,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,kerkes00,"A lot of fun, and true to the anime.  For those of you not familiar with the series, this is a lot like dynasty warriors, only with one piece characters. It doesn't say in the actual description, but the game is in japanese with english text, so it's the original voice actors."
,Recommended,331600,18151891,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Hitler-desu-neeeee,"I played it for a bit, pretty great."
,Recommended,331600,18154646,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,MagicNightLight,Great game and its fun if you like to combo stuff i mean it is a grinding game kind of once you get to nightmare log after you beat all the boss in dream log plush the golden poins can be really hard to get but a really good game i would get it if you like this kind of game
76561198128797088,Recommended,331600,18173201,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,MemeMeister [GER],"Okay, let me get this straight!I'm a die hard One Piece fan. So this review might only apply for die hard fans too.I wanted to wait with writing this review until I have finished the legend log.Thats what I did 10 minutes ago.And the whole journey was fu***ing awesome!I was reliving some of the best and worst moments of One Piece.The die hard fans will know what I am talking about.I spent 65 bucks for the preorder and this game was worth every last euro.This games fulfilled my dreams, because I have no Playstation or XBox, so I was unable to play a One Piece-Game before, but now thanks to KOEI TECMO GAMES CO., LTD. and BANDAI NAMCO Entertainment I am able to play a One Piece Game.I have played 50 hours and I think I am halfway done for achieving 100%.It was an emotionally overwhelming experience. I laughed, shed tears, was sad, mad and proud throughout this journey.In the end I wanna list up some positive and negative things.Positive:- it's exactly what you expect – you can play the story from beginning to Dressrosa- you can play with any character, even the bad guys- you can get revenge by kicking akainu's, blackbeard's and doflamingo's♥♥♥♥♥- it's so great that they get the original voice actors to do this and the implementation of the characters are simplyawesomeNegative:- they could have used more characters and create some more side quests/levels (for example: each level of Impel Down)- It may be too easy, even on the hard difficulty- it would be even better if you could decide which attacks each character can use, but I guess that would be kindamessed up – if Luffy has „red hawk“ and at the same time an attack from 2 years ago or something like that.Concluding I wanna say, that I really enjoy playing this game and I really hope that they either gonna make a sequel or update this game once in a while."
,Not Recommended,331600,25834275,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Gamerz-Zone,First of all i'm a big fan of one piece but this is is ****ed up the badest port I ever seenGame crashes randomlyTreasure event sometimes skip without even playingBlack screen in some cut sceneController sucks you cant even use the right pad for the cameraController icon is not there only keyboardAvoid this game its a shame on one piece
76561198071156322,Recommended,331600,18160666,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,kvkyoin,"I personally love this game. The graphics don't at all match the screen shots, so if that's a problem with you, don't buy this game. But I don't care at all about graphics, so I can see past it and look at how wonderful of a game this is. If you want to whipe out rediculous amounts of enemies with your favorite One Piece characters (especially Eneru because he's wonderful), leveling up characters to their max potential, and experiencing the One Piece storyline first-hand, you will love this game more than you love your family.9.5/10 from me"
76561198017433818,Recommended,331600,18153189,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Toreno,"Way too easy, but good, mindless fun."
76561197966276791,Not Recommended,331600,30345352,Posted: 5 March,all,johndparent,"The core game is fun, and I'm sure this game is very playable and smooth in the console.A few HUGE problems in order of unplayability:1. The controller. So I can't customize a controller fully in the game. That would be just a minor nuisance if.... if... THEY ALSO DON'T LET YOU PERMANENTLY SAVE THE ♥♥♥♥ING CONTROL CONFIGURATION. That means that every ♥♥♥♥ing time you close the game and start it again, you have to spend 5 minutes reconfiguring the ♥♥♥♥ing controls. Unbelievable. This has made me uninstall this game.2. Unskippable cutscenes. The Intro is 2.5 minutes long and COMPLETELY UNSKIPPABLE. So every time you turn on the game you have to watch the same long, extended ♥♥♥♥ing introduction. But wait, there's more... in every mission the start, middle and end have a story time that you can't skip 2 minutes or more each. There's no warning of this either, the game just takes you mid ♥♥♥♥ing punch RIGHT INTO A CUTSCENE and then drops you right back into combat the millisecond you left without any warning for each.3. The camera. Oh my god the ♥♥♥♥ing camera angles in this game are abyssmal. It's an action game where you (almost always) attack in one direction at a time. However when your character turns... the ♥♥♥♥ing camera stays at the angle it was already. So you are punching into a bunch of unknown, unseeable♥♥♥♥♥♥until you recenter the camera or press the camera rotation (inverse on controller, seriously... inverse, what- press left trigger to turn right- makes sense right?, oh and also you can't change this setting, because ♥♥♥♥ you-)4. Graphics settings. Want to change the texture settings to optimize the game visually? nah, here's a bunch of useless settings that change. The draw distance is stupid too. It's a rendering distance set for the PS3 2006 era, which means you will be running into another area and people will just populate around you from invisibility. This on top of the camera angle crap... nah.Verdict: It's probably a great game on the console and it's fun when I can get around the seriously problematic controls and spend the 20 minutes of introduction/tinkering just to play. But it's not worth the time when I have a library full of other games to play that don't have these lazy port problems. The most egregious of the problems is not letting us save the configuration.I wouldn't pay more than $2-5 for this title. Not worth it's full price."
,Recommended,331600,18329493,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Just Your Average Horse Man,Its fun thats all
,Recommended,331600,17756074,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,flaming butthole,buy it only if you're a hardcore one piece fan otherwise you'll hate it
76561198039660125,Recommended,331600,18246404,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,zelLemanyak,this game deserve to have a ONLINE MODE in PC version!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,331600,18259077,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Ruh,"As a fan of both one Piece and the Warriors franchise, I've got to say that these two gamesintertwine perfectly.Dynasty Warriors/Samurai warriors excel on their maps and wide variety of unique characters,The One piece world is exactly the same.If you plan on watching the series or reading the manga, I would ask you to do that first,for One Piece: Pirate Warriors 3 is spoiler HEAVY.The current (2015) Dressrosa arc isn't finished in the series, so the game adds an Original ending.Although it isn't the strongest Warriors game, It lands fresh with a One Piece Version. And you WILL find a character that plays/controls to your liking.Favorite playable characters: Tashigi and Jimbei."
,Recommended,331600,22882206,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Imba,Great game
,Recommended,331600,18102012,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Divine Fox,"If you are a One Piece fan, like me you´ll enjoy this game and the interactions with certain characters.Also this game is really funny, the controls are easy once you get use to them, but still some bugs on logia characters and is unlikely Bandai will fix this."
,Not Recommended,331600,23849447,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Steakncheese,"I bought this game because I am a fan of One Piece.This game is a rough, skip-to-the-action-moments. It's not a play-by-play of the manga. Only the fights. they skip straight to freeing zoro and fighting morgan for the first level and let me tell you something...The game rocks but the controls were hard as heck to figure out. They give you hints, ""Punch Punch Kick"" icons with other icons, but there is no controller or keymapping to tell me what they mean.You do not play this game with a mouse. You entirely use the keyboard.By the time I was fighting morgan, I pretty much had the controls down and I started to figure out the combos. I have no idea what keys I pushed to do the luffy x zoro combo attack, I just mashed every key until they did it and luckily I was facing the right direction.Get past the control confusion and this is a great game. Though, honestly, I think I'll stick to non-ported games on PC and I doubt I'll actually play this game ever again."
76561198200601003,Not Recommended,331600,24152316,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Antoniocs,"I am a fan of the one piece anime and I was hoping the game would be fun to play.The controls are a bit strange. It is annoying when a popup appears that informs you of a combination you can do they use symbols and not the actual keys for the buttons, but one thing that is a major annoyance is that every time I start the game I don't have my keys saved.The default keys for the attacks are somewhere in the middle of the keyboard, I changed them to keys in the numpad but every time I SAVE and close the game and then come back I have to reset them.This is just not acceptable.Also the first time I played I was bombarded by popups saying that I had now access to new characters and characters had new items which was utterly ridiculous.Not sure where this games is coming from if this is a port from consoles or whatever.  I just know I can't play a game that doesn't save my configurations properly and is just hard do handle!DO NOT BUY!"
76561198093961811,Recommended,331600,21379276,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Paelee,สนุกมากเน้นความมัน อิอิ ซื้อเลยๆ
76561198062361395,Recommended,331600,18216282,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Icegrim,"So it's an anime game, but it's also dynasty warriors... but with pirates!The story is fairly straightfordward, it simply retells the plot of the anime/manga, except for the last level which is silly and makes you kind of feel cheated if you've actually been fallowing the original story.Gameplay is pretty smooth, nothing really wonky and broken, each character has a pretty unique play style, which makes it hard to play a new character after a while.There's also this thing called dream log. It's pretty much just a big collection of battles that you fight through to try and unlock new characters.Also Luffy as a carp was a great pre-order bonus."
76561197971443627,Recommended,331600,18232945,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,KEEPwalking,"No crashes, no bugs and my controller works perfectly on my Laptop!!FuuuuuuucK. the Negitave review.Great game and great Graphics, Bandai should continue support PC platform games!!!Well Done!!! 10/10"
,Recommended,331600,18189657,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,omgimahero,"Great game.. Very refined to the story of the original Anime to it's latest episode... So even if you are not following the anime, you can still play this game as it starts from the begining of the story...And of course, One Piece is a great anime...And worth every buck paid as there is a dream log that would keep you busy for hours to come despite finishing the entire original story... The coin system is great too as you are able to unlock new abilities with it and strengten the stats of your favourite character...The game also has a wide variety of different type of pirate enemies... armored, shielded, barbed, bazooka marines, fishmen and etc... with the wide varriety of enemies you fight, the game kinda never gets boring..Some cons to the game would be the controls setting with my Logitech F510... it works but its weird as certain keys to pause and etc I have to use the keyboard and SKIP SCENE button is my Spacebar.. but seriously nothing to complain about...Really a great release and title.. Love the anime and love the game.. 10/10"
,Recommended,331600,18222622,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,IDontHateHentai,"I am a huge One Piece fan. I read the manga, I watch the show in both english sub and dub and I plan to buy merch when I actually get some money to do so. That by no means indicates that this game will easily impress me. Quite the contrary actually. Being a rather big fan of the show, I was incredibly critical of the game. Especially when it came to lore friendly-ness. So did it live up to the name of my favorite show of all time?StoryThe games Legend Log goes through the main parts of the Straw Hat Pirate's adventure. Once you beat a level in Legend Log, you can use any character you unlocked to play that level again in Free Log mode. Along with that, there is also Dream Log mode where you can unlock characters and coins by playing certain pre-made scenarios.GameplayIf you played One Piece Pirate Warriors 1 or 2, you pretty much know what to expect. The basic Musou gameplay of wailing on thousands of weaklings and the occasional strong baddie. They have added a few new features this time around. One such feature is the Kizuna Rush system. The Kizuna Rush System involves a bar in your HUD filling up as you fight baddies and lowering when you receive damage. The bar has 3 levels. level 1 doesn't really do anything special but level 2 allows you to summon a team mate to unleash an attack by pressing an extra button at the end of your combos. If you fill the bar all of the way, you can activate Kizuna Rush. With this active, each enemy you defeat gives you “!” (The means by which your characters level up) and “Beli” (The currency of the game). As you level up, you unlock new combos and more power for your characters. Defeating strong characters also gives you a coin of that character which can be used to increase your stats.Each character has 2 separate kinds of levels. The first kind of level goes up to level 5. Each level unlocks a new thing with the 3rd and 4th unlocking character head shots and voice gallery for that character. A very nice touch if you are a hardcore One Piece fan. The second kind of level goes up to level 50. This is what actually increases your characters stats. The level cap can actually be moved up to 100 if you unlock all of the required coins.MusicThe music was a bit lack luster. The songs aren't bad but they aren't really good either. Just kinda meh. Also, right before you start a map, there is an annoying and unneeded 5 second loop of a song that will repeat over and over until you start the game. Why they didn't use one of the many ACTUAL SONGS I will never know.GraphicsI wasn't expecting breath taking graphics and I got exactly what I was expecting. The graphics are mediocre with the exception of during the cinematic cutscenes. These cutscenes look beautiful and were a treat to view. Not so say they are stunningly realistic. They are beautifully stylized while still keeping faithful to the art style of the show. However, (and this may be because I have the PC version). The character's skin during the comic strip cutscenes look . . . . . really just awful. What is supposed to be sweat is poorly done and just makes the characters look terrible with the sweat textures phasing in and out of their bodies.Lore FriendlinessI feel as though it is necessary to add in this extra category for this game. I was pleasantly surprised with how well this game stuck to the One Piece lore. From Usopp not being effected by Perona's Negative Hollows to Sanji being very weak against female enemies. Should not disappoint.OverallI enjoyed this game and I still play it with over 90 hours played on it. I still have yet to unlock every single character. I have about 5 more to go. I really wish there were certain people I could play as that were only available as support characters. I will not divulge any of the playable characters because I believe part of the fun of playing is discovering who you get to be. Overall, I was pleasantly surprised.If you liked my review, consider supporting me by visiting my blog ^_^http://everythingnrd.blogspot.com/"
,Recommended,331600,30974329,Posted: 5 April,all,Drambuie,if u enjoyed the anime u will enjoy the game
76561198250351598,Recommended,331600,18738024,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Cochise,"Comparing to the  Dynasty Warriors, i really like these teammate combo attacks, n quite a lot and brillant episodes in it. Awesome game8/10"
76561198088254322,Recommended,331600,18978093,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Genos-Kun,"Ī hanashideareba, anata no o Taku ga, gurafikku wa hontōni wanpīsu kaizoku senshi no anata no fan wa anata ga sore o sukininarunara, watashi ga itta yō nisuginai suimasu."
76561198043145067,Not Recommended,331600,28946802,Posted: 2 January,all,"the 70's consensus of: ""grovvy""","This game had worst default controller setup that i've seen in a while. A for light attack? B for ranged? X for dash???!!! Y is ok for a special attack. Usually in the controller layout, you'd put the actual A button on the screen, but instead it just has  ""0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7"" That could mean anything. It just looked like they didn't know how to setup a controller. I had to go through trial and error then finally I was able to get a layout I liked... Here was everything wrong with the default controller set up: 1. couldn't find whatever was the pause button. 2. Can NOT use the triggers apparently, when I tried to register them on the controller layout it was like they didn't exist. 3. (and the worst one) Unfortunatley the camera it's self does NOT WORK I HAD TO PRESS LB EVERY FEW SECONDS TO KEEP THE CAMERA ON LUFFY'S BACK, again I tried to fix it but when I tap on the camera settings it just says ""this setting is not available for gamepad"". The right stick does not work and that's definitley the worst part, the controls. The game it self from what I played was alright. About the only thing different was the new tag in system and little side question mark things that would pop up on the map for extra things. But you know it's a dynasty warrior game, it's not really supposed to change that much. I'd say if you want this game, get it for console and if I'm doing something wrong PLEASE TELL ME! I want to like this game."
76561198254231454,Recommended,331600,28707896,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Hydrø,"My first review on a anime game. Call me a weeb pls.Anyways, a quick summary would be, overall good game when it's on steam sale. Without the steam sale, it's still decent, but with the 75% discount, it's definitely worth it.I play this game on PC, and the only downside control wise is the camera angles. Most of the times, your just hoping you hit something, and mashing your keys. Other than that, the keyboard controls aren't too bad, but a controller would probably make your experience a whole lot better.This game follows the orginial One Piece story, so any fan would instantly understand what's going on, as it labels it's storyline pretty clearly. Although the gameplay is very repetitive, mostly defeating a door guard, or opening some doors, but some maps have some unique things to them. The combat system is pretty straight forward, but you can land some pretty cool combos by experimenting by combining different keys at different times. You can play as a lot of characters, and some characters, such as Law, have some pretty nice attack animations. The cutscences are like 240p, or I'm just using the wrong resolution, but the cutscences are pretty bad, and usually I skip them.7.5/10tl;drboring grindingwatching cutscenes is like a powerpoint slide showno coop"
,Recommended,331600,25941163,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Lúcifer Morningstar,awesome!; 3 i like it cause i love one piece
76561198077628418,Not Recommended,331600,31239765,Posted: 19 April,all,BinaryKung,"If you expect to play this game from PC like you played it in PS4 or XBOX, you have to re-think again."
76561198292407105,Recommended,331600,23749792,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Lambert,"Well, for me, the graphic is good enought. The anime is drawed in cartoon mode. u cant expect the game is designed in real."
,Recommended,331600,31408069,Posted: 27 April,all,<TNH>Lord Calvanian,"I love this game to the moon and back, Simple as that.While it is a Warriors game and not for everyone. It's one of the best One Peice games out there!"
,Recommended,331600,24041653,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,captnmikeyb22),10 outta 10 would play again
,Recommended,331600,32228942,Posted: 6 June,all,StephenHCE117,best op game is best
76561198041354599,Recommended,331600,30300924,Posted: 3 March,all,Asian BK,"The controls are bad if you are using a controller, but I fix mine by using JoytoKey. The game itself is pretty fun and it is japanese dubbed so it's like watch an anime. Wow, it's like a weeb dream!"
76561198059791889,Recommended,331600,28669877,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Lordjoro,"I recommend you to play this game if you're a fan of one-piece.The gameplay is fun and fast but can get a bit repetetiv after a while.The story is skimmed down but still gets the job done.The voice acting (japanese) and soundtrack is the highpoints for this game)You can put a decent amount of hours into this game and have a good time, buy it on sale and you've made a good deal my friend"
76561198138170364,Recommended,331600,33577480,Posted: 15 July,all,Julia Y,great game
,Recommended,331600,22757312,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,BronzyIslandNYC,PERFECT PORT.well done Koei. game runs at 60fps even with my shity computer. Performance is flawless. and thats all i care about. going to get Dragon Quest Heroes next.
,Recommended,331600,23250739,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Victory Male Carter,One Piece Pirate Warriors 3Well i Never Played the First 2 Pirate Warriors. Anything or any Warriors Collab i Give it a Go Becasue this Series is Awesome. This Game Worked Unlike also That Also Released Late 2015 Dragon Quest Heroes which didn't work. This made me care more about the One Piece Anime as well thank goodness that Toei Animation didn't want to ruin this games PC Port. This is Perfect Macth made for the Warriors Series.Rating 8/10 Becasue of thus game im now a One Piece Fan
,Recommended,331600,28697241,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,DaGhost,Very fun game for all ages would higly recommend watching the anime series first so you can enjoy this game at its fullest 10/10
,Recommended,331600,28781603,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Gay Nigga,""" I were born to love ladies! "" - Sanji"
,Recommended,331600,28784417,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,FullColour,ok game but have to watch entire ending credit.these japanese are nuts
,Recommended,331600,20125578,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Zer0CooL,You will love this game if you are a fan of the anime!Only downside to this game is that there are keyboard prompts even when using a controller.
,Recommended,331600,23782379,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,FiLthyOne-Tap[DyS],Super FUn!
76561198059170493,Recommended,331600,19383309,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,gallowsCalibrator,"This game cannot easily be played on the keyboard, but give the controller a chance. If you like the series, you'll like the game."
76561198143889777,Recommended,331600,19280808,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,blownaway563,One of the best OnePiece games I've ever played!!
,Recommended,331600,19370317,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Masterforce,It's One Piece!!!!! Don't wait. JUST BUY IT!!!!
76561198005603189,Recommended,331600,19784942,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,War Barker,Good fun i like the Over the top amount of k.o's you get. it feels and plays like a funnier Dynasty Warriors :) defenatly worth a try :)
76561198216007292,Recommended,331600,19901837,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Coolbythewolf,"To start it off I am a huge fan of One Piece so yes it is possible that this review may be biased however since I am a huge fan I think it means this would be a quality review because why would be happy with a game that does disrespect and dishonor to One Piece's name? The answer is I would hate it, however this game does pretty well to represent One Piece so for all you fans out there, there you have it.For everyone else,All the levels have the same kind of feel, so it may get boring and repetive, however each level has taken me longer and longer to finish. So the repitivity doesn't make it easy in addition I am playing on easy mode right now. So if you play on hard or normal I am sure you will feel the same way just, double.  Follows the anime story so if you don't like the anime then either you will start to like it because of this game.. OR  DON't GET THIS GAME. One Piece will grow on you and you will love it.There are alot of cutscenesHowever they are very skipable. If you are a huge fan you might watch them some of them are amusing. If you want to get on with the game you can easily in about 1 second skip the scene.Cons.Females Wear  what some might say are scandalous outfits.There is no  blood.Gameplay is fairly repetitve Ussop is lame. ( But if you are a fan  you probably kind of expected that.)Badge is very hard to get.ProsFollows close to the story lineFemales have cute outfits.Quick actions that can be repeated, for very fast and upbeat gameplayMoves   for each charector are unique each charector does't have the same skill set.Achievments!!CARDS / BADGEEPIC movesGreat Anime gameBetter then Naruto.ONE PIECEAll in all I can see myself putting at least 100+ into this game. Right now I am not there but that is because I just got it recently.I use a keyboard and so far I am doing just fine, however I imagine it may be easier  with a controller, I also have the Naruto games which are directly ported from the Xbox 360 and I find that one in bearable without the controller however I am able to throughly enjoy  this game on the keyboard. fyi the attack  controlls are I J K L O, I think there are combo attacks but I  just press the buttons in repeatedly when I know I have a combo attack ready.Rating: 9/10Oh I have the DLC's so I am not sure how big it is without them, but my download was around 9 GB.So it is a big game.This is a first impression review  I have owned this game for one day. I bought this game on the holiday Sale  on 12/23/15. For   those who read this when it is at full price I was going to buy it at full price but didn't have the money. Honestly I think it is worth its asking price, but if you can get it on sale even better.Thankyou, You should buy it I mean honestly what else are you going to do with all that money.. ;)"
76561198154323080,Recommended,331600,20189150,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Glave,This game need online co-opi can't handle the split screenstill a fun game
,Recommended,331600,19486101,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,L  O  K  A,"Best game ever! Love One piece? Then buy this game, it's pure awesomeness!In the beginning it had a few bugs but now it's all fixed~"
,Recommended,331600,19639274,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,hadouzen,"I love the dynasty series and one piece as an anime fan also made me get this gamePros-classic dynasty warrior gameplay-lengthy story mode-levelling up and charactersCons-some characters had terrible attacks/movesoverall 3/5 , if your a anime fan and love dynasty get this !!"
,Recommended,331600,19579907,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,안희연,One Piece Fans will like this! <3
,Recommended,331600,19421033,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Exposed,"One of the few anime games which actually welcomes newcomers to the series, starting from the beginning of the anime story to the current arc. The combat is satisfying as its not too hard and not too easy (unless you are under/over-leveled).The story itself can take up to 5 - 7 hours itself not including the dream log which is a grid style mission system in which you can unlock more characters.Having put in 40 hours myself I still look to put more in"
,Recommended,331600,19431179,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,The Radio Unicorn,"As of this review I have played 3.9 hours of this game, and I love it. It is what the trailer suggests, a God of War combat system but with One piece's story. I wouldnt say its the best game for people who want to get into the story or just to catchup on the series because the story is all mixed up. I would strongly recomend this to all of the One Piece fans, even if you are not that into it. But for the people who want to get into the story just watch the anime, or read the manga. I will give this game a 7.6 out of 10."
76561198073825693,Recommended,331600,19457209,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,¢ÒÓ£ $p0†,"One of my hardest reviews which I've ever planed to wrote....So people, whats up with this sort of software? It uses a traditional Game Mechanic from their respective founders Omega-Force which had released really bad♥♥♥♥♥titles like the Dynasty Warriors Series in the golden Age of Sony and their Playstation consoles.Omega-Force changed some mechanics like you cant jump, but you can ""dash/evade"" which was never implemented in a release from Omega-Force work before. The Combat becomes really funny and feels really Dynasty Warriors like in change that you play One Piece Characters.This Software has some Shadow Sides which cant be unspoken. You will notice, that this game is a fast console to PC port. I will hope that further updates will improve the Game, because in case of porting the software from a console architecture to the pc had this game some really odd limitations.- To less usage of PC Hardware to improve the grafical impression.- A lot of unsupported Controller Pad Models.- No really free definable Controller settings- No LAN or WAN Multiplayer support. Really? Come one ...- The Software itself is programmed as embedded ""Line in Assembly"" ... this can only be done, by a console game developer....Facit: Its really a hard descussion. I will only gave this Game a thumb up, because I love One Piece, I Love Dynasty Warriors, the Sound and theming is absoluty perfect, but please.... I had payed 43€ for your Gold Edition. Do something with it! Because at the moment, its not really more as a Playstation 3 Port and all in all, not this much money worth!"
76561197960558179,Recommended,331600,19519738,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Tokyo31,"This is  KOEI game all teh way in a One Piece skin. that being said if you dont enjoy dynasty warriors or samurai warriors you will not enjoy this game. The core gameplay is repetitive in its theme, but if you enjoy it you dont mind. I'm a One Piece Fan, and this game does a great job in bringing the characters to life with the extra fan service, I highly enjoyed it.Note, if you ever plan on experiencing One Piece tyourself this game willl spoil it for you. Read/watch first then play it."
76561198199227742,Recommended,331600,19740556,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Mr.Lapras,"If you're someone who really likes One Piece, I think there's enjoyment in this game. Sure there are flaws, but I found them easy to get past. If you have issues with a controller, that might be because it's a cheap or unofficial knock off. Gamestop brand controllers seem to be all jumbled up, but official xbox controllers branded by microsoft seem to work flawlessly. Just find out the controls for yourself by experimenting. Also, some of the in game button colors match those of the gamepad, so that's something maybe. Didn't notice any non-costume changes related to DLC.Overall: Alright I guess."
,Recommended,331600,19293865,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,nakaVS,"Easily recommended if you enjoy OP. If you don't, I'd stay away. The gameplay is average at best, and you'll simply spoil one of the better manga storylines in existence with no context. The plot is chopped up in a way that relevance will only come if you're up to date on the manga/anime (like what, 17 years worth of chapters?). I can only assume those not familiar will be left scratching their head. This does seem to be the standard for these ""Musou"" games, at least for the only other one I've played (Hokuto No Ken). If you are caught up, the fan service is amazing to say the least. Another major negative is that the meshes and textures are fairly low quality, but this seems to be the norm for devs that focus on consoles primarily, but I think a fan of the series can ignore that (kinda major for a AAA priced game) fault.8.0 if you love OP. Likely a 5-6 if you don't. This game lives and dies on its license like a good ole EA/Acclaim/LJN title."
76561198078625011,Recommended,331600,20192716,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Smug anime girl,Lets see here.1: Good gameplay (Story).2: Great way to be even bigger part of one piece.3: Good Graphics.4: Controls a bit weird at start but its easy to adapt.5: No Gliches so far.6: Quality Sound.7: Emotion Catching.8: Gameplay is enjoyable.9: Easy to get into.10: Very fast way to enjoy yourself for Hours.The only thing i dont enjoy is the skiping of certain things in the story and gameplay.And there is no blood which makes the dramatic moments less explosive.I would say a clear 9/10
,Recommended,331600,26368267,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,™,If You Really Love One PieceThen Prove It !!!By The Buy This Game.
,Recommended,331600,32897348,Posted: 27 June,all,YMQ KM,love this game XD
76561198020798482,Recommended,331600,24324087,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Azerate,"This game is a masterpiece, and every One Piece fan should definitely get it. For those who are yet not acquainted with the anime/manga it can work as a teaser of sorts, as the events from the original story are pretty well outlined, though you will get spoiled of course.If you are unsure whether to get it or not, because you never played a dynasty warriors type game, don't worry. I had the same worries and that's the only reason I waited for sale. I now totally regret not getting it for the full price because it's just so worth it. It has become the longest single player game (apart from RPG games) that I played in my life. And I am still not done with it, so it may very well become my most played single player game of all time.Great:+Crazy number of playable characters+Story mode and a super fun ""wacky"" mode with randomly generated levels+Ridiculous number of collectibles, unlockables, progression+Juicy, fluid, satisfactory combat+Almost the whole story of One Piece (ends in Dressrosa, which has an original plot because I guess the manga did not conclude that arc when this game was released)+Easy and accessible to everyone, but has some incredibly hard challenging difficulties which are unlockable for those who want a challenge - you can't really complain that it's too easy with the ""super hard"" difficulty for the story mode and the ""nightmare log"" version of the dream log mode.Minor niggles:-Your allies sometimes wander off somewhere and you have to rush to them to rescue them because them making it alive is sometimes required to succeed in a level.-May be a bit grindy or too random with the ""coins"" needed to upgrade characters. Some coins require beating ""strong enemies"", there is like 20 of those, and it's completely random which one you will get. You may end up getting coins for 10 characters you were not that much interested in first.Technical:-Some people argue that the graphics are outdated, I don't really see that as a problem personally and I don't think it takes from the enjoyment of the game. I guess it is factual though. I've seen a guide on improving the textures here on steam though.-Personally I had no problems with my xbox360 controller but some people have controller issues. Especially Xbox One controller seems to be broken right now, maybe there are fixes already, check the forums.This game just rocks. It's a must buy for all One Piece gaming fans. I regret waiting so long to purchase it, but I am a very sensible customer and also a bit of a ""budget"" gamer, and I don't like blindly purchasing stuff for full price.Buy it.You won't regret it."
76561198059368390,Recommended,331600,23634120,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Noose,"TL;DR - Overall a good game, provided you do not mind a bit of repetitiveness. If you are a fan of the Dynasty Warriors series or One Piece, ideally both, this is the game for you.Pros:-Lots of characters to play as-The combat moves look great-The action never slows down-A condensed version of the story, re-visiting the most memorable moments of the series-Great cutscenes-Dream-Log mode is a lot of funCons:-Repetitive combat-Far too easy. You can get away with just button mashing all the time.-Some others here have reported issues using a controller (which I did not experience, but it is worth mentioning).-The graphics are worse than those on the PS4 version even cranked up to the highest settings.Overall, it has some issues but those pale in comparison to how good the rest of the game is.8/10"
76561198309585853,Recommended,331600,23639063,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Bismarkx,"Great game! Tons of fun, even better if you are a fan of One Piece."
76561198218495641,Recommended,331600,24447302,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Adonalsium,"First ever One Piece game I've played, and first Warrior too, and suffice to say I adore it. It appeals directly to my compulsion to perfect the game while also keeping things fun. I would heartily recommend this to others. Top kek"
,Recommended,331600,24798576,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Gregmaster98,"Good game but you get easily bored after a while (mostly after finishing the story and trying all characters)!! Could be even better  and needs improvement.. I'm a great fan of the anime so I think that although there are not so many games, this and  the Treasure Cruise one are the most interesting!! Waiting for Burning Blood :)"
76561198098121004,Recommended,331600,24471411,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Zoro,"best to play this game on a controller in my opinion, since adjusting your camera can sometimes be annoying. you could easily use a controller for easy viewing and fighting!"
76561198056399946,Recommended,331600,24493551,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,OtakuB3N,"This game is great for One Piece fans and anyone who loves beating up mobs of enemies.Keyboard controls are horrible.Do yourself a favor, get a controller that lets you map the keys.I'm using a Logitech f310 game pad and it made the game very playable."
,Recommended,331600,28007629,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,The last epic panda,<3
76561198090840741,Recommended,331600,23626897,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,JUN9,"I really like this game,I advise all fans of One Piece."
76561198054059831,Recommended,331600,23635277,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,luxaN ✔,"I recommend it for one piece fans purely for the novelty but I don't recommend for those who aren't fans of the series, there are much better warriors games out there."
76561198049208430,Not Recommended,331600,24468465,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Hash Slinging Slasher,"This game is fantastic. I have played through all but the last level and enjoyed every bit of the gameplay.*However* the game functions maybe 50% of the time, and thats a generous 50%. The screen tears, freezes, turns grey, or just randomly dumps you back on the home screen with no warning. After trying an incredible number of visual configurations I have concluded that absolutely none of it will fix any of these problems, you'll just simply have to load in and hope that this is a time you get to play.After a dozen or so freezes I found that the pause menu still works during them, so I was able to press ""up, enter, left, enter, left, enter"" to suspend my game and save the level, but this seems like a very minor victory when I would need to load in 6-10 more times to get a load that functions.Overall, I am very disappointed with the low functionality of the game, especially for a series I love so much.I can't in good conscience recommend this game to anyone on pc. It is very fun when it works, but painfully frustrating when it doesn't."
76561198076247489,Recommended,331600,24505798,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,buzzsawgr81,"As a huge One Piece fan I decided to buy this game when it was on sale. At first I hated it due to the insanely terrible control schemes, like they are illogical and just plain bad (I also have this game on my vita cause who doesn't want One Piece on the go, and the controls for that version are great). This version has the camera mapped to the triggers and the right stick does nothing (with no way to remap either). After I found a good controller mapping (aside from the triggers and sticks you can fully remap the controller) and get more into the game I found that it was just as good as it's vita brother. I've also heard of many bugs with the game but I just beat it without any technical issues, so I guess that aspect will be hit or miss for different people. This is also the only version with no online play.Now on to the good stuff. This game has a decent length campaign that goes from the beginning of Luffy's journey up through the events of Punk Hazard and covers most of the major battles and events in between. The game also has Dream Mode which allows you to pick any character you've unlocked and fight through numerous islands with different objectives. So between the story, free mode (play the story as any unlocked character), dream mode, and an assload of unlockables this game will keep you busy for quite a while. So if you're a One Piece fan or just love the Warriors games, I'd suggest trying this out...though if you have a vita, PS3, or PS4 I'd suggest grabbing it for one of those systems (PS4 obviously being the best choice)."
76561198073907904,Recommended,331600,23620069,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,kristodiepie,10/10Great gameplayAmazing ArtstyleThe controls on the keyboard are weird but i got used to itIt is worth buyingIt is recommended to watch the anime first so you dont get spoiledFast-pacedGreat game like the anime
,Recommended,331600,23621437,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,CyberSaint,This game is so much fun. It follows almost the entire story and it's awesome. I reccomend it for anyone who is a fan of One Piece.
,Recommended,331600,25376838,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Casey,Pros - It is a One Piece gameDynasty Warriors is not a bad seriesStory mode is pretty goodCons - Repetitive gameplayHardest difficulty is not challenging at allPS3 textures instead of PS4 (devs smoking freebase cocaine)
76561198110956566,Recommended,331600,26143952,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,NEIN BUT NO,HELP ME WHEN I ENTER THE GAME THE LOADING SCREEN TAKES LONG ABOUT 8 MIN TO 10 IR 20 MIN HELP ME EVEN I GOT TO GALLARY SECTION IT TAKES TOO LONG WHEN I SEE IT ON YT NO SOLUTION HELP ME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,331600,23592941,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,M4ng0,i have no idea how to chg to ply analog controller
,Recommended,331600,25813939,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,✨𝓟𝓚𝓛𝓛✨,"Perfect game for any One Piece fanatics out there, though the graphics could've been better."
,Recommended,331600,23930500,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,FruitPunchSky77,Great game for all the weebs.
,Recommended,331600,23946791,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,ravun,very good
76561198326712971,Not Recommended,331600,33739187,Posted: 23 July,all,𝗞𝗬𝗦 (K.C.C),"I really loved the game the first time i played it...But the game rarely restarts, and you'll have to do the progress alllll again.(and i was pretty far.)It's the second time it does that.Sorry, but i don't recomend, because it can happen to you.Also, it sometimes shows me an black screen and i have to restart the pc and has some missing textures like marco's head and his body in phoenix form."
,Recommended,331600,24769634,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Billywitchdoctor.com,This game is so much fun. I'm on my third play through!
,Recommended,331600,23849373,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,pennywise,"Follow the user reviews, I think its a great game, get the game and enjoy :D"
,Recommended,331600,31497387,Posted: 1 May,all,Wooden Nickles,it kinda needs a pc from the future to run decent. It's an alright beat em up.
,Recommended,331600,24348670,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,CKD,"Very well designed, plays perfectly on PC (with an x360 controller, no support for XOne controllers).  This game lets fans of One Piece relive every epic event, from the first episode all the way through Dressrosa arc.  If you didn't watch the series though, it's still a very fun hack and slash with tons of interesting characters and styles of combat.  Either way, highly recommended."
,Recommended,331600,32731842,Posted: 24 June,all,captgalen,Fun game!  Can play two players in one pc!
,Recommended,331600,23578105,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Techbane,"Let's get the obvious out of the way: it's a halfassed and deliberately deceptive port job by a studio that is now notorious for halfassing their PC ports, and I am a little leery of supporting this. It's based on the PS3 rather than the PS4 version for no adequately explained reason (despite all the store preview assets being of the PS4 version), although all this really means is it's missing some shaders and flashier effects; gameplay is unimpeded. Perhaps the bigger issue is that controller support is incredibly hit and miss, and all button prompts you get will be for the keyboard regardless. Even as someone going into this with prior experience in Hyrule Warriors (and mercifully, controls are automapped similarly on a 360 controller), there are a LOT of new systems and mechanics for me to wrap my head around. Even working fully as intended the controls seem a little stiffer than Hyrule Warriors, but not egregiously so. There's also only subtitles available, no dubbing, which is... eh. Whatever.That said, it certainly seems to be a faithful cliff's notes retelling of One Piece, letting you play out the major conflicts through a pretty meaty campaign, and now that it's finally dipped to a 75% off sale, it seems worth risking the plunge on. I'm liking it so far, anyway."
,Recommended,331600,17778677,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,CM,"Great port not like other ""Koei Tecmo"" Games.Controlls are good but hard to used to it.Cartoonish graphics are very good.10/10 Suuuuuper! *Franky pose*"
76561198037077145,Not Recommended,331600,23605683,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,WildmanSteve,"The screenshots are fraudulent and not from the PC version of this game. The actual graphics look like you're playing a PS2 at 480p (in a game that was released in 2015). There is also no option to change the settings or resolution to something decent. No Xbox one controller support, not even mouse support, you have to use arrow keys even in the menu. Not to mention the game kept crashing to desktop every minute for the total 7 minutes I played this embarassment to PC gaiming before requesting a refund. Not recommended."
76561198197376425,Recommended,331600,23200887,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,K_-_O_-_V,I did indeed enjoy the game but it's very repetitive. I have played (one piece pirate warrior 1) before and it's almost the same and almost the same moves too -_-.  (one piece pirate warrior 1) at least has an online co-op option ... this one doesn't. the DLCs are totally not worth it in my personal opinion. the max lvl is 50 .. but you can break the limit to reach for 100 ... the problem is .. you need luck and a lot of farming to get the required items for it which in this repetitive game is sooooo annoying and boring. I did enjoy it though .. at first that is.
,Recommended,331600,17845537,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,EIEI.Why are you my clarity?,ข้อดีของเกมนี้1.ภาพใช้ได้ ไม่กินสเปค2.เล่าเรื่องตั้งแต่ ต้น ถึง ปัจจุบัน3.มีโหมดต่างๆให้เล่นมากมาย4.เหมาะสมกับคนที่ชอบ one pieceข้อเสีย1.เกมมีราคาแพง (เนื่องจากติดลิขสิทธ์ ของ Bandai )2.ไม่รองรับเมาส์คะแนนของเกมนี้ สำหรับคนที่ชอบone piece 8.5/10คะแนนของเกมนี้ สำหรับคนเล่นไปวันๆ 8/10
,Recommended,331600,17761559,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Siklone,"Alright. I'm a huge One Piece junkie. I've been waiting for this game for quite some time. But I'm also very adamant about my video games so I'll do my best to stifle my bias for just a little while so I can discuss some pros and cons that I see evident already.Pros: The game plays smooth. I have a decent rig 2.8 Ghz i5, 8gb ddr3 gskill ripjaw, 4gb EVGA Nvidia 970gtx, and a 3tb hdd. I've never hit a hiccup and I wouldn't really expect to with this set up. So if it doesn't play smooth for you, don't shoot me for saying it runs well on mine. Personal experience.It holds very true to the story. The depiction of the canon story hasn't been done so faithfully in any other iteration of the franchise that I've experienced yet. There are mini events you can trigger which work outside the norm such as [Spoiler!!] Iron Mace Alvida showing up in the first Buggy mini arc when she didn't team up with him until after Buggy got btfo the first time. [End Spoiler] That being said though, it isn't immersion breaking.Combat depth and combos flow very smoothly and it doesn't feel ""jumpy"" like I did in One Piece Unlimited World Red.Stat complexity and customization is very deep and you can adjust particular characters stat priorities in any way you'd like to fit your (or the characters) play style. Of course, this isn't too big of a deal if you're playing on easy or regular because the game is easy on those settings, as it should be. Playing on hard should ensure a level of challenge to the point where character customization is something you should pay attention to and not ""auto assign"" your tokens.The cast! Any fan can appreciate the number of playable characters which have their own unique spin to them that depicts their fighting style or devil fruits very accurately to the manga/anime.Now time for some cons.I won't sugar coat these because they irk me.I use an Xbox One controller. But... for some reason, all the key prompts on the screen are still stuck as if I'm using my keyboard! This is immensely annoying for someone trying to start with the gamepad seeing as there is no real correlation between what button POSSIBLY COULD BE and what is mapped to the keyboard. So upon trying the game out on a gamepad for the first time, you'll have to do some trial and error. Which I did and I accidentally released my Kizuna Rush while there weren't a lot of enemies around. Annoying! Pls fix.This game is near impossible to play on the keyboard. This gets a line all of its own. Then again, this game was developed for consoles and controllers so take that as you will.Its a PS3 port! Noooooooo!! I didn't spend this kind of money on a computer of this caliber, to have Koei Temco port a version of the game from last gen. I'm very disappointed in this.And finally, the lack of an online co-op mode. This would have been a fantastic place to allow One Piece fans to meet and mingle through different mediums!All in all, this is a good game. It feels good, it looks and runs good, and it holds true to the One Piece story that we all know and love so much. Our favorite characters are portrayed very well and it SUUUUUUUUUUUUUUPERRRR satisfying to lead a huge group of enemies in line for a massive 100+ KO special :pKeep in mind that this is a fan game. Most people who aren't interested in the One Piece universe probably wont be picking up this game but if there is someone who you want to get into the story and hasn't been receptive, this could be a perfect opportunity to invite them over for some 2 player local co-op to ignite that beautiful spark and pass on this story to even more people."
76561198040928441,Recommended,331600,23560385,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,MapleHero,"I am going to say this now the controls are not that bad. Once you get the hang of them the game becomes very enjoyable.Anyway, this game is awesome and if you are a big One Piece fan then you will defenitly enjoy this game. The main story mode has you play through all the nastalgic arcs and you have the chance to unlock all of the nostalgic One Piece characters.But the fun really begins in the dream log mode where you can be any unlocked charecter and do missions that will allow you to unlock more charecters.Overall this game is fun and addicting. So grab your starw hat, your log post, and your SUPER nastagia goggles and get ready for the fanfair.See you on the grand line!!!"
76561198043962776,Recommended,331600,23555110,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Dogetaro,"You play this because you like One Piece, and if that's the case you'll like this game."
,Recommended,331600,17802129,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,eRavenz,goot
,Recommended,331600,17763371,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Jotaro's Dumb Face,Best $0.69 i've ever spent
76561198076065620,Recommended,331600,17767970,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Greed13,Super One !!! Absolutely Recommended for one who likes dynasty warriors for One Piece !!!
,Recommended,331600,17750560,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,The Birm,"This game is very similar to the Dynasty Warriors and 99 Nights games, but at the same time so much more. I haven't had as much with both a single player and co-op game in so long.Simple controls to pick up but takes time to master all controls. Timing is everything in this game. Yes you can button mash but you will not get all the objectives done this way.I will be spending alot of time unlocking everything and playing all the many missions.I do recommend playing this game with a controller as well as taking time to read the pop ups your first run. They do a good job in teaching you how to get the most out of each character and maximize your damage.Good luck in finding One Piece!"
,Recommended,331600,17758880,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Andras,"This is a new title in a well established, well received franchise, set in the world of One Piece. I'm not going to do an extensive review of the gameplay itself, but if you look at other reviews of the game and the Warriors series as a whole, you can probably figure out if this is the game for you.  Bonus points if you are a fan of One Piece.This game is faithful to the source material and truly delivers on the promise of getting to command the awesome power of your favorite characters.  Many players were worried about the quality of the PC port, given the developer's past with PC ports.  Thankfully, they've done a MUCH better job this time around. However, A controller is highly recommended, and if you use one, it won't have the actual button icons, so learning what buttons are what may take a little longer than it should. This is an annoyance at worst, though, and personally it didn't take me long to figure out what buttons do what.Do note however that this is not a suitable substitute for actually watching the series. Many plot points are relegated to short explanations in text boxes, with only major and iconic scenes getting cutscene time.Playable characters include all of the Strawhat Pirates, all Warlords of the Sea, all Navy Admirals (+ Garp), Whitebeard and Shanks, most primary antagonists from Grand Line story arcs (Enel, Magellan, etc.), and many more. Somewhat disappointingly, the only non-strawhat Supernova Rookie available to play is Law, but I can't complain, because it's mother♥♥♥♥ing LAW."
,Not Recommended,331600,24536340,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,DPV,"Premetto  che sono un appassionato della saga da quando ero un ragazzino.Il gioco in se non si presenta male...almeno dal menù.Diciamo che avevo grandissime aspettative.Giochi il primo livello ed è ok, pensi che comunque si evolverà e ci sarà la possibilità di sfruttare il gameplay...bhè, non è proprio così. E' abbastanza noioso e monotono. Si hai la possibilità di usare più personaggi per la storia ognuno con il suo set di mosse e di stili, però lo trovo parecchio statico perchè sono sempre gli stessi set di combattimento, non si evolvono troppo e c'è poca meraviglia nel creare un combattimento da spettacolo.Gli ambienti poi sono molto monotoni e con poca fantasia, non troppo studiati e nemmeno troppo lavorati per dargli quello stile caratteristico che Onepiece ti regala sia nel manga che nell'anime.I protagonisti sono ben curati e anche i nemici principali, i marines sono i marines, ma nemici come pirati o ribelli sono sempre gli stessi con colori della maglia diversa quando la sono di differenti fazioni e cambiano solo volto se sono zombie o uomini pesce. Potevo capire usare sempre gli stessi volti ma si sono sprecati poco per renderli caratteristici per ogni singolo livello. Per esempio mi aspettavo che i pirati di Bagy avessero una vestito diverso da quello di un uomo pesce o di uno zombie.La trama è tagliata così tanto che uno che non ha mai visto ne manga ne anime non ci capisce nulla.Molti personaggi sono stati completamente rimossi...e intendo un buon 75%.Ad esempio Jin il sottoposto di don Krieg, dimenticatevelo, non ci combatterete mai. O anche intere gang tipo (spoiler) in Dressrosa non ci sarà la ciurma di Doflamingo, niente Senor Pink, ne Lao G, Baby 5 ecc ecc... ma tanti ""Pacifista"".Tagli su tagli e le uniche scene clou sono quelle dove rufy o lufy o rubber le suona al nemico finale del livello...lo stesso non si può dire per dressrosa e Doflamingo...deludente.Mi dispiace tanto, ma davvero, da un successone di storia del genere mi aspettavo un qualcosa di davvero bello.Non avrei mai pensato che sarebbe stato tanto monotono."
,Not Recommended,331600,30299792,Posted: 3 March,all,►►►♂♀◄◄◄,PS4 Controller not supported........... :-(
76561198094803808,Recommended,331600,29347878,Posted: 18 January,all,VahidSlayerOfAll,"HUGE OP FANread all the mangawatched every episode, sub and dub5/10 story, they mess it up. If you dont know anything about op its hard to follow the story at times.7/10 gameplay, its got local co-op8/10 decent sized character roster. somebody made a mod so you can play every single person in the game.11/10 because One Piecethe DLC is kinda a scam90 hour into the game and still cant get all the charaters to level 5, they really need to change that."
76561197963465742,Recommended,331600,17778986,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Crashoveride,This is truly a game for anyone who is a fan of the Anime/Manga you get to play through the whole story from the start of luffy's journey all the way up to the island of Dressrosa so there is plenty to keep you intertained . Also on the plus side there is multiple game modes so if you don't feel like dealing with the story line you can go off and just sail to random islands and fight random enemy's. Over all this is a truly great game for any fan of the franchise. Also the character selection is quite massive ( so that means chances are you can play with your favorites most the time ).
76561197986482291,Recommended,331600,17765747,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Morty,"11/10 would KO Buggy again with an angry rabbit on steroids named Lapahn, because Japan."
,Recommended,331600,17774645,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Johnekaiser,"If you like One Piece (like me who is just starting to watch the anime) and really like DYNASTY WARRIORS 8: Xtreme Legends Complete Edition then you will love thisi just hope that they do a English Dubbed Dlc and some new character i mean come on not being able to play asDon Krieg who has a Bomb on a stick (with a spear),Morgan (who has a ♥♥♥♥ing axe for a hand/arm)Kuro WHO HAS KATANA CAT CLAWS,Alvida both Fat and Beautiful Verions (because the Beautiful one uses Devil Fruit Powers) andArlong who is a shark person with a blade bigger then himselfi can go on about other characters you cant play as likeWapol who has a Devil Furit Munch-Munch Fruit MEANING HE EATS EVERYTHING infact just take alook at this from his wiki pageWapol ate the Baku Baku no Mi, which allows him to eat virtually anything and take on its properties. Wapol has fairly excellent control over his Devil Fruit ability, although due to his stupidity and lack of speed this somewhat limits any other fighting abilities he could have. The first time he showed his Devil Fruit Power was when he ate a large chunk of the Going Merry when they met with the Straw Hat Pirates. He demonstrates this power many times against Monkey D. Luffy in acts such as merging his two advisers into a single warrior, or shooting bombs from his ""Baku Baku Factory"" pistol arms. Because of his seeming lack of combat prowess, he is heavily reliant on his Devil Fruit powers when stepping into a fight.Wouldint that be awsome to go around and eating an entire army into oblivionand personaly i wouldint mind seeing Gol D. Roger as a non canon DLC character wouldint it be Epic to destroy entire armys and powerful people as the Pirate King Himself"
76561198065587834,Recommended,331600,17778035,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,gillian155,simply awesome
76561198063320953,Recommended,331600,17762805,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,White beard,Sengoku basara fusion one piece hand over ur money
,Recommended,331600,17835628,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,MR.GOOGLES,anime 420/69
,Not Recommended,331600,25892452,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,IM FKIN BORED SAVE ME!,"I got this a day before it had a ♥♥♥♥ing sale on it.Actual criticism if you are a love One Piece and you only want the game to play on PC and have no other options avaible, and love One Piece like me get the game. You will love it and its perfect for One Piece fans. I love this game but I have a few things that really annoy me. This game was very confusing to use on keyboard for me, if you don't have a controller that connects to your and you really are putting thought into getting this game from my review then I wouldn't recommend it. The Logia type animation is messed up, and I heard they aren't gonna finish it. Sometimes can get lost in the battle and have no idea what I'm doing. I dont like not so good pc ports.And I got this a day before a sale."
,Recommended,331600,17860460,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Martin Mayonnaise,"You can use Robin's ""Cien Fleur: Grab"" move on different enemies.This automatically outweighs all the negatives."
,Not Recommended,331600,24910702,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,TenshiZero,"Afterglow Xbox One Controller isn't working with the game, i have read a few times now that there is a way to fix this but hey... a fullpriced game from a big studio and they are not able to support daily used pc gadgets? 0/10"
76561198054367561,Not Recommended,331600,23646479,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,zeppeleptic_fit,"Terrible controller support and woeful graphics. The gameplay seemed good and there is a wide range of playable characters. I really wanted to like this game, because it was showing potential, but the graphics and controller support were enough for me to request a refund."
,Recommended,331600,18026937,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Made Oka Wirahadi,Well Very FunMy Favorite......... Lu.... ffy...... LUFFY YOUNG (17)!!!
,Recommended,331600,17916966,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,thiz,"I am probably the only one on planet earth who bought a Wii U just for Hyrule Warriors and then sold it after getting every character to max level. Well whatever, but this should show you how much I like the genre and how much I am able to not care about missing things or wrong things in this game. I love every part about it, and I dont even care that its vita graphics, eat that.Yawn at people not understanding the Dress Rosa thing in this game is original and not based off of Oda's work.Yawn at people complaining its only 59 and not 60fps.Oh and my weird Wii U Pro Controller + Adapter combination works perfectly fine.Also this one just to make some more people angry:  Thank you so much Koei Tecmo for another awesome job <3"
,Not Recommended,331600,21583025,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Myth,"This is a broken game, but it shouldn't be because it's new? Just save your money, this one it broken since it's release."
,Recommended,331600,29004032,Posted: 4 January,all,Redrusty66,"this game will keep you HOOKEDEven for non-weeaboo fans it's GREAT and simpleI myself am a TREMENDOUS One-Piece fan so I know everything about the story but you can expirience this best if you haven't watched/read One Piece and wanna give it a go! Definitely recommended, Battle does not get repetitive as fast as one may think. There are 37 playable characters, and 27 NPC which can only assist you. Total 64 characters.The battle system is more fun than Dynasty Warriors. Pirate Warriors is a Musou game, that is to say it looks and plays like a Dynasty Warriors game, You can attack with a light attack, a heavy attack, a special ""Musou"" attack, as well as a few extra buttons that change depending if a character knows a certain ability or not. Good game, what else to say."
76561198092667430,Recommended,331600,23588203,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Niflheim,"Challenger people must play it cause there is many things to do in this gameBut the bad thing is gameplay everytime same  ""fight fight fight improve your character fight fight""But i recommended it"
76561198121680121,Not Recommended,331600,23872819,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,[FT:R] LordKiro711,If your looking for boring repetitive fighting with the same generic enemys then this is the game for you.
76561198087993129,Recommended,331600,23589647,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Amazo Potato,It looks fun but I don't have the requirements to play it
76561198158956285,Recommended,331600,17805101,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,PumaLocket,"I just think they need some fixes, some people act like this is the end of the game already"
76561198010679442,Recommended,331600,28103056,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,atomiclizard,"The game's controls are straight keyboard/controller. There is no mouse input at all, even in the menus. Mapping the moves to the controller is a bit hit-and-miss as the game lists the button numerically (button 1,2,3...) instead of logically (rt, lt, x-axis...). Also the training prompts just press primary attack button instead of press X for primary attack.As other players have said the combat gets repetitive but I think that's true for fighting-style games. There is a comical overtone which adds to the enjoyment of the game; one of the friendly NPCs is a panty thief (would you expect anything less from a Japanese anime game?).Really the only thing I found rather annoying is the constant need to abandon a fight to run and rescue the friendly NPCs.If you like fighting games you will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,331600,34821298,Posted: 8 September,all,@Quintessence_-,ОНЯММЭЭЭЭ
76561198119766521,Not Recommended,331600,22018140,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,dow,"not worth it even for a big one piece fan super lag with controller cant realy enjoy the game graphic is ps2. One piece warriors 2 for ps3 got better graphic.Your playing one piece on a pc with no online co-ops lan only they should highlight that more on steam, I purches one pieces with its dlc sale so it was a quick buy.Now im going to read everything steam write about their future games before purches.STEAM running a console game is a joke bad graphic no matter your using a gaming gpugame cant run balance or quality for video card setting only prerformance if u want to see them doing the team atk and not a black screen i learn my lesson console game stay in console and pc game on pc same ur self some headache and stay away even ps3 looks better then this and u can play online for some help"
76561197980429112,Not Recommended,331600,23633581,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Teehee0v0,This game is not playable with a mouse and keyboard. This game is a lazy attempt to port a game over  from Japanese version to North American. Cut scenes are vague compared to Narutos games. This is the first mainsteam game I have bought that I absolutely need a refund.
76561198062282094,Recommended,331600,17796534,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Hanma Baki,"I reccomand the game for all the one piece fans around the world ! Since it is the first one piece official game on Pc , you should buy it and experience the adventures of luffy and his crewmates in the grand line and the new world !I have been playing this game for more or less 20 hours and it's still fun ! I enjoy playing it !"
,Recommended,331600,17797191,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Marty Chang,"Yeah right now the graphic options aren't working other than resolution, but I still bought it anyways. I'm not needing this game to look perfect, but it runs absolutely perfect for me.YOUR MILEAGE WILL VARY. Some people are complaining about crashes and bugs, which I've yet to have. My afterglow 360 controller works fine.Anyways game is pretty fun, gives you a lot to do and Dream Log is like a dream come true. Make sure you play the game on hard difficulty otherwise the game is literally a cakewalk.5/5 mastapeece"
,Recommended,331600,17797527,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,red her aelic,"Pros:It's a One Piece gameI've never played  a Dynasty Warriors game so I'm not going to complain about it being just like oneThe combat is often times satisfyingThe game offers a very long story lineThe character list is hugeCharacter variety is hugeIt isn't cell shaded like other anime based games (Naruto, DBZ, etc.)Cons:Graphics settings are patheticGame is slightly repetetiveControls on the keyboard are awful(I play using a Logitech G13 and a Logitech G600 and I have bound my keys to where it is actually enjoyable to play but it is still pitiful that there are issues with using a controller and I am by no way saying that it's okay that my or anybody else's controllers refuse to work.)When your game is exited, it doesn't save any of the settings that you altered like audio or difficulty settings.The difficulty settings make the game way to easy.Overall the game is very fun and enjoyable. If you like One Piece and the storyline this could be the game for you.If you like the Dynasty Warriors feel, this could be the game for you.7.5/10Purely on graphics and control aspectsFix these and the game could easily be a 9/10 for me"
,Recommended,331600,17804720,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,deannugent95,massive fan of the show and i actually quite enjoy the gameplay but the game does seem to crash at the least convinient time.
,Recommended,331600,17801904,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Exterminatus,"TL;DRIf you like One Piece or Dynsty Warriors you probably like this one.The port is typical Koei Tecmo stuff. No mouse control, texture quality is quite bad even on ""High"". Definately played better with controller though I didn't have any problems playing on keyboard other than having to constantly reset the camera (I recommend you rebind the camera center key to Space or something like that). The game itself runs pretty smooth, no crashes, glitches or frame rate issues. Frame rate cap is configured or removed from the options menu, so at least there's that. Game has little-to-no AA and it can get a bit grating.The gameplay is typical Dynasty Warriors stuff - take control of some overpowered character and proceed to barrel through thousands of enemies until you win. There's little to no challenge even on ""Super Hard"" difficulty, gets a bit grindy and repetitive. Has a huge character roster and many of them have alternate move sets depending on their costumes, mostly version before and after the 2 year time skip in the story.The story covers all the major battles in the One Piece series up to and including an ""original story"" Dressrosa and takes quite a few liberties with it to make it fit the game. About 95% of minor/supporting characters are removed completely or replaced with generic NPCs. The rest of the story is told either in simplified cutscenes or in text summaries. Overall a faithful but lacking interpretation."
,Recommended,331600,17803500,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Zyro,IF YOU ARE A FAN JUST BUY IT!AWESOME!!
76561198120257606,Recommended,331600,17806568,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,NyaNyaNyaa~,A must buy game for One piece fan. The graphic is not as good as expected and is hard to play without a proper controller. But as time goes one will get used to playing it on the keyboard and the amount of fun outweighs the cons( control).
,Recommended,331600,23488353,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,skal !!,one love
76561198145138897,Recommended,331600,17763652,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Donas,Es un buen juego la verdad lo recomiendo al 100
,Recommended,331600,17755533,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Roman Reign,Awesome :)
76561198006867055,Recommended,331600,17764573,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Leggings,"Fun♥♥♥♥♥hell, thats all you need to know."
76561198053007248,Recommended,331600,17762843,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Lord Fappington,"If you are a One Piece fan, this game is a must buy. Incredibly fun, tons of characters, and much more. I definitly recommend. Zoro is the man."
76561198068569022,Recommended,331600,17762802,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Prinny,Great game. First day I played 9 hours of it. I was playing at 7 pm next thing I know it's 4 am. Buy this instead of Pirate Warriors 1 or 2. You dont need those.
,Recommended,331600,17923161,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Dujiansia,missing lots of char from the show :(
76561198055899281,Recommended,331600,24288795,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Moosehead700,"This game is a lot of fun! Love the anime (Even though it took me months to start from the begining to get to Dressrosa ark) The characters are just as you know them :) I had a game killing glitch that couldnt make me finish the last and final boss fight w Doflamingo. I was forced to play the same match 5 times before giving up then i just set everything to low quality (In fear of having it do it AGAIN) The graphics arent that great for a PC game but since i dont have a PS4 Cause i mainly play PC, also im an xbox typa guy, i was glad that the game basically works perfect and i had a lot of fun! I wish to the anime gods they would add multiplayer options :( it doesnt have much replay value because of that. 8/10"
,Recommended,331600,23577984,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Phelion,"If you actually like one piece and dynasty warriors style games, go for it and buy it. The game includes great cutscenes from the anime in 3d which is pretty great in my opinion."
76561198114842950,Recommended,331600,23028572,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,666,Nice...
76561198170168687,Recommended,331600,22906203,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,UnhappyCriminal,its a fun and awesome game and it pretty much tells the story and fight
76561198100189502,Recommended,331600,23162927,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Whyy.,Great
,Recommended,331600,23372247,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,American Nidiot,"It's officially an addiction, even with the bugs/glitches surrounding hair and other little things (it just makes it even funnier in my opinion)."
,Recommended,331600,33196052,Posted: 3 July,all,Zalatuna,IS GOOD
76561198348304641,Recommended,331600,29199042,Posted: 12 January,all,Tjmillione,Love this game to bits
,Recommended,331600,29196603,Posted: 11 January,all,三粒蛋 ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ,Nice game for imbalance status
76561198198109413,Not Recommended,331600,29278571,Posted: 15 January,all,ONE PIECE 87,want it to continue
76561198091247521,Recommended,331600,18633380,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Hellraiser,Fun
,Recommended,331600,29172949,Posted: 10 January,all,Minato Arisato,Pretty fun but got to turn off the sound because of the annoying japanese voices.
,Recommended,331600,25302687,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,BNK 48 Is Coming,best game 8/10best boobs♥♥♥♥♥100/10im gonna be pirate king!♥nico robin♥
76561198021483481,Not Recommended,331600,26402435,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Tox,"One piece pirate warrior ... wellso first dont expect to understand the story on this game if you havent wotch the manga itself , its really really bad explained ,  you simply can't do the link between each episode , so many information is missing   you jsut can't get catch in the univer of one piece just with that  ... it been a big desapointeemnt  i expected it lot better ..then the graphics .. HELLO this game has been release in  2015 ?! so why is that so bad ?   seriously  i know its still a dynasty warrior but damn you could  have made a little effort on it ...next , the difficulty and the improvement systeme ... you reach the lvl max really quickly  and the upgrade systeme is too simple and easy , there is actualy no difficulty to get  your charactere lvl max , also  they made  some rare pieces  mainly to unlock the lvl max of your charactere , but seriously why would you waste your time to get those 1 by 1  when you beat the hardest difficulty in nightmare mode  without  any problemes ? like seriously  in this mode you have 83 mission and only 4 / 5 are really hard  and interesting ... all the other are clear in less that 10 minutes , its just boring  and you can't get the motivation do clear it all cause its so repetitive and  you get / unlock nothing by doing that .i i havent talk  about the characteres yet  ... just 90 % of them are weak and useless , there .To me this game is just a joke ,i 've got it for 15€  and i'm sure its only very possitive cause the popularity of the manga . spend 50 € and u will feel really bad to own it on your library ."
,Recommended,331600,23811046,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Drakofrostbite,Despite some bad translations this game is an addictive Warriors game with tons of One Piece characters and content that gives you a good time waster to play when you just feel like having mindless fun
,Recommended,331600,31686969,Posted: 11 May,all,' HAHAHA ',xD
76561198094104785,Recommended,331600,19413564,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Katakuri©,The game is very nice :D !
,Recommended,331600,19866315,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,ラーメン  Ramen,Game play is very smooth but not sure if its my computer but none of the enemys hold their weapons or their hair is jsut floating around.
76561198082576460,Recommended,331600,20118002,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,FrostySoulReaper,Great game
,Recommended,331600,20145205,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Wicked,Gomu Gomu No Bazoookaaaaa !!!!Good Game :D
,Recommended,331600,20014882,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Seany Boy Jap Rap,"I am a fan of One Piece. I was debating at first whether to get this game or not, because it does cost quite some money, but i ended up buying it. In my opinion, it was worth every penny. If you are as insanely indecisive as me, DONT THINK, BUY IT. YOU HAVE NO TIME TO THINK. IT'LL BE OK.     EVERYTHING IS FINE."
,Recommended,331600,19518246,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,♥Kuroneko-Chan,"If u Anime lover, TOP FANS for ONEPIECE. No comment just buy it !all the game chapter folow the ORI Story in ONEPIECE !"
,Recommended,331600,20128462,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,ArmacTheWarrior,"I have too much fun with this game.Granted I'm a huge (though recent) One Piece nerd, and am likely pretty easy to please when it comes to brawly-type games like this."
76561198258465096,Recommended,331600,20036698,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,chop chop,very good game (:
,Recommended,331600,19444134,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Deceit,GG
,Recommended,331600,32964399,Posted: 28 June,all,Doni,Great to play with a Controller
76561198171146322,Not Recommended,331600,35042151,Posted: 18 September,all,Steve_Taro,"It is sad to say this, but I wouldn't recommend you guys to buy this game if you're not big fan of One Piece. The game is pretty repetitive as like as general Mugen game. The task is quite simple, which is hit hit hit and protect outpost and several thing following One Piece story. The game itself is an okay game. It is fun game i would say, but after 3 hrs of your time you will feel bored easily because it lacks of variety of mission like Far Cry 3 or Assassin's Creed 2. Anyway I give this game 6.6 out of 10. I will keep playing it because I wanna unlock everything in this game as big fans of this series."
,Recommended,331600,24937749,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Koito,(y)
,Recommended,331600,24903328,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,เน็ตทรูหน้าหี,เพลินๆๆ + มันชิบหาย
76561198062675963,Recommended,331600,30082914,Posted: 21 February,all,YUFFY - [หยุม],It's freaking awesome.
76561198198934853,Recommended,331600,25960698,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,StefTan21,Good game can you add steam cloud please thanks
,Recommended,331600,24802152,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,ＢＹＡＫＵＲＩＮ,Best Anime Based Game I Think ..
76561198092773624,Recommended,331600,24798395,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Habina,8/10
76561198061771585,Not Recommended,331600,24235427,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,joxertm22,"Bought this on sale.Thank god.This is one of those games where you're not sure what is the game trying to be.Camera is horrible, KB controls even worse.Milking fans of the manga/anime at it's worst.Played less than half an hour, this game is no fun. A game is supposed to be - fun.I'll try to get a refund."
,Recommended,331600,23177793,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Lz[A].Kashii,SUCH AMAZING GAME.. BUT I HOPE I CAN PLAY THIS ONLINE.. BUT STILL.. GAME WORTH THE PRICE... LOVE IT!
,Recommended,331600,23292648,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Acer0ne,is gud
,Recommended,331600,18245645,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Führer Aeri,"Love it. Get it if you love One Piece,"
,Not Recommended,331600,29033311,Posted: 5 January,all,:D,BLACK SCREEN JUST TOO OPI CAN'T PLAY AT ALLBUT SOME REASON IT SAYS I PLAYED FOR COUPLE HOURS ( SAME GOES TO NEWEST NARUTO GAME )STILL WAITING ON THE PATCH...SORRY FOR CAPS
76561198297704539,Recommended,331600,24277329,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Lancelot,Gr8 m8 8/8
76561198012856320,Recommended,331600,24259669,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Varkie,Nxt Lvl aWesoMe!
,Recommended,331600,25737044,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,NPercyC,"invite my sister to play with mepick only character that have too much effect while attacke.g. use fujitora skill on her charactervery fun too annoying my sister 100/1play in hardcore mode, we're die too fast. loljust start playing this game after purchased on steam salesthis game is fun more than OP Burning Bloodtry hard to unlock everything, skills, character level, crew level, wanted poster coinsf..k my life and then download oppw3.ctf..k my life again, modified save with mistake. that save are terrible and not fun at allstart over again at beginning. still cheat with some coins and moneyyeah, it's funyou dont need to waste your life for unlock everything"
76561198058407283,Recommended,331600,25742330,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Viccen,That's pretty neat
76561198097726153,Recommended,331600,25596653,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Lord ZongaZonga,Actually better than the original dynasty warriors
76561198145032738,Recommended,331600,33693960,Posted: 21 July,all,귀를 기울이면,"i not interested about one piece, but 9/10 for the game (y)"
76561198195101609,Recommended,331600,32635084,Posted: 21 June,all,cobunder2,love this game
,Recommended,331600,32582390,Posted: 19 June,all,shuN,Pretty good
,Not Recommended,331600,35274190,Posted: 28 September,all,Unfried,"I wish i could recomend this game. i really do. Loved those Warrior games since the ps2. But if you want to play this game on pc with a controller (in my case a Xbox 360 controller) you will have the worst experience. It says ""Partial Controller Support"", but i played games with no mentioned controller support at all, in which the controller worked better. And thats actually it. There is nothing else i could critisise about this game. The story is great, even if you dont know the show or the manga, you will understand whats going on. Gameplay is just as youd expect from a game from the warrior series. Graphics are nice too. But that missing controller support... sorry, but that just brakes the game."
,Recommended,331600,30247892,Posted: 28 February,all,[Epicerus],this game is awesome if you are a fan of op. worth the money
,Not Recommended,331600,23574618,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,UsagiSensei,"-no controller support (wtf, isnt this a console port?)-cannot map gamepad controls to my gamepad (ok bandai, xbox controller is not a gamepad appearently. im just a pc tech and a gamer, what do i know.)-controls mapped on keyboard feel like they were made by someone who just placed a gamepad on top of a keyboard and mapped it like thatother than these issues, i cant review anything else about it. 8 minutes in the controls setup menu is the extent of my experience.back in my day of games, games were tested before they were released. issues like this would stop a game from being published and sent back to develpoment to avoid garbage like this. techmo used to mean something to a gamer, now its like the trash that we call activision now"
,Recommended,331600,17750895,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,BenCollins469,YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSS Finally a one piece game on steam :DDD
76561198059954760,Recommended,331600,22569385,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Moxy,"although the game had a bad non-story like ending, the gameplay was amazing."
,Recommended,331600,17789274,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,miςђO_e,Awesome Game to relife the story of One Piece :>
,Recommended,331600,17757980,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Arsen,"One Piece is love, One Piece is life ;)"
,Recommended,331600,17986394,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Mia Ishata,"So i bought this game, played plenty of it, or rather still do at around 40 hours barely having anything finished. (Quiet alot to do in here espicially since there are 64 characters in this.) But i notice alot of complaints about little to nothing worth of reason.Those i notice most:1. Mouse/Keyboard controls. Lolwut? There are not even mouse controls, and i S-Rank half this♥♥♥♥♥♥with keyboard controls i dont see a problem here.2. Graphics. Havent we talked about this trillions of times since past COD that grafics have no impact on your gameplay experience? There are plenty of high graphic games that are complete trash :D. No seriously tho this is from a Anime, you cant expect Ultra high quality grafics from something that is supposed to have those comic grafics with them. Not like those 3 or 4 extra lines in their facial expression does anything.3. Missing Customes: To be fair. They never said any about that, you actually get a activation key you can enter on their homepage for those.As for the crashes and bugs, i never experienced any and my Computer about 3 years old and of medium quality. And i run this game on max settings.Enough of that, now about the game:While i only watched about 100 episodes of this extremly long running Anime (Which is at over 700 Episodes right now) I can fairly say it got alot of fanservice, In dreamlog you can have all the 64 characters in the core game fight against each other for whatever reason in a lore-friendly/unfriendly fashion which sometimes trigger special ingame-sideconversation, which has no deep impact tho. And like you would expect from a Dynasty Warriors spin off almost every character got alot of flashy and stylish attacks. Complete eyecandy for the friends of this Anime.As said im not a anime fan but i still enjoy this because you can aswell be just a Dynasty Warriors fan to play through it, unlike other spin offs the story is actually well developed by plenty of cutscenes and inbetween comic segments which are partially animated. Good touch, and they did a good job having it 1:1 with the anime.As for the gameplay. Sufficient Graphics, The animation of the characters are very good.. including the breastphysics of those for some reason well endowed ladies which i do not recall having a chest like that in the anime... but hell why not. And the voice acting sounds reasonable to the translation given in text.. which i may be wrong about since this game offers no english audio. Never bothered me however.The sound is.. eeh.. its easy to notice that some tracks are about 10~15seconds loops, least it tries to mix up the many clips during the mission objectives.So thats all the positive things.. so whats bad to tell about the game eh?Its rightfully called 'Overpriced' for a originally portable title, And they expect you to pay for big bucks for story DLCs ontop of that, which is sorta a let down but BandaiNamco never really cared about their customers wishes and wallets aslong the money went into theirs. What you get in this game is 64 Playable Characters, a Story mode that covers about 150~200 episodes of the anime (Without DLCs, im not sure how many they cover precisley) And a Dreamlog mode which covers no story aspect beside the last fight with *Spoiler* which is the pre-last island on it. Which can keep you busy for maybe 40h~60h in total depending how quickly you bumrush the game.On another note there are characters which are not very well balanced, Appears that most of the female characters are too gimmicky to show any efficiency compared to most of the male characters.. not to flame any feminism but i found myself avoiding to pick females despite of the treasure events. Its also easy to notice the further you go through the store the more powerful do the characters get, which is fine. But eventually they become walking nukes spitting AoEs everywhere without much of a effort.Lastly is the usually repeated problem of the games repetitive nature, which seemed to have gotten no solution whatsoever regardless of how long this franchise and their spinoffs go already. There feels to be no real attempt of changing that even in this one.So, my verdict?Wait for a sale. It's a fair game for about 25$ But its not worth a triple A price. Espicially since it was closely released along with Phantom Pain where you can see the 'pain'ful difference of quality of a AAA Game and a repetitive Copy/Paste game that has been reskinned.Makes this game overall NOT a bad game. Gets my thumbs up."
,Recommended,331600,17764040,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,RenceKaiGarcia,"i played this via Steam and the game is enjoyable to play not until my fingers suffers because of the controls... The camera control aint good, cant use mouse to freely see the surroundings...it would be better of the control set up is like:Mouse to see the surroundingMouse1 for normal attackMouse 2 for heavy attackW,A,S,D for movementAny keys near W,A,S,D  for Kizuna Rush and Special attackSpace bar for front cameraand other stuff that will make gamers life easier in navigating during gameplay....I tried using my PS4 controller and I can't even use all of the buttons and can't use the 2nd analog stick so that I can see the surroundingsSadly, you did not think well enough how gamers would be feel when they play this on PC and you just releases the game without considering these kind of basic issues.. Issues which makes PC gamers produce bad comments about the game. Game controls is part of the gaming experience and if you cant release a patch to improve it, then PC gamers will keep giving this game a bad rating...It may be good in Playstation but the control suck in PC. I will still recommend this game because its fun to play aside from the controls"
,Recommended,331600,17769439,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,AceBammers,"Do you like Dynasty Warriors? Do you like One Piece? That's good man. That's real good. Hmm? What! You don't have the game yet? Then what are you waiting for? You should've bought this game already!Hopefully you have a controller though. You're going to need it. It takes a bit to figure out which buttons are mapped up with the controller you have and what few keyboard keys you'll have to press. For me, so far, I've only used the keyboard to change which character helps me in battle. Two buttons, that's it. Not a big a deal. The other keyboard keys are mainly for changing camera settings or minimap positioning. Not at all necessary to play and enjoy the game.Expect Japanese voice acting with english subs (other subbed languages as well). I've always watched the One Piece anime that way so it feels right at home with me. Make sure you're confortable with that.Once you can get past these minor obstacles you'll realize how kickass and fun this game is!"
,Recommended,331600,17759496,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,OG Future,"This game I instantly downloaded it after it came out and all I can say is incredible, gameplay is fun alwase at 60 fps and graphics arent bad neither but there is just one problem that im having and ruins the whole experience; A saving issue and with this bug in the game i cant get nowhere because the game never saves even though it said it saved so once they fix this problem this game will be 10/10*Found out How to fix saving issue and game is flawless!*Though I would like mouse support its still the best time waster and just funn af"
76561198116548437,Recommended,331600,17765483,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,TheNightwing,This is a fantastic game. I am loving every moment of it. If you are a One Piece fan this is a must buy. The only problem i have had so far is during parts of the game the audio sometimes cuts out this could be of overheating on my PC or headphones cause i have not seen any one else mention this kind of problem. Other than that is game has all the charm of the show and that makes it even more fun to play.5/5
,Recommended,331600,17766521,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Wehrmacht DOGE,"I have been loving this game in it's entirety, thought the graphics bug fix is gonna make me love this game more !"
,Recommended,331600,17779938,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Kite,"Impressions:I only played through the prologue a few times, however from what I see it follows the anime. The port quality is not as good as the PS4 version.  PC version is missing extra shader system added to the PS4 version and the the PC version only supports local coop instead of online. PC version looks like PS3 version except it can render at 1080p max.Positives:- It follows the anime.- Action gameplay like Dynasty warriors.Negatives:- Max 59fps, currently causing issues such as screen tearing or occasional stutter. Hopefully this will be fixed because DW8 does not have this issue.- Max 1080p, I don't know of a way to to force higher render resolutions.- No online multiplayer, however there is local coop.- No English dub.- PC version does not include PS4's ""New shader system (Program that sets the different renderings of light, texture, shading and effects post-processing, among others ...)Source:http://www.ps4france.com/interview-avec-hisashi-koinuma-et-koji-nakajima-producteurs-de-one-piece-pirate-warriors-3-100438/Recommendation: If you have PS4 then buy PS4 version instead. Even though the port quality is lacking to me I still recommend PC version as a second alternative.Prologue I have recorded on hard mode:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uVKHP5olNUE"
76561198029054199,Recommended,331600,17759708,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,THAT RED DEDEDE,If you are a one piece fan i recomend this game its great.
,Recommended,331600,23561157,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,LVL 99 Slime,A Great game a quick synopsis of the true story and the battles. doesn't go off script but it does shorten it to a tenth of what really happens.
76561198104573978,Recommended,331600,17754987,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,被人禁言了 MUTED 999 Hours,"I recommend this game for One Piece fans. It is quite interesting and fun.But I would like to let you know this game almost exactly same with Dynasty Warrior.I am a One Piece fans, so I can't stop myself to give my money to valve, even I know how the game is going. :DIt is different feeling when you using Luffy/his crew to fight compared to Dynasty Warrior xD."
,Not Recommended,331600,23655640,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Gespenst Gaming,Do not buy this game. It's unplayable if you want to use a gamepad because the camera just spins in place.
,Recommended,331600,23574665,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Gorthannis,Grate game so far. Steam controler FTW!
,Not Recommended,331600,32775554,Posted: 25 June,all,tong.vdoproduction,Window 10 can't save the game.
,Not Recommended,331600,21395350,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,contagious,What is the point in writing anything constructive when every other review isn't?
,Recommended,331600,28350997,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Cooler,"dynasty warrior style, not my thing, still recommend cause its one piece beaches, weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeb"
76561198017049661,Not Recommended,331600,25945106,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Skull Dad,"This game has, in the past 2 days since i bought it, had more crashes and just problems in general than every other steam game i own combined. Constant crashes at cutscenes, especially the cutscenes after defeating a major character. the game takes a few attempts to actually start itself and occasionally when it does it is stuck on the menu screen. Occasionally, it will start flashing black and the game will stop working.Saying that, it is somewhat bareable for a great one piece experience when it actually works. i would recommend this in the sales if you want a fun and fairly cheap game to play."
,Recommended,331600,17817960,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Blue,"Love this game! Is fun playing sorta repeating but love how it follows the story, love to play characters according to what happens in the anime/manga! Def would replay"
76561197991350022,Recommended,331600,17807146,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Diego Superkick,"I'm going to be blunt.They'll cry to you because the graphics aren't akin to the PC master race.They'll complain that they already knew that the port was going to be bad yet bought it anyway.They'll criticise that its a repetetive themed button masher with a storyline.They'll cash in on that too, its not like this was made by Koei or anyth- Oh wait.I've logged a small life-time of hours on Dynasty Warriors, Pirate Warriors, if theres a Warriors after a word I would've played it to as close as 100% I could muster. Its to the extreme where I actually own this in both its Japanese and English variants on my console also.. And if you're here you should look up any gameplay footage immediatly before even considering a purchace, as a 30 minute video will show the entire mechanical requirement of the game, of any X Warriors game.The story is One Piece in its truest form in the series yet, and that makes me scream like a kawaii school girl. The music is already on my playlists, I've spent 4.3 hours to this review on two levels trying to figure out legend quests because I have a unhealthy completionist attitude. If you want to punch through a fighting adaptation of an anime series that sets a pillar of its foundation on fighting in a really cool fashion with the Koei twist of doing it quite basically and literally through thousands of faceless and occasionally cool faced people? This is your game, if at any point you decided this review was boring, this is not your game."
,Recommended,331600,17810359,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,~McC~,You will like it if your a OnePiece fan
76561198039224074,Recommended,331600,17806342,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Salt10,"A must have for every One piece fan, very nice game!"
76561197976454511,Recommended,331600,17813979,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,rokuman,"This is the first time that I have had a part of any musou series on PC, and in all honesty I am glad that it is One Piece. The difference between this and the PS3 version are, in truth cosmetic, so I'll instead say that it plays perfectly well, even with a PC controller. This game is a must to have if you are a fan of One Piece, or even if you've been curious but don't want to sink hundreds of hours into watching/reading the series. Now, it doesn't include ALL the events of One Piece, and anyone who gets this game without knowing the source materiall will hopefully want to learn the rest, but it's still a fun game that presents a decent level of challenge, without being hair pullingly hard."
,Recommended,331600,22968641,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Paper,keren bingit dah
,Recommended,331600,17825755,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,skavenqs,Great game even if we don't have a lot of choice as one piece fan and pc gamer.Gameplay is basic but you should not expect more for a beat'em all.
,Recommended,331600,18025028,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Mochi Boy,"Very fun to play alone or with friends locally, 8.5/10"
76561198036567375,Recommended,331600,23411364,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,magnus0073,I am a huge One PIece fan and instantly fell in love with this game.
76561198255149084,Not Recommended,331600,24152819,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,WEAK LION,very bad game dont buy it>>>لا احد يشريها ياشبابحتى مع عشقي لون بيسلكن اللعبة ذي الاخطاء فيها تحوم التسبدالكمراء تودر ماتقدر تلعبحتى يد الاكسبوكس الدعم فيها سيء جداًلا احد يشريها أبداً
76561198081793995,Recommended,331600,17753037,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,tfazz97,WOW I its everything i hoped and more
76561198061246865,Recommended,331600,17765022,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,NejisRocks,"Pros:- The graphics are actually smoother than those of OP: PW 2.- Models look outstanding, they are even more anime-ish than in the last installment.- Runs in 60 FPS on a medium-high machine, with mostly High settings.- Kizuna Rush is seriously amazing, especially with those new fancy names, hits a fan's heart instantly.- Coin System has been simplified and improved!- A lot of extra minor and a few major characters have been added (some of them are downright OP; looking at you, Shanks).- The Storyline has been tailored quite well (you can notice that at the very start, since you can't use Zoro during the Baratie mission).- Controls are mapped out quite well, however if you plan on playing with the X1 controller, you might encounter slight difficulties with certain characters and their RB moves, especially if they are chargeable.- OST has been chosen quite carefully and it works dang well on most stages.- Random messages from allied / enemy units have been reduced significantly.Cons:- Unplayable with a keyboard (duh?).- Keyboard buttons in the menus while using a X1 controller.- Not as intuitive as some people might want the game to be.- Only for die-hard One Piece fans or connoisseurs of the Musou games.Overall rating:9/10 for One Piece fans (no original soundtrack, a few scenes have been tweaked, some minor characters are missing)+8/10 for Dynasty Warriors fans (it will take you some time to get into the universe, but it will be worth it)I don't really reccomend this game to people that are unfamiliar with both One Piece and the Musou genre, it might be too confusing / overwhelming / repetitive."
76561198086574414,Recommended,331600,17780520,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Jon Thor,I got bored of the game :(Played for 3 hours. It just didn't feel right for me.
76561198073129012,Recommended,331600,17759147,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Necromancer,"Such a great game, if you are a Dynasty Warriors freak like me and if you have been watching One Piece for 10+ years, then this♥♥♥♥♥♥right here is your weed to smoke. Can't complain about anything, playing it on the highest settings. However you should own a gamepad, otherwise it may get difficult.Specs: Intel Core i7-5500U CPU 2.4ghz16gb RAMGeforce GT840(Laptop)Edit: Just finished the original story, it's ♥♥♥♥ing awesome, get it!"
,Recommended,331600,17749548,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Funny Horse Cartoon,"Run around as a pirate and beat up other pirates and marines.  You got a rubber guy, a guy with 3 swords, a guy who kicks with fire, a trickster sniper guy, an American robot, a singing skeleton, a cute lil reindeer guy, and hot anime babes.  Game follows the story pretty closely so that's cool, but of course some stuff is left out. Lotta replayability and side content.Port isnt all that great but it runs fine and looks decent enough.  Make sure you use a gamepad.  All in all, pretty decent port, considering Koei's history with the PC.Get this game if you wanna be Pirate King and make friends along the way~~Read the manga too while you're at it :-]"
76561198028388144,Not Recommended,331600,23739613,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,onieyez,if you have windows 10 and want to play with an xbox one controllerwell Good Luck with that
76561197985536821,Not Recommended,331600,23981624,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Linkostaja,Controls are so bad! Mayby better if you have gamepad or something else.
76561198040153898,Not Recommended,331600,24028998,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Deylendor,If you don't own a controler.. don't even bother.
76561198001633270,Not Recommended,331600,24034351,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,stargazer4,"Hate not recommending, because this is not so much about the game but the controller not working for me.  My reason for returning the game was because of the controller.  It would not work with an XBOX 1 controller.  I tried the forums and tried a couple of different ways to get it to work but no luck.  Its probably on my end but just be sure you try to get the controller to work before the two weeks/2hr thing burns up for you.  I did try to play it with keyboard a mouse for a bit and it just was not fun...again for me.  Going to pick it up on PS4.Kind of crazy that at this point controller support for a game that was ported with controller support can happen cleanly.  Guess there are tech reasons.  Anyway kind of sad I can't play it on pc.  Again not saying its a bad game just make sure you can get the controller to work for you if you need it."
,Not Recommended,331600,24123721,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Atmey,"Decent game, but horrible port, the game freezes during cutscenes, nothing more irritating that finishing the episode then getting stuck at a blackscreen."
76561198252309128,Recommended,331600,20003973,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Hoi,"The game is utterly brilliant and im having a blast! (Maybe because im watching the anime aswell)But on Drum Island when I go and fight Wapol everytime I try the level my game crashes, of cousrse it might be because I have a bad laptop but I think there should be some solutions that can help me.My laptop is a Windows 7 Samsung,"
,Recommended,331600,19310944,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,NonongNJ,Amazing game 10/10
,Recommended,331600,20127070,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,aw crap....,".......yeah, its ok"
76561198151003905,Recommended,331600,19910104,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,meguming,very cool!!!
76561198191106747,Recommended,331600,18987450,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,前列腺法师,You should have it as an one piece fan. At least ACE still alive here！！：）
76561198124828800,Not Recommended,331600,28891380,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,They'll Never Know,I played the game and it was fine and the next day it was just a blank grey screen
,Recommended,331600,23599069,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Juhtarr,<3
,Recommended,331600,23834688,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,iM.babey.mi3g_nZ,i cant stop to play this gamethis is awesome!!!
76561198310573235,Recommended,331600,24804087,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,NOT A MINCRAFT YOUTUBER,the fucing controlls not a bad game
,Not Recommended,331600,24142601,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,unemployed black astronaut,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xIu_8oJc_ac
76561198193794805,Not Recommended,331600,24521293,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,MetalCrow448,"I would love to recommend this game. So I will, do yourself a favor and get it on PS4, If you're a fan of either One Piece or the Warriors series, you should get this game. Although, if you're not familiar with the Story of One Piece, you should read the manga, or at least play the first two Pirate Warriors games, which can be found on PSN, for PS3. Unfortunately, the controller support, for this version of the game, might as well be non-existent. Which is what ultimately kills this version of the game."
76561198206146900,Recommended,331600,25824678,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Ayyystar,Awesome graphics...kepp it up :)
76561198086721965,Recommended,331600,19174663,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Oreo Cookie,Best One Piece game out there!
,Recommended,331600,32689903,Posted: 23 June,all,ублюдок,recommended
76561198036233434,Not Recommended,331600,28164144,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,hushicho,"To start, I will say this:Pirate Warriors 3is addictive fun for any fan of theMusou/Warriorsseries. However, to those who either aren't fans of the series or aren't fans ofOne Piece, there's nothing here for you. Move on.The game is standardMusou/Warriorsfare, except with characters from the inexplicably long-running seriesOne Piece. As you may have guessed, I'm not particularly a fan; the writing, though never superb, has plummeted to levels comparable to the execrableNaruto. Fortunately, there's only one mode that forces you through the story. Unfortunately, that mode is also the mode where all the Free Mode stages and some character unlocks come from, and it regrettably glosses over some of the best stories in the whole series and then, later, dwells on some of the absolute worst, reaching a nadir of saturation comparable to other well-known series likeDragon Ball Z.Some of the mechanics of gameplay seem designed to frustrate; anything that you can do, your enemies -- no matter what level -- seem able to supersede any action you might take. If you should hit harder, they somehow will manage to outdo you every time, even grunts. You also can't jump at will in this game, which is a personal pet peeve in action game controls, but I will admit that it has fairly little impact overall on gameplay. There is a certain grace, a certain balance to achieve, but it's remarkably hard to figure out for a rather fundamental aspect of a game.It doesn't help that the game is buggy (not Buggy, n.b.) and at times will be outright unfair to the player due to serious glitches. For example, in some (thankfully few) stages where you're required to prevent enemies from reaching a point -- or the stage ends in defeat, often inexplicably -- it will register them as having reached the point even when they aren't anywhere close, or you've already defeated them. There's no real explanation for this, and there's no solution for it but to learn the stages and act faster than the automated events.However, the game does have a lot of fun to it. The characters each feel different in terms of play. The game itself doesn't feel like your usualMusougame either: it has distinct controls that are unique to each character. It feels more like a properOne Piecegame taking advantage of an experienced studio to realize it, which is a definite advantage. There are also multiple costumes for most characters already in the game, so it's not something trying to pressure you into buying DLC ad nauseam. The costumes are there, and you can grab them if you want to. But they're just costumes, and as for the stages attached to the packs, they're not really super special. The game does, at the very least, offer plenty of variety and enjoyment for those who like this sort of thing.And there are so many characters! It's a bit confusing why some characters were playable and others weren't, though, especially with them being in the game but strangely not able to be played. It's also unfortunate (unless there's some way to do it that I don't know) that you can't equip someone with specific support before going out to a certain stage. You're stuck with whomever your allies happen to be on any given stage. Boo. It's especially unfortunate that particularly important characters like Vivi aren't even given in-game representation, but far less significant characters turn up and sometimes are even playable! What's up with that?ButPirate Warriors 3is not without its problems, and these are typical problems for the more modern crop ofMusou/Warriorsgames, especially the ones attached to series and franchises. LikeBerserk Musou(but perhaps not as much a chore to play),Pirate Warriors 3really should be considered before purchase. Watch some videos. See if you really mesh with its gameplay. Some of the characters are a delight to play, like Ivankov, and others seem to have been programmed by someone who hated them. There's a tremendous imbalance to them, and it's to the point where characters who aren't good against certain opponents (I'm looking at you, Sanji) are pretty much useless to the point of being unplayable.It's a fun enough game, obviously, but if you're not aMusou/Warriorsfan or aOne Piecefan, you will not enjoy it. It's just not solid enough to have a broad appeal beyond its twin fanbases. And that's a shame, since even though I don't think much ofOne Pieceat this point, I can usually find enough to enjoy in aMusou/Warriorsgame. With this latest group of games, it's been much more of a challenge. You have to be determined to love them, and that feels like an unfortunate development."
,Not Recommended,331600,23206472,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Mikazuki,"Pros :- Well Optimized 60fps.- Have a nice in game soundtrack.Cons :- to many Graphical bug.- Bad porting from PS3.- Repetitive gameplay.- No control Promts for xbox 360 make me so confuse when i see keyboard mapping in game     instead x360 controller.- to many blurry image in game cutscene its like you wacthing porn.I dont know why i spend 110 hours gameplay on this game LOL,well i guess♥♥♥♥♥me right???"
,Not Recommended,331600,23588340,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,SPERAH,Where the Xbox One controller support at? Fighting bots with spinning camera is a no no
,Recommended,331600,17767107,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,[?],"No Reason To Hate one piece game ..i play in console and pcController=good for meGraphic=good  for meStory line= if you not one piece lover this story come for begin luffy meet the crewDlc=really awesome for meand i need more ...... LoLi really love manga ,anime and game one pieceso dont recommend to buy itGO SAIL"
,Not Recommended,331600,17776578,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Koyvan,this ain't bobobo
,Recommended,331600,17753099,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,NEKU,Freaking awesome!!Character is awesome!!Gameplay is awesome!!Storyline is awesome!!DLC is awesome!!Buy it it's awesome!!60 FPS is awesome!!One Piece is awesome!!Pc port is awesome!!Oppai is awesome!!EVERYTHING IS AWESOME!!
,Recommended,331600,22757567,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Spaztic Twitch,"So you can play as many characters from the series, but if youre not playing as Nico Robin, the prime waifu of the series, you're not playing this game right10/10 would let her spank me"
,Recommended,331600,17751681,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,altnsad -ghoul-,"Pirate KingI am a huge fans of One Piece,I love it so much.Actually,I am watching the story more than playing it.By the way,there is a large number of characters (37) that you can choose to play,and the skills are pretty awesome :D"
,Recommended,331600,17774908,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Kohza,Huge fan of One Piece. Huge fan of the game.Graphics: 8/10Gameplay: 7/10Story: 8/10
,Recommended,331600,17770798,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Wong,nice game
76561198184574221,Not Recommended,331600,23598047,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,2000 inch biceps,Controls are terrible. Bad port. Can't switch to english. Low frame rate. Can't learn combos effectively because they don't tell you which buttons are which.Get this on console.
,Recommended,331600,17758958,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Zathorn,"I have been hyped about this game since I heard there was a One Piece game coming to Steam and I was not dissappointed with it at all I may not have played the other games leading up to this one but I love this game. If you enjoy One Piece I would highly recommend getting this game a good amount of characters to play, cool ultimate skills to see just alot of fun all around."
,Recommended,331600,17755503,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,madao,"Greay Dynasty Warriors style game in One Piece clothes. Lots of fun to be had with a variety of characters to play with in large battles.If you're unfamiliar with the One Piece story, you'll probably find the story mode to be confusing. It's a very barebones representation of what happens in each story arc, and would be hard to follow if you don't already know the details."
,Recommended,331600,17748843,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Kaito,"There are ups and downs in the 3rd sequel. I have played the previous sequels on PS3.This 3rd sequels is basically a remake of the first sequel, in the format of the 2nd sequel. As well as, extending the storyline up to Dofi. The new modes seem alright, but the game does make me feel like re-playing the 2nd sequel overall (eg. same BGM, coin-sets collecting). I am NOT an OP fan (i enjoy Hunter X Hunter more :P), but I am a musou fan.Pros:- Not much is changed. Control, in-game items, etc. which is easy to begin the game without reading/learning anything extra (I play with a PS3 controller)- Contains a up-to-date storyline.- Its avaliable on PC, and to most westerners, in their mother-languages.- Hack-n-slash musou style retains.- More playable characters. (but still more should be added)- smooth gameplay (eg. good camera angles, control settings, and story-flow)- the in-game CG movies are in real high quality.- the REPEATITIVE gameplay is rather low, as a musou game.Cons:- Be prepared to set graphic settings to 'all high'. The manga-alike G-pen effect is inconsistent (like little dots ), when the character is static (issue tested in medium & low graphic settings)- Its kinda annoying collecting all the coin-sets again (just like a replay of the 2nd sequel)- Expensive (like all japanese big titles, it is a expensive game) I would recommend a short wait for a price drop (like what they did to dragonball-xenoverse 40GBP-> 20 GBP) I bought it cuz I just happened to have enough in my steam wallet..after selling a knife in CS:GO- A controller is a NEED. Keybord control is very poor. (as expected)- On my windows 10 laptop, all function keys are diabled in the game, (eg. volume control, screen brightness)Overall, its a OK game, at a high price. But as a musou game, it is decent. Just the right balance in repeatitive gameplay and in-game missions."
76561198020332588,Not Recommended,331600,24881329,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,I am vengeance! I am the night!,Focking bored game even for indeed OP fan like me
76561198079571401,Not Recommended,331600,23598203,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,ControllerOfHillz,"I'm a huge One Piece fan. The only reason I refunded it is because of the crappy controls, do not buy the game even on sale."
,Recommended,331600,17775245,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,SmoresTiger,"Suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuper!!!If you love One Piece and Dynasty Warrior games/clones, then this game is for you! Destroy thousands of people as your favorite characters from One Piece. If you don't like repetitive games then you should probably stay away from this game.Edit: I would recommend playing this game with a controller as it is easier to play the game.You can play this game with 2 XBOX controllers for Local Co-Op.Edit2: Click here to watch my no commentary playthrough of the gamehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wg6Tt2Vv5lo&list=PLVqm3D0GUJOt3SmCXg7MWfFAPxPGXHPb0"
,Recommended,331600,29639465,Posted: 1 February,all,nibbles,I need to collect every achievement!!
76561198063202345,Not Recommended,331600,25898482,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,majorjoshx,"It's a very fun game but only the first half works. Each mission is like an hour long so no refund if you actually like the game. But the second half of the game is so broken you can't play, CAN'T. Iv'e tried and it's not happening. Please save your money."
76561198207401775,Recommended,331600,17792312,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Waleedム,good game for one piece
76561198191237077,Recommended,331600,17754315,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Inari Touka,w2w
,Recommended,331600,17787186,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,RYΛИ,"It's got Pirates, It's got Warriors. It's got 3's. What else more could you want. This anime button basher is great for the whole family."
76561198041555367,Recommended,331600,17787873,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,DominicJ2003,"This game has me addicted, I love it. I had to change the (keyboard) controls to fit me better, the graphics aren't perfect, and some parts of the stories are missing, but overall it's just a beautiful game. Just beautiful."
,Recommended,331600,17786450,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Kalligui,"Dynasty Warriors + One Piece.Great game, if you like DW and OP you definitely should play!"
,Recommended,331600,17760880,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Rathalos ☬,Wah bagus ini game sangat direkomendasi buat pecinta one piece
76561198145151482,Recommended,331600,17788722,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,JesseS7,"10/10, best game ever. One Piece - Dynasty Warriors is amaze."
,Recommended,331600,17793364,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Nimrods Legacy,Ore wa Kaizokuo ni naru!
,Recommended,331600,17762483,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,XeeX,
76561198079110105,Recommended,331600,17749968,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Zeo,"I love this game and all, but the game has terrible controls this game really had some things going for it.Im not mad just disaponted in the lack of controller support it said it had.I'll gladly give it a better review if someone can help me out with this ""not letting me use a controller""but for now looks like im not going to be Pirate King."
,Recommended,331600,17751450,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,PORTGAS D ACE,the best game ever
,Recommended,331600,17751792,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,MTBod,Everything you would want and expected from a Warriors game themed as One Piece. Great controls. A lot more fluid than previous installments and you know.....SABO IS LIFE!!! 10/10
76561198056072424,Recommended,331600,17750749,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Squidlirious,"OK so I've been playing for so many hours straight and I have to say I was to excite that I couldnt stop to write a review xDBad Reviews:-bugs of course do exist1. the audio will sometimes start staticing during long cutscenes, usually the long ones2. some characters voices bugs out and have other character's voices, but last for a little bit-repetative for a while (you have to play to lvl up and will get better skills and awsome finishers by the time u have everything you probably play for a lil while long and stop playing, if you got a friend or siblings to play with I recommend it)- PS3 port (lol)- No Online MultiGood Reviews:- PS3 port (runs great and i have not been corrupted yet and graphics is NOT important kids!! there is berley a slight difference between PS4 and PS3)- Leveling system feels rewarding- You do not have to repeat in order to continue, you will recieve great rewards if you do awsome, so be awesome- the battles feel right, challenging, decent amount of time, and awsome- X-box ONE controllers are supported, 360 supposibly as well, maybe any controller as long as you have it connected before launching game (I have Windows 8)- The balance between your Crew is there. no one has to be left behind (such as luffy being lvl 25 and sanji lvl 1) they can be upgraded with coins you achieve from challenges, or Berries (Money) you gain from chaining with your crewmate(s) or chest- Recommend playing Hard mode for a better experience (I've gotten A's and S's so far :D)- frames runes awemazing at 50-60 frames or more, I have everything max with my desktop being a 3.2 GHz and the recommended says 3.4- You re-experience the Adventure of luffy's time when he met every crew and bosses"
,Recommended,331600,17750658,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,light487,"I'm not usually one to play games like this but I do enjoy One Piece anime so I gave it a try. The best comparison I could make to another game that is similar is a single-player version of Dungeon Defenders with anime style graphics and a anime style storyline. All voice-acting is in Japanese with English subs. It's a pretty shallow game in terms of everything apart from the combat, which is surprisingly enjoyable. Each character that you can play, and I believe there are 40 different ones, gives you a unique set of combat abilities... I guess you could also call it a fighting game in 3rd person..I would say that unless you are a fan, this is not worth $70USD though. Wait for a sale."
76561197973438159,Recommended,331600,17750817,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Mastergamez,"Rock solid portuse an xbox 360 controller or something equal to it.menus are a little sparce but the game runs at 60 FPS, high settings look nice and clear, no big issues.If your a one piece fan with a moderate to high gaming rig, grab this bad boy.9/10, would gum gum buggy in the face again."
76561198016943410,Recommended,331600,17752771,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,快跑啊,"good nice, i can use my ps4 controller!!"
,Recommended,331600,17753512,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Red,"Been waiting a long time for this game (and have played this game on the PS4.)This game is really fun, is a Dynasty Warriors game with One Piece skin.Difference between DW and OP is the kizuna rush mechanics, which basically you beat things up until you fill this bar to the max, and you can do a team attack, which is awesome since any combination of characters say different lines(remember during Water 7/CP9 arc, Luffy and Zoro did a team attack? They can do it here, too!)This game, too, has a good amount of playable characters, and that is definitly a positive thing.This game also offers replayability in the dream mode (and the story mode/freemode in case you want to unlock everything.)Overall, I am pretty happy with my purchase, and I recommend this game for people who like OP, DW, and even for people who do not know OP - this is a good run through the story."
,Recommended,331600,17753833,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,pica,"a very recommended game, like most DW and SW but more interactive dialogue"
,Recommended,331600,17771852,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Krivvin,"Amazing game! With each sequel, OmegaForce further polishes the amazing experience of taking control of the awesome characters of the One Piece setting!"
76561198172458653,Recommended,331600,17775730,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,andriusaudrius898,"gamepad control sucks: camera rotating wrong direction from right goes up, from up it turns to right side, the game is good 10/10, control 7/10 my gamepad is Acme Ga02 I tryed x360ce, and other programs but nothing.... any idies how to reslove this problem :(((( if someone know please answer thanks :(((("
,Recommended,331600,17749585,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Red Damsel,I like it. Pretty good.
,Recommended,331600,17774152,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,MrGadot,"everything is good except the controller,hoping something can be done about the keyboard mapping, and the setting doesnt save"
76561198044605739,Not Recommended,331600,30213442,Posted: 26 February,all,Tiny Dick Mcgee,"I spent money on this game for 37 playable characters. There are 27 non playable characters with full movesets in this game.The list of characters that you fight as bosses that have full movesets but you can't play as include:KuroArlongWapolKaku and jaburaAxe Hand MorganHatchanAlvidaMr 1, Mr 2, Mr 3and so onYou can play as perona but you can't play more than one CP9Warriors Orochi 3 has over 133 playable characters"
76561197981173652,Not Recommended,331600,23864013,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,jetbomber774,Can't Save. Do not buy.Edit:The game is not setup to save correctly. I found a workaround by creating a new local account on my computer but no game should have this issue on first launch. If you enjoy the Warriors type games and One Piece then you will thoroughly enjoy this game.
76561198089603504,Not Recommended,331600,29514522,Posted: 26 January,all,fuxinyao,Disaster. The game can not be saved.
76561198302154959,Not Recommended,331600,25963558,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,nutcracker85,"Game Keep Crash, pls fix the bugs ASAP..."
76561198084206211,Not Recommended,331600,28574125,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Trap Lord Tamales,"Satisfying combat but the controls feel terrible, no multiplayer and the campaign is just the samething as the show wich makes the game feel boring since its the same thing. Getting Refund5/10"
76561198237811270,Recommended,331600,17773057,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Jaszy,Have a life? not anymore. Atleast not for a few weeks.
,Not Recommended,331600,23570777,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Spooky Gappy,"Unable to actually play the game, as it won't stop spinning round."
,Recommended,331600,17763537,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Aphrodite,Boa Hancock Simulator 2015
,Not Recommended,331600,17814965,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Zurv,"I wasn't expecting much and i was still disapointed. There were some minor tech issues (controller and grafix issues), but i'm sure they will be fixed.the game, even for a big OP fan, was sooooooooooooooooooooooooo boring."
,Not Recommended,331600,23575043,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,BloodshotGamer525,"Why does this have to be a Koei Tecmo game, worst company ever in my opinion since you need to take time to download a 3rd party software to play with a controller for most of their games. I don't know why I keep trying to give them chances when all they do is spit out games with the same gameplay as dynasty warriors and same broken controls."
,Recommended,331600,17747643,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Mazino,"The few problems ive come across arent game breaking but certainly frustrating. One is the auto-scroll issue which makes it impossible to view some menus, but you can unplug your controller and use your keyboard if necessary.Another one is that there is no explanation of controls via a controller even though this is a port. I looked into the settings and apparently you can only map to the keyboard which makes no sense to me. I guess thats what you should expect from ""Partial controller support""...***(EDIT)*** Apparently you can lock-on enemies using the Left Trigger. It took me a while to figure out because L-Trigger is use as a power up as well.Still going to play through the whole thing because these can be patched pretty easily and everything else seems really high quality not to mention the game is really fun."
76561198067562440,Recommended,331600,18040988,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,rosstheirish,SUUUUUUUUPPPPPPPERRRRRR FUN
76561198021142964,Recommended,331600,17761044,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Silver_Douch,"I honestly cant understand why alot of people trash about this game... i've played it for like 7-8 hours till now and i gotta admit that its very fun and it passes time in a very amusing way!if its the lot of different characters and skills and attacks that im able to use to.... the game does not give you an option to get bored from stuff like that...i mean, yeah, you fight enormouse numbers of weak ♥♥♥ Mobs/pirates/marines.... but i think that a game that gives you the chance to kick some ♥♥♥ to thousands of souldiers with alot of different ways is really amusing!besides i got so many nostalgic feelings from the early scenes of the game!it does lack creativity in the Mob section, but its still fun to playmy rating for the game 8/10...."
76561197992083855,Recommended,331600,17758727,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Matyvalien,So far so good! excellent game with sweet graphichs very funny to play if you like dynasty warrior games this is waaaay better than them with a really good port! and on top of all its the best one piece game you can find!
76561198010276163,Not Recommended,331600,22875143,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Kakacarrotcake,Horrible controls with keyboard and no good controller support to speak off. Camera endlessly spins around with a contoller plugged in making playing impossible to enjoy.
,Recommended,331600,17756417,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Sherayith,"I really, really love One Piece.  So when I heard that Pirate Warriors 3 was coming to PC, I was overjoyed.  I'd never played the previous games (due to not owning a PS3 or 4) but I had watched walkthroughs of both and loved them very much.  I added PW3 to my wishlist the moment it appeared on Steam, and pre-ordered it the day that became available.Despite being ripped off by Bandai and Steam when they removed 5 costumes from the Story Pack (So that the pre-order on Bandai's site could have an ""exclusive"" pre-order bonus) AFTER I preordered the game from Steam, and despite the fact they NEVER gave a real answer as to why they did this without informing us or whether they'd do something to make up for the deception, this is a good game.The gameplay is pretty simple: smash and slash your way through hoardes of enemies.  Be very aware, the controls configuration are intended for controllers and not keyboard and mouse.  Plus, you have to figure out which buttons are which actions because the symbols they give you are not all very self-explanatory.  So, if your using an Xbox controller, here's some tips:Generic Attacks: X and Y.Special Attack: B.Charged Attack: RBDash and Dash Attack: AAwakening: (Not sure what this is called officially, but it's what you do before you can use Kizuna Rush) it's either just RT, or RT and B at the same time (I'd have to test this further to be absolutely sure of one or the other).Kizuna Rush: Tap B while AwakenedChange Crew Member: Up and Down on the D-PadChange Map View: Left and Right on the D-PadReset Camera: LBSet Target: LTI'm a huge One Piece fan, so this game is pure bliss."
76561198238192472,Recommended,331600,17748051,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Sick nasty bud,Great port but the controller support needs patching
,Recommended,331600,23565360,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,WickedStrider,great game cant wait for a second one.
,Recommended,331600,17746849,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Deuxz,Love One Piece... Love The Game... Win Win Situation... 10/10
,Recommended,331600,17760049,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Baby Buffalo,Awesome game few slight problems like showing you the key to press even when using a controller but honestly can complain. run smoothly looks nice and lots of things to knock out !!!
,Recommended,331600,29974952,Posted: 16 February,all,📛,Fun.
,Not Recommended,331600,22857038,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,first2b-me,"It is fun to play as your favorite Onepiece characters. But the game play is just way too repetitive. It becomes boring after a while and no matter how much characters you change, game play will be pretty much the same. No I do not recommend this game. It is not well thoughtout, and even lazy game at some point."
76561198015769063,Not Recommended,331600,28571776,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Daevient,Spinning screens make this game rather unplayable
76561198073471639,Recommended,331600,17793155,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Ripkotsu,Dont listen to any of the negative reviews people who have problems with the ports are ones who need to upgrade their pc i bought this game the day t came out and im using AMD and i have not ran into a single problem why bc i upgraded but this game is great gameplay is awsome level up characters and i recamend trying out every character each one has their own special attacks and theirs lots and lots to do in this game
76561198048488770,Recommended,331600,17749285,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,elduckum,dear steam I just pre ordered one piece pirate warriors 3 I don't see the extra dlc I am too get with it this is the only game I pre ordered from you that you didn't give me the extra stuff I get if I pre ordered it the game isn't released until the 28th it said if I pre order I will get them now where are they?  please help me?  I feel now I spend my money for nothing a waste of time I got all my free things I am sopes to get like the character and 2 extra stages and costurns for luffy where are they?  you gave me everything on all the other games please give me the extra dlc i get when I pre order it? I hope to hear from you as soon as possible?
76561198018911009,Not Recommended,331600,17757428,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,2 SCOOPS,I'll make a real review once I can get past the start screen without it crashing.
76561198007187961,Not Recommended,331600,24735151,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,J3w Jitsu,"Cannot even use a fRacking controller with this game, partial support, more like zero support, 3 different xbox controllers all work fine in every other game but this crap.    WASTE OF MONEY. until that changes it blows."
76561198068597090,Recommended,331600,23835836,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,DogmaITA93,Awesome Game
76561198083011462,Not Recommended,331600,33359038,Posted: 7 July,all,AmenXL Mikiko,Is it to much for some online
,Not Recommended,331600,23562815,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,ThreeKingdoms,"Horrible controller support. Don't get this game until this issue is fixed.I have tried Xbox 360 and also Steam Controller. For a Dynasty type game, lack of controller support is basically just lazy programming! This type of developer behaviour should not be tolerated."
,Recommended,331600,17755601,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Dumpy's Rusty Nuts,"Pros:Good Port JobGreat GameplayAwesome MusicAlot of contentBrilliant over the top storyGreat Great funCons:Controller layout is bit messed upWhen mapping controls they use the standard PC layout not the XBOX360layoutA bit sluggish with a lot on screenOverall this is very highly reccommened game, in particular if you like over the top characters, gameplay like Dynasty warriors and a awesome rock soundtrack. 10+/10 outstanding game."
,Not Recommended,331600,23600006,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,KyrenCross,No proper mouse and keyboard support.No Xbox One Controller support.Good luck playing this game in this day and age. Got this on sale but I guess it's a scam game.Searched the forums and not a single patch since release. Don't even bother buying this game even on 90% sale as you can't even properly play it if you only got keyboard and mouse and an XBOX One controller.
,Recommended,331600,17747310,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Godly,One piece is an amazing series and i have high hopes for this game but as of now partial controller support means no controller support. Also dubbing this game is a necessity hopefully it happens in a patch.
,Recommended,331600,23564860,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,ᵣᵤₘₛₐz,I got the gold edition the controller require both keyboard and controller sometimes but it has a great story of luffy who is trying to become king of the pirates. You began looking for a pirate crew so you save a 3 bladed pirate (not telling names you'll find out) who is the worlds greatest warrior. It has a great story plot the people arguing about the controllers are so badly false don't listen to those god awful fools don't know anything how to learn the controls it even has it were you can set the controls.
,Recommended,331600,17748904,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Peeksi,EVERYTHING YOU NEED TO KNOW:Great port! Koei Tecmo did a good job despite their pastHighly recommend using a controller rather than the keyboardIt's ONE PIECEJapanese voice acting with English subs (menus and all text are English)60 fpsNo problems after playing 3 hours of it. Will update if I encounter any.Buy it if you were thinking about it!
,Recommended,331600,17759278,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Beast,Do you like One Piece?Do you like Samurai Warriors?Yes and Yes : Get the GameYes and No : Get the game if you are a One Piece FanNo and No : Avoid this game like the plagueI happen to be a Yes and Yes man myself - you?
,Recommended,331600,17747422,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Ben,"As an avid One Piece fan i bought this immediatly upon hearing that it was going to be on PC. I know i only have 1.4 hours on record so far but don't let that affect my review of this game.So far, i think it's fantastic. I'm only upto Chapter 2 but i love it, i love these type of free-roam fighting games they are the best. It makes you feel like you're actually playing the anime. Anyway, there are a few glitches but that is to be expected, some hilarious like Buggy just exploding for literally no reason or Luffy doing a Gum-Gum Bazooka at nothing during a cutscene but then there are some glitches that are annoying like when you use a team power on a stair case and you fall right through it unable to leave it thus being trapped and having to restart the stage.Hoping there will be patches to resolve some minor andmoderate glitches but only time will tell.10/10. Can Gum-Gum Rifle nothing for no reason without pressing any keys because they are outrageous.EDIT: Also only use the keyboard controls if you have an extra pair of hands."
76561198085045378,Recommended,331600,17747626,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Jeanne d'Arc,This game would be awesome unless its control setting doesnt bother you.I can't control it fully with x-box game pad. It's freaking hilarious
,Recommended,331600,17748120,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,시로 | Shiro™,"This game was worth the wait ... Literly worth the wait, its just to good !!!"
,Recommended,331600,17748753,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Pu!se,"Buy this game if you enjoy ""Warriors"" gamesThis game improves upon the existing Pirate Warriors seriesHowever, theWarriorsgames are not for everybody. They get grind-heavy, they're hack and slash, and can become repetitive for the average gamer. If you're looking for more of the same, you're in luck. Compared to otherWarriorstitles, the combos feel fluid and the combat is more dynamic. Sadly, movement hinders the game and feels clunkier than otherWarriorstitles, and there are a few problems with the PC version, which is sadly not out of character for Koei Tecmo ports. If you have the option, get the PS4 version.POSITIVES+ It's a very fun take on an existing series,Dynasty Warriors+ Lots of on-screen enemies+ Follows the series' story pretty closely+ Collectibles for completionistsNEGATIVES- Awful camera controls for keyboard- Graphic options are limited- Movement feels clunkier compared to another recentWarriorstitle,Hyrule Warriors- No online co-op- Just inferior to the PS4 version, hands down"
,Recommended,331600,17753634,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,『ofek』,one of the best games i ever playedi keep on play and keep having fun!
76561198035848422,Not Recommended,331600,28568689,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Snee,Usopp looks like a minion. 2/10Game play was good.
,Not Recommended,331600,26120130,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,K3rn3L,"Had to get a refund for this one.  I play the mobile One Piece game and its great so figured this one had to be good as well.  I was so wrong.  The camera controls are horrible, the controls period are horrible.  The mechanics suck.  The graphics are terrible.  Gameplay is horrible.  Honestly it seems like this was made in a weekend.  I definitely do not recommend this game."
,Recommended,331600,17748379,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,DSPWillie,"Love the game thus far!  Sad that there is no Online Co-Op, but other than that, it's great!  Plays smoothly and...yeah.  Def looking forward to playing this more and of course live streaming it.  :)Only issue I had at first was getting the resolution set up, but it's not that big of a pain.  Once you get everything configured like you want it, it's awesome!Needless to say, I highly recommend this game to any One Piece fan!  Or any Dynasty Warriors style of game fan!  Well worth the purchase!"
,Not Recommended,331600,23594921,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Jeromiah,I love one piece but I just dont like the combat in this game. Would be cool but I cant control the camera at all. and no mouse is kind of a bummer.
,Not Recommended,331600,23563176,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,M.O.B.,Ok so I'll change my review on this game. It works for the original Xbox 360 controllers rather then any others. I Normally use a After glow xbox 360 controller and the controlls were kind of crazy for it. But over all this game is pretty good. I played it on the vita and now on pc. Graphics for this on the vita weren't as good as they are on the pc.
76561198044464159,Recommended,331600,17747012,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Superfight,"Game is great, Alot of it follows the anime/manga but I would recommend using a controller unless you want to have to use the keyboard which will make you uncomfortable.It's pretty hard playing for the first time but it gets more comfortable and easier the more you play it!Amazing game and was worth buying it!"
,Not Recommended,331600,29016789,Posted: 4 January,all,Sorodon,"No Online Multiplayer? No GamePad Support (Lucky me, got a Steam Controller)? Weird clipping Hair and other stuff? Expensive DLC's for Coustumes? NO, don't pay that much money for it!But if its on Sale...its a whole different Story...Yes! Buy it!"
76561198008795381,Recommended,331600,20176552,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Eugenm,Крутая игруля!! GOOD!!!
,Recommended,331600,17760406,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Reaper Hack,All I got to say if you like Hack'n'Slash Action RPG and pirate theme with Anime style JRPG style theme. This game is for YOU! really amazing / addictive game. 10 stars rating for me :)
,Not Recommended,331600,23563369,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,qPenguin,"This game does not support a mouse so you will need a controller, which would be fine if plugging an Xbox One controller in didn't cause the camera in this game to spin uncontrollably."
,Not Recommended,331600,24010799,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Russian↕Satan½,why does it always crash halfway?? what is the problem!?
,Not Recommended,331600,29491942,Posted: 25 January,all,Svartsjö,"I'm not sure why this has so much better reviews than other musou games... I guess weebs vote in droves? In any case, this is nowhere near as good as Dynasty Warriors. And if we want to compare it to off brand musou games by koei.... I still feel like Dragon Quest Heroes is way better.the leveling and loot system is odd. Story mode is restrictive. Voice acting annoying.Honestly just get Dynasty Warriors"
,Recommended,331600,22922895,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,pitbot,rsuR
,Recommended,331600,23363766,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Rob Lucci,-Can hit Nami with Sanji.-Still better than Naruto filler.66/10
,Not Recommended,331600,32183713,Posted: 4 June,all,BrainStrom,"I'm one piece lover, i'm so disapointed with this game."
,Not Recommended,331600,17746751,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Lúcio,"TLDR: Fun game but get the PS4 version.Has good potential and I really believe it is a lot of fun but the keyboard controls are awful, it won't even let you use the mouse! With a controller I believe that this would be playable but at the moment I am unable to enjoy having to hold L for 2 seconds evertime I want to look the other way. It could at least offer a camera lock so the camera moves depending on the way I'm facing but there doesn't seem to be any. Once I get a controller it will be fine but they really should have at least given you the option to control the camera with the mouse.The games graphics for the characters are great but the scenery is disguisting. These graphics are ones I'd expect for a game which is 8 years old, not one just released today. The scenery didn't even look like it was 480p. Apparently this port isn't even a port from the PS4, it's a PS3 port! Not upgrading the graphics for the PC is one thing but porting the worst version is another!The combat is fun but because of the other two issues above I am unable to fully enjoy it. If you have a PS4 get it on that, I'm almost 100% sure I'd love the hell out of it. I'm not not recommending the game because it's bad, I'm only not recommending the PC version because it appears to be inferior to the PS4 version. Not only will you play it better but it will look better and you'll be able to play online with people rather than just co-op.That being said if you are fine with the graphics and have a controller then I don't see anything wrong with the game. It runs really well so you won't have issues with that. I'm a huge fan of One Piece so I really want to enjoy it. I'll surely get it again once it has gone down because £40 for it seems to much for me at the moment."
76561198011708562,Not Recommended,331600,31796566,Posted: 16 May,all,charicky,"Steam version suck due to controller issue. My ps4 and xbox360 controllers only have two bottons that works. and the keyboard and mouse suck so bad. Your better off getting the console version hen the steam version, i spend hours looking on forum on trying to get it to work with the controllers and then realize why am i even pay full price on a game that have to fix due to steam poor porting. Didnt even get a chance to even play the game."
,Not Recommended,331600,28587916,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,ChiZmY,Very bad porting and graphics i dont recomend it it's mashing bottons and killing marines it's all you do not eve 1v1 battles its bad just bad buy burning blood instead
,Not Recommended,331600,25958756,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Adzmodean,"I really love the One Piece universe. I really like Dynasty Warriors. I have a working game controller.To play this game on an Xbox Controller (not even a logitech one like mine) you need to download third party software (xpadder - check the forums)  at additional cost. Otherwise, play with keyboard. Not worth it even when it's 25% off. Dynasty Warriors with a KEYBOARD. Can you imagine?Steer clear. Such lazy, bad, business practices from this company."
,Recommended,331600,24230202,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,FTrubyruben♡,"i wish they should added more of the characters wich ar missing in the game and ar in the true story such as helmeppo, beast trainer moji and like that and more playable characters"
76561198058230832,Not Recommended,331600,28810493,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Pingwhuu,"Game ♥♥♥♥ed up and i lost all my save date and needs online multiplay, i wasted time waiting after pre-ordering this."
76561198037737080,Not Recommended,331600,23591443,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,BulletMonkeyBraska,"Stay away from this horrible wretch of a game, the controls are obnoxious and most of the commands dont stick if you change them, get it one of the consoles if you can, but avoid this like the plague"
76561198126810141,Recommended,331600,17747079,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,8602081,"Doesn't explain controlls well, a bit challengening but in the end pretty good so far and attack is X at first. Also follows the story pertty well and is up far in the anime story."
,Recommended,331600,25702520,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Table_Tuff,I had a great time. Zolo is the greatest character ever
,Not Recommended,331600,23558629,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Deece,"This game could have been great if only it had mouse support. Yea thats right you're expected to use the keyboard to move you character with wasd and the camera with I don't even remeber what something like hjng keys. All while using keys around the right side to also attack. It's just a mess trying to do so. Oh right also don't expect an xbox one controller support ALSO isn't in the game, I refuse to have to download third party software for a game which should have it already in the game.Overall from the 5 mins I played it could have been fun if only the game was correctly optimized for PC, which unfortunatly just isn't so."
,Not Recommended,331600,31677568,Posted: 10 May,all,Kommander,The game just reset without warning. I wish I could get my♥♥♥♥♥♥back but I guess the ♥♥♥♥ not.
,Not Recommended,331600,25585282,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,barsa^_^,Dont buy it not worth your money
,Not Recommended,331600,24665039,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Waiter,THeirs mistranlations EVERYWHERe. it should be fruity fruit not devil fruit sanji should be sucking lolliepops there should be water guns its gum gum blast and gum gum double barrel
,Not Recommended,331600,25916367,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,WingChunGar,not as good as i want
76561198116466773,Not Recommended,331600,23793746,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,newspsk,have a gray screen when play start i can't play help me please!!!!
,Not Recommended,331600,30245873,Posted: 28 February,all,NickTheDick,aweful
,Recommended,331600,22773275,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,bigtwerk,"YO-ya-yo, ya-yoDreamin', don't give it up UsoppDreamin', don't give it up UsoppDreamin', don't give it up UsoppDreamin', don't give it give it up give it up give it up give it up give it NO!Here's how the story goes we find outAbout a Treasure in the Grand LineTheres no doubt, The pirate who's eye on itHe'll sing I'll be King of the PiratesI'm gonna be kingYa-yo, ya-yo ya-yo, ho-hoHis name is UsoppThat's Monkey D. UsoppGonna be king of the pirates!He's made of rubber - (female singers) how did that happen?Yo-ho-ho he took a bite of Gum GumYa-yo, ya-yoHis name's Usopp he's just like a samuraiand a l-a-d-y Usopp's not shyUsopps' doin' that marksman thingUsopp's cookin'Usopp's doctoringYa-yo, ya-yo, yao-yo, hoo-hooSet sail for One Piece, it's the name of the treasure in the Grand Line!Ya-yo, ya-yoSet sail for One Piece!"
,Not Recommended,331600,23568855,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,TANKER_09,crash when set to 1080p and no xbox one controller support10/10 will refund
,Not Recommended,331600,23565913,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Djinnt,Holy ♥♥♥♥ I got motion sickness from the CONSTANT SPINNING OF THE CAMERA DUE TO NO XBOX ONE CONTROLLER SUPPORT .
,Not Recommended,331600,23592012,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,ItsFletcha,I've spent more time trying to figure out how to get a refund than I have actually playing this game...
,Recommended,331600,30433145,Posted: 10 March,all,isaroni11,I love this game! One of the best I've played.
76561198052457735,Recommended,331600,21343809,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,TurboHossBoss,might not be in english but u still get the feelings and is still an awesome and fun game
76561198093509021,Recommended,331600,21352898,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Trex,"If you love One Piece and wanna fill the void when the manga goes on break then this game is perfect <3 The gameplay is kind repetitive but if you change characters often then it feels different. I love the costumes but it's not worth spending extra on. The dream log mode is really fun. It's interesting seeing characters who've never met interact. The story mode is ok... It's just the One Piece story but with a ton- A TON of content cut. My favorite characters to play as is Robin and Chopper... That opinions very biased though because I love those characters. I would recommend the game only if you're a One Piece fan, and if you have a controller, keyboard controls are very difficult to use."
76561198122887194,Recommended,331600,30435660,Posted: 10 March,all,Blanket X Man,First I'd like to say that I'm a big fan of One Piece. This game captures all of the most intense battles from the manga and lets you play with your favorite character. There's plenty of content between the story mode and the island mode (can't think of the correct title). I recommend this game to those that enjoy action/fighting games and One Piece.
,Recommended,331600,18966572,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,PawleeGe,Game follows the storyline pretty well and has a free mode to play as various characters from the One Piece universe. Any fan of the anime will enjoy this game.The only con is that online multiplayer is not available for the PC version. The game does feel repetitive beating up masses of people but you could always switch characters.
,Recommended,331600,18756572,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Leo Luo,It was worth it as I am a big fan of this series!
,Recommended,331600,30197167,Posted: 26 February,all,Mynn ✨,"The game when not using a steam controller , its dificult to settting because some of the button will not function."
76561198198559774,Recommended,331600,17975380,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Valteri Bottas,Really good game but all lvl are the same strategie you get all posts and fight the boss. Still a funny game and a must have for one piece fans :)!
76561198158814480,Recommended,331600,18991351,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,FlashXII,"the game is awesome.but i expected that i could play with nami,nico robin and trafaglar law with dressrosa costumes and boa hancock 3d2y costume for free lolbut the game is still cool"
76561198031295531,Recommended,331600,18437003,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,aLphabeaT,"Overall 8/10On the POSITIVE side, the game is addicting thanks to Dynasty Warriors engine stype gameplay, different events may trigger as you progress to the story, you won't be left out without anything to accomplish once you start a mission. You will be fighting most of the time you spent in this game. Pretty sad and fun moments cover most of the plot, this is One Piece we're talking about, after all.  If you are a One Piece fan yourself, you should definitely buy this even if you got a okay PC. It will run smootly thanks to the option to manually lower the graphics. If you don't know One Piece that much, it is a fun and different way to ""get"" into the story in a faster pace, as opposed to reading over 800 chapters or watching over 700 episodes. That is completely understandable. I myself love the series and finally managed to 100% the Whole Game Gallery and unlocked all achievements. That is a viable option if you are interest in getting all the achievements. It may become a pain after a few ""farms"" and such. Nonetheless, a fun game to try with your friends.-- -- --On the NEGATIVE side, you may experience a FEW crashes during the MAIN CAMPAIGN, that is the thing that bothered me the most, on the ""Free"" and ""Dream"" game modes, I didn't experience such things as often. The adaptation itself is inferior to PS4's and after some time you may or may not find yourself in a boring and monotonous spot. I recommend turning off the BGM volume or maybe the overall volume and play it with you favortie music playlist, if you completed the main story, that is. Also, take a few pauses here and there so you never run out of will. Another thing: The lack of support from Koei Tecmo, the derpy keyboard controls (gamepads extremely recommended) and the unfortunate inability to play on-line was probably one of the problems of this game. It is kinda bothersome that a game released on 2015 still has this kinda of crap. I get it, it is a ADAPTATION, but maybe exploring a little bit of today PC's potential maybe a good sign that you care about your game, right?In the end, the game is 100% fun for everyone who wants a fine fightning game, it's far from spectacular but it gets it's job done in the end of the day."
76561198114335508,Recommended,331600,18448036,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Nox,Very well made game and almost everything was amazing.  The only con was that the graphics were a little glitchy and the cost is a little too high.  The game still has a few bugs but it was a good experience.
76561198139689538,Recommended,331600,18167906,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Rusty,good game
,Recommended,331600,18103411,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Pubby G,"Overall, great game would reccommend manages to go through the entire current story of one piece. Sure its missing an online multiplayer, that would be great, but as is it is still really enjoyable. Classic dynasty warriors gamplay at its best"
,Recommended,331600,18116306,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Mac Tonight,"If you like one piece, thats great that means you're not ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Also this game features some amazing characters my personal faverate being Trafalgar Law, the only the thing I think it lacks are playable characters such as Monet, Bartalomeo, vergo and WHERE ARE THIS PLAYABLE FISHMEN??!!11 but they do appear as side characters but i really wanted to play as hody and monet but, nami and the other female characters have jiggle physics."
76561198044003708,Recommended,331600,18517700,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Dr. LoveTractor,"Good but same as 1 and 2, but what do you expect from a dynasty warriors's style game."
,Recommended,331600,18572864,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,✪RAZE,AMAZING GAMEDraws you in when you start playing the game but they should add a multiplayer mode on this game.
,Recommended,331600,18663497,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Siggimondo,"The characters each feel like themselves in everything they do, down to the fact that Sanji can't hurt women in the main story. The game, much like the world of One Piece itself, always has something more for you to discover, making you want to see it all. It loses some appeal once you HAVE seen it all, but it will  take you quite a while to get there.The sheer ridiculuosness and randomness of some of the situations that can occur are truly worthy of the associaton to the sea where logic does not apply, and that is worth a reccomendation in and of itself.You may or may not experience buggy hair (not the pirate, but hair that refuses to properly attatch itself to its owner's head), but in most cases it's easy to laugh it off and move on.10/10 would buy if I didn't already own it."
,Recommended,331600,18494526,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Mαη Θf Hαηds,"It had an amazing gameplay that is also has no equal in graphics, especially when remaking anime into a 3D like game! and not a 2D one.."
,Recommended,331600,18463122,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Tylo,"Alright, I feel I have played enough of this game at this point to give a very broad review.Now... I do see why everyone is complaining but most of the problems they are having don't really bother me.-The Graphics are not TERRIBLE, but they are no where close to GOOD. This isn't a problem for me, as it is easy for me to look past these minor problems right now, but it would be really nice to see this fixed so we can enjoy the game in full quality!-As for crashes, I've only had one and it was while trying to increase the resolution to 1920x1080, albeit it crashed my entire computer, this was the only hiccup I've had here. And I've heard that there are fixes for the other crashes happening on levels.-The controls... well this is probably where I'd really complain, I don't mind playing on a keyboard because in my opinion this game is too fun to not play over the lack of Xbox 360 controller support. I may get a next gen controller just for this game (because it really is that good!)Do I reccommend this game? YES!If you like One Piece or Dynasty Warriors type games then you could definitely enjoy this! Although the PC Port has its problems (graphics/controls/crashes) I find it easy to look over these short comings and really get into enjoying the game! It is still playable people don't freak out too much.note: I have no experience with this company previous to my playing on Dragonball Xenoverse, and I feel that that game was very well made. I don't know if they will attempt to fix these problems, but being oblivious to the situation I have hope they'll fix it!^_^"
76561198048280615,Recommended,331600,18648638,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,MrGamePlayerse,"This game is good for anyone that either likes one piece, or dynasty warriors, and if you like both you will love it.For the completionists, and/or the casuals, you will have to grind a fair amount, but thats just how a dynasty esc game is. So if you like those types of games go for it."
76561198073434303,Recommended,331600,18093330,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,One,Really fun if you like to play dynasty warrior games
,Recommended,331600,18125469,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Poison,"Are you a fan of One Piece and/or Dynasty Warriors? If the answer to either is a vehement no, then obviously this isn't the game for you. But either was a yes, I'd highly recommend considering giving this game a whirl. Uses the long standing Dynasty Warriors formula in the world of One Piece so you can fulfill all your wildest fanboy/girl fantasies.Gameplay is relatively simple in it's barest bones. Each mission you are given a set of tasks to perform and punch/kick/stab/headbutt/whatever the living hell out of everything and anything that isn't on your side. The real depth of the game comes from three angles: Bonus objectives to complicate missions and give you something harder to try for; a massive variety of characters to play; and an astounding amount of content.There are 40 playable characters, each with a pretty distinct fighting style and movepool, along with another 30+ support characters from the series. The Legend Log mode takes you through the main story of the series up to the current Dressrosa Arc and does a pretty faithful path through them (obviously not using any filler arc content from the anime). Free Log lets you handle those same missions with any character you want. Want to try and save Ace from execution AS Ace? Go nuts. And lastly you have the Dream Log, a map of the Grand Line with a ton of islands to take smaller, semi-randomized missions.All told if you only care about Legend Log and don't even want to get 100% completion on each the game is about 12-15 hours long. But if you delve into the Dream Log and just want to goof around in Free Log, you're looking at a substancially longer game. As for this writing I'm at 32 hours with less than 25% Dream Log completion and only on Ch.4-2 in Legend Log. There is a lot of bang for your buck.The game is not without a few downsides though. First off it's gameplay rarely evolves past what I mentioned, so it can get repeatitive. In personal experience this was usually fixed by hoping between Legend and Dream Log modes every now and then, and never playing the same character too religiously. (Well, okay, maybe other than Shanks.) Actually, mention of Shanks brings me to another point, character balance is not perfect. Some characters are surprisingly powerful and defy the logic of the series (Usopp is super-duper strong) while others are so ungodly overpowered as to be gamebreaking (Law, Shanks). And lastly, performance is hit and miss. Game launched with visual issues that are mostly fixed, but only mostly. A few texture transparency issues can occur, and the game has crashed on me twice. None of these, however, are enough for me to say the game is not worth your time and money, because it definitely is."
76561198096025814,Recommended,331600,18734126,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,AlexStonehammer,"An amazing game for fans of One Piece, the Warriors games or just button mashers in general. 90% of the characters are fun to play as, they all have great looking combos and plenty of fanservice for the anime with character interactions. Highly recommended!"
76561198109725906,Recommended,331600,30498985,Posted: 13 March,all,Sheepkiller_90,Very nice game for people loving the story of one piece.I hope we will get the rest of the story via a DLC or another game!!!!Must have for anime funs!!!
76561198071888825,Recommended,331600,30649630,Posted: 21 March,all,Baby Boy,Good game. Kickass game if you like One Piece.Controller issues.Playing without a controller ruins the experiance.Good music.Feels like the anime.
76561198264806742,Recommended,331600,22194555,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,76561198264806742,"When this game gets controller support I will be getting it, but not until then.Otherwise it looks like an extremely fun way to get into the One Piece universe!"
76561198108206674,Recommended,331600,22189575,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,MangaRAGE,"As a lover of the one piece series I was strongly looking forward to this game being released on the pc. Following up from pirate warriors 2 on my ps3 I was expecting the sequel to step up on all levels due to it also being released on the ps4... How it failed to dissappoint me, I had not relised that the pc version was a shoddy port from the playstation 3 version and even though it's cast of characters are great and the story was fun. It fails to deliver a multiplayer mode online with friends and the amount of graphical glitches take away the experience of what I was hoping would of felt a lot more epic if these errors where absent... Do I recommend this game? I still had fun with it, but it is definately not worth the high price tag. I can only recommend purchasing this on sale or if you are such a die hard fan of the OP series you need to have it in your collection."
76561198177905745,Recommended,331600,18914451,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,tkdfighter1998,I love One Piece and this is a game that I recommend highly
,Recommended,331600,20904067,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,HADUKEN,I have read so many negative reviews that i waited till it was on the steam winter sale.I have to say I am happy with the purchase.If you are a fan of the anime and enjoy mousou games this game ticks both boxes.I thought OPPW 2 on the ps3 was an awesome game and this game is better in every regard.I havent played the ps4 version so I cant compare graphics but personaly they are good enough for me.
76561198029302151,Recommended,331600,21288016,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Munnin,Completely blew my exceptations out of the water after playing. Was well worth the money and is absolutely NOT a let-down for OnePiece fans such as myself
76561198024884723,Recommended,331600,20813414,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Omicron Persei 8,"If you the love show, you'll love this.  Some of the combos are quite entertaining, plus its a pretty solid recap of the show.  Game play is fun, but can get a bit boring as it is at its heart a botton mashing, hack and slash game."
76561198040251310,Not Recommended,331600,20891180,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,IggledorfTheRevolutionary,"I am an exteremly die hard onepiece fan but as it stands. I cannot recomened this for one really big reason. There is a really big problem with this game and loading games, I have had to restart all progress 3 times. It is not worth the effort. As it is right now until this continous losing progress is fixed i cannot give this game a positive review."
76561198218936268,Recommended,331600,20881924,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,SonGoku121518,
76561198111648248,Recommended,331600,21270362,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Gamezz,"If your a fan of the anime this game will leave you generaly satisfied, although it doesnt cover every arc or story it does a good job of rounding up the important ones. But even after beating the story there is the dream log, this is where you can team up with some of the most random assortment of charecters and fight to unlock stroger characters to play as. Controls can be a bit awkward, especially on keyboard. But if your patient you will learn to play the game enjoyably, as for crashes and bugs I havent run into any during my playthrough. If you havent played any game from the franchise (Dynasty Warriors, Dynasty Warriors Gundam, Hyrule Warriors) then you might be disapointed in the lack of variety in what you do, you run around, beat people up, take over areas etc. If your the completionist type this will be quite a long road, due to the fact you will have to replay certain levels if you dont get S rankings on the first try. It all boils down to a simple game that I personaly very cassualy play, if your looking for something to entertain you for a while this is a good choice. As for port I have played on PS4 and it was better but not of too much significance, it doesnt matter too much which one you buy it for."
,Recommended,331600,21210153,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Binky,Awesome
76561198164552796,Recommended,331600,21558999,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Feituhao,it’s a nice one piece game for sure. But the one thing is the graphics not very good.....
,Recommended,331600,21092865,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Solusi,"""Why Bandai Namco Why...Why didn't you put Captain Kuro and Arlong as playable character?""Pros:+ Awesome Hack'n Slash gameplay with One Piece characters+ New feature: Kizuna Rush+ Tons of playable character+ Good graphics but not demanding (I'm playing it on my laptop)+ Offline Co-op featureCons:- Some characters  are missing from the game (East Blue Pirates even Foxy)- The game use direct save data system not Cloud- Bad controller mappingConclusion: This game is a MUST for One Piece fans!"
76561198358681718,Recommended,331600,30625837,Posted: 19 March,all,MADkaizen,"I am a One Piece Fan and I really like Hack and Slash . . . or better said punch and slay?! hehe . . .Well I got glassy eyes when playing through the story of the anime/manga again.For me was the game absolute worth it!Good game for ""chill-out"" from work/life.MAD"
76561198067553541,Recommended,331600,20980965,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Falorado,"Real fun game for One piece Fans!The main story is presented in short sepquences (for non One Pice fans pobably too much shortened and confusing).The Gameplay is fast and everything works fine.Graphics fit good dor an Anime/Manga Game, although they are not very good for 2015.8/10I had hoped for more detailled story parts."
,Recommended,331600,21003066,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,YEEEAAAARRRGGGH,"This was my first time playing a dynasty warriors game, the surprising amount of characters and antagonists are enough to keep this game from being repetitive along with the game having a mix and match mode to fight a grab bag of in game characters. I hope the trend of decent playable ports continues from koei tecmo."
76561198081357197,Recommended,331600,20833394,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Brominator,"Awesome game, if you like One Piece and/or beating the crap out of tons of enemies, you'll like this game"
76561198173033577,Recommended,331600,20840180,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Purple Guy,Love the story
76561198205892909,Recommended,331600,20769563,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Flox2,awesome game nice game play i recommend it to all one piece fans it has the original story but the online co-op does not exist for one piece pirate warriros 3 on pc and thats bad plz update the game and pur online co-op it will become more enjoyable :)
,Recommended,331600,20780441,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Dr. Bovice,"""L-L-L-L-LUUUUUUUUUUUFFFFFFYYYYY-SENPAI!!!!!"""
,Recommended,331600,20795162,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,IronBull,The only downside to the game is the Games Audio is only in Japanese but the subtitles and the Japanese VA work more than makes up for it!
76561198029988421,Recommended,331600,20797134,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,(RCK) The Spartan Ninja,"great game so far, caution very repiticious and can get boring so i suggest play it in strives. graphics could b better but could be worse to. for anyone who is a one piece fan that wants to relive the story without having to read the manga or watch the anime over again with all tthose fillers :O am i right guys lol"
76561198028920538,Recommended,331600,20737314,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,melanhton,Hope You love One PIece as I do.
76561198111469085,Recommended,331600,20716536,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,PoorChigga$$,Loving this game. But gets boring after you complete the game although you can unlock nightmare mode. It'll be awesome if They throwed in more characters :')
76561198096861700,Recommended,331600,21354383,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,bleep21,"pretty good game, sad I can't transfer saves over computer tho T-T"
,Recommended,331600,23674549,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Miti,"its a really good game but need the ""Blood"" in game(you can turn on and off in config)"
,Recommended,331600,23597054,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,◢◤𝐿𝓊𝒹𝒾♞™,"I'd only recommend at a 50% or higher sale, the graphics aren't that good but in KOEI games it's more about gameplay. The fighting is fun and you can explore a lot of characters and the story doesn't differ much from the game, except they left out some details from the actual One Piece anime. You see some sad cutscenes but there's too little character development to actualy feel something. (Except if you've seen the anime) The character will refer to some things you will not understand if you do not know the backstorY.I've seen other people having problems with the graphics and bugs, but I haven't seen any at the moment. The controls were in the beginning a bit confusing but you'll get used to it."
,Recommended,331600,23611501,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,zadkiel,"Dynasty Warriors but with One Piece characters; what's not to love? Also for those who are complaining about the graphics and controller issues, if you would stop complaining for 5 minutes and take a look through the comments there are many helpful solutions provided by members of the Steam community that help solve most (if not all) of the problems that come with the PC port of PW3.I run Windows 10 and play the game with an Xbox One controller without any problems with the downgraded Windows 8 controller drivers (removes the camera rotation), and with the OPPW3 render fix I don't see any ugly blocks or missing animations where there should be buildings. All of these fixes I found from reading comments here within 15 minutes of noticing the same problems most people are having..So don't miss out on a great game just because you don't want to take a few minutes to fix the bugs! And at 75% off it's practically piracy ;)"
76561198154599123,Recommended,331600,23577713,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,MohGAMES,Feels like how it would be to be luffy. Story mode follows the manga. Worth the buy (on sale)
76561198029235381,Recommended,331600,23589378,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Chiba,"I'm enjoying this game immensely, no bugs or crashes so far and it does support the 360 controller perfectly with the MINOR inconveniece of not showing xbox inputs on screen, but the controls are easy enough that you don't need help after a couple of minutes.I would recommend buying this game, as I write this it's 75% off, so it's a great deal for one piece fans.The obectives vary from mission to mission and there are plenty of characters to choose from.I really like the story mode but I'm enjoying even more the create your own adventure mode.The graphics are not too bad and are on par with dynasty warriors, it's really statisfying to throw a special and see hundreds of enemies flying around.the music is full of energy and really enjoyable.Great story and Dream modes, great character selection, good graphics and amazing soundtrack, buy it."
,Recommended,331600,23601357,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Justice Commander (むらさき),I loved this game.Camera angle system could've been better but gameplay is perfect.A OP Fan And A Gamer
76561198271210246,Recommended,331600,23595472,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,nindase,This game is good. but this game can't save. please solve this problem.
76561198079616355,Recommended,331600,23663142,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Ratcoonist,"if you like the Dynasty Warriors game play and you like one piece, this is a must have game.but the game play isnt for every one so id try a dynasty warriors type game before just buying it.I find this game super addicting but maybe its because of my addiction to one piece. XDif your debating between console and pc, I think the console version is a little better because of graphics and online multiplayer. (played it at a friends house) dont worry the graphics are just fine on pc (at least for me) its just when you compare the two next to each other when you see a littler difference.so if you dont have a console like me this version is very good too, It runs perfectly well on my computer and im having a blast playing as my favorite one piece characters.I use Xbox controller on windows 10 and it works just fine(saw a few comments having troubles with controller stuff so I thaught id put this info in)id also say, wait for it to go on sale like I did, full price is a bit too pricey but having said that ive put 50 hours into this game and still havent unlocked all of the characters yet. XDfound this on other comments as well, its a link for some free outfits for your characters you can get with steam codeshttps://www.bandainamcoent.eu/vipcorner/get/slug/one-piece-pirate-warriors-3-fan-gift-pack-steam"
76561198169324474,Recommended,331600,23614686,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Lisu ♡ whitekidney,game is ok
,Recommended,331600,23978157,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Seto Mulyadi,Make more Character please...
,Recommended,331600,24013138,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,CryingBoys,Nice Game.
76561198155938946,Recommended,331600,23993690,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Queitst0rmm,"Game crashes from time to time.Other than that complaint I'll say the following:Wish you could punch your boss in the face?Hate your job?Your ""friend"" tried tagging your ex behind your back?Hate multiplayer games with toxic communities?Get injured and now you can't take out your aggression at the gym like you're used to?Get on One Piece Pirate Warriors 3 and smash faces.I've read plenty of complaints about xbone one controller compatibility issues.  I use a xbox 360 controller and works fine.Would take out my aggression on pixels again11/10"
,Recommended,331600,18406596,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,johnxmad,"See at bottom for new review...OLD:First of all.... I LOVE THIS GAME AND THE ONE PIECE FRANCHISE.... That's why I have 10+ hours on it.... The reason I am downvoting is is because of the NUMEROUS technical issues it has... There have been reports of graphical glitches, crashes and stuff... The graphic settings don't even work in this ♥♥♥♥ing game!! It does not matter whether you choose High, Medium or Low... The graphics will remain the same!!! Also, the game does not have a choice for a resolution higher than 1280 x something.... I have a resolution of 1366x768... When I select the default settings, I can play in ""widescreen"", but there are ♥♥♥♥ing white lines all around my screen which are probably caused by the fact that I am not playing in my resolution!!!! So, until Bandai fixes this♥♥♥♥♥♥ my review is going to remain the same.... Seriously people... That's how you treat your fans??? There are people like me who love your products... I had even preorderd the Gold Edition of the game!!!The reason why I have not made the review till now, is that I was looking for  a way to fix this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥... but nothing worked...! So Bandai get your asses and fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥now because we spent a lot of money to buy the ♥♥♥♥ign game!!!! -_-NEW:So, it seems all the problems were fixed! After many months of not playing the game, I return only to find out that there is support for higher resolutions (even for 1920x1080) and the game for some reasons is at 60 FPS now! Good job guys at Bandai Namco Games! Thanks for taking the time to fix all these issues! :)"
,Recommended,331600,23882429,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,iron lung,7/10 decent story with alot of characters availabledownside is the steam controller support
76561198251538264,Recommended,331600,23669066,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,JediMasterLobato,"Eu recomendo para quem é fan de one piece, os achievements e collectibles são viciantes"
,Not Recommended,331600,23880602,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Plagerism,The actual game is good but the port is very poor.  Control customization for controllers is limited for not particular reason which results in the controls either being incredible unweildly or simply unfunctional.  Save your money for something else.
76561198288476191,Recommended,331600,23872954,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,pandaslager,"good game, but the only thing i miss is the online multiplayer."
,Recommended,331600,23883120,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Umji,"one piece's story and character + dynasty warriors's gameplaywhat a game!if you are big fans of one piece or dynasty warriors, you SHOULD play this game.dont mind all of negative reviews. just buy it, and play it. thank me later.*even without sale, this game is worth buying."
76561197990592680,Recommended,331600,23868421,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,[DSL] Ishanis [FR],"best ""dynasty warrrior"" ever and a good adaptation of one piece and it's fun !"
76561198038903343,Recommended,331600,23865863,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,thegodfather,"If you are a fan of One Piece, this game is worth it."
,Recommended,331600,24043585,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Atisheh,Gomu Gomu no AWESOME!!!!If you like One Piece this is your game!It's so fun to play the whole story so far and also see again what happened with everyone. It's also cool that you can play with every character! Just mixing things you've never seen and would like to see. Like a battle where Luffy and Shanks are together or the three brothers!It won't get boring at all. I think I'm halfway through and still so excited about playing every time. The battles are nicely done and even when you play a scenario 6 times it doesn't get boring.
76561198142789868,Recommended,331600,24046252,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,pdear,4r3wfesd
76561198220978060,Recommended,331600,23955636,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Matty MacMattenstien,"This is a combination of Dynasty warriors and The One Piece franchise. You can play and fight as many of the characters from the One Piece world. There are many many hours of gameplay in the story alone let alone the Dream Log. I only see that as time moves on and One piece progresses, there will be larger gaps in missing story chapters. Also I would have loved to include more pirates who played support roles outside the strawhat crew such as all the supernova and more of whitebeards crew etc.overall 9/10"
76561198244287940,Not Recommended,331600,23968839,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Palid,"Why does some scenes pop and some don't ""main scenes not treasure event""i.e The beginning of the game with luffy and shanks I've never had that scene or multiple ones so far and my pc is way above the requirements"
76561198268831928,Recommended,331600,23972748,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,keenanvjw,COOL AS HELL
,Recommended,331600,24038106,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Pemoeda2000,"If you just want to play because of the gameplay and you can deal with the controller issue then yes, I could recommend you to play this game. But if you can't deal with the controller issue then No.For me, it's not a problem so I recommend it."
76561198283046524,Recommended,331600,23977650,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,themelonggamer,"Its a pretty good game for one piece fans you start at the very beginning of one piece fighting off marines, it wasnt really my type of game but hardcore one piece fans would love it, the controls are kinda difficult and kinda hard to get used to, and its not dubbed yet but its a good game for one piece fans."
,Recommended,331600,24031136,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,cG|Ka!3aL{JA},"I adore the world of One Piece, and none of that spirit is diminished in shortening the story. Saying goodbye to the Going Merry still gave me feels, and playing as Luffy really made me want to help his friends when they were in danger of dying in battle.Pirate Warriors 3 is a much faster way to experience One Piece than the manga or anime.So Many Episodes, So Little Time. i Give Pirate Warriors 3 a 4 out of 5."
,Recommended,331600,24185978,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,FasaGifari,Nice Game :D for One Piece Addict !
76561198078238020,Recommended,331600,24743164,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Arfer Halling,"Its okay, I guess. But I feel like Dynasty Warriors or Samurai Warriors are a bit better than this take on One Piece.The treasure events in this game are a bit annoying though."
76561198064599475,Recommended,331600,24714597,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Rudedog,"I haven't had the problems that so many others have had with controller incompatability or graphical glitches, although my wired xbox 360 controller's default button arrangement was frankly bizarre if easily fixed.  The gameplay can be a bit repetative as is classic Dynasty Warriors, but you if you have ever played a DW game you should know what you should expect coming in.  The One Piece characters and story make a better fit for the DW gameplay than DW in my opinion.  I had no expectations for what it should look like, and the performance on my 2011 era gaming laptop has been almost completely satisfactory with only the rarest momentary slowdown when tons of SFX are on the screen at once.  While I too would have liked the option of online multiplayer, given the choice between the two, I prefer split screen couch coop.Overall, I've enjoyed this game as much as any DW game I've ever played and the OP coat of paint makes it a bit more enjoyable.  It's definately a lazy PC port, but it's not the worst by any measure."
,Recommended,331600,24793692,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Sherlock Holmes,"Best One Piece video game in my opinion. Character customization, upgrading, leveling up. Everything is awesome about this game."
76561198076839641,Recommended,331600,22822365,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,R52Hearts,"Honestly, I did'nt even know I had 15 hours on this until just a little while ago. I thought that I had significantly less because of work and life and etc... But I digress. It is a really fun slash and hack game that One Piece fans will love. A LOT! Many different characters ranging from the well-in-the-spotlight ones such as Trafalgar Law, Luffy (unbelieveable right?), and Buggy to the smaller characters such as Perona and Monett are playable. The more you play a character, the more moves that will be unlocked. And boy are there some flashy ones. There is a neat little leveling system and coin collection that allows you to boost individual characters too.As for the storyline. Well. It is pretty much a summary of the One Piece story so far. It does not go into to much detail, but it will bring back some great memories of the show. The Comic/Mangaish style of art and transitions flows well and is pleasing to the eye in my opinion. Oh, and the opening kinda twisted at my heart when I saw Luffy, Sabo, and Ace fighting side by side. Like I said earlier. Once Piece fans will love this game.BUT one very important thing to keep in mind before buying this is that you NEED a controller to play it well. I say need because just using a keyboard will be a nightmare (I tried... trust me).Well that's it for my crummy, rambly, review. Buy it, play it, love it. (And have a clock visible while playing. One loses track of time way too quickly when playing this).Now Excuse me as I spend the rest of the night... Morning... holy♥♥♥♥♥♥its morning alrealy... playing as Perona... or Law... Both... All of them!"
,Recommended,331600,22840202,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,wonjae2kr,"1. Its simply fun to play.2. A gamepad is necessary for this game.3. PC version was ported from ps3, not ps4. The cheap looking graphics can be improved by using sweetfx or those similar. If the hardware is powerful enough, this game can be upgraded even beyond ps4 version.4. DLCs are somewhat not worth the money.5. Online co-op got cut in PC version, but it is a single-play based game anyway."
,Recommended,331600,22445052,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Gooby,"Quick review after playing one level and beating it pretty easily on the first try, this game is super chill, the soundtrack is very smooth, couldn't beat opression :p (i feel oppressed because of that D:) still beat the first level on difficulity 2 with only letting 2 big feels get to the head. again, very chill so far, easy to learn, there are 3 elements of tower, fire, ice, magic, each having 3 tiers priced at 700, 5000 and 1500 the first one is pretty much a single target type tower, second tier is a little more aoe, but tier 3 is completely aoe, pretty easy to wrap my head around. if you have played a tower defence before and you liked it, try this. pretty good.[also the exit button is in the options menu]7/10"
,Recommended,331600,22839763,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Zoro Zombie,"This game is just fantastic. I'v watched a lot of the show and this game is just like it. It may all be in japanese but it sticks true to the show and Runs great. Every crew member has their own moves and combos, so if u get bored playing as someone you can always play as a different crew member. The cutscenes at the end of every mission are the same scenes from the show but in game form so its very rewarding to beat a mission. If you have not watched the show, then some parts may not make any sense but if you have, this is a must have game."
,Recommended,331600,22832438,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Uzumaki Naruto,combo & combat so funnymany character i like game & anime ♥9.5/10
76561198123332744,Recommended,331600,22856819,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Viata,"I love the game, but I need that  they fix the controller  issue so it would be easier to play with friends"
,Recommended,331600,22799659,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,PredicablePanda,"I have enjoyed this game very much (mainly because I'm a big fan of the show). The story log part of it does give a pretty good look at the story so far but at the same time is more shortened by missing out characters and a lot of what happens exactly within each story arc by playing the level. An example would be the level against crocodile, you don't face every single person in his underground organisation so if you are wanting an exact story of One Piece, you'd be better watching the show...However saying this once you unlock the legend log and the dream log, it's very fun as they're is still a lot of levels to beat, the only issue i would say is don't play for hours or even though with the dream log being different on every level (different scenarios/characters to beat) it can be reptitive.My goals at this point is really to try and get all achievements so I'm having to take breaks from being angry in case I do fail a level because it wasn't to clear in where i needed to go, so whoever i was meant to stop (as an example) got to the area you were meant to stop them getting from and it seems to be more the lower levels with easier enemies seem to be more annoying.edit- forgot to mention that I've been playing with a controller and it does not give any instructions or help how to play with the controller but i just took the colours for attacks to the colour of the buttons on the controller (xbox)"
76561198044141546,Recommended,331600,22890616,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Messimerize,"The game is very engaging and does not need a super computer to run well.  Good progression system and active combat.Where it falls short is the story.  The original One Piece has THE best plot.  Unfortunately in this game many parts of the story are skipped or only brought up by a sentence or two.  Many ""minor"" characters don't even make cameo appearances (Encounter with the bandits/seaking, Nojiko/Nami's tatoo incident, Patty/Carne, Laboon, Whiskey Peak...).  And because of the missing links, the story that was presented seem very out of place at times and will be hard to follow for players unfamiliar with the series.That being said, this is an excellent pick up if you're an One Piece fan.  I only wish Koei would add the full story like Treasure Cruise on the mobile."
,Recommended,331600,22252587,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,DanDanTheManMan,"I'll start off with saying that I only recommend this if you OWN A PS4 CONTROLLER, this game is intended for PS4 controllers without the aid of software such as DS4 Windows, PC keyboard controls are awkward in my opinion, and Xbox controls are down right stupid (playable but stupid).In Short: If you are a fan of Dynasty Warriors you will probably like this game, and if you like One Piece, you may love this game like I do. If you can get past the fact that this PC port was inteded for the PS3 version so it looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥and does not have online multiplayer then chances are you will also have a lot of fun like I do.It's a great game IMO but if you have a PS3 or PS4 just get it for those consoles they did not put in a lot of effort into the PC port"
,Recommended,331600,22146897,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,MR JOESTAR,I haven't even reached the time skip yet. That should tell you something about replay value... Or AFK time
76561198050666569,Recommended,331600,22014522,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Ti-jo,"I have been looking forward a one piece for a long time. The game is entertaining, but do not expect too much from it."
76561198139088072,Recommended,331600,22208517,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,DonTB,"After 150 hours, I am out!! I got all the achievements. I usually can't sit still long enough to get all my♥♥♥♥♥♥in the toilet, and yet I was able to complete everything this game had to offer. I recommend, but I'm gonna stop writiting the review, cause Vince Vaughn's stare is starting to get creepy."
76561198136446116,Recommended,331600,22170901,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Raylor | CSGO500,I think this is a awesome game for both fans of the anime and people who haven't watched it.
,Recommended,331600,22547755,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,leonardoimmanuel,Good game with good epic stories .....
76561198230616648,Recommended,331600,22507971,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,G2 PANDA7,"great game if u want to catch up with the series. a lot of different attacks and moves, pretty good graphics. a lot of different game modes and achievments. also a large amount of characters. might be lacking a bit of detail, but overall a very good game."
76561198060079663,Recommended,331600,22557560,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Izzepro,"This is a great game, i've always like games like this, a little hack and slashy whilst also having a nice story to play.There´s honestly not that much to say about the game in case you have played any warriors game before, (Hyrule warriors or dynasty warriors as an example) but if you like those games and One Piece, this game is worth buying and playing, However it does not take long to ""complete"" the game, so if you are looking for 500 hours of gameplay, you should probably search somewhere else.Overall the game gets 9/10 from me, music and everything is great, it's just that i can't see myself playing it after i´m basically done with it"
76561198028490161,Recommended,331600,25950898,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Pyro,"Gets a bit tedious fairly quickly due to repetitiveness, a main limitation. Overall, an ok game to play but it's probably best to wait until special promotion."
,Recommended,331600,25979497,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,SpaceTheGamer,If you like One Piece or Dynasty Warriors or just beating the living hell out of tons of enemies then this game is for you.
,Recommended,331600,26173611,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Onizuka,Actually a nice rendition of the Warriors games by Koei.  Same bread and butter formula but better story telling.  The difficulty seems easier though.
76561198075479353,Recommended,331600,26394544,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Stormy,Great game. But I found a bug. If your using a wireless bluetooth head set the game crashes when it dies.
,Recommended,331600,26348041,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,A L G,Best game for you if you are a One Piece fan! Can't wait for the update when it catches up with what's going on the anime.
,Recommended,331600,26408867,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Hacchi,"Really cool gameplay and how the game flows,"
76561198140142012,Recommended,331600,27792731,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,TekKen 7 JiN,Very Very Awesome game ... my money is not wasted
76561198198271849,Recommended,331600,27854880,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Hashiko,"Very well made!!! You should read the manga or watch the series first, because it is better that way!"
76561198100223552,Recommended,331600,27787548,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,KernawPasta,what can i say we alla love luffy and his crew i practically grow up with this anime and i get to play it now cheers
,Recommended,331600,27777540,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,G Bros,"it's fun, a bit repetitive, but enjoyable."
,Recommended,331600,27782202,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Serenity`,It's dynasty warriorsIt's one pieceIt's Good
,Recommended,331600,27599686,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,And_I_Mist,This Game is my favorite anime related game out there :D
,Recommended,331600,27723368,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Meedoc,A nice beat them all for the fan of the manga.
,Recommended,331600,27726073,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DJURONIMO 🍺🎮,"The gameplay fits perfectly, for this anime.Only 2 bad Sanji is not very usefull in this game... ;_;"
,Recommended,331600,27583215,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Vermont,damnnitwassocool
,Recommended,331600,27882880,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Despojo,"A little slow at first but tons of fun, Kinda grindy too,"
76561198112076324,Recommended,331600,27881734,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,The Squid,"This game is so awesome,i love one piece and this game let you travel in time to the start.highly recommend for one piece fans!"
76561198093143376,Recommended,331600,27358149,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Xenin_Sidus,KAWAII DESU >.<
76561198159321129,Recommended,331600,27346285,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ooga,good game
76561198117522069,Recommended,331600,27340333,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Damnanify,"One Piece fans should definately buy this. The story covers almost to the newest arc of the manga. It also has tons of playable characters.Dream Log is also very refreshing as your crewmates are chosen at random leading to some unexpected funny dialogs that does not fit the situation at times. XDOne downside to games like this is the repetitiveness but that should not be a problem as the game gives you different missions to complete each round.Btw i'm using a keyboard to play this and it's plays well for me. Although you don't need a controller to enjoy the game, but sometimes i feel like using a controller to play this game will definately improve your playing experience."
76561198010022495,Recommended,331600,23615009,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,watzupken,"Its a fun hack and slash game. Control is not ideal, and I do hope that they can fix it. Graphic wise, having played the PS4 version and this, I don't see a significant difference or at least it is not that bad for me to notice."
,Recommended,331600,23605980,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Kaiser the Mouse,"I find One Piece fits this genre of gameplay (Dynasty Warriors) amazingly. I've owned 1-3 and they've only gotten better and closer to source each time. Every character has had some time put into their movesets which is a must for a game like this especially one based off an anime. This is one of the better ports of a Dynasty Warriors style game out there, runs at a smooth 60fps with max on screen actors and man can it fit a lot of em on there. I wouldn't reccomend keyboard and mouse users but I had an easy time with my Xbox One controller and my Steam Controller, it's your typical Dynasty Warriors set up really.A definite pick up for One Piece fans, I'd even recomend this to those who are dying for a good PC Dynasty Warriors but aren't too into anime. (Though there are some other decent DW games on PC now)."
76561198125669349,Recommended,331600,23749207,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,HASIMPO,Awesome game if you watch one piece
,Recommended,331600,23721233,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,BabyImp,If you love one piece u gonna love this!
,Recommended,331600,23710439,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,☕ Miu fan ☕,awesome game for one piece fan i love it if u are one piece fan u have to BUY this game!!!
76561198076008852,Recommended,331600,23706883,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Heavyblade504,Like One Piece? Yes? Then this is a pretty solid game for letting you play a large cast of its characters.Don't know/care about One Piece? Thats fine too. The game is a solid hack/slash game with varied characters and unique movesets for each.Notable feature: Dream Log; it lets you play various scenarios to use any character in and can be a source of most of your fun once you've finished the story line.
,Recommended,331600,23686725,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Direwolf,"Pros:I have been a One Piece fn since a child and this is what I expected from a One Piece game. Massive enemy battle, hack n' slash style and territory capturing are so much fun.Cons:The camera sometimes gets confusing and the characters cannot jump."
,Recommended,331600,23742942,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,King Vegeta,"EARLY IMPRESSIONSThe game is good so far, but what the hell is with the controls?  D-Input I can't use the START or BACK buttons & in X-Input I can't use the L/R Triggers!Koei Tecmo PC ports, man."
,Recommended,331600,23753780,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,.Mikasa`,"Good game. If Luffy have 4th Gear in this game, will become more hype <3"
76561198221652628,Recommended,331600,23759461,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,RedCrocodile,Overall a nice game but a trash portKinda weird it  shows ps4 graphics but the actual game runs on the ps3 version
,Recommended,331600,23773589,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,SonofaJedi,Only 5 hours in and already love it. I always loved one peice i mean who doesnt want to be a badass pirate with powers? The only issue i have with this game is the the controls at times many of the attack buttons are unclear to a non controller user. Otherwise great game 11/10 would become a reindeer and kill everyone again.
,Recommended,331600,24058017,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,KlabauterMann,The  best manga and good gamecome on to join game :)
,Recommended,331600,30174578,Posted: 25 February,all,1p,Storyline 7.5/10 overall 9/10This game is nearly walk away from the original manga storyline but other than that is good
76561198085488806,Recommended,331600,30172835,Posted: 25 February,all,UltraRandomPlayer,it's good
,Recommended,331600,30193737,Posted: 26 February,all,eikoko,nami and robyn :3
,Recommended,331600,30202243,Posted: 26 February,all,Excitedsloth01,"If you like to beat the crap out of your enemies then I really recommend this game. But if it's the Story of one pice your after, then it's better to read the manga or watch the anime. (Personally I recommend the manga.)"
76561198171258195,Recommended,331600,30234559,Posted: 27 February,all,TheCreepySonic,fun game....but i have to put speakers on to make it work tho other wise the game will go black and wont start so i give it a 8/10 still fun tho
76561198081007487,Recommended,331600,30254972,Posted: 28 February,all,Navajo hands aplFab,"i would have really enjoyed this game if i could've used the right analog stick to look around instead of the slow rotation from inverted trigger controls. its a shame. i was looking forward to playing but i can't ignore how bad that mechanic is. even so i really enjoyed what i played, so if my one issue sounds like something that wouldn't bother you then this is a great button mashing smash em up anime game :D"
76561198108541513,Recommended,331600,22772572,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,LuKy Hidan,game is litterally unplayable at least on my computer as the camera just spins in circles and you cant run anywhere or just really play the game 1/10 would return it if i could T_T and im a big one peice fan     UPDATE!!! THEY FIXED IT THEY FIXED ALL OF THE ISSUES BUY THIS GAME BUY IT NOW they actually care im shocked but they do!
,Recommended,331600,31293963,Posted: 22 April,all,Richie,"So I jumped straight in at number 3 in this series, mainly because that is all Steam has, missing out on 1 and 2, though I doubt i have missed any complex plot devices.This game is a re-skinned version of dynasty warriors, with one piece characters. and is a fine example of the sum of the parts being greater than the whole. Its really great to play the faithfully recreated One Piece characters in little skirmishes which loosely follows the plot of the extremely long running anime. And on top of that some fun RPG elements to level up and fiddle with the stats of the characters, and the perverse pleasure of the free mode allowing you to use any characters in any of the any of the story events.There is a nice rating system at the end to which I am ever so proud to have spelled out the word ""A s s"""
,Recommended,331600,31257242,Posted: 20 April,all,DarrenC,"If you are One Piece fan, this would be fun.  However, do note that this would be repetitive as you play on.Lets talk about the bad part, apart from price, controls in PC are terrible! Half the time I would be figuring out the directions as the keys are just not user friendly. If only they allow the use of mouse like other RPG games."
,Recommended,331600,31217826,Posted: 18 April,all,Samissuper,Well if u play with ur keyboard then u won't enjoy it. They didn't put their effort on that. This game should never show up on steam like this. Graphic it's still the same! If ur a huge fan of Onepiece or dynamic warrio then have fun. 7/10
76561198082243680,Recommended,331600,31370473,Posted: 25 April,all,Morph,Much like Dynasty Warriors. You run around and smack everything in sight. Lots of fun!
,Recommended,331600,31634957,Posted: 8 May,all,[C*] Zatara,Superb game until you unlock Fujitora. He is so OP. He can clear entire map with just one button.
,Recommended,331600,31515551,Posted: 2 May,all,BitLink,"Really fun game, love it to bits. However, my 360 controller isn't fully functioning with the game, so I've had to use keyboard controls... makes it a little annoying"
,Recommended,331600,29320595,Posted: 17 January,all,Hot Pants R34 ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),Great game and a diverse cast of characters. Its fun to play as Lucci.
,Recommended,331600,31885241,Posted: 21 May,all,CANARAKI,"contorls are not soo good for keyboard, story has maden bit short but jeez it takes 750 episodes of anime for a single game so its agreat job actually.gameplay 7/10controls5/10story 8/10side quest 7/10so I advice you buy it its really great game very joyful and you beat up more than 1000s as a single guy its great!"
76561198061786965,Recommended,331600,32105219,Posted: 1 June,all,gromly,What have I done?
,Recommended,331600,28652207,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,GrayGL,"This isn't a perfect game, the graphics aren't super outstanding and the comic cut-scene thing can get annoying, but this is a must have for One Piece fans. You can relive the story and develop the characters of your choice with the coin system. Another great game by Koei, they really have made some of the best fandom games. I recommend this game, but I do recommend a controller and remapping a few of the keys!"
76561198051938597,Recommended,331600,27482862,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Diego,"One of the best anime, and so on, one of the best playable games"
,Recommended,331600,27135626,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CrazyOfYou,This game can make you play non stop once you launch the game.
76561198067033980,Recommended,331600,22718231,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Rodien,"Thus far, I like it a lot. It seems like theres a lot of story since the story goes to the 600th episode (however beyond that is non-canon.) They even have the voices of the Japenese voice actors, and theres subtle nods to the anime that makes it all that much better. Like some of the names of the achievements are quotes, the treasure events give you a bit of extra story and I always find myself attempting to complete them, and overall I am impressed with the fanfair (or is it fan service?) they provided here.Is it a bad port? Hell yes. The graphics are MEH (you can download a re-shade mod to make it look better) and there are frame rate drops at some points, but they do not last long. The only other ""bad"" things is that there are some characters that you can't play, even if it seems like you should be able to play them. This includes Kuro, Wapol, Vista, and Jozu.Here are some things that might improve your experience:A guide to better graphicshttps://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=544348346Xbox Button Map:http://votekick.com.au/controls/OnePiecePirateWarriorsControls.jpgMy Specs:Ram: 6 GBProcessor: Intel Core i3-2120Graphics Card: NVIDIA GeForce GT 545I'd only recommend this game if you like or have watched One Piece."
,Recommended,331600,22758354,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,MiRaKeL,"Really-really good game worth buy it  :D ONE PIECE 4ever 11/10....Play CO-OP With my cousin .Choose ZorroHe picked SanjiI Got ""B""He Got ""S"" Eventhough He Just Start Played The GameI Cried11/10 Would Cried Again D:"
,Recommended,331600,22651257,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,MattyMayhew,I want to enjoy this game but for some reason all the game does is spin around for no reason and with keyboard controlls being so weird it takes away from the fun. I would still reccomend this to anyone who can find a fix for this.
76561198220223668,Recommended,331600,30773956,Posted: 27 March,all,jamestkirk83,"This was the first musou-type game I ever played, so I think that my review is best suited for folks who are also new to the genre. If you’ve already played a lot of these games, you probably know what to expect. This is also aimed at people who really like One Piece...if you're not a One Piece fan, I don't think this game has much to offer you, and you can safely skip it.For anyone who hasn’t played a musou title, here’s my impression: Pirate Warriors 3 is definitely fun for a short amount of time, but it loses its appeal before too long. It’s great for getting in a few mindless gaming hours, just bashing away at thousands of enemies and running around a map like a chicken with your head cut off, but it’s extremely repetitive. You fight the same minions over and over, and even the bosses aren’t really all that different. Yes, the bosses have all got their unique powers from the anime, but the strategy is almost always the same…rush them with your best attacks until they die. That’s really about it. There’s nothing deep happening here. It’s like you’re taking a bunch of action figures out of your toybox and whacking them against each other. There’s obviously some appeal to that, and like I said, it’s a blast for a little while. It just couldn’t sustain my interest for the long haul.So, ultimately, Pirate Warriors 3 is fun in the short term but has no legs and isn’t worth sinking a huge amount of time into. I’m still giving it a positive recommendation…but only if you absolutely love One Piece. This game is a massive love letter to the One Piece universe. If you like One Piece, you’ll get a big kick out of this game. The voices, character designs, special powers, bright colors, music, everything about it…it’s all ripped right out of the anime. You can pretty much play as almost every single major character, both heroes and villains, from the entire history of One Piece. If you’re into One Piece, you know that’s an impressive statement: the series has dozens of characters with their own abilities and personalities and iconic designs. You’ve also got a really long story campaign where you play through a sort of greatest hits version of all the big One Piece story arcs. There’s a ton of content, with lots of story stages, a special mode where you can play through a long series of battles with different characters, and plenty of little things to unlock.Personally, I'm a big One Piece fan, so I enjoyed my time with the game. It didn't set my world on fire and I'll probably never return to it again, but it was fun for a short burst. I feel like that's worth a positive recommendation from me. That being said, the price is WAY too high for what it is. If you love One Piece and you enjoy beat-em-ups, this is worth a play and it deserves to be in your library, but for the current asking price? No way. I got it on sale for about 10 bucks, and that was fair. If you meet all the conditions that I've laid out and you still think that this game is for you, wait for a good sale, and you'll be happy."
76561198059581848,Recommended,331600,22596302,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Dickie,Need more Rubber band of Doom.
,Recommended,331600,22464764,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,AeroAlexX,One Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥cause cant play as COW Chopper... 8/10
76561198022425465,Recommended,331600,22528468,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Ricbai,would like to have more maps and adventure :)
76561198062270676,Recommended,331600,21531897,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Your Worst Daydream,"Before I do anything else, I recommend this game for the PS4 as the PC is an inferior port with weaker graphics, unpolished control details, and ZERO ONLINE CO-OP. That said, this is a Dynasty Warriors game with a One Piece paint job. As a someone who enjoys the Dynasty Warriors gameplay and is a fan of One Piece, I am pleased with how they were merged for this game. The story line is a decent retelling of the One Piece plot up to Dressrosa. There are many characters to play as, fast and fluid gameplay, and a large set of extra missions to be played beyond the story campaign.On the other hand, it is entriely subbed. If you like the japanese voice acting, you're in luck. If you'd rather hear it in english, tough cookies. The keyboard control is complete garbage, get a controller or don't even bother. Speaking of controllers, you can play co-op with split monitor if one person is playing with a controller and the other uses the mouse/keyboard. It plays like a proper DW game should and art style (while again, inferior to the console release) is nice, colorful, cartoony look that compliments the anime style. I really want to recommend this game, as I have derived several hours of single player amusement from it, but the lack of online co-op makes this a tough sell on the PC. As it stands, it is a lazy barebones port. If you are like me and don't own a new console, this will be a decent Dynasty Warriors game for any fan of One Piece, otherwise I suggest you pass this one up."
,Recommended,331600,24140529,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,~I~,"I like one piece, liked it ever since The unlimited series. Just that series and this are different, i just like ONE PIECE! I LOVE IT! If you like that DW you'll like this, they're the same thing just with OP characters. Also, I'm writing this review just so i can get that pillar community badge. Doesn't hurt to be honest. Long Live the Straw hats!"
76561198078044776,Recommended,331600,24141775,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,alen.nisivoccia,"Good enough for One Piece fans, but mechanics are quite boring honestly."
76561198262766408,Recommended,331600,24121109,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Danode,One of the best games Musou style i've ever played
76561198114645970,Recommended,331600,24323127,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,goldcakes,I love how many people I can fight at once.
76561198033131355,Recommended,331600,24278344,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Cam,"Graphics aren't top notch as they based this port on the PS Vita version, however it still looks pretty decent.  If you're a One Piece fan, chances are you can look past it.So far, i've ran into no issues and haven't noticed a single slow down.The only negative I have is the lack of cloud saves as I game on both a laptop and desktop."
,Recommended,331600,24287762,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,bambista,love this game.
76561198245265500,Recommended,331600,28703160,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,yaoi gardevoir,my only problem is that it has no controler support apart from that its great
,Recommended,331600,28557182,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,SaNaMaGiToZaKi,"If you like Dynasty Warrior's game and One Piece game, so you will love this game so much because this game is mixed between Dynasty Warrior's and One Piece... I recommend you to buy this game because the gameplay like Dynasty Warrior's with One Piece characters and i think that was awesome... I think that's all my review for this game and i hope you enjoy this game so much... :)"
76561198147103948,Recommended,331600,28282780,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Johoo,"Very excited to play this game.If you are a one piece fan, no regret to play this one."
76561198107238168,Recommended,331600,28415886,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Crawling Madness,"Do you like one piece? Then buy.Enjoy the dynasty warriors series? Then it's highly likely you'll enjoy this game too.On to specifics pro and cons about the game.Pros:+ Crush through increasingly large hordes of enemies, as your favorite one piece characters, which result in you feeling like a complete badass.+ Large variety of characters with diverse fighting styles and combo sets. Only once or twice did I feel that a combo was similar to another characters. Considering the amount of characters and combos, I found it quite impressive that they managed to make every character feel unique.+ While pretty much every mission has the same formula, misc objectives prevent the game from feeling as repetitive as one would expect. The simple formula also makes the game easy to jump into for new players.+ Can use beli (one piece currency) to level up characters up to the level of your strongest character. Preventing tedious grinding for every character.+ Awakenings for every character. Let's be honest, who doesn't enjoy their character having a badass powered-up form? Though some awakening are visually less impressive than others, all bring the badass feeling of stepping over the fading piles of your enemies to another level.Cons:- Bugs. Very frustrating bugs. VERY frustrating bugs. Bugs that make me quit playing for a couple hours. Bugs that almost make me not want to recommend the game. Though at the end of the day, I always found myself coming back to the game so I decided to reccomend.Examples:> Black screen with no audio instead of cutscenes playing. Solution: have to skip or game never continues, or close the game and reboot if that doesn't work.> Returning to main menu every time one tries to enter a level. Solution: close and reboot> Game froze while trying to save (only encountered once, granted that's two more times than I'd ever like to encounter a bug like that). Solution: close and reboot- Some characters that I considered to be somewhat significant can't be played, but do make appearances as enemies and support characters.Examples:> Arlong, Bellamy, Burgess, Hody, etc- Can't pick support characters in dream log which seems like it should be included (as some supports provide additonal benefits to other characters depending on their relationship) even if limited in force selection missions.- Zoro(New world) doesn't slide his arm out of his sleevesduring awakening and nogear fourthluffySynopsis: 7 / 10= It's a blast to play, but occasionally becomes more frustrating than fun due to bugs.Disclaimer= I'm a huge one piece fan so the review is going to contain bias.= Got the gold edition on sale for $15. If purchased for full price (currently $51.98), would not reccomend the game and the rating would be dropped to a 5/10."
,Recommended,331600,27323205,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Vlatian,"If you're a fan of One Piece, this is a must!"
76561198061600718,Recommended,331600,27935937,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,MondoCool,"Come on board and bring along,All your hopes and dreams.Together we will find everythingThat we’re looking for.One PieceCompass left behind.It’ll only slow us down.Your heart will be your guide.Raise the sails and take the helm.That legendary place,That the end of the map revealsIt’s only legendary,Till someone proves it real.Through it all,Through all the troubled time,Through the heartacheAnd through the pain.Know that IWill be there to stand by you,Just like I know you’ll stand by me.So come on board and bring along,All your hopes and dreams.Together we will find everythingThat were looking for.There is always room for you,If you want to be my friend.We are!We areOn a cruise!WE ARE!"
76561198042112995,Recommended,331600,27919373,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ErebusPhantom,"If the pictures above are why you are buying this game then stop. The PC version does not have those graphics. Get the PS4 version if you want the pretty graphics.Onto the game itself, I personally have yet to run into any bug.. or at least any ones that stand out. The gameplay is a pretty simple dynasty warriors type game. You play as a character (In this case one of OP's characters) and you run around normally capturing bases on the map and dealing with trash mobs that are.. well... mobs (Groups).If you like dyansty warriors and you like One piece, I'm sure you'll like this."
76561198331948093,Recommended,331600,27946976,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,PeaceWalker00,An amazing game to represent One Piece. Any fan of the series or the Dynasty series will enjoy this game.
76561198103928310,Recommended,331600,27136731,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Skyleigh,"if you are fans with one piece and dynasty warriors, you must buy this game!"
76561198088951413,Recommended,331600,27126264,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cuddlebudd,"Kind of bland, but if you love the anime or manga, you'll certainly love this game!"
,Recommended,331600,27139976,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Arrufreddo,For those who love one piece super much <3
,Recommended,331600,27088700,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,樱木,GOOD GAME FOR A ONE PIECE FAN !
,Recommended,331600,29092530,Posted: 7 January,all,BritishReaper199,"I have had this game for a while so i figured its about time I wrote a review and all I have to say is its a good game regardless if your a otaku, a weeb or even just a regular gamer also there are those who claim there's no controler support when the game does have support for controlrs to some extent which is good enough as all the buttons you need for the actual gameplay are all keyed to controler buttons even though they are a bit awkward to understand at first. But hey don't take my word for it the only way you can find out if you like this game is to get it and then try it out yourself"
,Recommended,331600,29048474,Posted: 5 January,all,Markus Hunter,9/10This game is great! If you like one piece.
76561198043042199,Recommended,331600,28819570,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,The Day Man,"Just started but the first painfully obvious thing is this game doesn't have a true controller support. It's bassically impossible to play with with a controller which is CRAZY because it would work so well and so easily with a controller. Also, the game is entirely subbed not dubbed. Idk if that will matter to you but it annoyed me a bit. Although, I like both."
,Recommended,331600,28975024,Posted: 3 January,all,Pim <3 Nintendo,its a great game you can run at 30 60 or variable fps any fan of the anime should buy this during a sale
76561198138385869,Recommended,331600,18777171,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,salt queen,"It's AMAZING!!!! I recommend it to all One Piece fans and / or newcomers to One Piece. It is very enjoyable and is definately my most favourite Dynasty Warriors game , and I'm not just saying that just because it's one piece. It has a variety of costumes and plenty of unlockable characters to collect. It may be challenging at times but that makes it all the better.Also , it goes through the whole story of One Piece (currently)  , so get ready and strapped tight , cos we're going through this from the start to the end!!!Also , most of the bad reviews are based on controller support , but just connect your Xbox 360 controller or whatever and it works perfectly. Also , I believe the online mode is in development , just wait and see!"
,Recommended,331600,28928297,Posted: 1 January,all,5th dimensional real nigga,"The story is great, its just like the anime. (you ♥♥♥♥ing weeaboo.) But the gameplay is too repetitive. You will find yourself fighting off crowds of enemys over and over again.I would reccomend this game if your looking for the story elements in a game instead of the gameplay."
76561198083600268,Recommended,331600,29103367,Posted: 7 January,all,Coffees,*****
76561198067140189,Recommended,331600,29114325,Posted: 8 January,all,jammmaj,"""It's not some sort of special power, but he has the ability to make allies of everyone he meets, and that is the most fearsome ability on the high seas....""- Dracule Mihawk"
76561198347507857,Recommended,331600,29107872,Posted: 7 January,all,Beginner555,จัดว่าเด็ดว่าโดนเลยฮะ
,Recommended,331600,28754536,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Qjinator,The game is awesome but sad is that some ships and characters are kinda not like in anime.or mini bosses.If there is a bost fight then it could be made like a come of Pirate warrios and burning blood.
,Recommended,331600,28993227,Posted: 3 January,all,NekoVampire,"If you like one piece (like me XD) this is the perfect game for you!The history of the game is like the anime summed up, but instead of watching them fight, it's you who are figthing.IT'S SO COOL TO FIGHT SIDE BY SIDE WITH THEM! *-*ok yah... I'm already addicted... c-c"
76561197992882220,Recommended,331600,28983938,Posted: 3 January,all,Chickenbomb,It's........ SSSSSSUUUUUUPPPPPEEEEERRRRR!
,Recommended,331600,32517423,Posted: 17 June,all,IcyCyborg,"Likes fighting, fighting, and more fighting? Start fighting already!"
,Recommended,331600,24162635,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,KaXaSA,"It's an awful PS3 port, M&K controls kinda sucks, if you plug your xbox 360 controller it works but the UI (buttons) don't change, you're stuck with an horrible low Field of View, etc.Thankfully the community fixed some of these issues:Xbox 360 and DualShock 4 controller promptsPirate Warriors 3 Modding Guide [ PC Master Race Edition]Other GuidesYes, even with all those problems I gave a positive review because the game is actually FUN and I bought this during the steam sale (75% off).I was never really a big fan of Dynasty Warriors but after playing this I will probably keep an eye open for similar games if they are released on PC.ლ(ಠ益ಠლI just hope that next time they release a proper PC version and not a bad port of an older version of the game.ლ(ಠ益ಠლ"
,Recommended,331600,32464229,Posted: 15 June,all,Puggy,very nice game! worth to buy
76561198107089599,Recommended,331600,33332356,Posted: 6 July,all,Red-Haired Shanks,Fairly fun to play whether you like one piece in the first place or not so long as yo like games involving run around beat'm ups. Good Selection of characters to choose and fight with.
,Not Recommended,331600,33014078,Posted: 29 June,all,Urall,"Have to rebind the keyboard everytime I want to play it, and the mouse isn't even used in the game, but Sanji turns love-sick at the sight of a female character and I can completely depress enemy heroes with Perona. 12/10, would recommend.*Edit: It is quite Buggy, returning to the main menu when I try to start new missions on occasion and this is only fixed by restarting the game (which as previously mentioned, requires a full key rebind as well).*Double edit: Because of how insanely Buggy the game is, I cannot recommend it to any but the most fanatic of One Piece fans. I haven't been able to sit down to a session without a mission being unavailable after a crash to the start menu, or because of the game crashing/freezing."
,Recommended,331600,33392374,Posted: 8 July,all,TreeBigEars,"Good game, alot like Dynasty warriors but yknow One Piece. Ive played too much of this bloody game."
76561198065690466,Recommended,331600,33386748,Posted: 8 July,all,Piratenumber13,Loved this game. Wish it was longer but the mode you use to unlock everything is a nice change of pace. It does get repetitive but still manages to keep some diversity with the huge collection of characters.If you enjoy dynasty warrior type games and you like One Piece there is no reason to miss out on this game.
,Recommended,331600,33373883,Posted: 8 July,all,☠ MardianZ ☠,This game soo great and soo much fun :)
,Not Recommended,331600,33426845,Posted: 10 July,all,LordHendra,bad controller support
,Recommended,331600,33435881,Posted: 10 July,all,✪ Dipsy,+10000
76561197989930228,Recommended,331600,30184409,Posted: 25 February,all,bobeagle77,"If you like Musou games(Dynasty Warriors games), the game trailers and One Piece Anime. The chances of you will liking this game are high. I like the animations and silliness of this game. Gameplay is fun if you don't mind the repetitive beat em up slaughter. Graphics are last gen and the Pc has high resolution screens settings and 60 fps. Love the option of splitscreen.Downside of this game is that it does not have full controller support. I love the xbox one controller. This controller is partially supported. Right analog and analog buttons do not work. L and R trigger act like moving camera L and R.  You can play with two xbox 360 controllers (full controller supported) or xbox one controller (partial support) and a xbox 360 controller."
76561198260680684,Recommended,331600,29113639,Posted: 8 January,all,Cavendishsama_42,"If you like hack and slash games, this game is perfect if you also watch or know at least 1 name from One Piece"
76561198196884525,Recommended,331600,29121179,Posted: 8 January,all,Jakefair,This is a really good game and fun to play but when it comes to detail there not a lot of it.
,Recommended,331600,29051437,Posted: 5 January,all,Turk3y hellcase.com,"Its joyful. Relaxing my mind. But the gameplay was close enough to dynasty warrior, maybe bcs they come from 1 developer, but if u have good joystick, and love the story game, and love playing with split screen (this game can't played multiplayer, just split screen), i think u will like it! But in my opinion, the hardest difficult is still too easy. Just it."
,Recommended,331600,28841261,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,WhoCanPeliCan,"This game is very enjoyable in general. I really love the graphics, and the gameplay itself is great. I love how all of the fights work, and how the attacks as well. It feels really great doing some of the various attacks from the show, and speaking of which, if you like the show you will like the game and it's great recreating of various events. The attacking is satisfying and feels really fun.My major problem with the game however, is that it feels a little slow. Although it is necassary for an interesting story mode, it gets rather boring running around the courses and taking forever to beat every area. This may just be my personnal game preference though, and if you enjoy the type of game where there isn't as much speed in playing, and more stratagy involved, then this may be the game for you. I personally enjoyed the playstyle of One Piece Unlimited World Red on the 3DS over this game, even if that one was a little too short.I would like to enjoy it, however I just don't like this type of game. So even though I didn't like it, this dosn't mean another person wouldn't. Although this game was a little boring for me at times, and rather exhausting to get though, I definitly did have a bit of fun, and found the game rather addictive and enjoyable."
76561198192687990,Recommended,331600,28777910,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,DidloSloopinPooper,beat the story now working on dream log no multiplayer witch sucks but got it for $10 so it's okay i guess the gameplay is amazing leel system is kinda slow but once you get to level 50 for 1 char it goes fast this is my new favorite game
76561198058911778,Recommended,331600,29674935,Posted: 3 February,all,Alex,My most favorite comic throughout my childhood. Play for memorials.
76561198353076038,Not Recommended,331600,29771338,Posted: 7 February,all,felipe.giamas,"Please I need some help to install one piece warriors pirate 3. It does't work correctly, every time that I try opening the game, I see a black (or grey) screen and after a while this window closes."
,Recommended,331600,29745018,Posted: 6 February,all,[]-XavD.V-[],This is the best ever game I played. Seem I addited for One Piece Pirate Warrior 3.. next will be 4... oh my... haha..
76561198232431436,Recommended,331600,32087503,Posted: 31 May,all,Straw hat Monkey D. Luffy,beautiful
76561198037683377,Recommended,331600,33107227,Posted: 1 July,all,Mmgala Mufufu,Good fun
76561198129654076,Recommended,331600,33119286,Posted: 2 July,all,IntelChris,"*Positive point*I like One Piece & the system game (like DW) very well... In game, i can feel the story very well.*Negative point""I thing the story in game, to short, not complete like in the manga/anime... Easy to finish, although hard mode...*Just please add the 'VS mode' so we can play this game, although this game is really clear."
,Recommended,331600,33145550,Posted: 2 July,all,ZippingAce0,"Pirate Warriors 3 is the typical Dynasty Warriors game except with the One Piece theme added to it. This game is the Third in the Pirate Warriors series but the first make its way onto Steam. From my understanding the Warriors games all use the same story content as each other with later sequels adding slightly more content than the game before it due to the anime/manga progressing in story.One Piece is a great IP and this game does do the property justice, however in order to diffrentiate itself from the sequels, Pirate Warriors 3 loses some of its original content for the sake of new content. The orignal games had QTEs with its bosses that are not present in this game and cutscenes that were fully animated in engine are mostly replaced with comic panels rendered in engine that are mainly just used for the dialog before each battle.This itteration of the series has the largest roster of characters and levels to play through. Even though Pirate Warriors 3 has the most conent out of any of the games, I am still disapointed that things like QTE sections and cutscenes were replaced or absent in this sequel and would have served to benefit the game if it had been included.I recommend that you watch/read One Piece before you play this game as for the fact that this game only pays tribute to the series and is not a substitute for watching/reading it. Overall the game is enjoyable and worth picking up if you are a One Piece fan, but the game does leave some things to be desired in terms of missing content from previous games. Nontheless this game is a decent sequel that does a good job at expanding the series even further than before."
76561198160982571,Recommended,331600,32827097,Posted: 26 June,all,DonnazWorld,"Si te gusta la serie, pero la verdad sientes que los capítulos son muy lentos, puedes empezar el juego y saber de manera muy resumida todo lo que quisiste ver, buena historia, un poco de contexto, y sobretodo que tiene elementos fundamentales de la historia completa. Es la opción perfecta para empezar a ver la serie desde el inicio."
,Recommended,331600,33433375,Posted: 10 July,all,Sweaty_Chicken,This game is amazing. They have 37 amazing characters and thier time skip forms as well. The reason this game is outstanding is the fact that they have costumes and with each costume they have different skill sets. Great game 6/10. THE game recently just deleted all of my svaed data because i wanted to switch to a harder difficulty and now i cant get all my characters back now im back to square one thanks for ♥♥♥♥ing me over.
76561198081672553,Recommended,331600,33166473,Posted: 2 July,all,Valkyrie,"It took me a while to get used to playing with a keybord, if you really like the series i suggest only buying it when heavily discounted."
,Recommended,331600,33513292,Posted: 13 July,all,Drunk Mittens,Probably the best OP game you can play and feel like you are reliving the show. Only cons are that it may crash during cut scenes and that they don't include everything from the show (cough cough Dragon) Also you can beat the crap out of Bellamy so 10/10.
76561198146468970,Recommended,331600,33495772,Posted: 12 July,all,Exeggutor,"+great outline graphic.+good story packaging for a 30-40 minutes of gameplay per stage.+fun mini events like foggy map, petrified sanji, etc.+kizuna rush=> better & infinite version of RAGE in DW series.+BELI GROWTH saved me some of my lifespan from grinding every character.+Great BGM+it's one piece dude!-minimap system, i got used to dynasty warriors series where i need only 1 button to switch to either full map or bird-eye map, in this game my concentration always gets distracted just to change it. and the bird-eye map doesn't follow the angle of the camera and it's put with fixed position so it sometimes can be confusing.-random golden coin prize, so it takes longer than expected to level break your favorite ones.-lack guide and explanation, say do you know at which level you can make magellan's pool of poison erupt? or do you know what is the effect of ""love is a hurricane"" in your kizuna rush? and which character give which kizuna effect? it's because they don't give explanation about them.-fixed difficulty on each stage, ""oh it's your fist time using Lucci? you can die within first 15 seconds in Dressrosa. every first timers have to play in the prologue stage""-no opposing forces, even in free log. sometimes it must be fun to wipe out the entire mugiwara crew as kuma, you know.-less than expected playable characters.It doesn't mean that i hate the game, no. just expecting big things in the next game. it's great overall. if you love either DW series, one piece, or mere hack n slash game you should give it a try. 9/10."
76561198133055621,Recommended,331600,33573269,Posted: 15 July,all,Gumonchoji,This game is Dynasty Warriors with One Piece Characters. Thus you fight crowds and take controle nodes. It is a fun game to destress too and something made to be fun. It is also time intensive but this is a get off work and beat up a few thousand pirates type of game. If you are looking for amazing graphics the PS4 version is better. You can make this game compare by extending the draw distances but the game is mostly made to be compatable with older systems. The only controler I have found to work is the xbox 360 and it does not permit remaping of keys.  Just learn by hitting keys. In closing it is a good game for what it is but it is not ground breaking or a something else. It is you vs 1000s.
,Recommended,331600,33564052,Posted: 15 July,all,☆~Aly~☆,"Great game! Had no problems with it. Used a steam controller and it still worked perfectly. Highly recommend it. My absolute fav and I enjoyed every minute of it. The story line is the same as the anime (some parts are a little different but nothing to a big extent) and the graphics are amazing. If you are a One Piece fan, you need this game!"
76561198135298485,Recommended,331600,33806280,Posted: 26 July,all,Kuroko-Tetsuya,Great Game must buy and play it
,Recommended,331600,33784492,Posted: 25 July,all,Shauny7488,"You can play as Crocodile, best game ever."
76561198090110783,Recommended,331600,34183662,Posted: 11 August,all,Shanks,Buy it...
,Recommended,331600,34285208,Posted: 16 August,all,RocketSauce12,"Fun game if you've ever watched One Piece or played games similiar to ""Dynasty Warrior""!"
76561198082058656,Recommended,331600,34316585,Posted: 17 August,all,RUMrunn3r66,"I really love this game and all of the koei techmo games but i can't beat the very end level mainly because it is broken.Sometimes when start the level a runtime error will occur and then other times it crashes right as i beat doflamingo and cutscene is suppose to start making me have to do the level all over again and i even used four other characters.This might need a fix but i doubt they would fix it.But don't get wrong on the fact that this is a really fun game especially if your a fan of Samurai Warriors, Dynasty Warriors, Or the anime One Piece, All this really needs is a small fix on two levels."
76561198352940526,Recommended,331600,34244138,Posted: 14 August,all,jjdg4464,"I'm very new to the Koei Tecmo legacy of musou games, and I'd never really imagined myself getting into one. But as a fan catching up to the One Piece series, it just seemed like a must-have (especially when you look at the rest of the One Piece gaming lineage). Great fun, very entertaining, good game to play when you just wanna grind in something. Very excited for Fire Emblem Warriors later this year, and Perona is best girl in the series"
76561198474746107,Recommended,331600,34258221,Posted: 15 August,all,sonicgrimlock,"ITS AWESOME!!!! Playing as Luffy with his gum gum devil fruit powers, kicking literal♥♥♥♥♥as Sanji or cutting people into shreds with Zoro and SOOO MUCH MOREE THE GAMES AWESOME BUT ONE PIECE PIRATE WARRIORS 3 IS THE BEST GAME OF ONE PIECE GAME EVER!!! I bought the gold editon and its super cool. The only complaint I have is that its a bit hard to figure out how to play at first. Unlike most games, One Piece Pirate Warriors 3 doesnt show which buttons do what but what actions do. So expect a bit of difficulty mastering the controls. I cant even lock on to a enemy. Which is fine though. I would HIGHLY reccomend this game. ITs sooo good it even is almost as good as The Devil May Cry games"
76561198407744912,Recommended,331600,34556210,Posted: 28 August,all,cro1245,very good
76561198025787553,Recommended,331600,35039036,Posted: 17 September,all,Jovee,Good game. But I simply cannot force myself to play these kind of action games with only a keyboard. And I have no xbox controllers. Play it if you do.
,Recommended,331600,34975401,Posted: 15 September,all,A pretty fly guy,"This is 1 hell of a One Piece game. It follows the story well (Except for the fighting part, but it's a lot of fun getting new combos and figuring out how to use them) and i'm so glad i managed to pick up it for 10 euro's during a sale. Great game."
76561198087729677,Recommended,331600,35067755,Posted: 19 September,all,F91,10/10 BEST GAME !!
,Recommended,331600,28196159,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Kyle Eleison,"-. Good story-. Awesome character-. Simple to play-. Just hope, there will be steam cloud system for saving the game"
,Recommended,331600,34950924,Posted: 14 September,all,Rigsteel,"Love this game, probably better than any dynasty warriors since you can basically do the coolest combos with the quirkiest characters, varying in size and effectiveness. You get to use your allies for combos and it's the most fun I've ever had with an anime game. However, I'm experiencing freezing mid mission and now I'm waiting to upgrade my computer cause there's so much happening in this game. xD"
,Recommended,331600,35213024,Posted: 25 September,all,ToNy Phong,that not work why?
,Recommended,331600,35134210,Posted: 22 September,all,Nelipod,A must buy for One Piece fans
76561198407019501,Recommended,331600,35193888,Posted: 24 September,all,fabulous_mate,Don't buy this game unless you have read or watched OP and and found joyable.
,Recommended,331600,35163657,Posted: 23 September,all,ZyoZyo Pintam Hellcase.com,GOD DAMNIT THIS GAME NEEDS MULTIPLAYER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198242548644,Recommended,331600,35186430,Posted: 24 September,all,NameLeSS,Ace~~QAQ
76561198293426339,Recommended,331600,35163448,Posted: 23 September,all,Kazuyuki,"massive gameplay, great combat system   One piece lover <3definitely recommend it ⭐⭐⭐⭐"
76561198141068469,Recommended,331600,25484545,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,TheZebraDude,the only problem I have with this gmae is that they made Robins sunglasses wrong.All in all a very good One piece game8/10
,Recommended,331600,35391747,Posted: 1 October,all,Thrasos,+ Nice graphics+ Very light requirements+ Great sound design+ Big roster with unique abilities+ Great fun and stress release+ Many hours to sink in since there are a lot of achievements and stuff to unlock- Can get a bit repetitive- Can get a bit grindy if you want to complete all of it
76561198080781826,Recommended,331600,35429431,Posted: 2 October,all,ninjor207,"Having never seen One Piece I found this a great way to introduce myself to the world and become invested in it.It's colourful, fun and interesting.A solid Warriors game, that has things to do even after you've beat the story mode, fun things at that.I never felt like I was grinding in this game.I want more."
