user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,332200,19935499,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,(+[__]::) Stovich,"Let's assume that you already know that this is a metroid clone. Exploration, upgrades, weapons, etc. The question, is what differentiates Axiom Verge from its best competitors in the genre? Metroid-style games are common, and there are plenty of great examples that populate the modern PC game library. Ori and the Blind Forest, Guacamelee, Shadow Complex, and Mystik Belle are all good games that fall in the category.On the surface, Axiom Verge looks and feels like the classic NES Metroid. Deep down, it STILL feels like the classic NES Metroid, except it has tighter controls and a few neat tricks (like phasing through walls and corrupting enemies with a glitch-gun).What TRULY makes Axiom Verge stand above its competitors, is its ability to captivate the player by allowing them to get lost in an alien world. While all of the above-mentioned metroidvania games guide the player's exploration by bombarding them with ""Go here next"" hints, objective markers, and compasses, Axiom Verge stands alone by refusing to hold your hand and tell you where to go next. The main design aspect that seperated Metroid & Super Metroid from Metroid Fusion, was that the first two never held your hand. Instead they allowed you to, again, get lost in a mysterious alien world.So... Is Axiom Verge innovative? No, but it does what it set out to do so well that you might even recapture the same feelings you felt when you popped a Super Metroid cart into your SNES for the first time. Axiom Verge is a captivating game with much to see and do.The plot is mysterious and full of twists. Trace, the oddly-named main character, is a hapless victim of an accident that throws him deep inside of an unknown world, alone and unguided. The level design is engaging and packed with tons optional upgrades and weapons. Speaking of which, there are over 20 unique weapons, and a lot of them are just plain crazy. I can't forget to mention that there are plenty of ways to traverse the labyrinthine world of Axiom Verge, from ceiling-hook swinging Bionic Commando-style, to airdashing, to teleporting through thin walls, to remotely controlling small drones.You might be thinking ""This is kind of expensive for such an old-looking game."" But I assure you that Axiom Verge is one of the finest games in its genre. It isn't short either. Of 48 players polled, it took over 11 hours on average to complete the game."
76561198012854670,Recommended,332200,32324627,Posted: 10 June,all,FelCros,"Very solid metroid style game. You could talk about the fact that one single person made it, but honestly it's good by any standard. Solid mechanically, stylistically beautiful, interesting storyline, challenging without being cheap or frustrating. Worth playing for any fan of retro gaming or side scrollers."
,Recommended,332200,16006777,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Special Needs Forces,"Remember the demonic imagery and disturbing backgrounds of Ninja Gaiden as you got closer and closer to fighting the demon? How about the sci-fi creepiness of Metroid? Or the creepy alien lair of Contra?Axiom Verge takes these elements and cranks them up. The setting is creepy, the music unsettling, and the story increasingly disturbing. There's even some impressively melancholy chiptune music at one point.The game first starts out as an utterly shameless ripoff of Metroid. I'm talking totally shameless - everything from the enemy types to the types of environments encountered early in the game, to the Super Metroid-esque map - it all screams Metroid, and it's painfully blatant, to the point where I rolled my eyes and thought ""Does this game have *any* originality?"".Well, it does.  Not only does the game not continue in this direction, it even deliberately subverts expectations.See that thin space that you just can't fit through? In Metroid, you'd get through it by turning into a ball. Axiom Verge never gives you an equivalent ability, but rather, a drone that can fit through spaces that you cannot. High up areas that you can't reach? Grappling hook - there is no Space Jump. Thin walls blocking your path? No, you don't speed through them and break them - you teleport through them with a special jacket. You don't freeze enemies to stand on them - you ""glitch"" some of them to stand on them, or you ""glitch"" the world on occasion.What's this about ""glitches""? Well, Axiom Verge has a little fun with the fourth wall. Remember how NES games looked when they weren't working right? When graphics glitches caused things to get garbled and strange looking? When in some cases, a graphics glitch would even transform an enemy or object in such a way that its behavior became totally different? (as just one example, Chip and Dale on the NES had a weird glitch in the sewers level at the point where you went up, where if you managed to get the water at the bottom of the screen to turn white, you can suddenly stand on it as if it were ground)Well, this game does that for deliberate and sometimes unsettling effect. There are ""fake graphics glitches"" you encounter quite often, which perfectly simulate what actual NES games looked like when they malfunctioned. The glitches and how they are used almost make it seem as if the world is tearing itself apart - an impressive way to take an error from our childhoods and use it as both plot and gameplay device, not to mention to add atmosphere. There are even some creepy ""outer world"" areas that look like unholy glitched up messes with some filters that approach the fourth wall, such as filters to make the game suddenly look like it's being played on an old TV that's dealing with interference.Your ""glitch gun"" weapon (it's called the Address Disruptor) can invoke this deliberately to a degree, as it transforms enemies into glitchy abominations and even changes their behavior. An enemy may slow down, change its attacks from ones that harm you to ones that break through walls, or even try to escape you. Some of these behavior changes are the sort of thing you'd expect to see from a messed-up Game Genie code used on the NES. Or, appropriately, what NES games do when the memory addresses of objects get disrupted. This game's sole designer, Tom Happ, really knows the NES.The graphics, while retro-inspired, actually use certain design elements of the olden days to intentional effect. Areas tend to have their own color scheme. While NES games tended to do this out of necessity (without going into super technical detail, the NES had strict color limits due to how it handled its 8 palettes at any given time), this game does it deliberately. It starts out looking a lot more NES-esque, but gradually, more color is used. It works, and the areas, while generally not having more personality beyond ""creepy and alien"", ""super creepy and alien"", ""disturbing and alien"", and ""kinda creepy but cool, and alien"", still look distinctly different. They range from tunnels with pulsating organs hanging on threads to a very strange forest that looks like something that could not only never exist on Earth, but on any planet in this universe.The music and sound design is... interesting. Sounds are often loud and piercing, similar to old games. I assume this was intentional. The music is entirely different, and is quite the genre mix. One song I found particularly memorable started out as a melancholy NES chiptune with echo effects, and started getting louder and with more electronic non-NES instruments added. Another song features alien lyrics and chanting.The world is huge. You will get lost. You gain new abilities and new weapons constantly, giving a rather impressive feeling of progression that few games match. As you get new abilities that aid in travel, you'll naturally have to use them, and that's when it's time to look at the map and see which areas haven't been filled out. The hallway that seems to cut off on the map - is that because you got stopped by something and were unable to reach the end? Might want to check it out.The problem is that backtracking takes longer the further you get in the game, and there just aren't enough connecting areas or fast means of travel to really speed it up that much. I didn't find it a dealbreaker, and some enjoy that aspect of the game, but just be aware that it's there.My other complaint is that the end of the game ramps up the difficulty to such a degree that I had to use cheap tactics to fight the last few bosses and deal with annoying, tough new enemy types. I felt like I was fighting cheapness with my own cheapness. Not the best way to end the game.Despite these complaints, Axiom Verge is an amazing game, especially for being made entirely by one person in his spare time over 5 years. It's more than just a nostalgic throwback to the creepier side of the NES with its Contra, Ninja Gaiden and Metroid inspirations along with its oddly unsettling use of ""glitches"". It's also an amazingly creative experience that plays with the expectations of the 30-somethings and late 20-somethings that it's aimed at. Even if you hold no such nostalgia for that era and that style of game, it's still a great game."
,Recommended,332200,32709445,Posted: 23 June,all,knarshade,"Do you like Super Metroid? if you do, just play this game.This game has a lot of exploration, a lot of colectables and weapons, a big world filled with secrets, a very interesting story, a lot of cool abilities and a very cool artstyle.This days the tag ""metroidvania"" is on almost half of all the indie games I see on steam. But I  can honestly say, that this one is one of the few (if not the only one) that truly deserves that tag.It gives you the feel of those 2d metroid and castlevania games, but with a lot of little tweaks that brings that play style to the new era of gamming.To make this whole thing even more amazing, this game was made by just one man. And the love this guy put on this game is amazing, you can really feel it and it's speacially clear when you look at all the atention every little detail of this game had. Also the dev is very active on the forum, and will help you out with any technical issue you're having.Amazing art, amazing gameplay and a lot of replayability. You can't go wrong with this game."
,Recommended,332200,17169855,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,twiggle,"This game is amazing, probably in my top 5 favorite games. It's a HUGE game, with so much to do. The gameplay is great, and there are plenty of secrets to find. At first, the sense of exploration made me keep playing, finding out how to do certain things, finding new areas to explore, etc. But after about half way through the game, the main thing I wanted to do was find out what happened next in the story, and i'm not really a big story guy. I wont say anything about it specifically in order to keep this review spoiler-free, but you can look up the trailer to get started.Gameplay: 9/10The gameplay is great. It's a sidescroller, but by the end of the game there is so many maneuvers to do that it gets quite challenging. Another great thing about the gameplay is that I didn't find myself getting stuck anywhere to the point I had to look something up. Sure, you might have to think about it for a while, and the game is really challenging at times, but there is something so rewarding about figuring something out on your own, it's fantastic. The only problem with the gameplay was that some of the weapons seemed completely inferior to the base gun, which isn't really a downside but doesn't add much to the game.Music/SFX: 7/10The music was pretty good, it was fitting. Nothing that stood out too much, but also nothing that I really despised either.The sound effects were for the most part good, except for the drill hitting something that couldn't be drilled sounded similar to scratching finger nails against a chalkboard (which makes sense actually... but couldve chosen something less aggressive)Story: 10/10Like I said before, I don't want to spoil anything, but the story is simply fascinating. It what motivates you to keep exploring.Controls: 9/10The controls were really solid on the xbox-360 controller. I'm not sure how the keyboard support is, but judging by the movements you have to do it would seem to be pretty hard. This is really just a personal preference.Graphics: 11/10HOLY COW the graphics are amazing in this game. I don't really have anything else to say but WOW.There is also a ""hard"" mode, and a ""speedrun"" mode, as well as completionist achievements for those who want to play even more. For the speedrun mode there are even leaderboards, which is great. Overall this game was well worth $20, maybe even $25."
,Recommended,332200,30928700,Posted: 3 April,all,Wolfenstrike,The best Metroid game Nintendo never made.
,Recommended,332200,20239793,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Haette,Tom Happ does what Nintendon't.
,Recommended,332200,19202844,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Yoj,"Axiom Verge is basically a Metroid clone and a great one at that. Thomas Happ did an excellent job in creating not just a metroidvania game, but the classic 2D Metroid game.Just one look at Axiom Verge and you'll immediately get that Metroid feel. From the overall look & feel and level design to enemy types, weapons and play mechanics, Axiom Verge draws heavily from Nintendo's cult classic. And that is certainly a good thing in my book. This game is basically the original Metroid on steroids, made with modern tech and little to none of the annoying old limitations.Yet, despite drawing so much from Metroid, one shouldn't dismiss just how original Axiom Verge actually is — Thomas Happ has created a unique world with interesting characters and story. Nor should anyone doubt the high quality of this game: the graphics and overall visual design are gorgeous, music and sound effects are atmospheric and fit the game perfectly, controls are spot on and everything is pretty much just right.Just as any Metroid game should, Axiom Verge features an extensive map, which is made up from different zones, all of which feature their own design and style. As you play you will slowly uncover more and more parts of the map, with some of them becoming available to you only after you'll get new upgrades and abilities. As you would expect, there is quite a lot of platforming in this game, with some of it being rather challenging, but none of it's really unfair — if some of it may seem that way, then you probably don't have the necessary equipment yet. Unlike most metroidvania games, which almost exclusively take place in rather small enclosed areas, Axiom Verge features some broad open areas, which nicely break up the the regular flow and add some additional variety to the game.The boss fights in Axiom Verge are exciting, with bosses being interesting and huge, in fact some of them are so huge that the screen zooms out to be able to show them completely. As with most things in this game, some bosses are better fought with particular weapons that you may not have when first encountering them, so it may be a better option to keep exploring than fighting at the first possibility. As with the bosses, enemies in this game are very interesting both in design and behaviour/attack types and patterns.Among the more unique game mechanics in Axiom Verge is the glitch gun, which serves many different purposes (like opening up passages, traversing the map, etc), but also can modify the enemy units. Glitching the enemies causes them to change in one way or another, gaining new properties, which you can utilise for your own purposes.All in all Axiom Verge is a great game which you definitely should play, even if you aren't a fan of the genre. It's a darn shame that almost nobody did — at the time of the review, SteamSpy estimates the sales at ~29K copies.P.S. For more awesome hidden gems, follow theCRIMINALLY Low Salessteam curator."
76561197993891197,Recommended,332200,21544225,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,CtrlAltDestroy,"It’sabout timesomeone put the Metroid back in Metroidvania.Like the “roguelike,” the “metroidvania” genre has been watered down as of late, sometimes meaning nothing more than “you can backtrack if you want to find shortcuts and stuff.” Axiom Verge is about as faithful as you can get to the source material. There are no waypoints telling you where to go next. Youwillget lost. Youwillspend half an hour trying to figure out where to go next. And once you find the way, it’ll feelamazing, kind of like discovering a hidden room in your own house. But being lost for a while isn’t so bad, because there’s optional hidden stuff everywhere that will make you more powerful in a staggering number of ways. Rest assured that you will definitely need to hunt around a bit for some power, as the game’s difficulty can ramp up to near-impossible levels if you don’t have enough HP or firepower to deal with the stuff you'll stumble across. With its branching paths, interconnected areas, and numerous secrets, the level design borders on perfection.And then there are the upgrades. You’ve got your standard expected powerups like high-jump, life expansions, and alternate weapons… but there’s also a half-dozen powerups that youwill never see coming, and this is where the game really shines. In Metroidvania games, we’ve trained ourselves to watch our surroundings and say “Hey, there’s a blocked passage with some obstacles in front of it. Guess I better come back when I’ve got the right upgrades.” But Axiom Verge does a great job of keeping this from even happening; the powerups aresounique and different than what you’d expect that you’ll never be able to spot where they’re used ahead of time, so you’ll have to periodically wander around with a fresh eye to re-evaluate the world using your current abilities. If you remember that magical moment when you got the Space Jump in Super Metroid and realized “Whoa, I canflynow?!” You’ve got a good idea of what to expect from the powerups in this game. (In fact, don’t even watch the trailer. It spoils some of ‘em.)The sound and art direction is scary good. Without spoiling anything, the game paysveryclose attention to detail, and you’ll constantly be finding little things to appreciate. The artistic design of the environments will trigger a lot of recognition not only from Super Metroid, but also from Fusion and Zero Mission. I love how creepy some of the environments are; if you’ve ever felt that Metroid games didn’t have enough creepy organic elements in the stage design, this game’s got you covered.My nitpicks are comparatively small:- Late into the game, the controls start to get questionable. You’ll have to juggle about 6 buttons for special items alone, and there’s one item which is too easy to misfire on accident if you’re not careful. Hope you've got a controller.- The story’s a bit on the incomprehensible side. There is no awesome “baby Metroid saves you” moment; instead there are only a handful of ""WTF"" moments and no straightforward explanation for them. The ending was less than satisfying, and apparently the biggest questions will be answered in the sequel.- While the soundtrack is very stylish and distinguishable, I found it lacking some powerful melodies. Out of all the tracks, only about one of them is melodic enough to hum. Most of the tracks have a heavy, same-sounding techno beat which could get tiring to hear after a while.Overall, Axiom Verge does for Super Metroid what Shovel Knight did for Mega Man, going above and beyond a simple homage and demonstrating an astounding understanding both of what Metroid fans wanted, and how the formula could be expanded using new ideas. Game length is about 10 hours on the initial playthrough if you take your time and hunt for stuff without a guide. The homage bits are spot-on, and the new ideas are brilliant, sometimes shocking. Despite some nitpicks, I give the game a solid 9/10. The gameplay was thoroughly satisfying from beginning to end.Is it worth the $20 asking price? It’s a bit steep. I think that if you’re not sure what you’re getting into, wait for a 25-50% sale. But if I were to ask you “Have you ever wished that you could go back in time and re-live the day you played Super Metroid for the first time, so that everything would feel new again?” and you were to respond “hell yes,” then the game is worth every penny. Go support this developer; you won’t regret it."
,Not Recommended,332200,20021185,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Sweetz,"Axiom Verge is another game for which I wish Steam had a neutral ranking.  I'd call the game ""tentatively recommended...with many caveats"".  Lacking such a rating category, I'll have to lean on the side of not recommending it.My number one complaint about the game is that the secrets, of which there are many, are handled in far, far too archaic a manner.  Basically there are tons of blocks which appear solid but can be passed in one way or another; some are telegraphed visually, but many are not.  This makes upgrade/secret hunting an excruciatingly tedious process of trying your several wall bypassing abilities on nearly every wall in the game.  This isn't fun.  Upgrade hunting in Metroidvanias is rewarding when there's some hint or indication that you can come back and get something later - and you remember it and do so.  Stumbling into a hidden room because you exhaustively tried every ability on every wall in the adjoining area doesn't make you feel clever, it makes you feel like your time is being wasted by a developer who has no concept of fairness.I finished the game with barely half of its available weapon arsenal, which I only realized upon consulting a guide after the fact.  Some were hidden so fiendishly that I'm surprised a developer would go so far out of their way to discourage the average player from getting to experience some of the more entertaining weapons that said developer surely put good effort into creating.  Even if you do find some of them, most can only be obtained so late in the game that you never really have much time to play with them anyway, which is a shame because they are all pretty interesting and fun to use.Many details of game's story are similarly buried in hard to find journal entries, and from what I gather it seems like the developer is a bit too enamored with his grand designs there as well.  It's overly complex and too obfuscated for the passive manner in which its delivered and I once again can't understand the logic of putting all that effort into it, only to then hide it except from the most obsessive of players.Now that being said -  you can ignore the secrets, ignore the story, play the game in a straightforward manner - and it manages to be a decent Metroidvania, although even then not without foibles. Primary among them is a type of dash ability obtained roughly half-way through the game.  This is activated by double tapping a movement direction which, when playing with an analog stick (an absolutely fine input method before that point) is often accidentally activated when you don't want it to, and annoying to pull off with appropriate timing when you do want to use it.  A button dedicated to the dash would have been preferable.The tile based graphics are also a little too slavishly retro for my taste, to the extent that I'd even call the game ugly in parts, and on several occasions I had trouble distinguishing between foreground and background tiles.  In my defense, this is because there are places the sames tiles are actually used for both - which is another of the misleading methods by which paths to items are hidden.The difficulty can range from infuriating to a breeze, completely dependent on what weapons you've found.  While the ease with which some bosses can be dispatched with optional weapons would be a good reason to encourage exploration - as a new player experiencing the game for the first time, you have no idea that these weapons are out there to be found.Ultimately, I had some fun with the core game, but took no joy in the exploration and backtracking because of how things were hidden and that's pretty damning for a Metroidvania.  There are far better examples of the genre in recent memory."
,Recommended,332200,16208811,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Caomhainn,"Axiom Verge feels and plays like a love letter from Tom Happ to the genre and to everyone who enjoys Metroidvania Games.It's a true piece of art.Developer: Thomas Happ Games LLCPublisher: Thomas Happ Games LLCRelease Date: 14th May, 2015Oh boy where do I begin?Well I guess I start of by introducing the man who gifted us his love letter to the metroidvania genre.Meet Tom Happ!Thomas Happ, or Tom Happ as he’s called, might be a name you could be familiar with if you played games likeTiger WoodsorGrey Goo.Axiom Verge is hislittlepart-time hobby which started in March 2010.After 5 years he went ahead and released the game on March 31st, 2015 for the PS4 and for the PC on May 14th.Now here comes the thing that amazes me the most. He workedsolelyon the project.So Tom Happ is responsible for the amazing pixel art, the fitting soundtrack, coding and of course game design.So after I’ve introduced the man himself to you let’s dive intoAxiom Vergeaxiomˈaksɪəm/nouna statement or proposition which is regarded as being established, accepted, or self-evidently true.vergevəːdʒ/nounan edge or borderan extreme limit beyond which something specified will happen.You slip into the role of Trace, a scientist in the near future. After your labor blowed up you awake on an alien planet and you hear a strange voice , which you can barely understand …Now before I get into the Story let me talk about something else first.NostalgiaBoy I really fell in love with the game. Despite my lack of hours I’ve put in, thanks to that thing they callReal Life(sigh), I’ve seriously fallen for the game.Nostalgia … NOSTALGIA!Excuse me. Now let me explain. It’s nearly impossible to talk aboutAxiom Vergewithout talking aboutMetroid, one of Nintendo’s finest.Basically this game looks, feels and plays like a love letter toMetroid. And this isn’t even a bad thing! Au contraire!Well you see for theolder generation, or let’s be a bit nicer and say for usVeteransit’s something we longed for. We wished for. We needed.While there are numerous good games on the market, be it 2D, 2.5D or 3D there’s nothing quite like a Metroid or a Metroidvania for that matter.And boy this game is one of the best if not THE BEST Metroidvania which was released in the last years.As you might have noticed, I do have quite an affection for Metroid and the Metroidvania genre.But let that not blind you! While I get critically hit by the games Nostalgia strike, I have to say it’s damn near perfect. Especially if you consider that one sole human being was responsible for it.Let’s talk about the gameI don’t want to spoil too much so I try to keep it rather short, since exploration is key for anyMetroidvania.As I mentioned earlier you slip into the role of Trace, a scientist, which awakes on an alien and high-tech planet after suffering a fatal injury. Confused as to where he is and whether he’s still alive or not and what this is all about he tries to makes sense of his situation.After hearing a strange voice which seems to try to help him he ventures into the next room and finds a Weapon …Thus begins your Story inAxiom Verge.With a weapon in your hand, it’s now up to you to explore your new environment and try to make sense of your situation. Death? Illusion? Afterlife? Reality? Dream?It’s now up to you to figure out what exactly happened to you.After you’ve explored a bit you might notice the game has several glitches. Those are intended. Those glitches can be anything. Power Ups for your character or even Secret Rooms. It’s up to you to find them to gain new powers so you can explore every bit of this weird place you’ve found yourself in.You’ll find numerous Power Ups which will help you out in one way or another.Most of the time a new Power Up means that you’re now able to reach new areas you’ve been unable to reach.The Drill for example allows you to, while dealing damage to enemies, destroy certain rocks which will occasional block your path.So you see there’s something for every situation.The game features a variety of enemies and bosses and also secret labyrinths which feature unique creatures and bosses.So let’s talk about the boss fights for a bit here. If you’re new to theMetroidvaniagenre then they might, maybe, hard for you but if you’ve played games like this before then they might be actually a bit too easy.This might be really the only negative aspect of the game that I could find.Everything else, the art, game design and music … Those all work in perfect harmony.What else can I say?Nostalgia! NOSTALGIA! If you grew up with games like this then this will be a must have for you. I guarantee it. Even if you’ve never played a game like this before I’d say go ahead and buy it. I truly believe that it’s the perfect entry into theMetroidvaniagenre, if that is, you’re not able to get your hands onMetroid.Even if you just want to try something new this might be just the game for you."
76561198025301599,Recommended,332200,19027710,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,ZOR33L is,"When it comes to “Axiom Verge” there are two certainties, one it’s a complex and challenging experience, and two it’s down right addicting. Axiom Verge is game that pays homage to the Metroidvania genre, made famous in the 90’s by games like Super Metroid and Castlevania. If still unfamiliar with either of the titles the primary objective of the game is to explore an environment slowly acquiring new equipment in order to traverse other parts of the map. Axiom Verge excels at recreating what made those games so special.the 2D side scrolling gameplay is a wonderful compliment to the vibrant colors in each of the different areas. As the player traverses the game’s many different environments a massive sense of nostalgia is bound to kick in as every sound and pixel is reminiscent of the past games. There is a real feeling of retro gaming, but like most modern games there is a wonderful twist.Axiom Verge is a game that pays excellent homage to games of the past like Metroid and Castlevania while still doing it’s own thing. The map may be confusing at times, but Axiom Verge is still an amazingly addicting experience."
,Recommended,332200,23318471,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Neurotic Wolf,"Axiom Verge is one of those \""rare\"" games that comes along once per gaming generation.  Not only does it simply ooze style and atmosphere, it also contains a well crafted story as well as gameplay.  Every time I turn it on I become ensared in its world.  Let us not allow this game to ever die.-Intriguing Story-Balance Gameplay-Beautiful Artistic Design-Memorable Soundtrack-Haunting atmosphere"
76561197993777365,Recommended,332200,22852071,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Gaston Beton,"AXIOM VERGE has been praised - and deservedly so. Everything the positive reviews tell you is true: The controls are tight, the game is expansive, it lets you explore at your own pace, the difficulty is perfect (tough yet fair). It is everything modern games are not: earnest in design, unpretentious, filled with mechanics waiting to be learned and applied. That's all you need to know - If I went into any more detail, I'd just be repeating what the other fellas told you. It's true. This game is terrific.Let me point out something else instead: AXIOM VERGE is trippy. The right kind of trippy too. They totally chanelled Tsutomu Nihei's BLAME and BIOMEGA mangas in terms of story and aesthetics. (If you haven't read those: get 'em, they're fun!) You won't see ACTIVISION or BETHESDA doing that anytime soon.To sum up: I totally dig this game. It's the best kind of pop-culture: playfully referential, tight, well-designed, flowy, psychedelic and, oh yeah, the soundtrack is super too."
,Recommended,332200,32697087,Posted: 23 June,all,Jahneboi,"This game is absolutley fantastic, and I should have wrote this review earlier.. If you loved the old school 2d Metroid games, then I would highly reccomend picking this game up. It really captures the ""MetroidVania"" feel very well. However, rather than being a carbon copy of the game it is obviously inspired by, it brings many new and interesting mechnics to the table, such as the modular weapons system and the gun you can use to ""glitch"" enemies, reduccing them to what look like corrupted SNES sprites. The bosses are fun and the game itself is reasonably challanging. There is a huge focus on exploration, with many power-ups and lore notes to collect. The game has a lonley, desolate and surreal atmosphere that is very well protrayed by the art, music, and story. It feels like you are having some weird, halluconigenic fueled fever dream and it's actually really awesome. The art style is extremley reminicent of the origonal Metroid for the NES, with it's reds, purples, blues, and blacks in the environment detail and it's strange alien life. However, it adds a certain trippy, surreal touch to it that make it very interesting. The music is very strange yet extremley fitting, and spritework is gorgeous. The story, although a little hard to follow at times, is very unique and well done, and the characters, although few, are very memorable.PROS:-fun, interesting gameplay-absoultley beautiful spritework, especially in the backgrounds and the Russalka-unique soundtrack that really captures the feel of the game world-challanging-lots of secret areas-cool and unique gameplay mechanics-haunting, lonley, and surreal atmosphere. It's like a bad trip.-unique and interesting sci-fi story-LORE NOTES :OCONS:-The ""glitch"" themed secret areas (forget exactly what they are called) are very unnoticable and difficult to find. Maybe there was a mechanic I was missing for locating them or something?-same music for every boss barring the final one (very minor nitpick)-a few of the enimies in particular (yes I'm talking about the guys that spew gas out of their backs) are very annoying-story is hard to follow at times-sometimes I felt like I was lost and could not figure out where to go, especially later in the game.I, personally would give this game an 8.75/10. It was tremendous fun to play, and really gave me that old school metroid nostalgia. My only nitpicks are what I listed in the cons and that it at times feels too much like Super Metroid. While these flaws are pretty minor, they are just enough to keep me from giving it a 9/10, despite my love for the game and it's fantastic artwork and music. I was actually tempted to tack another point on the rating I gave it just because it was made by one person alone, which really shows his skill and dedication as a game developer. If a sequel is ever made (not sure how likley that is) I would for sure buy it."
,Recommended,332200,15880875,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,A Vacuum Full of Bees,"This game is incredible.  From the mind of one man, who made all the art, music, story and gameplay, comes one of the best Metroid games I've ever played(my favorite game series, sans Other M).  Now, that's being a bit disingenuous, since Axiom Verge very much adds a lot to the Metroid formula, though makes no bones about where its inspirations initially come from.Through abilities such as teleportation, the Address Disruptor(a gun that creates NES-era visual data corruption on objects and enemies, similar to if you put an NES cart in wrong), the drone, and other abilities, it expands on the standard 2D Metroid gameplay in a huge way.  The lack of a run button is kind of a bummer, but that's a minor quibble, and the only major gripe is that teleportation requires a double-tap in the direction you want to teleport, which means trying to do this on an analog stick is pretty much luck-based.  I wind up going sideways when I want to go up, up when I want to go sideways far too often, but there's other means of movement that I can resort to to avoid that.The graphics are incredible.  Using a faux-8-bit style with setpieces and bosses that fill the screen(or beyond!), I would say it is a visual combination of Metroid and H.R. Geiger.  Every single tile and object is covered with minute details, from dents and rust on bosses and enemies, to throbbing veins in organic scenery.  The Rusalki are incredibly unnerving looking, as you'll see as you play the game.  The gross organic look of many objects and enemies mixed with the technological parts of others makes for horrible techno-organic nightmare machines.  Backgrounds and terrain are lovingly detailed, and the special effects are straight-up surprising.  While I've been following the game for a while and thus knew about things like the Address Disruptor's effects, or what a boss death looks like, these things will likely shock a new player with their ""oh, right, this is a modern game!"" effect.The weaponry is plenty and varied.  Not all are useful, plenty are gimmicky, but most have their time to shine.  I wound up sticking with the starter weapon for long range, and the Kelver for close up for most of the game, switching to about a half dozen other weapons throughout the game for specific reasons.  At the end I still hadn't found a full half of the total weapon count, so I'm eager to get back in and track them down.The music is outstanding.  The boss fight themes are all frantic and intense, and the general world exploration themes are fitting to their respective zones.  I am definitely going to buy the soundtrack once it goes on sale.The story starts off as basically Half-Life 1.  Lab experiment goes wrong, you get teleported to hostile alien world full of horrible death creatures.  Trace is a pretty interesting character whose reactions to things are pretty justified.  The Rusalki, your ""narrators"", essentially, are alien AI and have different personalities themselves that evolve as the game progresses.  By the end, I was mostly satisfied with the story, and a few sections of the game blew me away(the Hallucination section, in particular, was one of my favorite parts of a game in years).  Athetos, Trace, the Rusalki, they COULD have had more fleshed out stories, but I think it was fine as it was.  There's more to the story in hidden notes and such, possibly a true ending as well?  Not entirely sure, still haven't collected everything as of this review.Game time clocked in at around 12-13 hours total for a 70% playthrough for me.  I'm the sort to fumble around trying to find secrets though, so an 8-10 hour playthrough wouldn't surprise me, and there's a speedrun achievement for beating it in 4 hours, so there's that.  It's definitely a much longer Metroid game than most Metroids tend to be.Overall I'd say this was a 10 out of 10.  The only complaint of mine, detailed earlier, is for a single movement ability that works most of the time.  I was constantly exploring new regions and surprised by the variety in terrain, the music is great, very fitting, and only gets better as the game goes on, the gameplay was fun and very varied while providing plenty of options for weaponry, the visuals are some of the best 8-bit style graphics ever made, and the story is perfectly serviceable.  A must-buy if you enjoy Metroid games, or platformers in general!"
,Recommended,332200,23445741,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,DoubleCakes,"Axiom Verge is a Metroidvania. We have plenty of those. But Axiom Verge is a cut above. It is a quality title and unlike many others in the genre, AV takes most of its inspiration from the original Metroid from the NES. In fact, it almost feels like spiritual successor of both Metroid.You step in to the shoes of Trace, a scientist who awakes in a mesmerizingly desolate world after apparently dying in a laboratory explosion. The plot of AV is Trace finding out the strange truth behind the world he's arrived in, the creatures that reside there, and what happened to him in that explosion.The presentation of AV is a knock-out. Everything from graphics, the character designs, the sound, the music, the plot, and even the carefully-picked dialogue comes together to build this eldritch, dreamlike journey through the world of Sudra. The moment-to-moment action is already quite engaging and responsive but having that extra element of atmosphere just heightens the play and makes Axiom Verge a very captivating experience.This game gives you many upgrades to find (many of them secret) and they are always satisfying to procure. There are more than 20 guns for the player to use including a special “Glitch gun” that has unique wild effects on each of the world's enemies. You are welcomed and encouraged to experiment with all of Trace's arsenal and chances are you'll be surprised with how fun some of these weapons can be.There is a flaw to this game and it's hard to put one's finger on. Exploring this psychedelic world should be a little bit more exciting. Maybe its the backtracking or maybe the world just doesn't have enough detail in its design, but moving through the world isn't as fun as the more critical moments in the game. Dare I say, it can be boring.However, overall this is a recommended game. It takes many appropriate lessons from the classics of genre and is put together so well that it will likely be considered a classic in the coming years. Those wanting to play a truly great Metroidvania or maybe those who have not been sold on the genre should check out Axiom Verge."
,Recommended,332200,15847897,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Auburok,"Axiom Verge is a good game in the vein of Metroid/Super Metroid with Castlevania-esque graphics circa 1990. It's rather impressive for a title made by one person, but it's not without faults. The gameplay itself is very tight and enjoyable, and the story, while sort of predictable, is interesting to a point. There's a ton of upgrades to obtain, and many of them are optional. One thing I do like is that most upgrades boost the stats of all of your weapons, including damage, bullet size and range. This is an excellent way to make weapons feel less useless throughout the game, but the problem is there's so many weapons that you'll likely only use a handful of them. I think I had around 13 or so, and I kept defaulting to the best ones, some of which are from the first quarter or third of the game.Secrets are kind of interesting, as while there's a lot of secrets that are the same playthrough to playthrough, some of them, the secret worlds that look more retro and glitchy than the rest of the game, are randomized. You get 5 of them, and one of them is supposed to contain a strong weapon. Unfortunately I couldn't ever find the secret world with the weapon in it, but it's a really cool idea.The game has an interesting ""speed run mode"" where it'll put time stamps on killing bosses and automatically skip text and cutscene stuff, so that's pretty cool if you're into speed runs.I guess the only other gripe I have besides there being a state of weapon overload, some of the level design could be more interesting. Much of this could be chalked up to the NES style, what with the blocky setting, but many of the underground areas lack their own gimmick to make the areas feel more separate. Also, I guess another extra thing on top of it is the last boss is really unsatisfying. Like, RNG bad. You are basically trading hits until it's over, so if you don't have a ton of upgrades or the flamethrower it's going to be rough (beware low %!). It's really up to if you get health drops or not, which sometimes you get absolutely ♥♥♥♥ed on. Not really a great way to close off an otherwise really fun experience.All of this aside, I still feel like it's $20 well spent, though I'm highly biased toward Metroidvania titles. There's a lot of fantasy themed Metroidvanias to pick from (Chasm, Valdis Story, UnEpic, and eventually Bloodstained) but not really many sci-fi ones. Axiom Verge would be in the top selections of what you can get on Steam in the sci-fi variety without question, but it may not be as deep of a Metroidvania compared to some of the fantasy ones. A good title, but probably not a ""must play"" for everyone."
76561198078153982,Recommended,332200,32860069,Posted: 27 June,all,penaferus,"Axiom Verge does so many things right. It is definitely a Metroidlike, not a Metroidvania. It has great music, art direction, world building, inventive exploration, etc. If you want a Metroid style game, buy this game without questioning your decision. If you want to hear my complaints, read on...My complaints are:The drill and drone abilities make an overall swiftly paced game feel clunky. Even Samus's bombs and morphball abilities felt less clunky. Often I notice myself forgetting to drill all the walls because I just don't like doing it. Also, these newer Metroid style games, even Metroid itself, have far too many powerups. This makes the discovery aspect feel incredibly shallow. If you're running into pickups constantly the sense of discovery is dulled. In Metroid, sometimes you find a powerup and it's just an ammo upgrade or an ability you already have. But when the new ability is discovered it always feels like an earned achievement.Also,  in the post-Metroid-Prime-and-Ocarina-of-Time-Nintendo-age (whew, too many hyphens), every one of these games seem to have ""pieces of powerups"" or ""mini upgrades"" that are scattered everywhere. These make me miss the good ol' ""You found 100 points of Energy!"" moments. I hate having to find bits of powerups to actually feel like you made some meaningful improvement to your character. It makes these games feel more RPG and Metroid is meant to feel. (I don't remember if Axiom has pieces of powerups per se, but it definitely has beam expansions that only feel significant after you collect a few of them).Another issue is that there are far too many weapons. A few are useful, but most aren't. And when you have a huge pile of weapons, you tend to pick the strongest and skip over the rest. So this makes discovering a new weapon feel kind of meh rather than ""yes! I got a new one!"" I like my weapons to give me a definite feeling of empowerment rather than feeling like I found something utterly useless. Most weapons look cool, though, so if you like fiddling with gear then you won't see this as an issue.Also, being the world is SO massive in AV, it feels quite tedious to find every item. Especially since drilling walls as I mentioned before is really clunky. And deploying the drone is time consuming.My last complaint is the game's story. The more story, imo, the less immersive a Metroidlike feels. Walking into nearly every boss room and having a short dialogue with the boss is really cheesy. And there is only one boss battle song, which is also the only song in the game I didn't like. This makes the boss battles seem less intense than they should. I remember being stressed and creeped out by the bosses in Metroid. And in this game the bosses look cool enough, but the music kind of kills the mood a bit.Despite all of these complaints, I'd give Axiom no less than an 8/10.  It's a great game, but could be so much better."
,Recommended,332200,24765179,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,noibn,"Axiom Verge is a classic-style Metroidvania game (heavy on the ""Metroid"" part - as in, they could be long-lost twins). So, as someone whose list of top favorite games of all time contains Metroid and Super Metroid right up at the very top, you can probably guess how I felt about this… I loved it. The way I see it, if you're going to pay homage to the best, you may as well go all out, and do it right. And on that front, Axiom Verge does not disappoint. So if you’re a fan of those games (or the 2D Castlevanias, etc) then this is a no-brainer.The game is extremely well-designed, looks great, has a good soundtrack, and plays well (for the most part). You can't ask for much else. I enjoyed the exploration, item collecting, boss battles, story, and the overall atmosphere of the game. My only small gripes have to do with the way a couple of the game mechanics work (or rather, don’t work) - specifically, the grapple tool and the dash/teleport ability were way too finicky and/or inconsistent to pull off, for my tastes. I'll concede that part of the issue is probably that I used the control stick on the controller rather than the D-pad for primary movement, which makes those abilities harder to reliably pull off, but in my opinion, that should have been accounted for as part of the design. In particular, the dash/teleport ability just didn’t work consistently enough for me, and made a few parts of the game extremely frustrating. But other than that, I really can't think of any other complaints.All in all, this is about as good a game as one could possibly hope for in the classic Metroid style. It's a game I could/would have probably made myself, if I weren't too old and lazy now (or, like, had no job or family). So major kudos to the developer (just 1 guy) who not only had that technical know-how, but also the time, ambition, and dedication I lack, who actually followed through and made this. It's a very, very, impressive piece of work, and well worth checking out for anyone who is a fan of this genre, or classic-style 2D action-platformers in general."
,Recommended,332200,27006558,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Omoikane,"Right off the bat, it's easy to tell that this game was influenced by Metroid. Like heavily influenced. But, like all good games that are birthed from a love of much older ones, this game is its own beast.There is ""minimal"" story. By that I mean not to the depths of, say, a RPG and such. But, for those of us old gamers, Super Metroid, comes to mind. Bits and pieces revealed between one area and the next.The gameplay is like all Metroidvania style games, lots of backtracking to get 100%. Not that I cared. I've been playing these style games forever, why should I expect something different here. As a platformer, I really suggest the use of a controller. There are some items that take quick button switching that I could never reproduce on a keyboard.I liked the fact that the guns were just that, weapons to kill enemies. You didn't need a certain one to open a door, or to advance to the next area.I'm baised, I live in nostalgia with many games. But, I think it's worth the price. The replay value is an individial thing. I've replayed all my Metroid and Castlevania games many times. It just depends on what you like.NNM"
,Recommended,332200,30222550,Posted: 27 February,all,nasalstop,"Pros: Similar to Metroid, isn't MetroidCons: Makes you wish Nintendo knew what they were doing with Metroid"
,Recommended,332200,31053245,Posted: 9 April,all,Rohaq,"A superb Metroidvania title, with a huge, well constructed map chock full of items, weaponry, and upgrades. Samus would be proud.You start off not knowing where you are, or how you got here, with minimal plot revealed, you must start fighting your way through an alien world. As you gain new abilities, the map opens itself up to new possibilities, letting you swing from ceilings, drill through solid walls, and navigate tight crawlspaces, unravelling the mysteries of a bizarre new world as you do so. Along the way you'll find yourself facing a variety of enemies which can be killed or corrupted into alternative modes that can help you, hinder you, or just turn them into a new challenge to face. Occasionally when faced with new enemies, you'll corrupt them in an attempt to depower them, only to find out that their corrupted alternative is even more difficult.No Metroid-style game would be complete without exploration, which this game delivers in spades. There is a lot of backtracking - though this is a defining characteristic of the genre, as new movement abilities let you pass earlier inaccessible parts of the map - but even if you're not going the ""right"" way, exploring new areas will often reward you with a new weapon, upgrade, or note that helps build upon the story. It's important to note that unlike the Nintendo title from which this game draws its inspiration, colour-coded doors do not make an appearance here - all doors are generally open, and instead being locked behind physical barriers that require a new movement ability to bypass. This is a change I certainly support, as I could never understand why in Samus' world anyone would ever install a door that required *firing explosives* to enter - someone should really have a word with their contractors.This exploration is helped with a character that controls exceptionally well, being both highly responsive and with movement that feels extremely well-weighted. Some of the later abilities are a little trickier to use, but in a manner that requires practice, rather than resulting in any cheap deaths. The majority of abilities are sensibly mapped to make them easily accessible when you need them in a hurry, with only changing weapons requiring more than a single keypress on a controller - which I'd personally recommend for the best experience.Speaking of changing weapons, there are a ton of unique weapons to be found. You'll generally only find yourself using a handful, often in specific situations, and while they're not all required in order to advance, this makes a nice change to the usual limited range that Metroid players might be used to.The graphics have a pleasing 16-bit console aesthetic, with some fantastic spritework in places and a pleasantly varied, bright colour scheme throughout. The bosses are massive, detailed monstrosities; enough so that the game often zooms out in boss rooms, as they're larger than a single screen. This can make some a little tricky, though often they can be a little easy to defeat once you figure out their patterns and the safe areas of the room. My only complaint would rprobably be the lack of single-use setpieces to give the layout of the world a feeling of logical structure - but given the alien setting, it's hard to hold this against the game as a whole.Audio-wise, the sound effects suit the game well, but where it really shines is the soundtrack, consisting of some superb electronica, all being original mixes composed by the lone developer, really adding to the technological atmosphere. One complaint is the limited number tracks played in the main game, with only a handful played depending on whether you're in the upper or lower areas of the map - This might grate on you in time, and it certainly could have benefitted from a few more tracks for each area of the map - but this doesn't detract from what is otherwise a fantastic game.Onto performance: As a 2D game released in 2015; I'd be disappointed if it didn't run well, but I'm happy to report that it does, with masses of sprites often filling the screen without so much as a hitch, which in a game where failing to dodge enemy fire can result in a fairly quick death and a trip back to the last save room, is incredibly important.In a world where Nintendo seem to be resistant to taking Metroid back to anyting near its roots, this game is more than worthy in filling the gap. Some may find the backtracking offputting, and even find themselves lost at times after picking up a new ability, unsure where to use it; but for fans of Metroidvania style games this is a must-own.9.5/10"
,Recommended,332200,23845117,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Howling Wind,"Short story: if you love Metroid you MUST have this game, it's awesome (especially since it's not like we're gonna see a Metroid anytime soon because someone in Kyoto can't manage their brands)- - -A slightly longer story: Axiom Verge is a real beautiful and well thought game, especially if we consider that it has developed by a single person. High quality 2D retro graphics and on point music take you on a journey on this strange world, a fantastic mix of organic and cybernetic that made me constanstly wonder on the true nature of my surroundings. There are a lot of creative ideas and the game is challenging enough even for Metroidvania fans: you can see all the love for the genre poured in this game.There are a couple of downsides though: there are too many secrets... Don't get me wrong, I know it's the point of the Metroidvania genre, but I feel like Axiom Verge takes it to an extreme. Normally there are a majority of easy to guess secrets and a certain number of secrets that are a real pain to find. In Axiom Verge, there are way too many secrets that are a real pain to find. I'm all about thinking outside the box, but sometimes I found items for dumb luck and even then, despite being an avid collector, I scored a 72% on my first run: too many way to interact with the surroundings, too many things to check, too frustratring in the end. Combined with no way to fast travel (a running power-up or a teleport between areas), it discouraged me from aiming to 100%. Going back to the roots of the genre it's cool, but I think you can take a couple of pages from modern games too: Metroid Fusion marks the rooms with items to find, but even then you have to struggle to get it. I think this would have been great for Axiom Verge.So:>>Pros<<+Graphics+Music+Atmosphere+Story+Cool ideas+Challenging>>Cons<<-No fast-travel-Too many controintuitive secrets-Too many items for interacting with the surroundings, risulting in lack of focusIt's not perfect, but it's a great game, altough I can't see myself completing at 100%8,7/10"
,Recommended,332200,15831103,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Harmony,"Axiom Verge, the spiritual successor to Metroid 3 now released on Steam!After the huge success and fanbase that started growing on PS4, the developers decided to port it to the PC, which is in my eyes a very smart step.Lets talk about the game for a minute. (My opinion on about 60+ hours on PS4)Axiom Verge is a exploration-adventureish game similiar to Metroid games, or how alot of people call those type of games, Metroidvania.You wake up in a incubator egg, not knowing where you are, and all you get is a weapon to defend yourself.Explore, collect, fight and die in this brilliant gem, until you see the ending screen after about 8-12 hours depending on how well you do (I honestly took 18 hours on my first attempt back on PS4), and you probably want more.Why?For once, it is very rewarding getting all the weapons, seeing all the notes and reading them to learn more about the story and find the secret areas, that are RANDOMLY placed every time you start a new game and the areas itself are randomized too.Upgrades you find will not count towards the item collection rate so they are optional, but weapons and upgrades you can get there are neat aswell.I would give this game easily 94%.Why not more?Because there are minor things that aren't so well done.For instance some mechanics in the game (not spoiling for you) are weird to perform (double forward for instance), which could've been done better on a seperate button.Also the german translation is horrible, this should not concern most of you but for me it is a minor flaw.I suggest all of you grab it and play instantly, its well worth it!HIGHLY RECOMMENDED GAME!"
,Recommended,332200,34312573,Posted: 17 August,all,Professor Chimp,"So ... Axiom VergeMade by Thomas Happ Games, which is just one guy called … Thomas Happ. It’s sort of a love letter to old school NES platformers like Contra, Blaster Master and such. But beyond any doubt, it has the biggest boner for Metroid. Explore the world to find upgrades, then use those to find more upgrades. All that good metroidvania stuff. You’re Trace, a scientist dude who blows up his lab in an experiment and ends up in Sudra, a barren world devastated by some unknown calamity. I’ll leave it there, cuz spoilers suck. But first, let's list off the good and the bad.ProsProgression is pretty satisfying with some novel upgrades, like a remote controlled drone and one that let’s you ‘glitch’ through stuff. Weakens a little in the late game. More in the negatives.Controls are precise and responsive. The standard control layout is pretty smartly mapped. Weapon switching is easy through a radial/line menu. Drops off a bit in the late game. More in the negatives.Good bosses, mostly. Not too damage spongy and decently challenging,testing pattern recognition skills and found abilities. Some subvert expectations. You’ll remember these. Sudden leap in difficulty about 2/3rds through. Bosses beyond this are just decent in design.Great soundtrack! A mix of dark ambient chiptune and melancholy instruments over deep, thumpy basses. Sure, not all tracks are winners, but still, do yourself a favor. Turn it up.Nice 8-bit pixel art inspired by Metroid. Sometimes verges on 16-bit & some effects wouldn’t be possible on NES. So, 12-bit? Dark biomechanical aesthetic that reminds of H.R. Giger, more so than Metroid did actually. Also, it can run on a potato.Remember those weird graphical glitches in old 8-bit games? Those are a mechanic. An upgrade lets you ‘glitch’ enemies or bits of level into something less dangerous, harmless or helpful. Shame it doesn't use it more.ConsControls and progression get weaker later on. Late-game abilities and their controls are hard to use in combination with others and this becomes a requirement for progress, making reaching some areas potentially frustrating. No dealbreaker, but worth mentioning.It can be a “Where do I go?” and “Guide Dang It” game. It might be too old school in this respect. You get an objective, but no real idea of where to go. Some items are hidden really, really well. Even Super Metroid told which general direction to go and had the X-Ray Visor to help find stuff. Axiom Verge doesn’t do anything (that actually helps).Protagonist Trace is a bore. At first he’s promising. Curious, yet skeptical. Like a scientist should be. That goes away. Later on he turns into a rather generic hero who quietly does what he’s told to. Shame, missed opportunity.The story is pretty meh. At first, it’s mysterious and atmospheric. Some plot points hint at something greater going on, but it doesn’t do anything with those, instead playing it pretty straight. Another lost chance.Axiom Verge leaves me a little conflicted. It has a lot of strong beginnings and does many things right throughout, but in a few respects, it sort of tapers off. Maybe the developer ran out of ideas or rushed things, but the last third or so doesn’t feel as tightly put together anymore. It’s still plenty good, just no longer great. If you’re looking for a solid metroidvania, Axiom Verge is well worth your time, even if you're not big on the genre and despite some nitpicks. I’d give it a 5 banana rating, but I know it falls just a smidgen short of that. More a 4,5, but I don’t round up nor give half-bananas, so ...I rate Axiom Verge 4 out of 5 bananas.What my ratings mean:1 bananas - Crap. Turn around & don’t look back.2 bananas - Bad. Not really worth it.3 bananas - Average. For fans of the genre or a sale.4 bananas - Good. Won't waste your time.5 bananas - Superb. A definite must-play."
76561198072182182,Recommended,332200,26331156,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Zeebrax the Astral Lifejacket,"Biopunk, glitchpunk, cyberpunk -- it's got most of the punks, and they're blended beautifully.  The world is just one big ol' punky labyrinth that's buckets of fun to explore and, thanks to the handy-dandy automap, tough to get lost in.  The nifty narrative has a hearty dollop of that A.E. van Vogt mind-bending madness in it (and you should totally readThe Book of Ptath,Slan, orThe World of Null-Aon a lark; you'll thank me).What can you say about a massive indie metroidvania that's perfect in almost every way?  You're fated to either adore or despise it based on your genre preferences, and that's that.  I'm with the former group, obviously.  It's way more fun than any 2D Metroid I've played!  And it's got a whole wardrobe full of magic lab coats!"
,Recommended,332200,28793124,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Zhuinden (人^▽')～,"Ah, a Metroidvania that actually plays like Super Metroid. In many aspects, anyways.Overall, I recommend the game, but I feel that it should be stated that despite being ""overwhelmingly positive"", there are aspects in which it falls short.PROS:+ large explorable map with multiple sections, a lot to explore - and for me, it didn't get tedious even during ""backtracking"" and finding stuff in previous regions+ many collectable weapons and items+ 16/17 music is goodMEH:- there are 7 bosses, but 3 of them are so predictable that you barely even have to dodge, just jump (if that's even necessary) and shoot at them with your basic weapon: boss behaviors are very simplistic, they typically have 2 attacks on repeat- grappling hook mechanics are extremely wonky- some collectible weapons serve zero purpose/utilityPAIN POINTS:- 1/17 music is so bad, I got lost a few times just because I didn't want to go back to its respective area (lower kur)- most collectables are completely optional: the game only forces you to obtain 2 weapons out of 18, so the bosses are built only for those two weapons, which essentially means 1 of them is a bit more interesting, the others technically just rely on being shot atOverall I enjoyed the game, but it has some shortcomings. For the Super Metroid-like exploration aspect, it's pretty neat. I actually finished this game, unlike Environmental Station Alpha where the backtracking got tedious after a while and then just never bothered. ESA had better bosses, but this had better exploration. And that's what you're going to do most of the time."
,Recommended,332200,31192473,Posted: 16 April,all,lcnstkll,"Absolutely amazing, one of the best retro style games i have ever played, this took me back to metroid and even ninja gaiden, the feel of the control is perfect, movment and combat come togther smooth and seamless. This is a perfect exapmle of less is more, this game does not need all the 3D HD 4K blah blah, this game sends you on a trip through a multitued of beautiful and intricate levels. The only problem i have is that a sequel has not been released yet"
76561198027791201,Recommended,332200,19670717,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,cyberneticmind,"Great game reminds me on Metroid.The retro graphic is between NES and PC EngineGreat Sience Fiction Story, Animation and Game Soundtrack."
76561197971116652,Recommended,332200,16200530,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Piroshki,"Well, I was looking for a good platformer game, and I certainly found it. But turned out there is more.The game matches me completely. Things I absolutely loved:Game is fun. Almost all the time. Even despite having several large levels, you never get tired of running back and forth. Graphics is colorful and stylish, range of available equipment is wide, and you can move really fast, performing various acrobatic tricks. Also, there isa certain horizontal lift, which makes inter-level journeys a matter of seconds. Very nice. And very important for every game of metroidvania genre.It's not hard. I'm definelty not a hardcore platformer lover. Neither a casual, though... I just enjoy style, story, puzzles and exporation more than fighting, analysing boss movement patterns and so on. When I see ""difficult"" tag on a platformer game, it makes me a little sad. Axiom Verge is not one of this rouge-likeish super-hard platformers.Visual style. There is not enough words to describe how much I love pixel-art. And also, I adore cyberpunk, bio-mechanical-styled things, and postapocalyptic athmosphere. Every one of that is present in Axiom Verge. On the top of it, game has very nice and modern visual effects, which turned up to be very nice addition. Stylish bio-mechanic pixel gun, radiating distortion effect on stylish pixel backgrounds. Beautiful.Soundtrack. It's very good. Just listen to it.Game tells interesting story. But, to be honest, the story is not a main source of fun in the game.Also don't let the fact that this game has only one developer, who is also the artist, composer and designer, Axiom Verge is not a mere ""indie"" game. It is very much professionally made, despite being independent.tl;dr: pure fun, great soundtrack, not very hard, superb visual style, casual (erm... not hardcore) platformer fans are crying from joy (at least, myself)"
,Recommended,332200,23393284,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Callie,"Metroid!! Metroid!!!! Metroid!!!!!!The metroidvania of all metroidvanias, Axiom Verge is a beautifully-executed modern take on its mother franchise.Follows much of the mechanics seen throughout the Metroid franchise, so those with experience in that particular area should be able to pick up AV with little to no trouble. Expect lots of hostile engagements, delicious pixel art, and a constant sense of misdirection!8/10"
76561198261776727,Recommended,332200,31676753,Posted: 10 May,all,Hdog,"Excellent Metroidvania game.  Lots of exploration, but the map helps guide you as to where you should go.  Story is compelling and along with the messages you may find, tells a lot about the world. Unique game mechanics and great replay value.  Music is atmospheric and driving.  9.25/10"
,Recommended,332200,31936708,Posted: 24 May,all,Nimja,"It's a homage to Metroid.Made by one guy.That plays fantastically. If you even remotely love the Metroidvania style, like exploring and like the great variation and challenge in finding everything. Get it. It's worth it, even at full price.And the music. Wow."
76561198036866668,Recommended,332200,30650266,Posted: 21 March,all,[GFC-club] M@R!O,Amazing game on it's own and absolutely must-play for any metroidvania genere fan out there
76561198146458334,Recommended,332200,23140955,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,theowake,"Without getting into a ton of detail, here's what you should know about Axiom Verge.- It's hard. You will die, and you will die a bunch, at least at first.- If you've been yearning to scratch that Super Metroid itch, this'll do the trick and nicely.- Explore everything. Do it twice. Then go back for a third serving. You missed something.- Seriously, go back. You didn't get all the upgrades in that section.- Again.- Plays way better with a controller. Keyboard feels way too clunky, but that's more opinion than fact.- Those aren't glitches. Your game isn't messing up.- You sure you cleared that section?10/10 would explore the mapseventimes over again."
76561198034134159,Recommended,332200,25202850,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Wonderferkel,"This is one of the best games I have ever played, certainly the single best metroidvanian game and I can hardly find an issue within.Pros:Incredibly cool settingNostalgia fest for NES/SNES generation gamersProbably one of the best soundtracks ever madeIncredible art styleExtremely good controls on both gamepad and keyboardBrilliant storytellingAddictiveFunSome randomized secrets which can be challenging to findExtremely brilliant puzzlesNormal, Hard and Speedrun mode options, well suited for casuals and people who want a challengeFully changeable controls on both keyboard and gamepad which a lot of games lack...Cons:Sometimes, the control for the dash move is a tad annoyingVerdict: What else is there to say? Good job, Thomas Happ, more please! This game is one of the few that cuts it to 10/10 for me. Why? Because it is not a simple regurgitation of the genre but it actually takes it to the next level, while also taking in a lot of things already well done in other games."
76561197991215330,Recommended,332200,22726118,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,ZenithGear,"If you enjoy metroidvania style games, definitely pick this up.  This game is amazing!  The soundtrack is phenomenal!"
,Recommended,332200,15865230,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,dawnDus,"Looks like Metroid, plays like Metroid. Follows the formula; Start exploring, see something you can't interact with, find the item to interact with it and get through, repeat.Platforming/Movement: MegaMan-like, no momentum and instant acceleration. Works well enough when the platforming isn't where the challenge is, it's the shooting. Only problem I ran into was the dash ability you eventually unlock, which is a little too sensitive. Works by double-tapping a direction, and from fidgeting on platforms, I would constantly dash myself off of them.Combat: Easily the game's biggest strength, there are a ton of different weapons to find, and all of them are optional (apart from the first), I think. I found a use for just about every weapon at some point, which is a nice surprise given the lack of ammo/damage types that are usually present to force weapon variety. Somewhat challenging boss fights, though it helps if you have the ""correct"" weapon for the fight.Story/Exploration: Story was weird enough to keep me guessing at where it was going, but interesting enough to keep me invested in what was going on. Granted, if it takes too long to progress and get to the next story beat, you might not care about the plot anymore. Nearing the end, I took about an hour and a half of backtracking to find the one room I needed, which was starting to get to me. The map would feel familiar to anyone that's played Super Metroid, with the different zones having their own look, but fitting together nicely. Trying to find secret passageways is nicely rewarded, decent total number of collectables in the world, that have immediate benefits.Overall, I enjoyed it, recommended if you enjoy metroidvania platformers."
,Recommended,332200,25355936,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Captain icze4r,Do you love Super Metroid?Do you want to play a game that feels like a spiritual sequel to Super Metroid?Then this game is for you.
,Recommended,332200,20848024,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,baja gaijin,"This game feels like Metroid (the NES one) took a whole different direction of evolution instead of Super Metroid, and I love it for that. Different powerups than you usually see in the genre, slightly-randomized world for some powerups, a metric buttload of weapons to play with no matter what you like*, and art aesthetics and a soundtrack to die for. I'm on board for whatever this fella wants to do next if it's all polished like this.* If you explore, that is. I think you're only guaranteed a few on the 'main' path."
76561198012999976,Not Recommended,332200,23210496,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Plainview,"Not that I think it's a bad game, because it really isn't. It just isn't as good as what inspired it. It's basically a less fun version of Super Metroid. It gets boring and monotonous pretty quickly. Some of my key problems with the game are...*The weapons system. The sort of weapons you upgrade to and get to use aren't really all that helpful. Some just seem like they have no purpose at all, other than the make the game more difficult. They also seem underpowered, as they rarely stop anything. Some enemies will be all over you instantly while you're blasting away. That's the main thing I found annoying. I found myself avoiding than engaging.*The enemies. Like I said above, if I could avoid all the enemies I would. Some are all over you in seconds. Others are just plain annoying. I feel as if the weapons are underpowered.*The flow of the game. One minute you're exploring a new area, the next you're scratching your head. This happens way too often, and you're forced to just go on to the next area. Happens in the next area also, just keep moving forward until you get stuck. This is how SM was also, but in that game it was fun to do so. In this game, it just feels like such a drag to go back to an area with annoying enemies and such. The graphics of this game doesn't help which brings me to...*The graphics. I think the animations of the main character and for the most part the guns are great. The bosses too, but man, the backgrounds and everything else is too drab. Too much gray and red, really bleak. It gets pretty boring to look at after a while.*The boss battles. Like I said, the bosses look great but they're way too easy. Just feels uninspired. I never finished the battle feeling, wow that was some fight! Eh.."
,Recommended,332200,30273137,Posted: 1 March,all,The Worst Case Scenario,"TL;DRAxiom Verge is a great modern take on the retro metroidvania.INITIAL THOUGHTS:Maybe it's the nostalgia for the retro aesthetic, maybe it's the simplicity of exploring the world of a metroidvania, or maybe it's finally having a game that feels natural on my steam controller that isn't about car-powered soccer. Whatever the cause may be, the ten hours I logged on my first playthrough were all incredibly enjoyable and even though I do have a few issues with it you can't get a better modern metroidvania experience than with Axiom Verge.PROS:Starting from the very basics, the game looks amazing and goes to show that incredible worlds can be build without a million-dollar art budget. The retro-aesthetic perfectly matches the retro-style gameplay, creating the perfect casual atmosphere to enjoy. The world is incredibly interesting which means backtracking (you will do a lot of backtracking) rarely feels like a chore, and by the time you do have to return to an area you usually have some new ability that opens up a little bit more of a room you thought you'd cleaned out an hour ago. The game is also full of items, weapons, lore, and bonuses that are incredibly satisfying to find, so if you're a completionist you have your work cut out for you, but nothing quite beats the feeling of gaining a new ability and using it to explore more of the world. The sound design of the game is excellent as well, the background music is fantastic and the sounds your abilities make when you use them are incredibly satisfying as well. Sound design often gets overlooked but doing it well can make any game better, and Axiom Verge does it perfectly.CONS:These are all minor flaws I noticed while playing. If you play with a joystick controller you have to double-tap the stick in the same direction to perform some abilities, an action that always felt a bit awkward to me especially during more delicate platforming sessions. The boss fights are fun and enjoyable but most of them can be beaten with relatively little work if you use the right strategy, which can make an awesome fight less exciting, but you by no means have to play them that way. Lastly (and this is about the more fundamental design of the game), Axiom Verge rarely leaves you lost with almost no idea where to go. That may seem like a pro, but to me the metroidvania category is all about exploring a world and discovering new things on your own. While Axiom Verge never explicitly tells you where to go your options are often extremely limited, forcing you down a singular path. At about the halfway point the game starts to open up a bit, leaving more room to explore, but the initial few hours seem incredibly scripted for an otherwise well-done metroidvania. In talking with other players not many even seemed to notice this railroading so maybe this is a moot point, but from a design perspective it's definitely there.YOU SHOULD BUY AXIOM VERGE IF:-you enjoy older metroidvanias and are looking for one with modern polish-you're looking for a casual game to play at your own pace-you're a game designer and want an example of how games can silently guide the player-you like games with lots of collectables-you're looking for a new game to speedrun (there's a built in timer should you choose to use it)"
,Recommended,332200,27705828,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Monstro The Whale,"Going beyond the obvious similarities to the 2-D Metroid series, Axiom Verge evolves where Nintendo dropped the ball. New mechanics and ideas to the genre and an extremely in-depth and layered storyline that will make you question your motives.Before long, you'll stop comparing this to being a Metroid successor, and see that it holds up on it's own as an amazing game, and is so much more than what it's inspired by.Props to Thomas Happ, the sole creator of this game. Easily worth the full price and would highly recommend to any retro gamer or fan of exploration and creepy atmosphere."
,Recommended,332200,33121452,Posted: 2 July,all,The Counter of Strikes,"As someone who had a NES and played the original Metroid on it, I was never one who was a huge fan of it. I thought Super Metroid on the other hand was a masterpiece.So I'll just start by saying that if you liked those games, you should pick this game up if it caught your attention. This whole game is heavily influenced by Metroid, from art to gameplay, but that's not to say it's a direct copy.Gameplay: Tight, responsive controls with the exception of the hookshot -- the hookshot/grappling hook was pretty awkward in Super Metroid, but here it's significantly worse (a good 2D grapple hook example for me would be the Worms rope)... you'll make due though, it's not a major part of the game. There are a ton of guns to find (none of them really required to beat any particular part of the game like the ice-mod was in metroid), ton of secret areas, etc... you'll have a lot to explore, and the map is quite large with your typical backtracking to pick up upgrades. I like to think I'm pretty thorough, and often find all the collectibles, but this game had a lot of well-hidden things, I ended with 77% items. The enemies are quick and vicious, and you can find yourself killed quickly if you're not careful (so the challenge is pretty adequate... I played it on ""Normal"") -- as compared to Super Metroid where I'm never close to dying. You never get to turn into ""God mode"" by the end of the game, like many of these kinds of games are (Super Metroid, Castlevania SotN), but you will definitely notice yourself getting stronger as you find more upgrades.Boss fights: There are plenty of bosses, and I guess they're all ""OK"". None were super memorable, and many could be ""cheesed"" if you found the strategy which I could figure out usually before losing more than half my HP.Art: It's a mix of Metriod/H Giger (designer of Alien, etc)/""I have no mouth, and I must scream"" (an old pc title). The art does a lot to tell the story, making you use your imagination (seeing various areas that could have been an ancient civilization infected by a strange fungus, etc). The bosses also are vile mutations of things resembling human body parts (kind of like Binding of Isaac). And the ""Rusalka"", those creepy porcelaine doll masks/Starcraft adjutants that talk to you throughout the game... I don't want to spoil anything, but I'll say I appreciated their design.Music/Sound: Mostly good, with some great tracks. One piece was interesting in particular: influenced from eastern themes (Indian). Most other pieces were heavy bass and did well to set the atmosphere. The monsters/gun sounds were also done well (not just a simple ""blip"" like metroid did).Story: Surprisingly more going on than I expected. Like Metroid, a lot of it is up to your imagination, but if you care to explore, you'll find notes, and ways to translate the 2 alien languages.Without spoiling anything, you start off as a scientist who gets knocked out by an explosion in his lab. You then wake up in some strange planet... do you have amnesia? are you cloned? where are you? why? (that kind of thing)There is a lot that won't be told to you directly, and the ending ends somewhat cliffhanger-y. You'll need to beat it on HARD for the true ending, but even then there's a nice twist (if you like that kind of stuff).Overall: A good game. Smooth gameplay, good music, good length. Plenty to explore if you like that. For an indy game, this is definitely above-par. If I had to rate it, it is better than Metroid (NES), but not quite as great as Super Metriod (a tough game to beat). I'd definitely be interested in a sequel, perhaps one that explored the world of Sutra and the giant Rusalka there that remain."
,Recommended,332200,23739439,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Exchronous,"At first glance,Axiom Vergeis just another Metroidvania game made in the mould of the many that came before it, but what sets it apart is how well it exemplifies the key components of the subgenre. Exploration and upgrades are handled very well, with each system feeding into the other. You explore to find upgrades which you then use to explore previously unreachable areas and find more upgrades, all the while fighting off alien creatures and battling large bosses.The map is thoughtfully designed in a manner that removes the need for tutorials. When you acquire a new upgrade, like the Laser Drill, the game naturally shows you how to use it by introducing obstacles that require it. Then later on when you see a wall that may be destructible, for example, you will know how to handle it. The player's time is also respected with enough save points and methods to get from one side of the map to the other so that you seldom feel like you are wasting time when you die or need to get to another part of the map.The production values are high, and the graphics and sound contribute to a good atmosphere. However, the story itself, told through a combination of cutscenes, dialogue, and collectible items, is lacklustre, though serviceable. You will probably not be motivated to play due to the plot, but fortunately the gameplay itself will drive you.The control is tight, and combat is fun due to the many weapons you can find, many of which are optional and require careful exploration. Unfortunately, you will probably stick with using just a few weapons as most have niche uses at best and are useless at worst. Some boss fights are underwhelming, particularly some of the later ones, which can be too easy with enough upgrades and the right weapon. This is a common problem with Metroidvania games when a player collects most or all of the upgrades and becomes too powerful, and can be offset by simply not collecting everything to purposefully increase the difficulty.WhereAxiom Vergedistinguishes itself is where it is at its best. The Remote Drone, a controllable robot that basically replaces the Morph Ball fromMetroid, is extremely fun to use and its upgrades provide for a number of interesting puzzles. The ability to ""glitch"" enemies, thus changing their appearance and behaviour, adds an extra element to both combat and exploration. Finally, the several teleportation upgrades make traversing the world more enjoyable and also add another factor to exploration.The GoodThe graphics, sound, and atmosphere are fantasticFlawlessly executes on the core aspects of the Metroidvania subgenreThe exploration tools (Laser Drill, Remote Drone, and Lab Coats) provide interesting ways to traverse the worldThe BadBoss battles are not particularly inspired nor difficultThe majority of the many weapons are of marginal or no useThe story is too vague and does a disservice to the great atmosphereThe Bottom LineAxiom Vergemanages to be a sterling example of the Metroidvania subgenre without being overly familiar or derivative and, despite some small problems, is essential for every fan."
76561198123412640,Recommended,332200,18054143,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Sam Lilly,"Axiom Verge is a 2D, retro-styled metroidvania game, with a heavy emphasis on the Metroid part. Like most metroidvania games, you explore a large and connected world doing things like platforming, shooting enemies, getting powerups, and getting new abilities that will help you solve puzzles, beat bosses, and generally progress in the game. There are also a good amount of secrets and some interesting story bits thrown in. The overall story is confusing and mysterious, which helps add to the alienated vibe of the game as well as making the plot more interesting. Without spoiling anything, the basic plot is that you play as Trace, a brilliant scientist that gets caught in a lab explosion, loses consciousness, and winds up in an unknown place. It's up to you to figure where you are, what happened, and how to get home.As mentioned, the gameplay is mainly platforming, shooting, exploring, and some mild puzzle solving. You can find a good variety of items if you look hard enough. You can get powerups to increase the damage, size, and range of your weapons, as well as expansions to your health. There are some passive powerups mixed in with tools that will give you new abilities, helping you progress through the game. There are some interesting notes you can find scattered throughout the world that will give you more bits and pieces to the mysterious story as well. However, the coolest part is that you can find a lot of cool weapons. A few are required to get through the game, but many of them are found by exploring. These weapons all have their own unique qualities. It's nice because they are well balanced and do not require extra ammo. They all have inifinite ammo, meaning you can play around with them all you like. So you can use certain weapons to effectively fight certain enemies, cycle through all your weapons to vary your gameplay, or just pick your weapon of choice and have a ball! It adds a layer of fun to the discovery of new weapons. Plus, the controls are tight and the control scheme is fairly comfortable.The art is very colorful yet fitting to the world of unknown mystery and wonder. I also found myself really liking the soundtrack a lot. Sounds a bit John Carpenter-esque to me. It's crazy how Tom Happ has managed to do such a great job with the gameplay, the art, and the music basically all by himself. The package as a whole comes together beautifully. The dark, mysterious atmosphere and cool techno influences mixed with a bit of alien flair make for an engaging experience that sucks you into the game for hours.As great as I think Axiom Verge is, there ARE some negative arguments to be had. It didn't run flawlessly on my computer, but my computer is a bit dated and worn out as well so I'm sure it was not a fault of the game... just thought I'd mention it slowed down in some of the larger, busier areas for me. Hardly worth complaining about. This game is clearly heavily inspired by the Metroid series, and while I love that... you could make the argument that it is borrowing from that inspiration a bit too heavily. I personally think it has enough differences and unique twists to make it work as an original game expanding on the genre, but I could understand some people not finding it distant enough from that source. It'd also be cool to have a bit more of a choice in some story elements, but ultimately it is a story that you have to follow and your character is Trace, not you, so I suppose it makes sense the way it is. My only real complaint with the game is that you get a dashing ability, but once you get it you cannot turn it off. This can be troublesome for precise movements because you dash by double tapping in a direction. So if you're trying to move forward and then stop to dodge something and move forward again too quickly... you'll dash instead of just moving. You can lock your position or turn all the way around on stopping to remedy it, but it is a touch adjustment and can still get you killed in some hectic situations while you move eradically. As far as replay value, it's probably not a game you'll start up again immediately after finishing it. There's hard mode, which seems to be about the same but harder, and speedrun mode for... well... speedrunning. So unless you want it to be more difficult, you want to speed through the game, or want to go hunting for achievements, then you probably will leave it alone after your playthrough. Though it DOES have good replay value in the sense that you'll definitely be coming back to it at some point to experience it all again, and the amount of playtime in your playthough is pretty good.So there are a few bad points, but the good clearly outweighs the bad in this case. It's a decent length game with tons of things to find and a neat story. The music and art are very interesting as well. If you like Metroid, Super Metroid, or metroidvania games in general, then you'll definitely appreciate this game. Honestly, it's probably one of the best games I've played on Steam. So the question is... is it worth the price? And for this one, the answer is yes. 20 dollars for 15-20 hours of great gameplay is definitely worth your time and money. If you're on the fence about waiting for a sale or just getting it full price, get it. It's worth it and it's worth supporting with the purchase. I couldn't wait either and I certainly don't regret it one bit. Axiom Verge gets a 10 out of 10 for being one of the best metroidvania experiences I've ever had.https://youtu.be/tz0VkZ-OJ8I"
,Not Recommended,332200,18016563,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,anti_fun,"I really wanted to like this game, but it just falls short in so many respects. The exploration is just not fun, which is a big minus for a metroidvania. The enemies are more often than not very annoying to take out, and you'll be killing the same ones a lot due to the nature of these types of games. On top of that, the movement abilities are laughably hard to use. I can't fathom the logic that went into the way the grappling hook works, and the trenchcoat is far too easy to trigger by accident. I would often find myself climbing to a great height only to struggle with the grappling hook or accidentally teleport into thin air, forcing me to make the climb all over again. Even after several hours, I couldn't shake the feeling that the game was working against me.The bosses, which were what drew me to this game in the first place, ended up being very grindy. You find a single weakness and you exploit it repetitively until the boss is dead. Not much going on there.On the plus side, it has a really neat art style and an interesting story. The hacking aspect is pretty novel as well. But these don't save it in my opinion."
76561198062077456,Not Recommended,332200,31895571,Posted: 21 May,all,Der_letzte_Ritter,"Being a fan of retro-style, metroidvania games, I really wanted to be able to recommend this game. It's not horrendous as it is, but it does have a few glaring issues that keep me from recommending it with any real earnesty.The weakest part of the game, I think, is its combat. The weapons are varied and interesting, but the enemies you'll be gunning down are decidedly not. I think the developer didn't really grasp the implications of ranged weapons going against melee enemies very well. Enemies come in two varieties: easy or frustrating.Most enemies fall into the first category, and can easily be blasted from afar, or by using the second obtained weapon to shoot them without entering into their line of attack. It got to the point where most enemies felt like a bother, as opposed to a challenge. The level design/monster placement did them no favors, either. The game is just begging you to cheese most enemies without ever putting yourself in harm's way. one poor enemy type, that sat on the ground and shot a burst of semi-random projectiles up and out from itself, was bafflingly placed so that you approached them from below, so that you never really entered their area of affect until after you had shot them to death from the platform under them.The second type of enemy is much less sympathetic and shows up more and more as the game progresses. These enemies attack in a very similar manner: awkwardly fly into the player, repeatedly bump into/shoot the player until somebody dies. These enemies are frustrating to fight, which led to me just cheesing them whenever possible or just standing my ground and blasting back at them in an attrition tactic that was surprisingly effective most of the time. Trying to actually fight them was generally fruitless, as your aim is determined by the same input that controls your movement, so if you were moving around to dodge them you couldn't simultaneously shoot at them and vice versa.Another obnoxious detail about enemies is that some of them have the bad habit of blending into the background. Now, this might have been to have some ""natural camoflauge"" effect, but most of the time it didn't feel intentional. The few cases were it was, the enemies were literally indistinguishable from the background until they pounced on you.The bosses are more of a challenge than the mooks, but still feel rather bland, by and large. The only one I even care to comment on is the giant wasp that just felt so awkward to fight that it made me irrationally angry.The sound design in the game is also rather poor, with the background music ranging from unoffensively bland to obtrusive. I ended up turning off the bgm and playing my own music in the background after about a third of the way in. Also, two of the more common sound effects (picking up health and hitting an invulnerable enemy) are for some reason much louder than the rest and obnoxious.Even given its detriments, it's not an awful game. If you're just looking for something to scratch a 16-bit itch, or give you the satisfaction that comes with discovering an interesting new weapon tucked away in some nook, then it's a perfectly servicable game. All in all, I wouldn't recommend it at full price and I wouldn't recommend it unless you love metroidvanias, but if those requrements are met, then there are worse ways to kill a few hours."
,Recommended,332200,16670992,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,EternalGoatMom「♥」,"Highly recommended for anyone who is a fan of the Classic 2D Metroid games, with no REAL metroid games on the horizon this is a fantastic game to fill that void.  With strong influence (assuming that is) from the Metroid series, there's plenty of weapons, abilities and power ups to keep the gameplay fresh during the entire playthrough.  Explore a crazy alien planet riddled with a ton of secrets to find with some kick♥♥♥♥♥tunes and strange enemies.I thoroughly enjoyed my playthough (about 12 hours) and plan to do more, again if you're an old school metroid fan this game will have you feeling right at home while still being unique and fresh."
76561197968715134,Recommended,332200,16257778,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Ketsa,"In short, this game is fantastic and well worth playing.It's impressive enough that Axiom Verge was designed and created by a single person. What's even more impressive is just how professionally crafted it is. The level design is superb, the items are unique and well thought out, and the massive array of weapons are varied and useful in their own particular ways.Even more importantly, the controls are spot-on (I played on a PS2 controller run through a USB converter). This is especially apparent when using the Tethered Charge weapon. With the full collection of items, there's some crazy acrobatics you can accomplish.The story is told primarily through text boxes and SNES-esque cutscenes, and never felt overdone or particularly obnoxious. It's also pretty compelling, and I was curious to see how it'd play out. Furthermore, playing on Speedrun mode removes all the story elements completely, for a pure run-through.My only real complaint was the lack of difficulty on most of the bosses. With the exception of the later few, bosses were complete pushovers (even on Hard difficulty). Considering how impressive and intimidating they are, it was odd how most enemies posed more of a threat.That aside, Axiom Verge was an absolute blast to play, and having just finished my first play-through, I'm already starting on a second!"
76561197965804358,Recommended,332200,15835123,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,AmBrew,"--UPDATED--A modern day take on a classic NES platformer made nearly 30 years ago? Yes please!Surprisingly there are very few retro metroidvania games that exist on Steam, so the erection experienced was fierce when I found out that Axiom Verge was making a appearance.On a more serious note...As a whole this game is rather impressive, with nice environments to explore, pleasing musics to be heard, crisp and responsive controls to be played and quality pixel are to be seen. But if we were to dissect Axiom Verge and take a closer look at our samples we will start to find a couple of flaws.This peculiar world is big and vast but has many empty areas which aren't fully utilised; it seems like there are a few too many pointless areas and places which act like filler or a waste of space. But, you find a tool called the ""Address Disruptor"" which can be used to disintegrate certain walls and bring platforms into existence. While altering the environment it also has a effect on the creatures as well. Some of them can be altered to allow you to access new areas you originally couldn't get too. A little creature that shoots beams at you will transform and instead shoot enemies or blow up walls, while a floating ball can be made more solid and ridden on to allow you to get to hard to reach places. Very neat and fun addition to the game.While the boss designs are brilliant, they really lack any form of difficulty and each fight so far seems to be underwhelming and unrewarding. (The biggest downfall IMO but maybe this might be better on the hard difficulty) For example you fight this one guy who is absolutely huge and intimidating, but the entire fight is spent standing behind a wall and peaking out shots between his attacks. Another fight I spent the entire time crouched down spamming my weapon fire while the boss just sent shots over my head. So far I have 1 shot all bosses and they are quite lame fights to be honest :(ConclusionThis is starting to sound like a negative review but it truly isn't. When you put all the pieces together the game shines as a fun and addicting platformer that I can really see myself sinking a lot of time into. Sometimes I feel I need to do something more productive with the time given to me. But I can't resist it when you have game developers/music producers like Thomas Happ, who with tender love and care create absolute quality games by sinking their heart and soul into them. While it's not without its flaws, I can't recommend this game enough to every gamer who likes to dabble in retro platforming goodness."
,Not Recommended,332200,32213451,Posted: 5 June,all,TestZero,"Ambitious game, but too big for its own good.There's a certain balance that comes with making a good Metroidvania game, and while Axiom Verge manages to do some correctly, its critical faults prevent it from being something truly magical.First off, the retro aesthetic is spectacular. This is some of the best spritework I've seen in a long time. The music is reminiscent of the Metroid franchise, and while a few tracks stand out, the rest just blend together in their mediocrity, with a few being downright annoying. Sound design is fun and adequate enough and helps to set the otherworldly mood well.The first half of this game is absolutely wonderful. As you start to explore the map and find more items, you will slowly learn to maneuver your character around obstacles and make use of your new tools to get around. It's exactly what you want a Metroidvania to be.But then about 3/5 of the way into the game, you start to hit the wall, and this is where the game fails to live up to the legacy it's desperately trying to capture. There is NO way to know which of the dozens of passageways you've visited in the past is the correct one, and many times you will find a new path, hoping to progress the story, only to discover that it simply carries some useless collectable. There are no on-screen indicators to let the player know where an item is, and whether they've collected it, making even online walkthroughs fairly worthless unless you follow them from the beginning.You will constantly find new weapons to provide a variety of ways to dispatch your enemies, but there are so many and only a few of them are actually necessary to complete the game and unlock new paths. The rest are simply for show, providing a method of killing baddies that is pretty to look at, but fairly useless in the long run. It feels like the developers had too many ideas and couldn't decide which ones to keep in, so they just used them all in hopes of letting the player find one they like. I think once your weapon loadout starts to go past the 1-0 keys on the keyboard, it's time to scale back, guys.Certain weapons like the ice shard sprayer look impressive, and when you first acquire it, you think it would be useful for freezing water and solving puzzles, but it's really nothing more than a glorified machinegun with a wide spray angle and short range. Many of the weapons are like this, and it really makes the game feel unfocused.Axiom Verge is also HARD. And for no good reason, either. Enemies have obscene amounts of health, and deal massive amounts of damage, even on normal difficulty, and while they do occasionally drop health restoration pellets, it happens so infrequently you can never count on it when you are desperately low. The only reliable way to restore your health is to corrupt certain enemies and cause them to shoot out health pellets instead of bullets, or find a save point, which will also cause all the enemies to respawn.Enemies will swarm you constantly, forcing you to stop and fight them at every opportunity. Running through them and tanking the damage is NOT a reliable strategy until much later in the game. And weapon upgrade powerups are almost completely worthless. You would think there would be a noticeable difference in weapon strength after upgrading, but it will simply cause an enemy that once took 20 shots to now take 19.Yeah, it's that kind of game. And for as hardy as the enemies are, the bosses are almost insultingly easy. While they do have unfair amounts of health (sensing a theme?) their attack patterns are predictable, turning the fight into a battle of patience. Some even have areas where you are completely invulnerable, but your attacks can still reach the boss. Once the game realizes that you understand the enemy's attack pattern, it shouldn't still take several minutes of whittling down the boss's health just to move on.Then of course, it comes time to go for 100% completion, and that is where you really realize this game's failing. I managed to complete the game without any guides, simply through systematic searching and trial-and-error, but trying to get 100% made me give up, because it is F$%&ING IMPOSSIBLE. Each section of the map is separated into a different area, and the game only tells you whether you have uncovered all of the map, or all of the items. This is told to you through two dots that appear in the corner of the map, and no documentation what these dots mean. The only way to get 100% is to check an online walkthrough. There are plenty of these available online, so have at it, but here is a message to the developers:It is twenty-god-damn-fifteen. (Going by the game's release date) Stop fetishizing the days of wandering around making no progress. Video games were made like that during the 80s because nobody knew how to make good games yet and they were experimenting. Online walkthroughs exist when a game fails to meet the expectations for what a player is supposed to know. Objective arrows, item markers, visual and sensory clues exist for a reason, and it's about time you learned how to integrate them properly into the games you design. If you want to put puzzles and exploration into the game, go ahead, but you are competing against a fanbase that has an entire encyclopedia of knowledge at their disposal and is not afraid to use it. If your puzzles are unintuitive and asinine, we will NOT care. If you refuse to give us tools to know what items we've picked up and from where, we will find our own. If that's what you want, then by all means, but don't expect us to praise you for giving us a complete gaming experience when we had to do half of the work ourselves.If Axiom Verge were more focused, perhaps giving the player only a small selection of weapons and making them all useful, and provided more in-game resources to assist while going for 100%, it could have ranked up there with the great fan Metroidvanias like Xeodrifter or AM2R. But as it stands, it's a game with a lot of dead ends, both in terms of game design and overall concept."
76561197960753308,Recommended,332200,26184435,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Pithlit,"This is the 2D Metroid game we've wanted for years now. It harnesses what made Metroid great while giving it's own unique (and slightly randomized) spin on it.The weapons are fun to experiment with and the ""corruptor gun"" can have surprising results if your experiment on enemies - like turning them into platforms, chain explosives or remote controlling them.Be warned though - the backtracking does not hold your hand. Make notes if you think the 2-flags per area are not enough. Some times it's obvious what upgrade you'll need, but this game did surprise me a few times with what it brought to the table.One other small downside is the lack of teleport option. There's only a central hub ""tunnel"". Which is even worse if you, like me, didn't try standing on the giant heads there, which act as vehicles."
,Recommended,332200,27729019,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,chaosmonk,"I could say a bunch of stuff here about how I grew up in the '80s and this game is a nostalgia bomb for me. I could say a bunch of stuff about how it would have absolutely rocked the gaming world back then if the hardware could've supported it, with its sprawling worlds, titanic boss fights, multitudinous weaponry, and secrets aplenty.I would be right in saying those things, but to do so would be to diminish it in today's world of first-person shooters, 3D graphics, and oversaturated retro genre.The simple fact about this complex game: it is absolutely amazing, whether you grew up in the '80s or in the '00s. Everything about this game is fantastically done, from the faithful Metroid-style artwork to the haunting electronic soundtrack to the fascinating storyline to the sense of balance you get from every upgrade. Even the ending is satisfying and doesn't feel rushed. Nothing about the game feels tired or rehashed...just familiar, like visiting your childhood neighborhood for the first time in 30 years.None of the 20 main weapons feels overpowered, even the ones you find late in the game, and every one caters to a certain play style. No enemy is frustratingly difficult to kill, though some of them are -very- challenging. The maps will challenge your sense of exploration even as you go back through them to net that elusive 100% item completion rank.I can't say enough good about Axiom Verge, but I will say this:  Tom Happ, please keep making games, because you've crafted a masterpiece with this one, and I can't wait to see what's next."
,Recommended,332200,31799404,Posted: 16 May,all,Sambony,"This game captures very well the essence of what makes Metroid such a great game, then puts in own spin on that. Environments are amazing; sound design is great; story is very interesting and mysterious and still leaves room for theories after finishing.... If you have been trying to find something to scratch the Metroid itch since Nintendo seems to be forgetting it is a thing... PICK THIS UP!! It is worth the full price!"
76561197972831645,Recommended,332200,25354571,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Raptormeat,"Fantastic work of art. A masterpiece of one-person game design - a lovingly crafted personal vision that deserves recognition and acclaim. It's not perfect (I had to resort to a walkthrough more than I would have liked, having found areas to be a little hard to differentiate and remember, and I personally would have polished some of the controls differently) but overall I was very impressed. The art design and the story are both captivating, the gameplay has a surprising amount of diversity, and the game nails the nostalgic spirit it is going for. It was engaging and surprising - the worldbuilding and characters fascinated me and I find myself wantng to return to its Universe to learn more. Hopefully there will be many sequels or spin-offs.If you want something that is reminiscent of Super Metroid while also being new and original, it's a must-try."
,Recommended,332200,28573985,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,ichik,"Axiom Verge may very well be the most interesting indie metroidvania of recent years. It’s not most groundbreaking and you can spot where the game’s roots are easily. Still, every element of the game is done competently and is tuned to fit in the whole system. You can’t overlook the fact that whole game was done solely by Tom Happ. Sometimes whole teams fail to not put average pieces in the way of really great ones.At first glance the game is an undeniable copycat of Super Metroid (perhaps any 2D metroidvania centered around shooting is) with all the foundation taken straight of it: the isolation feeling, save point system, health replenishment particles that some of the dead enemies leave behind, and the eerie vibe of psychedelic 80s sci-fi.So it goes like this. You are “the scientist” named Trace, there’s an explosion in your lab. You are awaken in the alien world and contacted by Elsenova who is giant war machine representing “species” of Rusalki. They are at war with Athetos a mad scientist destroying space-time. More accurately speaking they lost the war and now you are their last chance. But that are the bits of the story from later on, for now all the instructions you get are “There is a gun in the next room” and “You must go, now”.So you get out and start exploring. Enemies hit hard encouraging slow and methodical approach. Learning attack patterns and using distance to your advantage keeps you from restarting back at egg-shaped rebirth chamber. You make your way to the next rebirth chamber. You find few upgrades in the process and a new gun, which has a different firing mechanic (making it a highly situational weapon). And then you get to the boss; the slow and tense rhythm fades away.It all just goes nuts. Boss fights are punctuated with delirious high-tempo electronic music and filled with adrenaline up to the brim. The screen is traced with enemy shots. You dodge and jump. You keep firing. Precision, speed and reaction will get you through first few bosses. Pattern-learning and staying focused will pick up after that. Bosses will have phases with tricky moves and more deadly attacks. You avoid damage and keep shooting watching how your enemy slowly turns red. All of this just turns itself into red pulsating blur.The rhythm slows down again. You proceed further to keep on exploring. This is a simple loop of going through building up tension to climax points and back to calm concentration. You’ll collect more items, more weapons. You’ll meet NPCs. Piecemeal storytelling: cryptic dialogues and ciphered messages. Backstory takes significant effort to uncover itself. Same for some of the most powerful weapons.Somewhere around the middle of the game Axiom Verge suddenly plays homage to Blaster Master repeating one of its key mechanics in reverse. Trace is granted an ability to launch a miniature remote-controlled drone to explore narrow spaces. Most innovative though is the Address Disruptor. The Glitch Gun. You fire it in a cone in front of Trace and it lets you pass through inaccessible wall (by evaporating them). Or it changes the properties of your enemy. Or it materialises a platform hanging in the air. It glitches. Magic happens.The game’s most amazing secret though is its very well hidden procedurall-generated dungeons system. The existence of such a system within the game is what defines its author’s dedication to traditions of the genre. It’s this little details like a special mode for speedruns with some thought put into it that make a metroidvanian labyrinth interesting to explore, not just pass by."
,Recommended,332200,26178557,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Verran,"Without a doubt, one of the best games I have ever played. One guy put Nintendo to shame. Kudos, Tom."
,Recommended,332200,15887526,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,The Bear Den in Fata Morgana,"A modern take on a classic formula that can stand alongside the likes of Super Metroid and Symphony of the Night as one of the finest in its genre. And don't be fooled by the 8-bit aesthetic -- this game's engine is deceptively complex and makes for some incredibly memorable moments. (Not to mention those awesome ""glitch"" effects reminiscent of an NES game in need of cleaning!)Also: it was made by one guy in the span of five years."
,Recommended,332200,15962240,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,kranky,"I've never liked Metroid and similar games, but this one I've enjoyed.Interesting story, great art, grimdark style, good level design and solid gameplay. A lot of different weapons and items gives more tactic possibilities.Boss fights were a bit short and simple, but thats ok.Special thanks for Linux support."
76561197987327268,Recommended,332200,31648382,Posted: 9 May,all,Gravelord Wade,"You played Metroid II when you were a kid......and you loved every part of it?Then buy this game.Seriously the art is awesome, the music too. Game progression is very well thought(the glitch gun is a great idea and is op af when you understand how to use it)Many things in this game will remind you of Metroid, except the story maybe, which is very open to interpretation. The nostalgia was strong during my playthrough.Props to the man behind this!Also, if you intend to buy this, don't read any guides/wikis. That would spoil the puzzle and backtracking aspect of the game, which is core to enjoying that kind of game in my opinion."
,Recommended,332200,15885081,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Tro The Chain King,"Has a story that i have often considered deeply, and gets the Metroid feels flowing.Best game released this year."
,Not Recommended,332200,15865736,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Sheep,"Being a metroidvania fan, I've been hyped about Axiom Verge for months. I couldn't wait for it to drop on Steam. So, I never thought I'd be writing a negative review for it.I did have fun with the game, but that's where the praise begins and ends. Of course, the soundtrack and art style are very cool and attractive, but the game proper underwhelms.The game length is quite short (8 hours with ~85% completion), and the early parts are fun, but you quickly become too powerful for any of the game's enemies to be a threat to you, even on Hard mode. Basically, that means Axiom Verge quickly becomes focused on the exploration aspect.While exploring is half the fun of any metroidvania, the game gets into a slump where you're just dashing around the map like a mad man toward any undiscovered map tile, ignoring enemies and trying to find the next powerup (which you only need to get to the next powerup, anyway). The enemies might as well not even be in the game; you hardly deal with them past the first couple hours of the game.The real problem with this game is the controls. Bosses get damn near impossible at the end of the game; one tiny tap on the control sticks will switch out your weapon, or enter the radial weapon select menu, or send you double-tap dashing in a random direction. The final boss fight was a nightmare akin to a Mario Party minigame, where I was spinning my D-Pad around and mashing buttons like crazy, just praying to get through it. The final upgrade you get is practically impossible to control, since it seems to have a mind of its own in terms of controller deadspace and which directions it ""thinks"" you wanted to double-tap.The bottom line is that the game suffers from simplistic level and enemy design. If enemies were designed to be tough at first but then much easier to beat with each successive upgrade, there would be a sense of difficulty progression, but the game feels like a flatline item-hunt after the first couple hours. Also, the story is mostly incomprehensible, although to be fair, I haven't read all the collectible note logs. It's possible that the story does get fleshed out and has a great ending, but I personally wasn't gripped by anything the story had to offer.That being said, I still think any self-respecting metroidvania fan ought to give Axiom Verge a go. I'd just wait for the game to go on sale."
,Not Recommended,332200,19054620,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Call me Teedus,"As someone who's grown up with the original Contra, Metroid, and Megaman I understand your tastes toward fleshy alien atmospheres. A lot of the environments in the game are quite visually striking too, albeit a bit self-indulgent. Lately that's the only thing that kept me going through the game.But even so, the design of these maps are painfully outdated. The original metroid could get away with endless vertical climbs and recycled enemies with boosted health because of hardware limitations. I hate to use this cliche', but it's 2015, level design must have meaning (I'm talking to the thoughless amount of dead ends through corridors in Axiom Verge) many of the places I jump to, have no meaning, no puzzle, it wastes the player's time.What made metroidvania games so good in the past, was their incredibly fast pacing and constant gratification of finding secrets throughout the map. Some of those ""metroidvania"" traits exist here, but they are too far apart, or you're busy jumping to a place that leads to a dead end. It's a horrible paradox to make such bad mistakes in level design, then forcing the player to explore it.This review is critical on purpose, because your style enticed me- ""Megaman, Metroid and Contra all packed into one, this game was created by someone who appreciates videogames"" or so I thought.This game has the clunky shooting of the original Megaman (you can't run while shooting down, you must stand still everytime you want to shoot) and the painstaking backtracking of the original Metroid.You obviously have a talent for creating spawling alien atmospheres, you're an artist, I appreciate your tastes. I see you made this thing all my yourself too but you must have input from other people, especially for map design.Don't recommend."
76561197970687769,Recommended,332200,19208328,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,-WeReWoLf-,One of the best modern examples of a classic-style metroidvania that I've played in a long time.Nice responsive controls. Balanced difficulty curve. Huge map to explore that rewards exploration and revisiting old areas. Cool and appropriate soundtrack. Beautiful yet creepy art style that fits in perfectly with the themes and storyline.
,Recommended,332200,26957659,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Martylang,The best metroid-vania game that is not actually metroid.
,Recommended,332200,24265218,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Chaoseiro,"Simply amazing.If you like ""metroidvanias"" / platformers, you will certainly like this game.I feel kind of ashamed of waiting to buy during a sale.Expect a lot of exploration, backtracking and platforming.Of course, as others have already said, there are things that could be better. Some boss battles are just a matter of discovering the best weapon to use against it, others about positioning. Some secrets are way too hard to find. I know thats the point about being secrets, but I simply had to use a guide to get past the 90% mark (and didn't even finished with 100%).Overall, a well done game (if you consider it was made just by Happ, it is an amazing game and feat.), that is well worth your time.9/10 would play a sequel."
76561198022262201,Recommended,332200,16840965,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Bubble Buddy,"Very few games can match this level of polish and mastery. The soundtrack is some of the best I've heard, the controls are super tight, the bosses are interesting, and the exploration feels like a true Metroidvania. This is easily one of the best games I have ever played, period."
,Recommended,332200,21884603,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Royal_Tenenbaum,"It's dope as ♥♥♥♥ so far. I say this as a big Super Metroid and Castlevania DS fan. I grew up on this formula. I still adore it. If you feel the same, you will enjoy this."
,Recommended,332200,31925019,Posted: 23 May,all,Sketch [UK],This game left me hungry for more.
,Recommended,332200,16472075,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Charles Randall,"This is the best metroidvania since Super Metroid. You owe it to yourself to play it. Though inspired by Metroid, the game is entirely its own and lifts nothing from the Metroid series."
,Recommended,332200,25584259,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Ar Ciel,Never has a metroidvania-style game so engrossed and unnerved me with imagery alone. This is the type of game Cthulhu itself would beam into your frontal cortex if it was pleased with your service.
,Recommended,332200,25611513,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Azex,Amazing game. Beautiful music.A true successor to Super Metroid.And all made by just 1 person.
,Recommended,332200,21892452,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Walta,"Have you ever played a metroid title, and did you enjoy it? If you're doubting whether or not you should get this game and answered the previous question with a yes, then you should definitely get this game.It's like the 2D metroid sequel you've always wanted.It took me a little over 8 hours to beat, but there's definitely more time you can get out of it by speedrunning it/100%'ing it.One downside might be that the controls can be a bit icky when you're playing with keyboard, but otherwise its an amazing experience.(8/10)"
,Recommended,332200,22696282,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Drahko,Liked Super Metroid? Buy this one.
,Recommended,332200,15905876,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Dibby,"God, where do I even start. Everything about this game is utterly fantastic. The gameplay, the graphics, the music (good lord the music). Axiom Verge is a love letter to Metroid in video game form. It is -unabashedly- Metroid. If you grew up on 2D platformers, this will be your jam. Even if you didn't, PLAY THIS GAME. It was made by a single dude!It's a short but sweet experience. I'd say on average it'll last anywhere from 8 to 12 hours. I clocked in at 11 and a half hours as my clear time. There's a ton of collectables and hidden items scattered throughout the game, but most are pretty optional.Speaking of collectables and hidden items, Axiom Verge has a lot of weapons. A LOT of weapons. I think there's 20 or so? A minor gripe I had was that despite the vast array of weaponry, only a handful are actually useful. It seems like the design mentality was akin to ""sounds cool on paper"", but in practice it ends up being pretty useless. Fortunately, the handful of weapons that are good are REALLY GOOD. And to be fair, some of the ""useless"" weapons are really useful against certain bosses.Another gripe I had was regarding some of the controls. Two upgrades in particular, the Grapple and the various Dash upgrades you get have kinda... janky controls. They're pretty unwieldy. The grapple's just plain hard to use, and the dash, well... The dash activates by doubletapping a direction, but often times I'd find it would activate randomly on its own just from normal movement. I would much have prefered the dash being mapped to a button instead.Overall, solid Metroid-y experience. I'd recommend it to anyone who's a fan of 2D platformers or Metroidvanias. GREAT GAME A+++++ ALL THE THUMBS UP."
76561197965308213,Recommended,332200,20452852,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,ColonelSanders,i wish I was dead please kill me in real life
76561198008373031,Recommended,332200,15857030,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Probotector®,"Axiom Verge manages to encapsulate the feeling of the Metroid series but plays it safe by pretty much copying Metroid and not building on top of the proven formula. However it turned out surprisingly good for a one-man project. Not bad at all, Mr. Happ.Axiom Verge's story is alright but nothing that will stick with you. It does start out promising but as I've uncovered more of the story, either via ""cutscenes"" or hidden collectable letters (an idea I always welcome), the less I cared for it. It's really hard to win me over with a story so take this information with a grain of salt.Graphically it looks very reminiscent to Metroid and the games' overworld provides some beautiful sceneries, tho I think that fore- and background visuals often look very inconsistent. Nevertheless they get the job done and I really love the overall asthetic, right down to the garbled mess of glitchy sprites. The music is for the most part well done and greatly add to the isolating atmosphere of the game, but the instrumentation in some of the tracks can get very annoying.There are over 20 different modules for your ""Axiom Disruptor"" to find, and while I haven't unlocked all of these modules yet, I've found myself only using 2 of them in my entire playthrough as both were efficient enough to destroy whatever came in front of me. Along your way through the game you will also pick up items that allow you to literally glitch through obstacles, dash or let you cling on ceilings and swing across pits ""Bionic Commando-style"". Player control is well done with the exception of performing dashes which require you to double-press your analog stick or digital pad to the intended direction. It often happened that I dashed without actually wanting to do that maneuver. Not only that but the analog stick control in the main menu is overly sensitive. I've played Axiom Verge with a XBOX360 controller and I'd like to hear feedback regarding this issue from other players.Thomas Happ did a really good job with the design of the overworld. I haven't found myself stuck at any point during my playthrough despite the lack of information given to the player (as it should be). Even backtracking to locations you've already been at before doesn't feel like a chore. Secrets are very well hidden and will require some extensive searching. I'd argue that the level design is Axiom Verges' strongpoint.And despite all the good things I have to say about this game, it somewhat lacks its own identity. It lends itself way too much to Metroid and plays it safe. And the somewhat lackluster story doesn't help to emigrate that feeling.Also I don't think that the game provides enough content for the 20€ Steam is asking for it. I think that 15€ at max are a good investment.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Axiom Verge schafft es, das Metroid-Feeling im Spiel aufkeimen zu lassen, geht aber auf Nummer sicher und kopiert Metroid lediglich, anstatt auf dem altbewährten Konzept der bekannten Reihe aufzubauen. Dennoch ist es eine respektable Leistung für ein Ein-Mann-Entwicklerteam, gute Arbeit Mr. Happ.Die Geschichte von Axiom Verge geht in Ordnung aber es ist keine, die den meisten Spielern lange im Gedächtnis bleiben wird. Am Anfang beginnt sie vielversprechend doch je mehr von der Geschichte aufgedeckt wurde, entweder durch Cutscenes oder versteckten Notizblättern, desto weniger interessierte sie mich. Ich bin nur sehr schwer mit einer guten Videospielgeschichte zu überzeugen, daher solltet ihr meine Meinung zur Geschichte nicht zu wörtlich nehmen.Die deutsche Übersetzung ist tolerabel, einige Rechtschreibfehler gilt es zu verkraften.Grafisch lehnt sich Axiom Verge an Metroid an und die Overworld bietet hier und da auch einige schöne Kulissen an, auch wenn es öfters vorkommt, dass Vor- und Hintergrundgrafiken oftmals sehr inkonsistent zueinander wirken. Die Ästhetik des Spiel gefällt mir sehr gut, bishin zu den grotesken Glitchgrafiken. Die Musik ist größtenteils sehr gut und verleiht der Overworld auch eine unglaublich gute Atmosphäre der Isolation. Nur wurde die Instrumentation für einige Musikstücke ünglücklich getroffen, was beim längeren Verbleib in einer bestimmten Sektion auf die Nerven gehen kann.20 verschiedene Waffenmodule gilt es für deinen ""Axiom Disruptor"" zu finden. Allerdings habe ich während meines Playthroughs nur von zwei von diesen Gebrauch gemacht, da beide sich gut komplementiert haben und der Rest nicht wirklich hilfreich erschien. Außer Waffen findet man in Axiom Verge noch weitere Items, die einem ermöglichen, sich durch Wände zu glitchen, einen Dashmove auszuführen oder sich an Decken anzuhängen und über Abgründe zu schwingen, wie in ""Bionic Commando"". Die Steuerung wurde im Großen und Ganzen gut umgesetzt. Allerdings hatte ich das Problem, dass die Spielfigur öfters den Dashmove eingesetzt hat ohne dass ich dies auch wollte (Doppel-Tippen des Analgsticks oder Digitalpads in eine bestimme Richtung). Außerdem ist die Steuerung im Menü mittels Analogsticks viel zu empfindlich. Ich habe Axiom Verge mit einem XBOX360 Controller gespielt und würde gerne wissen, ob auch andere User die selben Probleme hatten)Thomas Happ hat hervorragende Arbeit bei der Gestaltung der Overworld geleistet. Nicht einmal während meines gesamten Playthroughs bin ich irgendwo hängen geblieben, trotz spärlicher Informationen, die dem Spieler vorgesetzt werden (wie es auch sein sollte). Selbst das Backtracking in Areale, die man schon besucht hat, belastet nicht. Secrets sind sehr gut versteckt worden und es bedarf ein waches Auge um sie alle zu finden. Meiner Meinung nach ist das Leveldesign die größte Stärke von Axiom Verge.Und trotz all den guten Dingen, die ich über das Spiel zu sagen habe, fehlt diesem eine eigene identität. Es lehnt sich einfach zu sehr an Metroid an und geht auf Nummer sicher. Und auch die schwache Geschichte des Spiels trägt nicht dazu bei, es vom Muster zu differenzieren.Und ich denke nicht, dass das Spiel genug Content abliefert, um die 20€ rechtfertigen zu können, die Steam für das Spiel verlangt. 15€ wären noch in Grenzen."
,Recommended,332200,15828187,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,EzekielNOR,"Awesome, long time Metroid fan, couldn't ask for anything more - it aint fully Metroid but it is as close as you will get until they make a new Metroid 2D game (3DS rumors this year!).On difficulty:Not easy, not hard - unless you choose hard: You will be biting your nails, just like it should be. Awesome speedrunning options and global leaderboards.Music:Good soundtrack, not as good as Super Metroid but I dont think anyone will ever make a more atmospheric 2D platformer than Super Metroid, a good secound place to Axiom Verge.Plot:Awesome, told in a good way.Enjoy!"
76561198077323062,Not Recommended,332200,29080356,Posted: 6 January,all,Photon,"Gah. Aethestically, this game is mesmerizing. Functionally, its feels like a mess.What do I mean by that? There's no denying that this alien world has a very distinct artistry to it, and from a purely cosmetic standpoint it really, really works. What is this place? What's with these giant talking heads? Only the bare minimum makes sense, and from a Metroidvania perspective it does a great deal towards driving curiousity in the world around you. Axiom's Verge's amibiguity flat out captivated me; I wanted to know more.And yet, that same amibiguity turned out to be a double-edged sword. You might think a strange, alien world would be filled with meaningful landmarks, but that just doesn't seem to be the case. The world as a whole just feels like a hodge-podge of random terrain that goes from ""weird green-looking stuff"" to ""weird blue-looking stuff."" Its nice eye-candy in the moment, but its make for terrible navigation. Getting a power-up essentially had me going, ""Oh great, I wonder which forsaken dead end this thing hooks up with."" Exploration can quickly devolve into aimless wandering as you travel half-way across the map just to find a health fragment (and subsequently pick another dead end to check out.) The poking around feels more like a mandatory exercise than a fun sidequest.The cryptic nature of the world carries over into some of its powerups. It probably sounds cool on paper to run through walls, but again, which walls? Generic Wall #31 probably isn't a very good landmark to use for hiding secrets. You also hack enemies to produce all sorts of funky effects, like them being able to suddenly break seemingly random tiles for no obvious reason. And why can I hack only one out of five different pools of similar-looking acid? These moments of discovery feel less like ""Aha!"" moments and more like, ""Oh, OK. That just happened, I guess."" moments. Its wildly infuriating to feel like the world is just stringing you around, rewarding dumb luck rather than intelligent observation.If that wasn't enough, combat is by and large boring. Early enemies are often placed in very exploitable positions, whereas later on enemies get really ""homing"" happy. The bosses, on the other hand, tend to be massive rinse-and-repeat affairs where you can, quite literally, stand and/or jump in place while mashing the fire button. Their patterns are often dreadfully predictable, and combat seems to favor raw damage output over finesse by a long shot. Combat can definitely end up adding to the tedium of randomly running to and fro.Ultimately, its feels frustrating to have this incredible world held at arms length by obtuse mechanics. I can't say I've played anything quite like Axiom Verge and a part of me wants to keep absorbing its eccentric wonders, but I've found myself losing patience with all the wild goose chasing. The game more or less sells out completely to the cryptic dimension of Metroidvanias, for better or for worse."
,Recommended,332200,30192890,Posted: 26 February,all,Schmidkalkan~ ★,"Amazing game, really hope for a sequel. The gameplay was interesting and had to offer decent amount of stuff.At first, I felt helpless and weak, but the more I proceeded, collected upgrades and explored this big world, I felt stronger and it was a ♥♥♥♥ing amazing feeling, the music and ambience really gave this game a bonus. The concept of using glitchy barriers was also dope, especially the secret glitch rooms.What more to say? If you like Metroid-Like games, exploring and upgrading your character... this is for you then."
,Recommended,332200,26785772,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Convector,"The most Metroid like game on Steam, this game deserves a play if you've a fan of Metroidvania games.  Retro graphics may be commonplace these days, but this game makes it work, including building into the game what were just glitches on the old nes.  Here they add to the gameplay.  Highly recommended."
76561198120435099,Recommended,332200,28297171,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Autismo,"Now, I never played any Metroid games, or anyother medtroid-vania type games before, so this was first real ""introduction""t to the genre. And, well, this game is truly something.Exploration is, as you would expect, a massive part of this game, so making an interesting world to explore is crucial. Axiom Verge hits that right on the head - each and every area has its own unique (and very well made) visuals, soundtrack and enemies. Finding and exploring each of the diverse and colourful worlds was one of my favourite parts of this game.The progression of this game is great. you will come upon something, play around with it for a bit, then realise you can't do anything with it and move on. Later, you will come across an item and think, ""maybe I can use this to get past that thing I found earlier."" You can backtrack to past areas and find find optional stat upgrades and notes, whick give you some backstory.The story is presented very well - the further you progress, the more is revealed is revealed about the protagonist, the antagonist, the ""Rusalki"" race, and why and how you are in the strange world of the game. However, the story is, at its core, pretty straightforward.The combat of this game is nothing to really write home about, but it isn't really terrible either. the enemy design is nice and varied and balanced for the most part, but combat can sometimes feel a bit clunky, especially against faster melee enemies.The bosses are quite the same - they're challenging enough, but they're all quite unoriginally designed and pretty forgettable.But overall, Axiom Verge is an absolutely phenomenal game, and I don't think it got the recognition it deserved, especially being developed by a single man. As of when i'm wriring this, the steam christmas sales are inevitably drawing near, so hopefully you'll be able able to pick it up at a discount. But even if you don't get this game at a discount, I would strongly recommend you pick this game up."
,Recommended,332200,22707137,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Ymetro,"Best game ever!I almost never feel compelled to use my energy to write about a game, but this one really deserves it!My best game experience since ... er... e-v-e-r!Best controller to play this game in my experience is: the Xbox One controller. Solid, snappy controls.I played it with the Logitech F310 controller, the  Xbox 360 controller and keyboard (off course).Also played the soundtracks loud on my headphones and pc speaker system. Awesome tracks!"
76561198178141507,Recommended,332200,23960029,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Caleb P,"Axiom Verge: Now with 100% more mad scientists, gigantic Russian robots, beautiful pixel art, and truly awful dialogue.Awesomitude- An arsenal to satisfy the most OCD weapon collector- Real pixel art, not the faked kind made with Cinnamon Toast Crunch- No real glitches that I found...- ...but the in-game glitch mechanism (yes, that's a thing) added a lot of depth to combat and exploration- Fair amount of replay value- Parts of the soundtrack were really goodNeutral-y stuff- Very, very, very much a Metroidvaniagame to the point of being a Super Metroid cloneBadness- Really, really bad dialogue. It was so bad, in fact, that it often distracted me from the fairly interesting story.- Save spots are widely separated and there is no auto-save mechanism. If you die right before reaching a save room, you'll find yourself back 20 or 30 map-tiles away.- Some secrets are hidden in completely ridiculously places, forcing you to resort toa walkthroughpure chance to find them- Parts of the soundtrack were really bad7.94485/10 as Metroidvanias go."
,Recommended,332200,30184284,Posted: 25 February,all,Andoru,"Thomas Happ does what Nintendon't. While it ably substitutes for the new 2D Metroid that Nintendo inexplicably refuses to make, Axiom Verge simultaneously establishes a compelling identity of its own."
,Recommended,332200,24988578,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,vertigoelectric,"As someone who played the original Metroid as a kid, Axiom Verge hit me right in the nostalgia, and it felt great.  The soundtrack is also fantastic and I listen to it quite often."
,Recommended,332200,26867909,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Xanum,Metroidvania i have been looking for years.12/10
,Recommended,332200,15829036,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,An Anemic Turtle,"Dying for another 2D Metroid? This will fill the void and then some, capturing the joy of gradually uncovering sections of the map while expanding your arsenal and shooting everything that moves. Don't be fooled though, Axiom Verge has plenty of neat tricks of its own. If you like the look of it - go for it."
,Recommended,332200,15848095,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Zdonick,"This is the best metroid game I've played since Shadow Complex.I feel like it could be unfair to compare a 2D pixel-based game to a 3D one, however both Axiom Verge and Shadow Complex were created to take the very best core mechanics from metroid games (notably super metroid) and apply their own spin on them.Where Shadow Complex was 2.5D, Axiom Verge's alteration focuses on having a wide variety of weapons, each more useful in different scenarios. With multiple collectables upgrades for health, weapon damage, range, projectile size, and various special upgrades, the game's structure plays out with the exact same progression as a metroid game. The most interesting gameplay mechanic comes from a sort of 'virus' that appears to plague the planet you are present on, and it is represented as game corruption (the kind you get when you don't put a game cartridge all the way in or run a rom through a corruptor). There's even a weapon upgrade that allows you to corrupt tiles and enemies with various, and sometimes bizzare, results.The music is very solid, and while the graphical fidelity may be lower due to using pixel art, there is enough in the way of modern particle effects and distortion to make the game feel visually polished. Sadly, while the story is interesting enough, the main character is fairly forgettable, but Axiom Verge isn't a story driven game in any capacity, so this doesn't hurt the game much, if at all.This game is of course not as polished as an actual metroid title, but is well worth playing, and at the very least has rightfully earned my 20 dollars."
,Recommended,332200,15830495,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Alien Dude,"This game is amazing. Its like Metroid yeah but honestly at some points it surpasses it. All the weapons, Gadgets and enemies are unique. Always upgrading, always improving. And the soundtrack... MMMM, I LOVE IT! And small things from a button to lock you in place so you can shoot anywhere without falling off a platform, to that normally annoying low health beeping sound being synced up to its current background music makes me curtain that this game needs all the money you can spare."
76561198058855659,Not Recommended,332200,20898228,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,dcm488,"Being a huge fan of the Metroid series, this game was fun for the first few hours but the exploration quickly became repetitive while game's difficulty seemed to spike so unneccisarily high that the repetitive exploration became not worth the frustration anymore. Relatively simple enemy AI cranked up with way too much health makes many deaths feel cheap and undeserved. I finally hung it up deciding that completing this game would be more of a hassle than an enjoyable challenge."
76561198158149244,Recommended,332200,19543538,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,tuckboat,"Excellent retro style platform game that executes beautiful graphics/art with some good old fashioned exploration and big boss fights.Metroid keeps getting thown around as a comparison but it reminded me more of castlevania aside from the sci-fi setting. I really liked the overall feel and tone of the narrative and how well everything seemed to tie together from the artwork, to the game mechanics, right on down to the narrative. Clearly the creator of this title had a stict vision for Axiom and belive it was realized quite well.On the downside I have to say I was pretty disappointed with the boss fights. There are a few that I would consider fun and rewarding but they seem to get worse as the game drags on and many of them have a gimmick trick that can take them out in no time. The End Boss was especially lackluster and but overall I am still more than happy with this title.8/10"
,Recommended,332200,28657828,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,LegACy,"My whole life I've been looking for something that can rekindle my love of Metroid. Yes, there have been good 2D Metroidvania out there like Ori & the Blind Forest, but those... are not Metroid.Enter Axiom Verge.If you ever liked Metroid, and ever want to experience that kind of adventure again, then Axiom Verge is for you. It simply delivers on all front. Beautiful alien environment, winding paths with tons of secret, getting stronger as you progress, amazing lonely soundtrack. I booted up this game for the first time, and as I started playing, it reminds me of those feelings that I have when I played Super Metroid back then :')"
,Recommended,332200,30114282,Posted: 22 February,all,Aspirety,"I've played a lot of metroid-likes, but this feels like the first one to really stick to what makes 2D metroid games great, while also including enough flair and variety of power-ups to feel remarkably distinct. It's everything you love about Super Metroid with a bunch of unique abilities and a very different story. Anybody looking for the next big thing since Zero Mission was released however many years ago, this will likely scratch that itch for you."
,Recommended,332200,25097924,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Celery,"When I first learned of Axiom Verge, I immediately sent the trailer to a friend.  His response was something along the lines of, “It's Metroid...” He was partially correct.  The striking likeness to the acclaimed Nintendo series is what I initially found attractive.  At the time I even recall hearing that it was an outright clone.  It turns out this is mostly false.  Super Cyborg is closer to what I might call a clone (and that's not necessarily a bad thing).  Although its influences are obvious, Axiom Verge still brings a lot of originality to the table.The game follows Trace through his adventure on Sudra.  Once the seat of an advanced civilization, the planet is now mostly overrun by flora and fauna.  Perilously close to the planet exists a spacial anomaly of sorts called the Breach.  Due to Sudra's proximity to the Breach, parts of the world are less stable than others.  This lack of stability, or perhaps corruption would be a better word, ends up playing a major part in several game mechanics.  As you explore the world you (may) encounter the many notes that are scattered about.  They function as one of the prime ways the story is conveyed, the other main way being dialogue.  There is surprisingly detailed story here, but the game makes very little effort to spoon-feed it to you.  It's easy to miss out on large chunks of lore if you don't spend significant time exploring.While searching the map you're also likely to find some of the many weapons, upgrades, tools, and other secrets.  One of the more innovative items is the Address Disruptor.  It allows you to corrupt enemies and de-corrupt parts of the map.  Glitching has several different effects on enemies.  Sometimes they become less hazardous, other times they perform beneficial actions, and occasionally they take on characteristics of a different enemy type.  It is a cool concept that I don't recall having seen in other games.  There are a staggering number of weapons, so many in fact that I probably barely used half of them.  Most of them are pretty cool, but some are certainly easier to use than others. While the game does feature a quick swap option, the ability to omit weapons entirely from the weapons wheel would have been nice.Although I only extensively used a little more than a handful of weapons, I imagine that on a planned run certain guns may be especially handy due to their proximity to your route through the game.  There is a speedrun mode, and I'm sure that players interested in that will be able to find sequence breaks and boss quick kills.  Aside from scouring the map for every item, this is where most of the replay value will come from.  There are achievements for beating the game under a certain time and finishing with under a certain percentage of items. It's all very reminiscent of the sort of challenge runs I remember people trying in Super Metroid.  I found some of the boss battles to be a little simplistic,  and couldn't help but wonder if this was an intentional design choice to make things faster for people running the game.  If nothing else, they're very impressive visually.Several of the bosses are gargantuan, not unlike the regions of Sudra in which they reside.  All of the areas feel different from each other and very alien.  There are a few rooms in particular that appear to be there specifically to give the player an idea of the scope of this place.  It's clear a significant amount of time and effort went into creating every aspect of this world.  I doubt it actually abides to NES technical and color limitations (this is probably for the best), but it certainly managed to give me a hefty dose of nostalgia.  The majority of the soundtrack is good, and I especially enjoyed the track “Trace Rising.”  However there was one song (“Inexorable” is the title) that I disliked so much that after hearing it a few times I wanted to mute my speakers while traveling in that region.  The song's vocal sample quickly became grating.Despite a few flaws, Axiom Verge is a fun ride.  As the credits rolled I was reminded of something remarkable, this game was developed entirely by Thomas Happ.  He has created a solid and memorable game that pays tributes to his inspirations while still remaining original enough to stand on its own.  I've heard he might expand the franchise and I really hope he does as I'd definitely like to revisit it.  I'd recommend this game to fans of 2D Metroid titles, and people that enjoy exploration.  Don't go into it expecting it to be a clone though, because it's different in more than a few ways.Like the review? Follow my curator page to see my thoughts on other games."
,Recommended,332200,17089860,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Shroud3d,"It's probably one of the most fluid Metroidvanias you'll ever play. Not to mention this game has original weapons and abilities, which is crazy for a genre that has been quite saturated the past couple of years. Also the main character has a lab coat which is always a plus. Definitely buy this if you enjoy hard exploration and platformer games. The soundtrack is also a beautiful asset.First playthrough is not all that long, probably six or seven hours if you're known with the genre, but again there's lots of things to get 100% of after you're done."
,Recommended,332200,16876288,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,4Banjo,"Axiom VergeAxiom verge is a 2d Sidescroller that feels alot like the old Metroid Games.oh boy,were those times.It also feels like it,but canthiscombare to Metroid?Let's find out!GameplayThe Gameplay goes smooth of the hands and feels easy to master.as you go through the game you get tools that help you make your live easier. The Moving is responsible and reacts really fast. overall the game is difficult,a bit.if you die its your fault through.The bosses are also fun to fight and the soundtrack fitsMy gamepad i had did not work with the game,which sucks for me,but i had a keyboard so i could still play the game.WeaponsThis weapon has them.alot of them.From the ordinary cannon to a SPOILERFlamethrower and a laser cannonyou wont get bored of itOverall/TL;DRCan i recommend this game?i had fun,and i don't regret buying  it(first saw it when a guy named Vinesauce streamed it)Fair GameplayMany WeaponsFair fightsyes.----------------------------------------------------------------------Review over,however i through i might post some bugs i found during my casual playthrough.using the ability of a coat while you die will mess up the games animation when you respawn AND you will hear the noise of it until you respawnedthats actually all the buggs,the others i forget them."
76561197965025705,Recommended,332200,17176419,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Brownzerg,"After beating Axiom Verge in just under 12 hours for the first time, I must say this title just blew me away.I have always enjoyed the Action Platformer type genre since I can remember. Many offerings in the past have come close to emulating the perfection achieved by the benchmark Metroid games. Axiom Verge I am pleased to say goes above and beyond. The story is intriguing and the setting completely engaging. As you progress the reality of the situation slowly pieces together and even though I've completed it, I still haven't 100% collected everything. So the finite details of the story are still out there to be found and pieced together.Soundtrack was deliciously retro and completely unique, I've never heard anything like it.The levels are superbly designed and there is plenty of exploration and back-tracking as you collect more and more gear and become capable of navigating the terrain. It is dark, organic, and mechanical all at the same time. A unique flavor all its own.Highly Recommended"
,Recommended,332200,17686286,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Formal Rice Farmer,"This game has a lasting artstyle and unsettling story and atmosphere. The world is vast and full of collectibles in the form of weapon types, so if you pay close attention, you will always have a new weapon to try out, though eventually you will probably settle for just one weapon type most of the game.The soundtrack is lovingly crafted and the songs are all surprisingly long. I find myself forgetting about the game months later, but suddenly remembering the excellent 80's style chiptunes and being drawn to play the game again."
76561197967692485,Recommended,332200,21838847,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,^___^,"Forbidden platitudes in this review: Metroidvania, Nintendo, love letter, retro, Super Metroid, indie, pixel art, 90's, 8-bit, chiptune, nostalgia.Axiom Vergeis deeply rooted in the 2D action/platform adventure genre. Aside from excelling in every area, what sets it apart is a compelling intrigue and a wide range of pretty unique mechanisms, which I will do my best not to spoil here.The first right note that the game hits is the atmosphere. The visual design might not be everyone's cup of tea (it surely wasn't mine at first), but the somewhat crude colours of this alien world in which you find yourself stranded play their part in creating a deep sense of immersion. The sounds and music are on point, and set the perfect mood for the 12-15 hours you'll probably spend exploring and backtracking across the different areas on a casual playthrough.The sense of progression is extremely satisfying throughout the adventure. The level design teases you along the way with a good number of inaccessible areas and/or pickups, which you'll be encouraged to revisit once you've acquired new tech. Aside from lore logs and the usual upgrades (health, range, weapon damage), a good number of the items you will find are inherently specific toAxiom Vergeand will have unique consequences on the gameplay. The movement upgrades really redefine the platforming, and the rather sizeable pool of weapons will leave you with a lot of options when it comes to combat.The difficulty balance was just right for me - some of the end-game rooms and bosses are pretty brutal, but exploring and acquiring enough upgrades will make it possible to push through without too much grinding and frustration. With a clear mind and a bit of experience with the genre, finding your way on your own is perfectly possible (and I would deeply recommend doing so, as it is infinitely more satisfying than following a guide). The more hardcore-oriented players will be glad to know about the inclusion of a Hard mode as well as a built-in Speedrun mode, complete with global/split timers, reduced RNG and leaderboards with separate categories (any%, 100%, low%)! Nonetheless,Axiom Vergeis perfectly suited for casual gameplay as well.Did I mention one person did all of this? Yep. The coding, the art, the level design, the music (!)... all the work of a single man, Tom Happ, who createdAxiom Vergeas a personal project in his spare time over the course of five years. For a game this close to perfection in every area and a product far above the industry's usual finishing standards, this is truly impressive."
76561198034334978,Recommended,332200,22867175,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,neptronix,Excellently done metroid spinoff. Does an excellent job of recreating the cold spacey vibe that the first game had.Lots of interesting power ups and game mechanics. Worth buying and worth playing if you like this genre of game!
76561197979378060,Recommended,332200,24391136,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,-=CoX=- Rob64,"So you are looking for good old SuperMetroid feelings? Not much backtracking mapwise, progressive and innovative items, an awesome soundtrack and  some ~8-9h for your first playthrough? GO grab this game. It got all this. The best experience i had in a long time, Soundtrack is great, gameplay is fluent and it gets more and more difficult as you progress. Perfect!"
,Recommended,332200,35137446,Posted: 22 September,all,WallaWallas,"Axiom VergeAxiom Vergethrows you headfirst into nostalgia from the moment the game begins, and isn’t shy at all about its inspiration from classicsMetroidandSuper Metroid.Axiom Vergehas a killer soundtrack, unique biomes and enemies, secrets galore, a plethora of upgrades and weapons, and boss fights that will test your reflexes and skill.Play as Trace, a scientist who wakes up in the strange land of Sudra after an explosion in the lab knocks him unconscious. Help the Rusalki (Sudran war machines) recover their strength after being critically wounded by Athetos and his biological weapons. But who is really friend and who is foe? Or perhaps an even better question is, what is real and what is not? These are the types of questions you will be constantly asking yourself during and after your playthrough ofAxiom Verge. The game’s ending is fantastic and leaves plenty of room for theorizing and forming your own opinion. That being said, the entire experience will take you between ten and fifteen hours. Here’s to hoping this isn’t the last we’ll see of Trace!For the hardcore,Axiom Vergecan be played in hard mode, speedrun mode, or both.Summary and Target Price PointAxiom Vergeis a solid8.0 out of 10 with the biggest complaint being its brevity. Normally priced at $19.99,you can grabAxiom Vergefor $9.99 with some patience.Check outthis linkto compare price and price history ofAxiom Vergefrom your favorite retailers."
,Recommended,332200,25638221,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Dhal is irie,"Tom Happ is on the short list of legends of 1 man developers who manage to make a masterpiece.This game is amazing, for so many reasons. Play it on Hard your first blind playthrough, do yourself a service. Maybe it should be noted, I'm not sure I would like this game as much as I do without a controller (I used a 360 corded).Game is worth every penny."
76561197989077202,Recommended,332200,34785980,Posted: 6 September,all,Ouchqt,"Amazing, if you like 2d metroid you should 100% buy this."
,Recommended,332200,23938309,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,CyberSparky,"This has to be one of my all-time favorite games. It is literally on par with Super Metroid on SNES imo. I love the nostalgia feeling of the game, the music is also amazing.I used an Steam controller for most of my playthrough but eventually swapped to my XBone controller for 2nd joystick.If you grew up playing NES, SNES, Sega, in the 80's an 90's, you will love this game.I CANNOT WAIT for a sequel for this game. Still love this game. :)"
76561198028049202,Recommended,332200,25995820,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Kupo Games,"Liked it a lot but I felt the map was too big and the controls a bit cluttered. Double-tapping to dash sucked. Found myself running slowly through long corridors a lot. A more compact map or faster movement options would have been nice.I feel like most of the combat was centered around finding a cheap strategy or safe spot, especially on a lot of the bosses. I didn't really have to learn how to dodge most attacks. Often it came down to just spamming attacks with the most effective weapon and hoping the enemies died before you did.Good game overall though. The music was catchy and creepy, and the graphics very alien-looking, just what I'd want from a game like this."
,Recommended,332200,31696811,Posted: 12 May,all,Scipio243,"Amazing game if you enjoy Metroid games.  Perfect art style, music, and gameplay to bring up nostalgic feelings toward classics like Super Metroid.  Could not put it down."
,Recommended,332200,18723577,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,crowbar,"rating: worth buying at sale price (<15€)score: 8/10 - very goodsimilar games: Super Metroidtags: metroidvania, platformer, explorationAxiom Verge's biggest inspiration was clearly Super Metroid, one could even call it a cheap copy of it and I wouldn't object, The level structure, the world design, the enemy design, the pacing, everything really feels like Super Metroid and I can say that as someone who didn't even play Super Metroid for that long. However everything also is a bit worse than in Super Metroid to be honest. That doesn't mean it's a bad game, it's still very good actually, but in this review I will mainly talk about the things I didn't like,  because I think those are always more important factors for someone who is thinking about buying the game.There are a surprising amount of weapons in the game, some of them are also a bit harder to find, and that's cool, but the difference between the weapons is so minor or some weapons are so extremely situational that you will maybe use it just 3 or 4 times or so. I think the developer could easily ""merge"" the functionality of some weapons together who kinda fullfil the same role. For example you get a spreadshot which shoots 3 projectiles in a cone with very low range, but then you get a weapon which shoots electricity in a cone but this one can also shoot through walls and does more damage too.Or you have like 4 different weapons which just shoot projectiles forward with just really small differences, and then you have a weapon which covers the whole screen but does little damage. The sound design of the weapons is also not great.Then there are the enemies. A lot of enemies just have their movement pattern and technically ""ignore"" you, you just have to watch out that you don't touch them or their attacks. The game had too many enemies like that for my taste. I find these enemies annoying most of the time, because they prevent you from traversing the enviroment, because they crawl along the paths you have to go most of the time. And that is a problem since this a metroidvania and you will backtrack A LOT in this game. There are also more aggressive enemies, some really cool ones, but also a lot of really annoying enemies. Some have attacks which are undodgable, well, in theory you could dodge some attacks I guess, but in practice it's just annoying. Much later in the game there are enemies you can only dodge using the teleport ability, but using the teleport ability is really fiddley so sometimes weird things happen.Because the weapons aren't well designed overall and there are more annoying enemies than fun to fight, the combat isn't the strongest suite of this game.What was really dissapointing, like REALLY dissapointing, were the bossfights. Visually they are really really well designed, but they have extremely weird attack patterns, weird weak spots and the fights mostly consist of standing in the right spot and spamming the shoot button. It also doesn't help that the bossfight music is the same for every boss.All of these annoyances get even worse at the last quarter of the game where the game sends you from one end of the world to the other just to get an item, then back to the other end of the world and then somewhere else. On your way the game throws one room full of enemies at you after the other with the thoughest enemies of the game. But because this gets so tedious and annoying I just wanted to rush through past all enemies or was too lazy to go to a save room or something which even led to more frustrating moments.Anyway, that was a lot of criticism, I still really like this game. First of all I think the game does a good job with the metroidvania aspect (good, not great). There are a lot of different pick ups you can find, not only weapons and items you need to progress, but also stat upgrades and stuff like that. I also like how all the areas are connected with each other and how the game guides you a bit through it`s world. However you can easily forget where you can go and where you know you need an item for. This could easily be solved if the game just let you put notes on the map, an infinite number of notes with custom text, currently you can just mark 2 spots per area which doesn't help at all. A good example of what I mean is Legend of Grimrock 2. The difference between your character at the start of the game and at the end is so extremely huge, you really feel the progress you made.The story of the game starts really simple and boring actually, and after reading the first lines of dialouges I thought this will be a throwaway story, but over the course of your journey the story gets more and more interesting. The game also has some really neat surprises for you. The presentation and atmossphere are also really strong, the pixel art is really really good except for a few enemies, but sometimes you come across some really huge and incredible looking things. The music also fits the game really well, I especially like the subtle sounds when you are in the room before the bossfight.So. The game has functional combat, good exploration, interesting story and nice atmossphere and music. It is also over 8 hours long which is nice, however as I said the last quarter of the game is really tedious. If you are a fan or metroidvanias the purchase is a no brainer for you, you probably already purchased it. For everyone else I recommend waiting for a small sale."
,Recommended,332200,23966793,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Chowderchu,"This game makes my axiom verge right up at a 45 degree angle. A delightful surprise that mixes old and new elements from the best games, and also brings it's own flavor. I'm having to force myself to stop playing after 4 hours because my eyeballs hurt."
,Recommended,332200,15846261,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Fudo Myo,"The feeling reminds me of when I saw the first Matrix movie in theaters for the first time. It combined everything I loved into one grand work of art. If I were to make a movie, that would have been it at the time. This game is the video game equivalent. It feels like it was made personally for me.Metroid + H.R. Giger + Eric Chahi's Another World with a pulsing electronic score. It doesn't get any better than this."
,Recommended,332200,15832136,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,ProfessorKaos64,"Review updatedFantastic Game! Full of great, responsive Metroidvania gameplay. Very close feel to Metroid, without seeming like a clone. Great ascetics and atmosphere. Menu systems are great, as are the map and weapon systems.Gameplay:Controls are very tight, and I highly suggest that you play this one with a PS3/PS4 controller. Having the dpad in the main spot and the precision of the gamepad is vital near the end of the game, where you use one of your swifter moves and require precise use of it (or at least I did to stay alive) during the final battle. Doing this double tap Left/Right with a joystick is ok at first, but it is very difficult near the end.The weapons are fantastic, and I implore you to find them all. Each weapon as it's great strengths, even if they felt miniscule in the final few rooms, where the enemies are quite tough. Superb selection. Movement is tight, and I very much loved how responsive the game was.Story:Stunning, while you are in a place that you don't understand, the alien story is nice and simple, while leaving ambiguity in droves, even after the end of the game. Smells like a sequel :)While games like this (due to ADHD) tend to make me only play in small bursts at first, man, was I HOOKED near 2nd half of the game, going after every nook and cranny of each map section. Even though I took time to explore every area I could, I ended up with a 90% map completion, and a 60% item completion. Maybe I will come back at some point to see what else can find.Great game if you are a fan of Metroidvania-type games.OS: SteamOSVideo Driver: Nvidia, proprietaryCard: Nvidia GTX 970 SCCPU: Intel i5 @ 3.4 GHzHDD: Seagate SSHDRAM: 8 GB DDR3Launch issues: none, fluid and works well.Music: PHENOMENAL, pulse pounding, great bassMenu system (main), very good, buttons fully configurable, nice aesthetic, dpad + thumbsticks workPause menu - nice quick access to controls to do on the fly button swaps.Controls: responsiveVisually looks greatWell animated for it's styleCapped at 60 FPS it seems, and it runs great."
,Recommended,332200,15834908,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Karsh,"Axiom Verge is a fantastic castle-metroid-'em-up.It hides its secrets in really cool ways. Weapons are fun, unique and plentiful. Great soundtrack and artwork. Made by a single dude.Its only flaws are totally forgivable; namely, the main character is a dweeb and some of the boss fights aren't so hot. But Axiom Verge delivers on everything else it aspires to be."
,Recommended,332200,15910730,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Hackel,"This. Game.Are you tired of Un-Original games?PLAY THIS.You'll me blown away by how amazing the art, soundtrack,  gameplay and overall atmosphere this gem of a game has.And this was made by ONE PERSON.Holy cow, i LOVE you Thomas Happ!!!!!"
76561198055075965,Recommended,332200,21118785,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Chaotic Neutral 40,"I originally got this game thinking it was a fun Metroid clone.  But that label does an injustice for what the game presents.  There is an unbelievable amount of items and powerups packed into this game, and thats not even bringing up the most unique thing about this game: glitching the world!  That concept really enhances the game experience and presents a new set of challenges and strategies that your basic Metroid clone would lack.  It also is paced very well, starting you off nice and slow, but really pushing you come the end when you get more powerful.  Even on the easiest difficulty, playing careless will result in death.  Doubly true for bosses, which all present difficult but fair challenges.  However, a few bosses can be defeated using cheap tricks.The story knows its place is on the backburner, because the thing that sells this game is the adventure and action.  So it is generally not intrusive.  And the backstory is revealed only through certain pickups.  But it does have some interesting ways of reintroducing itself, ways that you will definitely not see coming.  The story isnt anything special, but it was not lazily written by any means.Overall, Axiom Verge is one of the best games I've played on Steam.  And thanks to item percentages, multiple endings, and even a speedrun mode for those who enjoy that challenge, there is replay value there. Whether you get it on sale or not, it is worth the price tag, without question.  This game is not just some Metroid clone, its takes that label and glitches it into oblivion."
76561198048500916,Recommended,332200,16007948,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,♡ Bloodstone Zeline ♡,"what is there to say about Axiom Verge really?everything absolutely every little detail in this game is pure eyegasm, i can't say enough how THANKFUL i am that this type of game was brought to daylight in such a era as 2015HONESTLY! how many other games can top this one? yeah sure GTA fans will say this an that but its not my pointi grew up with Nintendo and Snes: Metroid, Zelda, Cstlevaniaso i got a PC and with it came all the ""high graphics sh*ts* .. but getting to travel back to the GLORY DAYS of gaming as Axiom did was the best thing so far this yearYOU ROCK TOM HAPP! for having the guts and courage to make a 1980/1990s game in 2015! much love and respect99/99 will play again an again an againPS: the soundtrack is GODLY"
,Recommended,332200,21291254,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Apple Hat,"This is one of the best Metroidvanias ever made. My only complaints are that the bosses are too easy and it left me craving more. The art direction, music, atmosphere, exploration, and even story are all top notch and it is the perfect scratch to the Metroid itch that Nintendo will never satisfy."
76561198028628890,Recommended,332200,25520198,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Rjoukecu,"The game is just awesome.The amosphere/design of this masterpiece is like if H. R. Giger and H. P. Lovecraft would have a baby, so that would be it.I was little bit worried about how a game controller(for PS3, yea sorry guys I can't stand controller for XBox) would react under ArchLinux. Just plugged one into the PC and no problem at all.Thanks guys."
76561197991085701,Recommended,332200,24146440,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Ferden,"Very enjoyable game. Worth the money put into it. A huge throwback to castlevania/metroid classic games. Neat twists on the story as it develops, although...Overall, if you enjoy these 2d platformer puzzle shooters, get this game."
,Recommended,332200,20396302,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Cris Oliveira,"WARNING: Make sure you have a Xinput gamepad or a Dualshock 4 before buying.Great game.Rips off Super Metroid shamelessly, but is not as tight design-wise, which, in the end, makes Axiom Verge it's own thing. Still, it's the closer any game has ever got to Super Metroid. Metroid Fusion is less Super-like than Axiom Verge. (I'll confess I can't compare with Zero Mission, because it's been too long since I last played it.) A clone with it's own thing - yes, it's kinda paradoxical. It's like a fan-made spiritual successor, albeit the fan is a professional programmer/designer/artist/composer/nerd-god-among-us and Axiom Verge is his  spare time project, or so I heard.Pros:* The closer you'll get to Super Metroid, my favorite game ever.* Design: cool retro aesthetics, sometimes going even to monocromatic or CGA-like palette. HR Giger and Cronenberg-inspired biomechanical design. Also, glitch art relating to reality bending mechanics.* Some huge bosses. The screen zooms out so you can see the whole monster and his room!* You can use a PS4 controller right of the bat it you want. I don't have one, but if you do, good for you. A 360 one will do too.* Huge array of weapons. Most of them have a clear trade-off. The ones that cover wider area are weaker. Some have very specific uses. Most of the time, I used an electric bolt more akin to a melee weapon than a projectile, very strong albeit very short ranged, but hits across walls and floors. Another cool weapon is an electric beam that homes into the enemy, but it's not effective with some enemies.* Very cool mobility mechanics! See those narrow tunnels? Think you'll get a morph ball upgrade?  No, you'll control a spider drone to explore and gather itens! Later on, you'll be able to teleport into the drone's position. You'll also be able to teleport to the other side of walls and later on, you'll have a multidirectional teleporting dash! So maybe you want to reach a distant platform? How about jumping, teleporting up at the apex, then blasting the drone's egg, hatch the egg, teleport into the drone's position, teleport dash again and voilá: there is your platform! Maybe you're a grappling hook person? You're covered too! Go as Cronenberg-Bionic Commando as you like, Rick!* Glitch your enemies away! Adress disruptor will turn your enemies into those things that used to appear on your screen when you banged your cartridge while your system was on. Their AI will change too in different ways. Some will become slower, others will alter their motion, some will turn against other enemies, some will turn into platforms and a specific kind will even become controllable via player input. There may be trade-offs, as enemies may become slower, but gain a special attack. Some walls and platforms can also be glitched-deglitched so to allow your way.* Great music! Very sci-fi-like electronica. Chiptune square sound waves mixed with traditional trance-like sounds. Listen to Famicom/NES's square wave being modulated into distortion!* Although I've seen a reviewer claiming he got stuck for 2 or 3 hours, I've breezed through the entire game in far less than a week. Granted, sometimes I didn't know what I was supposed to do, but I did it anyway (It's a Metroid clone - you go everywhere you can and look for anything you can. What's the secret?). No guides used. Only clue I got from somewhere else was a spoiler in that said video review - thanks Super Bunnyhop... Good thing it was nothing major, not getting that would not hinder my game. Also, I cannot understand why some people complain about difficulty. This game, at least in normal mode, is not hard at all! I'm impressed how quick I've beaten it.* Although the design is not as supertight as Super Metroid's, this gives Axiom Verge it's own twists. As you'll not be as efficient as Samus doging a barrage of bullets, you'll find yourself hiding a lot and exploiting enemie's AI's inefficiencies, like when it traps itself in a corner. But that exploit adds to the sense of strategy. Knowing how enemies behave is essential to come up with ways to defeat them or at least to run away from them.* Fun.Cons:* Shameless Super Metroid rip-off. Wait - wasn't this one a pro? Oh yeah, right. Next one, please.* Although it says ""Full controller support"", it's limited to 360 and PS4. Got a PS2 one and plan to use X360ce on this game? Too bad, it won't happen! You gotta have a Xinput controller or a Dualshock 4. SCPToolkit (Windows only) will do the trick for Dualshock 3. Google it and give it a try if you need it, it's worth it.* The story is very difficult to grasp! While Super Metroid told its tale through game mechanics, Axiom Verge will explain the backstory of everything through dialogue and notes. Not a bad thing per se and Metroid Fusion already got that approach before, so it's not new either. But this one is made from the start to twist your brain! If you have the patience, by the end you'll make sense of all the nonsense, but it's too convoluted to be for everyone. It's nothing you'd not have seen in Moffat-era Doctor Who before, but that alone says something.* Although weapons variety is cool, most of them will not be used. I was surprised to realize how many times the best approach was to use the default weapon.* Although bosses' visual designs are cool, some of them have uninteresting AI. There is one in particular which I killed just by mashing fire as I realized all I had to do was beating his fire frequency (gunfight until one of us dies first).* Sometimes you gain access to a new part of the map, dig your way into a hole, only to realize your reward was not an upgrade, but a backstory note. And sometimes you won't even be able to translate the alien language. Said backstory notes should be located only in areas you have to traverse anyway, not in detours where your sole purpose is the note.* I sometimes wished the combat was tighter and being a bullet-sponge was less of a successful strategy - maybe you should try hard mode if that's your concern too, but beware: the said bullet-sponge strategy becomes a legit strategy on two or three later bosses - the last boss, specifically, is all about how much damage you can take and how much you can recover before depleting your health. Health is no rare commodity in normal mode but, in hard mode, that changes. Bullet count goes the other way around, so choose wiselly when to soak yourself in bullets.* I wish it was longer, but I can't have everything I want, can I? As a one-man-made game, you would expect a lot less.Summarizing, a great game, not a perfect one, but no game is. It's a Metroid ripoff and knows it well, and yet it presents cool new ideas. Just make sure you have the right type of gamepad or you don't mind using your keyboard.10/10 - Would Cronenberg it again."
,Recommended,332200,27322041,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Raikors,"Axiom Verge is a lovingly crafted ""metroidvania""-style 2D action adventure; a genre that hasn't received a lot of love lately. It is set in a alien world and has a bunch of neat pixel art and great music.It borrows gameplay elements from various old school games and even adds a few new tricks into the mix to really open up the movement possibilities  later in the game and make you re-think and see places you have already visited in a new light. It has minor flaws, such as some of the acquired weapons feel a bit useless compared to others and some areas are more memorable in design or have better music tracks, but nothing I would consider deal breaking.Absolutely recommended if you can appreciate a game that gives you a vague idea where to go but doesn't hold hands all the time; one that is built around backtracking and exploration.ps. Nominated this for the ""I THOUGHT THIS GAME WAS COOL BEFORE IT WON AN AWARD"" award."
,Recommended,332200,19043330,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Kain Klarden,"A lot of people seem to call this game a love letter to ""metroidvania"", and I can't fault them for that. This is one person's attempt to create a truly modern 2D Metroid-like game, using all the lessons learned from the best of the best in genre and adding new elements, that weren't tried in the genre before. This game has exciting exploration, varied locales, fantastic soundtrack, unique visuals that mix old-school 8bit and 16bit era art with subtle modern effects, surprisingly good challenge for the most part and a very interesting atmosphere that can probably be summarised as ""sci-fi adventure as if Another World/Out of This World was designed by H.R. Giger"".It's not without flaws or questionable decisions. Challenge in the opening parts, before some upgrades, feels higher than you'd expect from a Metroid-like game, with action not being tight enough to justify that. Boss battles look great, but only 2 actually feel fun to play, with most others just being ""shoot shoot shoot die already it's getting annoying shoot shoot"" deals. Game features some random elements in the way of ""Secret Worlds"", which, in concept, are cool, but make the ""exploration"" part of the genre most loved for it, a bit less rewarding, because the areas are random and you have no chance of getting everything in one run. Some of the navigation moves just feel clunky to pull off, especially the very important one, that requires directional double-tap - most of the run-and-shoot actually plays better with an analogue stick, but these are very hard to pull off and are frustrating even on a d-pad, no matter what gamepad you use. And finally, the story and dialogue feel rather averagly written, which is sad simply because the setup and situations they show are actually very interesting. So, story, while often predictable, is exciting to experience and the world lore is out there to be found, but both are just told in a very mediocre way.That said, the game is still fantastic, especially due to its innovation in treating death more like a... well, Souls game, I guess will be the most understandable comparison. That is - death does bring you back to the last save room you used, but you keep all the unlocked map squares, items and everything that is permanently done (like killing a boss or triggering a cutscene) stays done. This, along with the idea that enemies do not respawn immidiatelly after leaving the room and instead after you move two rooms away, makes exploration so much more fun, while not simplifying the rules to the point, where it gets boring.One of the best recent games in genre which, while probably isn't as full of awesomeness as La-Mulana or Aquaria, still feels like a solid ""proper full game"" that you'd get full priced 15 years ago and love it. A real treat for anyone who wants to explore some amazing worlds in Metroid style."
,Recommended,332200,20925942,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Anh Alexander,"Boy have I missed 2-D Metroid games.  This really filled the void!(Also, I'm always impressed by games that are made by a single person)"
,Recommended,332200,29274922,Posted: 15 January,all,Mario Dan,"This review is in english and spanish.Esta revisión esta en ingles y español.English:The first thing you should know about Axiom Verge is that I DO NOT LIKE. I did not like it artstyle, I did not like it the sounds and music, I did not like the story and I did not like many design decisions. Why do I give it a positive review?Because it does a good job for a metroidvania, has enough areas to explore and enough items to collect. Duration approximately 8 hours, more if you try to get 100%. At least for me, it's a Metroidvania that I'll not play again.Which game of this genre would i recommend you before buying this? Rogue Legacy7/10Español:Lo primero que deben saber de Axiom Verge es que NO ME GUSTO. No me gusto su apartado artístico, no me gusto su apartado sonoro, no me gusto la historía y no me gusto muchas decisiones en cuanto a diseño. ¿Por qué le doy mano arriba? Porqué hace un buen trabajo para un metroidvania, tiene bastantes zonas para explorar y bastantes ítems por recoger. Duración aproximadamente 8 horas, más si tratas de sacar el 100%. Por lo menos para mi, es un Metroidvania que NO volveré a jugar.¿Cuál juego de este género te recomendaría antes de comprar este? Rogue Legacy7/10"
,Recommended,332200,24750412,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Nate Bauer,"This game brought me back to my childhood playing Super Metroid until early hours of the morning. While Metroid had a more scientific mysteria feel to it, this suggests more of a ""Bladerunner"" experience more than anything else.Great game, looking forward to the sequel."
76561198020474036,Recommended,332200,23093293,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,i^2,It's a metroidvania genre game that manages to flesh out its own identity through unique gameplay mechanics set in a surreal scifi conspiracy thriller.
,Recommended,332200,23187509,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Antare,"This is one of the few games I've ever felt the urge to ""review."" I've never played Metroidvanias before and this game has definitely made me want to look more into the genre. I just picked up Overwatch and I can't stop coming back to this game. Definitely worth the money."
,Recommended,332200,22244470,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Vittorio E,"An excellent Metroid clone, this one gets almost everything right.  I think the general creepiness of the world feels like the original Metroid, but the controls are more precise like the SNES iteration.  I love that the game never tells you exactly where to go next, this is what's missing in today's action/adventure games (with the notable exception of the Dark Souls series).The upgrades that allow you to progress from one area to the next constantly surprised me - I was almost always wrong about what was needed to access a new location.  A few examples: you don't need missiles to open doors, you don't use bombs to blow up weak blocks, you don't roll up into a ball to get through tight spaces, and you don't get a freeze gun to turn enemies into stepping stones.  There were a couple exceptions, but for the most part the developer did an excellent job coming up with new ways to solve these old puzzles.The music is some of the best I've heard in gaming, from any time period - dark synths with the occasional bit of creepy chanting.  And the graphics, while a little bland in some of the wall/floor textures and enemy sprite designs, more than make up for any shortcomings with several rooms that are absolutely jaw-dropping.  Many of the weapons also put on a nice light show, and are worth tracking down for this alone.Speaking of weapons, most of them are completely optional, and unless you go back and thoroughly explore you won't find half of them.  You probably also won't find many of the other secrets the game has to offer - I already know I didn't get the best ending, but I'm looking forward to going back in the near future.If I had to come up with a complaint, I would say the bosses, while looking very impressive, all had fairly easy patterns that did not really change during the battles (most simply got faster as you damaged them).  This is a minor issue though, and did not affect my enjoyment of the game much.If you enjoy Metroidvanias, this one has my highest recommendation."
,Recommended,332200,24425927,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Josh,"As a major fan of Super Metroid, this is a wet dream come true."
,Recommended,332200,28668619,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Scerttle,"Imagine Metroid mashed up with Another World and you have Axiom Verge. The story is interesting, the pixel art is gorgeous and the music is awesome. Definitely worth picking up if you're a fan of the genre."
76561198014812621,Recommended,332200,23739982,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,mileniumanimator,"Loved this game.  The atmosphere, music, weapon variation were all fantastic.  Very well done.  And as a retro gamer, this hits a homerun.  The one issue is I use the steam controller, and it kind of sucks... I could not easily get the dash to work which is a simple double tap command, but not easy to pull off with the steam control.  Regardless, the game is fantastic!"
,Recommended,332200,31675128,Posted: 10 May,all,Zulf,"It's so fun that you will want to finish it in one sit then feel regret for finishing it too quickly. Even though this game is not for everyone due to rely heavily on players' memory, making newcomers of this genre to get lost quite easily and hating the game because of this; you can't go wrong with this one.I loved the art, soundtrack and gameplay of the game. The story made me want more, but it's not an actual problem. It made me discuss with a friend about the lore and story of the game.The only time I had an issue with this game was at the puzzle where you getthe drone. Had to watch a youtube video just to feel stupid and ashame with myself due to the simplicity of the situation.I won't count the amount of weapons as an issue because you can choose how to play, cheesy, normal or challenging. (There are some useless, though).It has a SpeedRun mode to those who want to play without re-reading the story and have a timer to measure well how they are doing. Ideal for those who love speedrunning.I hope Thomas Happ keeps doing more amazing games like this one."
76561197960964715,Recommended,332200,33020940,Posted: 29 June,all,Whiteout,"So. Damn. Good.If you liked Super Metroid you'll definitely like this game. It has great atmosphere, fun weapons and tools, and just an overall great game.When you finally get all of the tools and movement techniques it feels like there's so much more that you can do and starts to feel very fluid. I wouldn't be doing my dilligence if I didn't address the negatives.The plot is kind of wonky. I don't want to spoil it, but there is a really cool twist in the plot followed by a really cliched one. It askes a lot of metaphysical questions that I frankly don't care for.  There are extra notes you can find throughout your play-through but I found the notes did very little to add to the world and instead made feel that ""What is life?"" smugness that I hate in pretty much every game, even the good ones.The other problem I had was that normal was a bit too easy after you get the first couple of health extensions. The bosses didn't really test my reflexes and seemed to be designed around finding a place to exploit cover and just firing from there. I'll try the Hard mode and see if the enemies just hit harder or if the patterns are different.Regardless, of those two nit-picks the game is just fantastic. I want people to understand that this is only a slightly negative aspect and doesn't distract from the overall enjoyment of it. I marathoned the game to completion, which took about 7 hours and all I could think of was wanting to play more.Just an excellent, excellent game and a MUST play for fans of Metroidvania."
76561198197395799,Recommended,332200,32840175,Posted: 26 June,all,Scotch,"Solid Metriod style game with great gameplay. It has an interesting world, characters and monsters, though the story is a little convoluted.  The encounters are sufficiently difficult to keep things fun, but not so punishing that you consider giving up.  Definitely a lot of content for completionists.  That being said it features a great deal of backtracking, even for a Metroid type.  All in all it is worth a play through if you are a fan of the classic Metroid style platformer"
,Recommended,332200,16564315,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,zasha_m,"MUST PLAY for every Metroid fan, who also like a taste of cyberpunk, glitch/noise, retro and an awesome soundtrack.One can't really argue about this game. Everything just matches.A real loveletter to the ""original"" one."
,Recommended,332200,27367418,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,funoko,"Very challenging, recommend it to speed runners"
,Recommended,332200,24027933,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,StellarSloth,"Incredible game. Brilliant music and very atmospheric. Amazing how a game designed to be in the 16-bit style manages this. Only issue I had was that its controller support was difficult. Apprently it only natively accepts Xbox and PS4 controllers, so if you have a generic PC Logitech or something like that, it won't work straight away. I had to download a very obscure controller -> keyboard mapping program (Not even JoytoKey works with AV which is kind of strange) to get it to work. Once I did, though, it was perfect."
76561198038634490,Recommended,332200,34255127,Posted: 15 August,all,ajsindri,"WOW. Nailed the bio-cyber-punk aethetic. Music, art and story are all great.Without spoiling the plot, let me just say this reminds me why I never want to try LSD or DMT. I would be afraid I would go through the experience and come out believing something like this actually happened to me.10/10 Helped me face my existential dread."
76561198034296983,Recommended,332200,18943887,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,xRedCrowx,I have been waiting for this game since the mid 1990s. I grew up with a Super Nintendo controller in my hand. Super Metroid was my jam. It was great. I played it over and over. I hit 100% loot. I got faster. Beat the game 2hrs07min. Kept playing. Loved it.Then Castlevania: Symphony of the Night dropped on the original Sony Playstation. YES. Fantastic. Grind. Play. Explore. I get the Crissegrim. I hit 195% on the map. I do it again....And then I wait. FOR 17 YEARS. Why doesn't anybody make a decent Metroidvania? The tech is there. The talent is there. The demand is huge. What's the problem? Several handheld Metroids. A few castlevanias. They're alright. Kinda cool but not quite on the same level...and then Axiom Verge.10/10 would wait 17 years again.
76561198173008047,Recommended,332200,23336409,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,SNES Nerd,"Great game, perfect if you like the metroid series. crazy to think that it was developed by one man."
,Recommended,332200,23512881,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,thainen,"Let's face it: we'll probably never see another proper metroidvania in either Metroid or Castlevania series. Koji Igarashi is taking care of the latter right now, working on his much anticipated Bloodstained: Ritual of the Night. As for the former -- here it is, the Metroid we were wating for, made by one person.Axiom Verge follows the genre formula to a T, dropping the player into a vast world, full of interconnected rooms with a plethora of weapons and upgrades to find, monsters and bosses to kill and secrets to uncover. It somehow also manages to be innovative, introducing some unconventional weapons and mechanics, the most prominent being the glitch gun. The SciFi story is somewhat nonsensical, but the world it takes place in and the characters it makes you meet are memorably eery -- a dead planet inhabited by several AIs in form of colossal severed female heads that would make H. R. Giger shiver.Visuals are awesome -- while anyone can try to lure the nostalgic audience with ""retro graphic"", it takes a real artist to create pixel art that stands well on its own. Same goes for music: catchy and atmosperic, it's much more than your average chiptune.Forget the nostalgia factor: Axiom Verge is an awesome game by itself. If you long for a fresh metroidvania experience, grab it and get your fingers blistered!"
,Recommended,332200,23457662,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,DJ Winza,"Are you looking to relive the Metroid games from NES, SNES, Gameboy and GB Advance? This is the game you want right now! Since Nintendo is moving Metrid games into the FPS direction, this would be a wonderful game to ignite a new series from. The story is weird, but cool. The weapons and abilities you aquire are fun to use and also both similar to, but different from those of Samus. Similar enough that it feels like the same series, but different enough to set the main character, Trace, apart from the Space Bounty Hunter we all know and love.This game has just taken my heart. I fell in love with it when I first saw it's ads 2 years ago for it's kickstarter. I stayed away of playing it all this time because I wanted to see if I could avoid spoilers other than what the ads themselves show. I was successful and even purchased the game over 6 months before I played it to further my own personal hype.In the last week, I put 17 hours into the game, all livestreamed on my YouTube channel. I have never been so happy playing a game on YouTube, even though my views were very limited. It was worth it and I intend to try playing it again in my free time and on normal mode (I played it on hard). This game is worth buying at full price, but if you see it on sale, GET IT!!!"
76561197998033010,Recommended,332200,23813521,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,daniel_mic,"Yep - good, very good!(halfway through the game)I have played many 80's/90's platformers, since the mid 80's, and this little guy just oozes with nostalgia:-Metroid/Castlevania(of course)-Konami-ish art style from the NES days-Mega Man strenght/weakness system for bosses(intentional or not, it's the way I see it)Pretty cool story!The only thing wrong with the game is the map layout...maybe I'm not looking at the different 'zones' connecting together correctly, but it's confusing as heck...good thing I have a good memory.All in all, the game is perfect, except for it's map system, which I rely on at 'GPS-grade'(a regular paper map always being better than a GPS)."
,Recommended,332200,22752366,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,GrizzlySol,Don't get to see Trace in a bikini at the end 0/10
,Recommended,332200,15835166,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Lord Eagle,"It's like the rebirth of Super Metroid. And that's a great thing! Beautifully designed. Gave plenty of room for exploration just like Metroid. The only problem I have is some of the 8-bit music is a little uneasy on the ears. I get this is going for the nestaligic look, but the music could use a small upgrade. Otherwise, I would recommend this game to anyone who grew up with Super Metroid."
,Recommended,332200,15840823,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,wandrecanada,"This is the closest you will ever get to experiencing Super Metroid again. The story is intriguing enough without being intrusive. The game evolves constantly as you continue to discover new items and upgrades that change how you traverse the world and fight enemies.Metroid vets will rejoice at constantly being surprised by the game's setting up your expectations and taking a hard left turn. Who needs a morph ball? Not I.If you're a fan of side scrollers, dungeon crawlers or just plain exploration of an emerging and ever changing world this game will grip you for hours and hours."
,Recommended,332200,25720456,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,{-ZRA-} Cuttlefish of Evil,I like that one guy made a better Metroid game than Nintendo
,Recommended,332200,15849923,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Major Horrigan,"if metroid and castlevania had a baby on acid ..... anyway: great game, sick soundtrack .. the immense amount of work Thomas Happ put it his game is plainly visible .. a true labor of love, retro in all the good waysthe colors hurt the eyes a little at times but i believe that is an acceptable price of admissionI wholeheartedly recommend this game"
,Recommended,332200,15829508,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Fossilfern,"Great game, As massive fan of Metroid (Super Metroid being my favourite game of all time) This is probably as close as we will get to Metroid since Nintendo seem to be taking quite some time to get another game out!It's simple. If you like Metroid you will like this."
76561197967647393,Recommended,332200,15829590,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Kevin Sorbo,"So far I am really enjoying this game.  For those of you who enjoyed the old school Nintendo games, this definitely will bring back that same nostalgic feeling, but it still feels like a new game with great, tight controls.  Furthermore, I have played for over 10 hours and still have not finished it, so it's not going to disappoint because it's too short.Excellent music...Excellent action...Excellent game..."
,Recommended,332200,15827197,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Progfox,"A great game oozing in Metroid slime. Interesting weapons and powerups and a great soundtrack too. My only real gripe is the dialogue, but that's really a minor issue. Definitely for fans of the Metroidvanias."
,Recommended,332200,15868826,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Kreyg,"I can't say enough good things about this game. By far one of my favorite games of 2015 so far. You can tell a lot of time, effort, and love went into making Axiom Verge. This is a game I feel everyone needs to experience. You'll never know how good it really is until you play it yourself."
,Recommended,332200,19023824,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Akka,Literally super metroidwhich is ♥♥♥♥ing excellent considering that nintendo pinched out that federation force and other M abominationsGet ♥♥♥♥ed in the♥♥♥♥♥Nintendo
,Recommended,332200,15970196,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Parsnip,It's great.
,Recommended,332200,15829770,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Plato Karamazov,"This is it. This is the Metroid game we have been craving for a very long time. Thomas Happ has given us an astounding, beautiful, and at times, challenging game. I had been excited about AV since I first heard of it, and it's finally here. This game is absolutely phenomenal, from the music to the bizarre and ominous aesthetic, to the level and boss design (I've downed 2 bosses thus far), this game is PHENOMENAL. I can't recommend it highly enough.That said, I would recommend changing some of the controls if you're on a keyboard. I changed Jump to ""L"" and Shoot to ""P"", and that has worked out very well for me.**EDIT**I have just finished the game. My god. This game is incredible. It is just my level of difficult--challenging, but not frustrating, and the backtracking is painless, especially compared to other metroidvania games I have played recently and been unnecessarily frustrated with.Thomas Happ did something very special here. My excitement leading up to the game's release has been absolutely justified.I'm calling it: Indie Game of the Year."
,Not Recommended,332200,29042483,Posted: 5 January,all,Air Conditioner,"Definitely hits all the marks for being a metroid successor, but I found this game to be pretty boring.  Bosses were generally easy and the exploration was not meaningful at all.  None of the zones are memorable so good luck remembering where it was you needed to be able to jump 2 blocks higher to explore.  I never got the feeling that I was exploring a world it was more like ""huh, I went from a kind of purple zone to a kind of brown zone"".  There is nothing to make you remember any zone other than color, but aside from the colors the zones seem exactly the same.  Only the green middle zone has something really memorable.Unless nostalgia is all you need, I think there are better metroidvanias out there for the price."
,Recommended,332200,20036192,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,XYC,"To be precisely, Axiom Verge is not a metroidvania game which usually adds the RPG elements(such as level-up system, skill-tree, etc.) and dilutes the enviornment puzzle solving. Axiom Verge IS the spiritual successor of Metroid.+ Focus on the exploration and puzzle solving+ Create its own puzzle solving formula which is not directly copied from Metroid series+ Intense bosses battle+ Tons of weapons that provide choices to fight enemies+ One dev who finished all parts of this game- Level art is not as pretty enough as other parts- An annoying double tap skill (Right now it can't be remapped to other button)9/10"
,Recommended,332200,17832802,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,genesis8472,enjoyed every moment. great game
76561198040743165,Recommended,332200,17423190,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,sqwidee,"Remember that little game called Shovel Knight and how it brought classic Mega Man inspired platforming to modern gaming?Yeah, this game is the same thing but for Metroid. Step aside, Samus Aran. Axiom Verge is here to carry the genre now that Nintendo is set on killing your series."
76561197994205012,Recommended,332200,19432580,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,[HH:FS] illyay,"Great game all around.  It was like reliving the first time I played Metroid, only its own take on the genre.Love the gameplay, controls, music, art style, story, etc...  Seems very H.R. Geiger inspired, (Well Metroid was as well since it was somewhat inspired by Aliens) only this is a darker toned game.I spent a huge chunk of my Thanksgiving weekend on this game and finding as many secrets as I could and it was worth every second."
,Recommended,332200,19778051,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Brub,"Good game for any 2D Metroid fan. It took me a while to get into it, but some of the weapons and tools you get are really awesome, like teleporting through walls or shooting drones to go through small areas. There are some really cool songs in there like the boss theme ( Trace is Rising ), though overall I wasn't really blown away but the soundtrack. The progression/exploration is also a little weird. I found myself backtracking quite often (especially during the second half of the game) and not knowing where to go so it can be a little frustrating when this happens.The story gets really interesting halfway through the game, so yeah I recommend it, but maybe wait until it gets on sale.7/10"
,Recommended,332200,20365745,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,DoppelgangerAlpha,"This game is an obvious tribute to the sidescrolling Metroid games that many of us grew up with and anyone who's a Metroid fan will absolutely love it. A lot of indie games try to invoke nostalgia and fail pretty hard but this one gets it.By the way, if you're a completionist be prepared for a LOT of backtracking."
76561197992886766,Recommended,332200,19519677,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Honorable_D,"Metroid. This is a modern Metroid with retro graphics. Gooood. Also, it has minimalistic yet rather facinating storyline - something you won't find in the old Metroids.Haha, thats all that really needs to be said! Good game!"
76561197977305802,Recommended,332200,20590670,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,fieryelf,"Amazing game, I recomment to anyone who loves Metroid kind of games. Retro graphics with a modern touch, the music sounds very other wordly, there are a ton of different weapons. I'm really hoping they'll make a 2nd one."
,Recommended,332200,21529055,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Applejohn,"This game is simply amazing!Everyone who is in love with theMetroid Seriesshould definitely try this one out.It's full of secrets and optional stuff and has a ton of weapons for you to explore!It has a great backstory, and most importantly:one of those creepy atmospheres ♥The soundtrack is as the game itself pixelated and gives the player exactly that kind of emotion you wish for while playing it.I'm a great Fan ofSuper Metroid, would even concider it as my favorite game but thenAxiom Vergecomes into my hands and now after playing it till the end I can say that it's almost Identical withSuper Metroidonly that this one here is made in 2015.It's like the Metroid Game we always wished for Nintendo to make.Thank You Tom for creating such a great game ♥"
,Recommended,332200,20756209,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Lord Nanika,"1. gameplay experience is awesome.2. game storyline is quite confusing (for me anyway).3. challenging: the hidden items are very2 hard to findoverall, this game is good."
,Recommended,332200,21841075,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Erzangel,"This is quite similar to the firsts Metroids, with a different level design.The ambience is wonderful, the story is cool too, and the musics really are magic.Some parts are hard tho, this can be a lil' painBut yeah overall it's really really cool, you'll enjoy it!"
,Recommended,332200,19342107,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Netherfiend,"Fantastic game that feels like a new Metroid game. Very fresh and good array of unique powerups and an interesting story. If you're a fan of Metroid or Metroidvania games, this game is one you cannot afford to miss. Took me about 10 hours on a fairly thorough first playthrough."
,Recommended,332200,22358532,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Tictacs,"So to state the obvious that this is a Metroid clone (and a really good one). This game plays out in such a way that you never really know or predict HOW the exploration will change or pan out. Which makes the first playthrough of Axiom Verge an absolutely delightful experience. You will get lost. You will git smert. Then you will progress.It's all tied together with an interesting story, satisfying exploration, cool weapons and a unique and alien world.The first playthrough of this game is pure Gold. Go into it blind and unspoiled."
76561198033376622,Recommended,332200,19889096,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Moose,"Here's the deal, you're reading this review because this looks like it'll play like Super Metroid and you want to know if it'll give you the same awesome gameplay experience.The answer is yes.Now buy it and be prepared to lose a weekend."
,Recommended,332200,21957333,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Captain Vittles,"A lot of people will classify this game as Metroidvania but it is a pure Metroid homage, but with a life and style and mythos all its own.  Anyone who loves this style of game or that kind of esthetic really should give this game a shot.  It's fun to play just for the hell of it, long enough to satisfy the explorer's itch but short enough to not overstay its welcome - this combines to give a fair bit of replay value.  Definitely worth playing multiple times for all the achievements, definitely worth trying challenges like low% or speedruns - definitely worth playing, period."
,Recommended,332200,24564855,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Bio,"One of the best and memorable games I've played recently. I love the style and atmosphere. The story is just enough interesting but not so much that it takes away from the gameplay.I love that the creator allows the player to explore and awards them  for doing so. The soundtrack is amazing, every song fit exactly with each area.I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys Metroid, exploration, or even H.R. Higher.10/10."
76561198019696234,Recommended,332200,24897551,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,marmalada180,A 2D platformer in the style of Metroid. Lots of backtracking and looking for secrets. The geometrical map in the game often makes this a bit challenging as it provides very little information. There was an update post-launch that improved it a bit but it is still flawed. But as a whole the game is still a good challenge on the harder difficulty and there are a few game modes (i.e. speedrun) that give the game some replayability. I would recommend the game to anyone who is a fan of retro games; also cause I only buy games I feel are worth investing time into.
76561198085878404,Recommended,332200,16682026,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,blemb,Why can't axiom verge crawl?
,Recommended,332200,16252037,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,[ZS] Ergo Delta,This is the metroid game I have longed for quite a while now...Amazing!Thank you.
,Recommended,332200,15854461,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,mishta_bean,"This is the game you would play if you ran out of metroid games to use.The bosses are grotesque, nasty and are covered with fire power, (so are some of the weaker opponents) what more do you want?"
,Recommended,332200,18730392,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,[TBR] AssaultPowerX,"TL;DR: Waited for a year until this game was released and instantly picked it up...... the week after it got released had that urge of exploration that i lost ever since i finished Metroid Prime 2Axiom Verge, made by only 1 guy: Tom Happ and holy crap Tom, some serious kudos to you for this amazing piece of art,before i go into the game itself here is a little backstory about myself: i LOVE the orignal 2D and 3D metroid and prime games, heck i even played a bucketload of Metroid Prime Hunters and i enjoyed playing Other M as well(sure it wasnt as good as Metroid Prime or Super Metroid but it its fair share of fun as well) my favorite being of course Super Metroid for its sense of exploration as well as Metroid Fusion for its amazing story and tension. i finished fusion so many times that i litterally broke the game, it wont save anymore. and the exploration is incredible as well as the amazing level design. but enough about Metroid, we are looking at Axiom Verge, while being similar is very different and takes a more original approach to its gameplay mechanicsyou play as Trace, a scientist who during an explosion ended up in an unkown world in an egg-like incubator without any recollection of what happend after the explosion, you have to explore the caves and ruins of the planet Sudra,the gameplay is simple yet incredibly engaging: it starts out like your standard metroid game, you need to explore the enviroment for new pieces of equipment to progress to other places, the first weapon you find is the Axiom Disruptor, the main mechanic that is mainly used in the game is the so called ""Glitch Gun"" a scan-like weapon were you can change  bits and parts of your enviroment so that you can glitch through walls, change enemies and sometimes even change the very fabric of reality.the level design is one of the weaker points of the game, like the original metroid for the NES you travel to various locations where each of its levels has its own design, but as you move deeper in one area you notice that the assets for the levels feel copy-pasted together and it can become a bit of a bore to look at at times(i had that once when i was stuck in the second area of the game)The Weapons are one of its strongest points together with the story, there is a HUGE amount of weapons that can be found and utilized in Sudra, and later in the game you see small corridors where trace is to big to walk to, so you think(when you played metroid a lot before) that there would be something like a morph ball, NOPE! instead you get a drone with its one health, damage and attack for small corridors or to scout ahead of areas which is not only very clever to make a safe route to your destination but is also pretty fun to attack with at times, but that is just an extra function for the Axiom Disruptor, the most broken weapon is the Flamethrower pretty much incinerating every-living-thing in your path.the sound design is also well made, the songs fits the enviroments and gives you the feeling of isolation yet, determined to push ahead to the dangers to come.but the most challening part of the games are the bosses, in metroid all the bosses are somewhat bigger to fit the levels they are made in, but they arent that huge, BUT in Axiom Verge the bosses are HUGE, and instead of just shooting what moves you actually have to plan carefully what you do agains them and where their weakpoints are and how you approach them.if you need another reason why you need to play the game, check out plenty of other reviews.have fun and game on!-AssaultPowerX"
,Recommended,332200,18668907,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Swami?,Played for six hours straight on first try. That hasn't happened in years. This is a perfect 10!
,Recommended,332200,19363996,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,d1az1non,For metroidvania lovers please heed my warning. Once you start this game you won't want to stop.Extremely rewarding gameplay for those of us who have followed the games it nods at respectfully (mainly metroid but castlevania too).The feeling of immersive environment aided by a brilliant soundtrack is reason to purchase alone.Probably my game of the year so far.
,Recommended,332200,20236071,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Whydoyoubark,"Axiom Verge is a great trip down the nostalgia lane for all ye metroidvania fans.PROS:+ huge world to explore+ game-altering tools and skills you acquire throughout the game+ the mind-blowing, indirectly told, story+ music(a double edged sword that one)CONS:- if you happen to get stuck in one of the areas, the muic might become a torture- easy to get lost and walk in circles- colour palettes in some arease will make your eyes bleedThis game proves that the metroidvania 8-bit subgenre is alive and kicking!Although personally I found AV to be an oustanding title, I think it's not for everyone.Strongly recommended for hardcore platformer fans and gamers with a weak spot for pixelated graphics, 8-bit soundtracks and a little touch of H. R. Giger's art.""DEMON, ATHETOS SAY, KILL."""
,Recommended,332200,19498421,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Manu,Looking for an old-school experience akin to Super Metroid and Castelvania? Then you should definitely check this game out! I absolutely love it!
76561198160272882,Recommended,332200,20188736,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Hornet,"One man project?!?WTFThis has the be the best game I've played since Super Metroid, and I'm 19 so screw nostalgia.GET IT QUICK"
,Recommended,332200,20125129,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,teacheЯ,"To me, metroidvanias present no nostalgic value, as in my childhood i played much more straightforward platformers. In fact, i've never actually played Metroid or Castlevania back then, so i've been introduced to the concept much later. I guess that proves that you don't have to be a hardcore Metroid fan to enjoy Axiom Verge.There are three things that i loved about this game. Initially i've been lured in by its visual style, and it did not disappoint me. The colossal Giger-esque Rusalki are simply gorgeous, and overall, Axiom Verge looks just right for a dark sci-fi adventure.The second thing is level design - you can really feel all the effort put into it. Every labirynth on Sudra is polished to the limit, which makes for a relly satisfying exprerience.Finally, there's challenge. On Hard difficulty setting it's just enough to keep you going on and on, trying to find a perfect strategy to defeat another boss, or to finally gain access to that secret area you've encountered earlier.My only minor complaint is that some of the weapons in the game are practically useless, since there's a lot of alternatives that are simply better. Other than that, it' really great. Go play it now."
76561197992499672,Recommended,332200,33213707,Posted: 3 July,all,HylianMetroid,"This game is an incredible blast of nostalgia. It's got the look and feel of Super Metroid with an equally great soundtrack, playstyle and the same kind of piece by piece storyline that makes you run through the labyrinth because you want to know more!!!"
76561198008580123,Recommended,332200,33291048,Posted: 5 July,all,PRAVEMI,"Axiom Verge... because I don't know a Metroid so good I'll say: ""Axiom Verge is like Commander Keer who met Giger, Metal Mutant and Biomaniac + added a lot of quite a good stuff.""Simply = 2D action game...with interesting story, weapons, abilities, level design and boss battles. I've really enjoyed this game... except one boss battle where I died for 12 times : )I am seeing only one bad thing about this game... sometimes you don't get immediately where should You go.But everything else is good in this game."
,Recommended,332200,29382175,Posted: 20 January,all,IRIZO en la LUNRADIO,"holy smokes I sure enjoyed this game, it's great. play it a lot if you can because it is really good. how to enjoy yourself, you ask? play this game, I say. it is so fun and I had many fun hours with it and I'm sure I will replay it some day and have even more extra quality fun!"
,Recommended,332200,18187630,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Wild Matsu (無法松),"This game is quite good. It tries very hard to be Super Metroid, andnearlysucceeds, and that's pretty good.Actually, it has this weird identity crisis where it can't decide whether it wants to be Super Metroid or not. Despite having a nearly identical atmosphere and basic gameplay structure, not one of the upgrades you get works the same way as any upgrade in any Metroid game, except for extreme basics like your first gun and health upgrades. Trace starts out controlling much the same as Samus does at the start of Super Metroid, but then the two diverge wildly in play style as they progress through their respective games. In that sense, it is refreshing, and that makes it feel less like a simple retread of Super Metroid.The game has many guns, but very few of them are useful. The handful of guns you are required to get by the plot are sufficient for most of the game, as ALL of your guns get more powerful when you find weapon upgrades. There is one secret gun that is absurdly overpowered and shreds the game's otherwise nearly-impossible final boss.The plot is entirely incomprehensible. If you just focus on Trace's character, and the way he copes with the bizarre situation he's in and matures, the story is all right. There's a very good scene in one area where Trace begins hallucinating, and the area becomes more nightmarish as you progress through it. But if you try to actually make sense of the game's backstory from the various scraps of documents you find, good ****ing luck. The game has two endings; neither is substantially different from the other, or makes any sense."
,Recommended,332200,18400297,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Bamberooni,One of the best games of the year.
76561198005606337,Recommended,332200,18531454,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,SR71Venom,"One of the best games i ever played!It is the masterpiece of the metroidvania genre, it has a great story, a variety of weapons, intense boss fights.Of course it has frustrating moments, especially if you're not familiarized with this type of game, you'll get stuck.Oh! And you get to play as a boss in a very confusing situation...10/10 Athethos say KILL!!!"
,Recommended,332200,18364418,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,FrozenFish37,"Graphics are awesome.Gameplay is awesome too.Music is also awesome.Quite frankly, this game is awesome.P.S.  Did get lost in what to do a few times, but the game was awesome enough to compensate.9/10"
,Recommended,332200,15982753,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Wally,IT'S LIKE METROIDONLY NOTIT'S COOLIF YOU LIKE THOSE KINDS OF GAMES YOU SHOULD BUY IT
76561197976115010,Recommended,332200,18138355,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,rglogowski,"If you played Metroid and/or Super Metroid and liked them, grab your controller and buy this game.  It's the perfect reincarnation of that old classic that kept me awake playing for countless hours."
,Recommended,332200,18510964,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Lajcik,"After only playing a few hours I can see that this is a great Metroid inspired platformer. And it doesn't just copy the ideas that made the older games so great, it builds upon them introducing a lot of cool original mechanics and ideas into the mix.Axiom Verge is a real treat for any Metroid fan and you should go play it, it's just that good. The level design is spot on, the controls are tight and the various little mechanics that you unlock along the way all feel unique and interesting. A lot of the unlocks also seem to fit into the theme and story very well. The story itself appears to be really interesting and cool. And finally the music is really good, although the sound effects themselves don't sit really well with me. They seem a bit too generic. It's easy to forgive that tho when everything else is so good.The only gripe I really have with Axiom Verge is the poor english localisation - I wish the developers would ask someone proficient in english to go through the text and correct it. Ugh."
76561197980030562,Recommended,332200,18109010,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,whonose55,"Axiom Verge is a fantasttic game that will appeal to anyone who is a fan of retro adventure platformers such as Metroid or Castlevania. Everything about it is well executed, the controls are flawless, the soundtrack is stellar, and the graphics are excellent. A must play game!!!"
76561198030776098,Recommended,332200,18437849,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,JF,"Fantastic game, but be prepared to be stuck once or twice.  The Super Metroid feel is there, and it's probably the closer you will get to relive your first time playing it, but the progression is not as smooth (but close enough).  Anyway, get it, play it, and enjoy the killer soundtrack: it's well worth your money."
76561198008218070,Recommended,332200,18464715,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,AbsurdToaster,"Great game, love the soundtrack. Definitely worth playing if you're a fan of Metroid."
76561198048827467,Recommended,332200,19210001,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Roast Goose,"A great 2D 8 bit platformer that isn't just some variation of Metroid.The weapons and abilities are quite creative.The graphics are proper 8 bit style. I.e.: the environments are well detailed with a limited framework, not minimalistic blocks that many indie devs use to hide their lack of effort."
76561198050248465,Recommended,332200,21707194,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Beltsi,"Axiom Verge is just what the doctor ordered; Fun, meaty scifi metroidvania. Gameplay is responsive and smooth and there are a lot of guns in the game. None of the guns are mandatory for different bosses etc. so instead of giving you new guns that makes the old ones obsolete as you progress, it gives you a lot of options to find your own playstyle.In the vein of old classics like Super Metroid, you explore a big map divided into several pieces. The game doesn't always tell you explicitly where to go so you're gonna have to do some exploring which is rewarding because you find different upgrades all over the maps.Driving the events of the game is a fascinating scifi story that takes some twists and turns just when you thought that you figured it all out. It left me wanting for more of this universe and it's characters.Music is very on point with 8-bit melodies mixed with cavernous, reverby bass drums with a little bit of glitch sounds sprinkled in to create a suitable, catchy alien aural landscape.The visuals pay homage to the games of old with 8-bit looking -yet- high resolution sprites. The bosses especially look impressive. Whereas Super Metroid took Samus to some really claustrophobic places, Axiom Verge's visuals have a more monolithic quality to them with big, cavernous rooms with giant ancient structures hanging around in the background. Combined with some of the more ambient tracks of the game, it makes for a very effective atmosphere.Thomas Happ has created a game that feels nostalgic yet modern and new, dressed it up with great level design and pacing, making it one of the best games of it's genre.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,332200,18151757,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Otem,"Very good game, I would recommend it for those who like this type of game."
76561197973631859,Recommended,332200,18450270,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Zoo,"This is easily one of the best Super Metroid tributes I have played. Fantastic 8-bit graphics, modern chip music, lots of power ups, and a variety of enemies. If I was going to be really picky, I'd day some of the powerups are a little mundane, and getting energy top ups is more random than in the Metroid games, but this is a must buy if you like SNES style platformers."
76561198011927750,Recommended,332200,18312712,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,4verse,"BEST metroidvania game for a LONG time!Buy it, play it, love it!Music is awesome as well - very immersive!Cannot wait for Axiom Verge 2!Good job, Mr. Happ!"
,Recommended,332200,18516601,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Taf79,"Its awesome, if you like Metroid or Metroidvanias you will love this!"
,Recommended,332200,19270532,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Jonkku,"Simply put, Axiom Verge is the first real 2D Metroid game to come out since the SNES."
76561198042071969,Recommended,332200,27580595,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Frooshbot,Awesome metriodvania game!
,Recommended,332200,28742532,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Jake,"Axiom Verge challenged, required me to see and use the game world in new ways. Reminded me a little bit of when I was a kid first learning to skateboard, and suddendly everything around me looked like something I wanted to skate on. The world in Axiom Verge has tricks across the map that I didn't realize were in front of me until after being granted the freedom to see them for what they are.. If I saw them.I have deep appreciation for Tom Hess, the one credited dev who designed and created such a complex experience, beautiful, good music and sound. I had fun, even when I was running circles completely stumped, admittedly frustrated, lost, hoping providence would grant me to see the next waypoint."
,Recommended,332200,28773312,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Alpha17x,Great game but keep in mind that it has original NES levels of difficulty. There's no hand holding so easy button kids need not apply. Get in and get good.Also it is fun.
,Recommended,332200,28927014,Posted: 1 January,all,thejobbitt,Not sure why I didn't buy this sooner.
76561198056731187,Recommended,332200,23737631,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Lonelancer7443,"This is the best Metroid game since Zero Mission, and thanks its the unique flavor, manages to completely blow away the expectation that it won't evoke the sweet, sweet feeling of being lost in a strange and well-crafted labyrinth of a world."
76561198009753220,Recommended,332200,27780611,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Plasma.Wolf,"I don't write reviews often and when I do they are short and sweet.This one deserves it. I love this game, it returns me to my childhood and along with that precious sense of nostalgia comes a curiosity of a brand new world that I'd have never imagined with an interesting storyline that left me wanting more.Thomas Happ has done a truly astounding job polishing this masterpiece and I want to thank him personally from the bottom of my heart for having made this game just so playable and fun. I feel like that is rare these days.From the first boss fight to the last I crapped my balls each time. I recommend this for anyone who loves a good metroidvania style game. You will not be disappointed!"
76561198069319022,Recommended,332200,28993985,Posted: 3 January,all,jeffovocuzidu,"As much as the feeling of playing another Metroidvania kept haunting me, 20 minutes in and BOOM! You know you're up to something great. Just finished it, and it was a great experience. Lots of weapons, tight controls, and even the story, which seemed to deal with many subjects at once, showed in the end how a work made with care and love for the genre can be a classic already."
76561198060938003,Recommended,332200,27760904,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mikha´el,A psychedelic version of the classic Super Metroid.
,Recommended,332200,28807674,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Wrathzog,Hey this is really good and fun.The setting is super rad.  The story is cool.There's a pretty good spread of weapons.  Mobility options are great and there's definitely a couple times where I figured out how I could do a thing (or combination of things) to get a thing and I felt really good about it afterwards.Graphics are very retro.  Music is fantastic.Default controls are passable but also customizable.Does not overstay its welcome.  Highly recommended.
76561197968487236,Recommended,332200,25376044,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,123,"The best Metroid... I mean Metroidvania game I have played in a long time!If you are a fan of the classic Metroid games and looking for something to fulfill that itch, then this is the game for you. Its been 30yrs since the original Metroid, and with Nintendo not seeming to want to appeal to fans and give them a proper game, I dont see how you can pass this one up.Its your classic 8-bit side scrolling style. Shoot first, ask questions later. Which you will by the way, the story is very good. Some people would say ""Its a little to chatty"", I would disagree, or say to you that everything is there for a reason and that forms the story that the developers are trying to tell.All of the weapons are very interesting, each one with its own unique abilities and altarnite fire. As you progress through the game and unlock more weapons and abilities you are able to backtrack and access areas that were previously cut off.I have to say also, the bosses in this game look amazing! The colore detail and art style of each boss looks awesome. So when you enter a boss fight, you really take the time to look them over and apriciate the hard work that went into designing this game.One final note: The music to this game is gold! I will review the soundtrack sepratly, but during the game play the sound and music come together perfectly."
76561198024381319,Recommended,332200,27011946,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,metaseru,"Axiom Verge borrows a lot from Super Metroid, but bring its own ideas to the genre. The art in the game is fantastic with retro and glitchy stylings. The gameplay is solid and is appropriately challenging without being too frustrating. I highly recommend this for any fans of the 2D metroid games of yore."
,Recommended,332200,17071477,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,LMOrchard,"One dude made this. Graphics, music, gameplay - everything. And it felt like playing Super Metroid for the first time again. That's amazing to me. And Super Metroid took a team of 15 to make. Granted, the tools are better today and the retro inspirations are obvious. But, there's enough originality here to make it a love letter to Metroid, rather than a boring clone. TL;DR: Totally worth your time & money."
76561197963692395,Recommended,332200,27922096,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Z.,"What a brilliant game.  Clearly an homage to Metroid/Super Metroid, but with more story (even more than Metroid Fusion). The upgrades are unique and with the plot line help to seperate Axiom from Metroid to make it stand on its own. Waiting for a sequal!"
76561198062312690,Recommended,332200,24121350,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,adzndime,"Incredible game. I bought this on sale but WOULD NOT have felt cheated if I had paid full price.Axiom verge is a game designed to be much like super metroid in the respect that it will have you backtracking to look for secrets and missed upgrades needed in order to progress.The character ""trace"" has some really cool weapons and abilities available to him (once you seek them out).The game has great immersion which I got sucked into from the get go.Edit: I recently completed Hard mode 100% items and map , had some major annoyances with controls concerning red coat dash and quick change weapons using xbox pad, but still love this game."
,Recommended,332200,20780191,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Mr402,It's the closest your going to get to Metroid until Nintendo get's their head out of their♥♥♥♥♥and gives us one.  Pick it up.
,Recommended,332200,33090967,Posted: 1 July,all,The Mayor,"Fantastic Metroid game, one of the best Metroid games we've had since Super. The plot is whatever with some mildly interesting story developments, but it's really the gameplay and atmosphere that make this game shine. Beautifully frustrating level designs that inspres you to do a lot of back tracking, finding new upgrades and weapons and just all around exploring every facet of this interesting, diverse world. The back tracking, like any game that apes old school gameplay like this, can be annoying and tedious at times, but overall it takes nothing away from the gameplay. Beautiful world, with some obvious Giger/Alien homages scattered around on top of the Metroid type design.Now I know I've mentioned Metroid 4 times now, but it's really impossible not to. This game is a Metroid game, despite some very mild gameplay differences and story, it's more than a homage, but I don't think it's a rip off, since this style Metroid is dead to Nintendo and really people are still asking for this time of gameplay, obviously. I think this is a great game, very fun with a great difficulty curve, the final boss was incredibly disapointing to me, but that's a mild issue.If you like old school games, if you like Metroid/Metroidvania games, if you like a good level of difficulty and enjoy supporting indepdent supporters, then buy and play this game. As a side note: this is also the kind of game I really would reccomend playing with a controller, as the keyboard controls are not great."
,Recommended,332200,19882623,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Gooby,"You remember the good old days of Metroid. Ah, the 2D games, like Fusion and Super Metroid. Now Nintendo stop making such classics, and are giving us 3D FPS Metroids. They are still quite fun, but do not give us the ""high"" the old ones did.Axiom Verge brings back that high, with backtracking, a lot of experimenting on guns, not to mention, over 10 different weapons to use. While this does not have the attention it deserves, unlike Undertale, which was recommended to me because I dearly enjoyed earthbound (I still do not see a similarity). This game has a great story, and has been in the works for 5 years, and was made by 1 person only. It was heavily inspired by the classic Metroid and has the retro graphics that make you feel like you are playing a SNES game. It has the amazing throwback music, no singing. Hell, it even has secret glitch rooms inspired by the negative levels in the original mario bros. This game is basically a very late SNES game. I sincerely hope Thomas Happ decides to make many more games like this in the future. One of the best games of 2015."
76561197991351795,Recommended,332200,27844171,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,TjMaelstrom,"The best Metroid style game available. Fascinating universe, compelling story, solid platforming with incredibly fun mechanics and great variety.Where this truly sets itself apart is the sense of discovery in Axiom Verge is satisfying. Everything you find means something. Totally nails the exploration aspect of this genre. Pick this up."
,Recommended,332200,20451841,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Nanj!,"Fairly competent Super Metroid rip-off, with the story premise from Another World, but not as good. It's OK...All of the artwork and mechanics are solid, but it's nothing new. It all comes across as painfully mediocre, despite the talent, time and effort that obviously went into the game. The inclusion of NES-style memory corruption is a nice touch. The music doesn't loop though and that is an unforgivable offence.If you want a game that's a lot like Super Metroid, then I would recommend Axiom Verge, but buy it on sale."
,Recommended,332200,20369449,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,SmellyCooter,Axiom Verge is probably one of the most refreshing retro style games I have played in a long time.
,Recommended,332200,17163554,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Azon,"Since Super Metroid, only two 2D Metroid games have come out: Zero Mission and Fusion.Fusion was a really spectacular and different take on the Metroid 'verse, but some thought it was too linear, and had too much dialogue.Zero Mission improved on Fusion's mechanics and is a better aging version of Metroid 1, but the rehashing of areas, while certainly nostalgic, did not bring much new to the series.Super Metroid itself, while not my favorite Metroid game, is the best 2D game ever and had a lot that was completely original as well as all those little nostalgic areas while still managing to keep things fresh every step of the way.Axiom Verge is a worthy successor.You start off extremely confused in a giant mechanical egg. All you remember is there being an explosion in the laser lab you were working in. A mysterious voice tells you that there is a gun in the next room. The way to the right is blocked by Norfair bubbles, so you go left. You grab the gun,  then everything lights up like Super Metroid and you're blasting your way through bubbles and zoomers all over again. You could mistake this game for the next Metroid if your  wasn't wearing a t-shirt.So you blast your way along and eventually find yourself in a room with a flying Mother Brain that calls YOU a demon.Later, you see what appear to be texture glitches.Everything begins to make sense eventually, don't get me wrong, but I won't spoil any more.Overall this game is spectacular. A new and innovative Metroidvania that has unusual solutions to problems, a new and sometimes surreal world, good combat, tight controls, and a decent plot.I am honestly giving this game a 10/10 because there is nothing wrong with it.It is a perfect and fresh Metroidvania.Now stop reading this and go buy it."
,Recommended,332200,15891486,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Karrs,"This is the Metroidvania game you've been looking for. After completing the game, I can say that there are a number of things I have enjoyed, making me recommend this to both fans of the genre and those who don't know about it:- Great controls- Many different weapons- Many different utility items (which adds for some innovative ways to explore)- Different game modes (Normal, Hard, and Speedrun)- Compelling story (In the form of both cutscenes as well as hidden lore within in the game)- TONS of secrets- Beautiful Pixel-art graphics- Beautifully crafted musicAgain, I would highly recommend this game to anyone, as it touches on the nostalgic game design of the Metroid franchise while at the same time being completely unique with a fresh story and solid gameplay. 10/10"
76561198001983842,Recommended,332200,15876740,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Orion,"A nearly perfect game. The only flaw -- and I really don't see any way around it -- is the fact that you have to backtrack a lot, but that's not so bad. The combat is tight, the difficulty is delicately tuned well, the sense of progress is outstanding, and there's always a feeling of accomplishment when you get a new item. The plot is really good, appropriately mysterious. It's got a LOT of really good ideas; would highly recommend."
76561198098124421,Recommended,332200,33082685,Posted: 1 July,all,Cyrus in Sync,"Rating: 9/10Pros:+Great Art Style+Great Sound Track+Plenty of Secrets to find+Metroid Style GameplayCons:-The story could be a little more tighter. (I tend to lose track of the story due to looking through every nook and cranny for secrets)Overall:If your are looking for a good platformer game that promotes metroid like gameplay, then this game is for you."
,Recommended,332200,27164513,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,virtuousheretic,"Do you like Metroid? Do you like pixel art that is actually GOOD? Do you like soundtracks that absolutely fit the setting and creatures around you?This is one of the those games that I saw the trailer and I knew I was going buy, love, and recommend. It hit the mark on everything save the storytelling, but considering the Dark Souls trend of 'telling by not telling' the game is just fitting the times.10/10 WILL play again"
,Recommended,332200,23874506,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,🌟 CrimsonCero,Difficult and amazing game.Reminds me of metroid
,Recommended,332200,16016062,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,King Vegeta,"This game is one of the best & most original Metroidvania games I've ever played & it deserves much more recognition than it's currently getting.PROS-Large Open World to Explore-Lots of Hidden Guns, Items & Areas-It's a top tier Metroid-Like game basically made by One person-Great Soundtrack-Great Artistic StyleCONS-Final Bossfight is kind of lame-Story is hard to understandSTORYYou play as Trace, a scientist who experienced some sort of tragic accident & awakens to find himself in some strange new world with a voice in his head.  The voice tells you to go get a gun in the next room & then tells you she's unable to communicate anymore due to her injuries which she needs to you help her with.  As you go on you find out you're infected with some sort of pathogen that wiped out all intelligent life on the planet you're on.  It's slowly eating away at your nervous system & will eventually kill you.  So, you need to not only save these mysterious machine beings but yourself as well.  The story does get deeper than just that but saying any more would be spoiling so I'll just end it there.FEATURESThe game starts out with you getting a gun & later getting various upgrades to help you on your journey.  These are mostly upgrades for your gun but they also give you some sweet looking attire like the Lab/Trench coats.  There's also health, damage & even projectile range & size upgrades hidden throughout the game. You eventually get more weapons that all have various uses like a big beam that takes up most of the screen, but deals very little damage to a laser that pierces through enemies.  There are so many weapon types in this game that it would take a small list to fill so I'll leave the rest to official guides or let you find them whilst you play.The game has the main story mode with two difficulties.  Normal & Hard.  I suggest anyone new to this game play on Normal as I tried Hard (which I usually do play hard difficulties) but I found it much too difficult.  The game is fairly difficult even on Normal so I recommend playing it on that setting for your first run.  There are several boss fights in this game & each boss has its own weak point which you'll need to find & hit using one of the weapons in your arsenal.  Some weapons are better suited for each boss but it's your choice of which to use.There's also a speed-run mode which I haven't tried yet so I won't comment on it.This game doesn't hold your hand as you play it either.  The voice in your head gives you a task but it doesn't tell you where to go so you're free to explore at your leisure.  That's a good thing, too because there is a ton of exploration in this game.GRAPHICSThe game looks very good & it's pixel art is fantastic.  There are some areas where you may need time to adjust because the foreground uses the same colors as the background so it can be hard at first to tell what's on screen.  Eventually you're eyes get used to it, mine did anyways.  Overall the graphics look very unique & the game does things I've never seen before in any classic pixel style art game.  You really need to see it to appreciate it.AUDIOThe music in this game is god-like.  Try to imagine some really techno-metal sound effects, atmospheric music & trippy sunni style vocals mixed all together in one.  That's pretty much the only way I can describe it but the end result is fantastic.  I can't really compare this game's music to anything else I've heard before.  You really have to hear it for yourself.GAMEPLAYThe game utilizes every button on today's standard controllers.  You may not be able to use a retro controller for this one.  Everything feels solid from jumping & shooting to dashing & grappling.  You may need to get used to the dash & grapple at first but after you figure it out you'll be grappling off the ceiling & dashing through enemies like a pro.OVERALLThis game is one of the better games I've played in recent memory.  It's on par with games like Shovel Knight, Freedom Planet & even Super Metroid for quality & originality.  It may even surpass those games as a whole due to how unique it really is.  If you like 2D Adventure games that have a lot of exploration definitely pick this one up.  It's worth every penny spent."
,Recommended,332200,16346058,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,mako,"An enjoyable metroidvania, what I really love about this game is the world it immerses you in. The aesthetic is a glorious effulgence of transhumanism, biopunk and simulationism. While I am hooked on the story, and I did feel compeled to suck every piece of information I could out of the text logs, it's been left rather open to interpretation by the time the credits roll. Questions remain unanswered. It's always very hard to know with these things, whether the answers the series will eventually provide in its sequels(And there better be sequels!) are going to be satisfying."
76561198153045246,Recommended,332200,25138137,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Beamng.mapper.Bob.Blunderton,"This is what's called a Metroidvania game, one of the finer ones in this category.If you enjoyed either of these nes games here:  Metroid, or Blaster Master (or Castlevania on NES), you'll enjoy this one.  8bit themed game, almost looks as if it could have come right off the NES or any of the similar 8bit systems, graphics music and all.  It can be unforgiving at times with a few of the bosses, but other than that, it's a pretty decently-balanced game.  It's nice because, if you're not strong enough, most times you can go back and get out of an area and power-up some more.  I have played through the game in full, and I definitely feel that if you're into 8bit or retro-style gaming, you'll enjoy this one and get your money's worth.So if you like Metroid, a game which this is most-like, do pick this one up.  It's not just a clone, it's rather innovative, as if Metroid had never existed, and this was created in it's place.Lots of weapon choices, health nodes to increase your total health, fragments of health nodes and weapon power ups to enhance exploration desires/reward.  Quite a bit of fun actually.Most people who could beat Super Metroid, would be able to beat this one.  If you find some of the bosses difficult, make sure you got all the power ups you may have missed.Super-secret areas abound, but nothing too difficult to find, though.  Exploration is quite rewarding as said earlier, but not tedious, usually.There are guides if you get stuck!A must-buy if you have a collection of retro games."
,Recommended,332200,15905932,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,alpercet,"A love letter that addresses the classic Metroid game. On top of that, the story is also confusing in a very positive way. You might find yourself between the note to find out the complete truth behind all actions."
,Recommended,332200,28728303,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,J++,"The spiritual successor of Super Metroid we all wanted- but this game goes beyond the Metroidvania genre. Fantastically constructed pacing which allows space to get lost and confused but never so much that things seem impossible. Story is intriguing and journals scattered throughout the world, sometimes in obscure locations, offer cool insights. There's a good degree of additional exploration for the last items and maps that makes playing beyond the end enjoyable. Music is great and the world subtly pulses with the beat. Graphics somewhere between a NES and gritty Mega Drive vibe, which is perfect - this game isn't emulating the Metroidvania genre so much as using it a base for something entirely new. Also, tons of weapons! Almost any weapon idea you can think of has been placed in there somewhere. Wow, what a fantastic game, really."
76561198008003059,Recommended,332200,16043110,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Hobojoe007,"If you are a Metroid fan like me and have been anxiously waiting on the next installment, look no further than Axiom Verge. Indie games come and go and many have had their fair stab at reviving the exploration based platforming of Metroid, but none have hit closer to the mark than Axiom Verge. Everything from the gameplay down to the atmosphere feel as close to Metroid as one can get without being a rip-off. If you enjoy isolation and exploration with an amazing soundtrack, this game is for you. It easily beats Cave Story as my favorite indie game, and it was created by a single person."
,Recommended,332200,33607321,Posted: 17 July,all,Shade,"THE STORY!!! THE STORY!!!! THIS GAME KNOWS HOW TO LEAVE QUESTIONS AND MAKE YOU WONDER!i mostly bought this game for being a metroidvania, but its so much better.the art style goes back to the classic and the music is amazing, but the power ups are unique and amzing to use and its just so fun to explore the woeird and messed up world your in as you try to just figure out why?i would recomend this only to certain people, but those people? IT WILL TAKE THEM OVER!!!"
76561198159194537,Recommended,332200,33509695,Posted: 13 July,all,1upjolt10,"All I can say is, wow.This game, while very controversial, is probably one of my favorite metroidvanias. It captures the feel of metroid perfectly, and even improves on some of the things I didn't like about other games in this genre. I'd say definitely pick this game up if you're a fan of this genre. Even if you're not a fan of metroidvanias, it's still a joy to play. Now, there are a couple issues I had with the game, so I'll go ahead and list a couple of pros and cons now:Pros:Tight and responsive controls(especially with a controller)A soundtrack that I found even better than Super Metroid'sA whole lot of weapons and upgradesPlenty of replayabilityA diverse group of enemies and bossesIt doesn't wear itself out with about a 10-15 hour experienceA beautiful art styleThe story's pretty goodCons:The ending had a lot of missed potentialUkhu variant(oh my god that boss was horribly unfun)The game randomly left full screen every now and then, although that's probably my computer's faultThe trench coat and red coat are a pain to use while in midairSome of the weapons are pretty useless"
,Recommended,332200,26912290,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zedar,Therapy for victims of Other M.
76561197970512270,Recommended,332200,29598831,Posted: 30 January,all,AAKURTZ,Axiom Verge   7/10Great game. Metroidvania done right in a self aware 8-bit way. Suffers from difficulty spikes and lack of direction at times. Overall one of the better games I've played in months.
,Recommended,332200,35270643,Posted: 28 September,all,abyssalsoul,"This is an awesome metroidvania game done very well. Storywise, it could be a bit better but the gameplay is solid (it even has speedrun mode!)."
76561197963635426,Recommended,332200,22263052,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Clunt,"+ Artwork, music, gameplay, story, nintendo nostalgia. Fkn epic!"
,Recommended,332200,23270016,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Neverbound,"A heartfelt homage to Super Metroid, with a superb chiptune score — and all done by one guy."
,Recommended,332200,23219887,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,The Unicorn Wizard,"Axiom Verge is fun metroidvania style game very very heavily influenced by the old 2d Metroid games. Fortunately it has a similar level of quality to them, Personally I didn't like the art style but the gameplay is great. There's a wide variety of guns to use and most of them are fun. The huge sprawling map is well designed and only certain parts of it feel tedious to navigate.Apart from finding your way around the large maze like world, the main appeal to these kinds of games is going back to a roadblock you found and using your new powerups to surpass it and solve the puzzles ahead and there's plenty of that in Axiom Verge.Overall the game is a lot of fun to play with a great sense of progression as you gain new techinques, find new weapons and explore every nook and cranny for more powerups. However I feel it is let down by lacklustre boss fights and a very disappointing ending preceeded by an unnecessarily tedious level. Still worth a play though."
,Recommended,332200,23238263,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Prince Duke Electorate,Amazing.
,Recommended,332200,24486344,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,cosmic cosplayer,"This game remined me off all my old memories playing games like metroid. There are alot of hidden items for you too find and alot of different weapons to use against the creatures in the game. I really liked the overall story as it has some great twists, and the graphics are very nice too. I learned that this game was made by one talented guy, very impressed with the game."
,Recommended,332200,19066510,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,raixel,"This is probably the greatest homage to Metroid Ive ever seen. Its just beautiful. Its a standard 2d Metroidvania with mazelike maps, areas you cant get to until you get certain powerups, backtracking, savepoints, many different interesting weapons and items. That all is pretty vanilla for the genre. The story is minimal (so far) but is interesting enough to make me want to keepo uncovering more of the plot. You are a scientist who was performing some kind of high-energy beam experiment when *dun dun dun* something went horribly wrong and the building you were in collapsed on your head. But instead of dying you got sucked into a world that looks like one of Geiger's fever dreams. You have no idea why you're here and you hear a voice in your head...What makes it beyond awesome is the atmosphere and music. Creepy biomech monsters and pulsing slimy organic-looking masses in the background seem like something right out of Aliens or Metroid, and a driving electronic musical score that perfectly matches the creepy bio-alien feel. Its Metroid if Metroid was done by an indie studio in 2015. Its pixel art, but very very well made pixel art with modern depth and DPI. The controls are fluid and very well executed which is always an absolute requirement in a game like this, and the controller mapping is fully customizable. If you f'd a jump or got hit,  its your fault, not the fault of the controls. That is a breath of fresh air in and of itself.Theres a whole other aspect of the game I haven't even experienced yet, something about ""glitches"". You encounter areas where the graphics are glitched out, and eventually you aquire a power that allows you to inteact with them. I cant wait to see what thats about!This is hands down one of the best Metroidvanias (emphasis on the Metroid) I've ever seen. Screw all those FPS Wii Metroids, *this* is the true sequel."
,Recommended,332200,31850800,Posted: 19 May,all,a smug dog,"It's like if Metroid, Super Metroid, and Contra had a three-way love child.Great gameplay (use a controller), great retro graphics, excellent soundtrack. Story is kinda meh but is secondary for this type of game.If you like Metroidvanias at all, try this game!"
,Recommended,332200,22190001,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Vola,"Come and get the Metroid fix that Nintendo refuses to give you!  It's got exploration, creepiness, isolation, and thrills for all."
76561198005620290,Recommended,332200,22033328,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,bayden_woodland,"Innovative yet oldschool, unique yet familiar, evocative, mysterious, beautiful. If you like Metroid, you will love Axiom Verge. I must say however that the bar of entry for the game is somewhat high, since you have to do a lot of backtracking and exploration, but that's just a part of what makes the game great."
76561197986760552,Recommended,332200,22119115,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Shockwave,"Hands down the single best Metroid style game I’ve played since Super Metroid itself.If you’re a fan of the genre I can’t recommend this enough. Great Run ‘n’ Gun platforming, exploration, item finding, secret hunting, an outstanding soundtrack and the story, while very short, I found to be original and interesting (which is saying a lot).-Playtime-Expect about 6-10 hours on your first play through, depending on how badly you get lost. Subsequent play throughs can be done in less than 3 hours once you know where you’re going.-Achievements-Most of the harder achievements are for completing the game in a different way such as hard mode, speed run, or zero deaths. I found these achievements to be appropriately challenging without being frustrating. The total playtime to get 100% for this game felt just right, it was all enjoyable without ever feeling like a grind.Recommended at full price."
76561198134487166,Recommended,332200,22033531,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,AR,Great game! Old school and very fun.
,Recommended,332200,22060556,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,ed2182,"After playing for a 30 plus hours, beating it multiple times and getting all the achievements available i have to say axiom verge is probably one of my favorite indie games ever. I'm a huge metroid fan and this game has that amazing super metroid like 2d feeling that we haven't felt in years. This just proves that if nintendo doesn't do it the fans will. Amazing work tom happ serious props for making such an amazing game all by yourself.Pros:Amazing explorationGreat gameplaySick as hell sound trackA million guns and great upgradeshighly replayableAwesome boss fightsCons:Honestly I can't think of one that would be extremely nit pickymany other reviewers have expresed that you get lost alot in the game and you can get stuck easily and i can see why they say that buy is that really a con? I mean I got lost a million times in super metroid before finding out where i had to go and no one complained about it it's part of any good exploration game.In the end this game is awesome and if your a metroidvania fan like me you owe it to yourself to play this game"
,Recommended,332200,22091424,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,The Bearded Cuban,The best love letter to Metroid I have ever played. 10/10 would backtrack again.
76561198014460274,Recommended,332200,22252328,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,The War on Giygas,The best Metroidvania game I've played since La Mulana. Thomas Happ has crafted the closest thing to Super Metroid we're likely to get; and that's a good thing.
,Recommended,332200,22016011,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Varrus,The best PC metroidvania game I've played.
76561198126975019,Not Recommended,332200,35509271,Posted: 5 October,all,wolfinston85,"I never really liked Super Metroid, never really got to play it when it came out, subsequently I never really gave a “chance” to other Metroid games for the same reason.Guess that’s why I don’t like Axiom Verge.I decided to give the game a second chance and actually try to finish it after the hour or so that I played in the past (a couple of months, maybe a couple of years ago) at the start, everything started “clicking” so to say, everything became comfortable, and enjoyable for me to play, the movement, the combat, the upgrades, even the complex, yet comprehensive traversal through a massive “maze-like” map.I even enjoyed the fact that the game instead of having checkpoints, had a series of save points formed by “capsules” in which the protagonist could rest and refill it’s health.This however didn’t last for more than a couple of hours until, maybe, halfway through the game things started becoming gradually more, and more tedious, and started being a bit more like what the early Super Metroid was like, and just like some of the “archaic” aspects of that game drew me far away from it, with Axiom Verge, they did the same.For starters, the game becomes incredibly difficult as you keep playing along, at the start it’s difficult, but fair, balanced so to say, playing at the easiest difficulty available (that being “normal”) the game keeps changing simple core mechanics of some enemies, whilst from time to time, introducing new, and unique type of enemies as well.Problem is eventually the game creates new and more difficult enemies that attack the player in the form of swarms that rush him (or her).In other cases the game simply doesn’t offer nearly as frequent save points, making the constant “act” of dying a chore, a tedious activity that will keep making you repeat a certain given sequence plenty of times.Then after a while the game simply becomes too “cryptic”, I had to look at plenty of guides while other times I just had to explore as much as possible, finding myself getting collectibles and upgrades, that really didn’t satisfy me in the least, given that I just wanted to keep progressing and discovering new areas.At times some of them are hidden in sections that are incredibly further away from where you are, it goes beyond just finding the right path, at times it’s simply tedious to get to a particular area only to have to backtrack to the next.With that being said, I think the main reason as to why people enjoy the game so much it’s specifically for the same reasons I dislike it, the game in itself it’s not bad, considering it was made by such a small team, it’s an incredible achievement.But for me it was simply just such a jarring, frustrating, and tedious experience to play through, the more and more I progressed the more, and more it seemed to me as if the game was trying it’s hardest to become more difficult, and complex, up to a point where I simply didn’t have the will to continue playing it anymore, if I wasn’t such an obsessive, neurotic, I probably wouldn’t have finish it.Some of the elements of it are fine, some of them are excellent, the music is great, nothing to special, to me at the very least, either way, it’s all relative.The aesthetic it’s incredibly unique, dare I say, even beautiful at time, although quite a bit bizarre.It retains a massive amount of individuality nonetheless.It’s a game that wanted to clearly pay an homage, or even be a direct sequel to the way not only Super Metroid was at the time, but also to the way videogames were at the time.There’s secrets, upgrades, and heart put in here, I love it because of that, but sadly it also brings back a lot of the worse things, that I’ve come to dislike over the years about gaming as a medium from that time.I guess if people have gotten this far into the “review” or the “critique” or whatever the hell this is…Some of them might be asking, “Well what did you expect?”And honestly, I think I expected a game that understood what was “good” from gaming before, brought it back, and mixed it up with some of the elements that current games have, and if not, at the very least a game that brought back what was good, even if it was through the idealization of whatever it was, while at the same time, it detracted a lot of the more frustrating, and tedious elements from the games it was trying to emulate, and if not, be inspired by.Its a nice game, just not for everyone, a very niche type of game, I don’t regret it’s creation, I love the fact that other people enjoy it.It’s just certainly not the game for me."
,Recommended,332200,15897791,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Commander Saxon,"Axiom Verge is Metroid at its core. The story is different, the weapons are different.But you jump around, exploring areas with funny names on an alien planet, fighting hordes of enemies, and bosses that are waaaay bigger than  you.For something made by one person, and their vision. It's pretty damn amazing.Axiom Verge does, what Nintendon't (Or haven't done in a god damn while).I'm not going to give a score, because I don't think games can be label good or bad with a single number.I will say that this game IS amazing, and hits a lot of the right notes for me.Given there are a few things I don't quite like/agree with design-wise. Though this should be taken as a way to make the game better.Pros:- Amazing visuals, things look pretty... well, there are some ugly things, but that's intentional!- Interesting story (I wanted to know more and more about where I was and what was going on).- Tight controls, walking and jumping around feels good and responsive.- Rewards gaming instincts.- JUSTIN-BAILEY- Tutorials through experimentation/gameplay.- Music is great and fits the setting. Elements of the HUD, and cutscenes are in time with the music. I love this stuff!- I want more of it.- Characters are well rounded, and have emotions. One of the ""Good"" characters even kills you at one point out of anger.- Moral ambiguity, makes for interesting story, and thought provoking situations.- Many hidden secrets, but much like Metroid, they can be in stupid places. Though I found 70% of items my first time.- Lots of weapons, all act differently. I found a use for most of them at least once, but I stuck with the main weapon.- Cool toys! You get a bloody corruptor, you can glitch out enemies and make them do weird stuff!- Not too much backtracking, not until you're tricked out with all the fancy toys, making it easy to get around.Cons:- The Final Boss is a bit... Hard. Could just be me, but it's way too hectic. And was pretty much ""Shoot the thing and win"".- I would have liked to see the final boss actually use some of the tools and tricks you picked up.- The ""Invalid"" hit noise, that Metroid had too, is freaking loud, and can play over the top of itself!- Some areas, mainly the first and second one, kind of blended together for me.- I want more of it.- Kinda open/underwhelming ending, this could be for a sequel though. Which I would be interested it."
,Recommended,332200,15942794,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Zet,"If Contra and Metroid had a kid, they named it... um... Controid I guess.  Or Metra. If I was Contra and my kid was Axiom Verge, I'd suspect my spouse to have slept with someone else, maybe Dark Seed.I observed Axiom Verge's development (by only Tom Happ) for quite some time and was looking forward to its release. I cried a little when I heard, it'd be a timed exclusive for PS4, however it's all okay again, since it was just one month. And what I got completely satisfied my thirst for a next ""true"" metroidvania.While games like Guacamelee! or Strider (2014) are great and fun in their own regard, the metroidvania feel gets lost when they show you where you have to go on your map. In Axiom Verge, there's no such hand holding (at least not that I was aware of). You get put in a maze and have to figure out on your own how to get through it. I backtracked wrong a couple of times, but that's more fine by me, as this defines what metroidvanias should be about - to be beaten by your own urge of exploration. And when you didn't (and I didn't...) set the markers, the game generously give you, you'll be there for some time to explore.It took me little more than 10 hours to complete the game, if don't explore every inch, like me, and sometimes pointlessly backtrack, you can finish it in about 8. For me, this is a perfect duration. In fact, I expected the game to last about three to five hours, like, say, Insanely Twisted Shadow Planet, so I was pleasantly surprised when I hadn't reached the ending at all after five.The game feels even more amazing, when I think about that it was developed by just one person. Also, this ensures that the whole game experience is a lot rounder, however it doesn't come without at least SOME downsides. I thought, that some controls (I mean you, double tapping! And you, grappling hook.) felt a bit unintuitive. The music, while providing an excellent atmosphere to the game, was looped a bit cheap in the areas, that might have been better.Otherwise Axiom Verge brings an amazing experience to every lover of the metroidvania subgenre or frightening, HR Giger like artstyle or, preferably, both.Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,332200,15923068,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,awp,"Axiom Verge is game that features an ""address disruptor"" that causes various elements of the game to glitch out and behave in unexpected ways as one of its central mechanics, and it still can't even manage to be glitchier than an Early Access/Ubisoft game.I owe this game a review/thumbs up. I followed development for 2 years prior to release. Being a long time fan of Super Metroid, I wanted something that was as good as Super Metroid. I gave Axiom Verge a lofty set of expectations, and it exceeded almost all of them. But to keep things short and concise, my personal takeaway:Pros:The world isverywell-designed. The way pathways connect in both expected and unexpected ways, and the means by which the layout of blocks guides/teaches you is superbThe story - some may not be a fan of it, and it can be a bit hard to grasp, but I found it both different and intriguing. It's not limited to dialog/journal pages, but more subtle world elements as wellUpgrades - they start out fairly boring, almost a carbon copy of what's been done before (weapons, high-jump, etc) but eventually become bizarre and unique, allowing the player to glitch through walls and suchControls - Movement mechanics in particular become a lot of fun once you get all the mandatory upgradesScope - The game is a good size; large enough to sink several hours on your first playthrough, but small enough to complete in a sitting once you've mastered itSecrets - There are a lot of them, including an entireavenueof secrets I didn't even know about in my first playthrough. Some are very devious to findConsSecrets - They manage to be both pros and cons, because while a lot of them are clever, a lot are equally esoteric and almost frustratingNote taking - you're able to mark ""reminders"" on the map, but those reminders are just ""1"" and ""2"" - having a means to note ""come back when I can jump higher"" or ""glitch wall I can't open yet"" would serve the player much better. This issue bugged me in SotN, and it's not any better here.Weapon balance - There are a bunch of unique and interesting weapons - and most of them are useless gimmicks. The Axiom, the Kilver, the Flamethrower and the lightning gun/piercer are about the only weapons you'll ever use when dealing with day to day combatThe Climax - not strictly the ""ending"" or the ""final boss"", but the entire lead-up to the finale felt weak compared to the rest of the game. There was a lot of build-up, and the final area just didn't live up to the rest of itIn short: the weapon balance is terrible, the climax was disappointing, and in spite of that Axiom Verge is pretty much guaranteed to be my game of 2015 and one of the best platformers I've played in the last 20 years, if not the best thing since Super Metroid.And since everyone seems to like talking about price: Axiom Verge isabsolutelyworth the $20 price tag for anyone who likes games in the vein of Super Metroid."
,Recommended,332200,28176952,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,"mess with Chen, get the horns","Spoiler Warning: Axiom Verge is good, but ultimately not that great. The developer was amazing in how he was able to get all of it done himself, but it shows, and brings down the game.Positives:The way new mechanics of the ""glitching"" and drone are what really make Axiom Verge unique, and a welcome improvement on Metroid-like mechanics. The weapons have a good variety of behaviors.The art has a distinct style to it, which is understandable from only one developer worked on this.The universe has a lot of room for development and I would love to see more.Negatives:The world does not flow in a very organic or progressive way. The areas have little sense of connection, and although one or two weapons are useful for opening areas, this quickly goes out the window. The game plays a lot closer to Metroid II (the very linear Gameboy version) compared to a newer Metroidvania game, for most of the game. Only at the end where one is getting the last few skills or items do you need more than what was immediately made available or have to go to a previous part of the map to advance the game.The world is very tight, which is the most important aspect of what the game does poorly. It's all action all the time, with very little of the map being relevant story-wise, and very little of the story coming out in the gameplay or environment. Never during play did I think ""I really like this room/level"" because it was beautiful or the way it fit the moment. Additionally, there's usually only a few new enemies per area or less, and these will be what you see in that area. After a while the game gets into re-coloring a few enemies, which is a little jarring because they're seemingly only used for some obnoxious difficulty in certain locations/battles.The story at first was very interesting, but it doesn't get developed beyond an absolute minimum required to make the game go through a handful of plot points. There's also some glaring plotholes, like somehow you're in a computer environment (hacking and glitching) but also on an alien planet, and in a decayed civilization, and it just doesn't come together. Only at the very end does the final location mostly make sense given the plot. The lack of coherency between the world, story, and gameplay is the biggest problem with Axiom Verge.The controls could've used a little work. The grapple mechanic is hilariously bad. I was really surprised at how poorly it controls given the author borrowing so heavily from Metroid. The grapple is pretty quickly superceded so it's not that bad, but it stands out the most. The weapon quick-select is also confusing, and the weirdness of how it behaves disrupts the combat considering how many guns you can get. The controller seems to have some deadzone (maybe 15%) but the lack of the option can make dashing and menu controls difficult with analog joysticks.On the guns, there's not much of a difference between them in practice. Most enemies move too erratically to be fought by some weapons, and a number of the guns have pitiful range or pitiful damage, both of which gets you killed. Eventually you get upgrades for both range and damage, but this just makes the ""useful"" guns even better. Combat is pretty boring too, with enemies never being stunnable or blockable, having no weapon-specific behavior, etc, so it just comes down to spamming enough bullets. Many of the later enemies just dive right at you with near-unavoidable hits. The glitching helps make this more interesting, but late-game you end up just taking damage if you want to glitch (it takes time and might only slow them down), or take damage if you run straight in, so there's not much of a benefit.On the art, most of the art time went seems like it went into the backgrounds, and not enough on enemies. The world has have plenty of art, which could've been used in more rooms, and even something like rotating tiles would stretched out the existing art. More enemies! What I would've given for just more space with more enemies. All the enemies even have only a few frames of animation, so it's not like more would've been that problematic. The art itself is more of a NES/GBC feel than SNES/GBA, and the visual crowding in a lot of places detracts from the detail and what could've been a simplicity of art.Late game-item hunting is a pain, because some items are hid behind foreground and you can't tell where anything is. Games used to get around this by having some hint-mechanic (noises, x-ray), and it's annoying Axiom Verge didn't inherit that.Overall:For a game from a single developer, Axiom Verge is amazing. It brings some new mechanics to the table for other platformers to play with and take hints from. While the gameplay shines, the story and feeling of the game suffer immensely. I would absolutely only recommend it if you really really like the basic mechanics of Metroidvania games, because mechanics are all it does well."
,Recommended,332200,28381902,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,DyingJedi,Metroidvania what can i say! love it!!!!!! Highly recommend it! Enjoy Hi5 all Metroid fan folks out there!
76561198095885736,Recommended,332200,32886164,Posted: 27 June,all,Kool Kendall,"Worth $10,I would print out map so you will save some time though."
,Recommended,332200,20243678,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,<AWC-C> triple1tribe,
,Recommended,332200,20018657,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Jiggsaw,"JUSTIN-BAILEY code for spandex Trace costumePretty solid metroidvania, a bit short on the story but still great on its own right."
,Recommended,332200,17423501,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,basementdigital,"Contra + Super Metroid + Another World = delicious.Beautiful artwork, interesting story and solid gameplay; all to be found within first few minutes.That being said, I was hoping for a little more polish at the $20 price level. The UI is a little clunky, some sound effects don't fit the atmosphere and the music is a bit muddy or unmastered.When comparing to other retro/modern games such as Shovel Knight, I'd say that $10-15 would be a more reasonable price point.If you've already gobbled up all the other platformers that Steam has to offer, grab this one! If not, put it on your wishlist and wait for a sale."
,Recommended,332200,25846183,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Betelgroose,The new metroid game that we'll never get
76561198012546852,Recommended,332200,33259871,Posted: 4 July,all,Nocturn,"Axiom Verge falls slightly short of being a masterpiece.First off, the game has amazing retro graphics, a stellar soundtrack and, most importantly, the level desing is pure genius. Seriously, it’s simply beautiful. When exploring the game for the first time or playing a casual run, you can - aside from very few exceptions - swiftly navigate the levels while also safely dispose of your enemies without taking damage, by utilizing proper player placement and shooting angles. At the same time, it lends itself very well for speedrunning, making it possible to blast through levels without stopping, by combining deliberate damage, precise evasive jumps and well-placed shots.Unfortunately, like so many other great games, the developer doesn’t seem to be willing to listen to the community to turn a really good game into an outstanding one. Here are some of the shortcomings that I wish would be addressed:Boss patterns could be better. They don't necessarily have to become harder or more diverse, but the bosses shouldn't be as static as they are. Being able to circumvent the patterns, by killing bosses from behind while they keep shooting in the other direction, destoys the challenge and makes speedruns less exciting.Weapon selection is horrible. I don’t actually mind the amount of weapons there are in the game, because it gives the casual players freedom to choose whatever they can handle best. However, selecting weapons from a weapon ring by mapping the positions in the circle to the analog stick angle is just bad. On top of that, the positions change every time you gain a new weapon, which makes for a very inconsistent and sloppy weapon selection, especially when speedrunning. Additionally, speedrunners using a controller have no practical way to switch weapons on the fly without having to confirm the popup or losing time by assigning certain weapons to the two quick select slots (which is too few anyway). I’d like to see an option to assign specific weapons to controller inputs.Grapple mechanic is clunky. A more refined mechanic would make it less useless and open up alternate speedrunning routes, especially in 100% runs.Double tapping is annoying. Messing up a personal best because the game decided to register a double tap, while you are in the process of slightly adjusting your jump path, is aggrevating. A modifier key would’ve made more sense, in my opinion.Respawn animation is way too long. It should be the same animation that is used for saving. The whole panning down the room and the player crouching before slowly standing up sequence is okay for when you start a new game, but not on every death.Dialog is terrible. I don’t care much for the story in games, but when a game opts to unfold the story during gameplay via cutscenes or dialog boxes, I expect it to at least not be annoying. The developer did an outstanding job overall, but he should've left the writing to someone else. Half way though the game I just couldn’t take it anymore and started skipping all the dialog.Speedrun mode should have a menu option to respawn at the last checkpoint without having to go to the title menu. Hell, even a two second press on the menu button with an additional confirmation box would be better. Also, the “game saved” dialog box needs to be removed from this mode.It would be nice to have a speedrun training mode with features that make it easier to practice certain areas and with ghost support, to be able to compare different routes without having to use third party tools.Anyway, this is one of the very few true metroidvania games, paying homage to its roots without feeling like a clone. I’ll give it a solid 9."
76561198035018019,Recommended,332200,16402304,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,A_Gulper_Eel,"Its feel a lot like super metroid with less boss and a more active story.  I wish there would be more boss, but the game is still very good."
76561198002162017,Recommended,332200,16463092,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,MaroK,"For someone who had a PC during the primetime of Metroid games and never played any of them, Axiom Verge is the game which helps you travel back in time and enjoy this genre at its best in the modern days. It's obviously not aimed for players who are looking for graphics and super new detailed effects, but from my own experience this always comes at the cost of gameplay and fun. And this is where Axiom Verge excels.Took me 15 hours to beat the game with 97 deaths, 71 % map revealed and 60 % items. Yes I am kinda new to this genre and I am lame :-) This being said, I had a great time and fun. BUT the backtravelling and countless hours of just looking where you might go, what you have missed might be frustrating for someone. Some places where so unintuitive, that after a few hours I just used a guide at some parts because I value my time more than the joy of the moment when you find out where to go. Oooooh , so this is iiit .... umm okay ?The sound and the music is another superb aspect of the game which I enjoyed very much, but the thing is that during my 2nd gameplay I found it kinda repetetive and maybe even annoying. Not every song is good, so I ended up using my own music in the background.Played on a keyboaard since my old Gamepad is not supporter because of the lack of the circular buttons. I have only the D-pad. Steam big picture mode doesnt let you save your controller settings which btw carries over to the game, unless you bind every button.Is this game good ? Yes it is, definitely.Is this game perfect ? No, it isn't. It has it's flaws like everything in this world. I am yet to play a perfect game or meet a perfect human :-)Is this game worth it ? Yes it is, but probably not at full price. I bought it here on steam for 17.99. I cant say I regret it, I just cant recommend it for this amount of money.But know also this... the replayability in this game is huge if you like speedrunning. For the rest, one or two playthroughs will be enough."
,Recommended,332200,19860665,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Croy,Thomas Happ made a cool game.
76561198056321274,Recommended,332200,33857863,Posted: 28 July,all,no step on snek,"If you loved Super Metroid, you'll love this game, if you haven't played Super Metroid, go play Super Metroid."
76561198048756879,Recommended,332200,33443364,Posted: 10 July,all,Uncle Sam,5/5 Clearly one of the best metroidvania titles I have played in years.
76561198027295310,Recommended,332200,29995672,Posted: 17 February,all,dimiav,"this game is perfect. I can't understand how one man made it but its a pure masterpiece.people who afraid that its Metroid copy. I can assure you its not. it is clearly inspired by. but its original enough with great story line, perfect gameplay and gunius level design.people who loved Metroid will love Axiom Verge."
,Recommended,332200,25814232,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Rox,"If you played and enjoyed the good old Metroid series this game is for you.Really nice progression, lots of cool items and a creative story line.Its crazy that one dude made this game."
,Recommended,332200,21291467,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Aviona,More or less the exact game I've been wanting Nintendo to make for years now.
76561198005400406,Recommended,332200,25770907,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Agent,"The Metroid series may be dead, but its spirit lives on, and nowhere is that spirit stronger than in Axiom Verge. It has just the right amount of that familiar Metroid feel while also bringing plenty of new stuff to the table.First, though, I want to get the handful of negatives I have out of the way. Personally, I didn't like the fact that the 'glitch dash' is activated by double-tapping the d-pad - I found myself activating it by accident quite frequently. While the game has an impressive amount of weapon variety, most of the weapons are not very useful - on my last playthrough where I acquired every single sub-weapon, I found that I only really used 4 or 5 out of the 20 or so in the game.Those are minor nitpicks, however. If you love Metroidvania style games, Axiom Verge is absolutely a game you should try. It's got great level design, fun powerups, great boss battles, tight controls, and is just overall an incredibly tight package."
,Recommended,332200,24505935,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,* AdmiralPenguin,"Finally, a new Metroid."
76561197980172663,Recommended,332200,24016133,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,silver.slade,"This game is awesome!If you love pixels, 8 bit soundtracks, Turrican, SuperMetroid YOU HAVE TO BUY THIS GAME !This game is made by one person, and this guy is a great!pro:- wonderful retro sensations- original and amazing soundtrack- if you remember SuperMetroid then you'll love this game- complete joypad support- multilanguage translationscons:- if you hate pixels games (or old retro style) maybe you should choose another gameMy Vote is 9.5/10"
,Recommended,332200,25616946,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Mr. Two Million Dollars,Super Metroid except better in pretty much every aspect. Doesn't feel obligated to just lift mechanics and power-ups from Metroid.
76561198044114033,Recommended,332200,28617286,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,PawncakesNrofls,sexy
76561198104158965,Recommended,332200,28629744,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Fishing Guru,"Obviously have not played enough of it yet to say so will keep it short, but god damn it feels like a modern Super Metroid. If you like that type of game buy it, if you enjoy platformers then you owe it to yourself to at least try it."
76561198011806848,Recommended,332200,23276554,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Aadeptus,really awesome metroid like game with great music..
,Recommended,332200,23304607,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Al Forno [Olive Garden],"Borrowing heavily from the Metroid formula, this game does a wonderful job rekindling the wonder of adventuring in an unknown world.  The game feels great to play and a provides the player with a diverse set of obstacles, enemies, and puzzles to overcome.  It also features an impressive number of weapons, and secrets aplenty to discover!If you have fond memories of Super Metriod and would like nothing more to re-experience that kind of gameplay, you couldn't do better than Axiom Verge."
,Recommended,332200,34192890,Posted: 12 August,all,Professor Sars,"A fantastic nod to the 2D Metroid games but retro gaming in general without feeling like just lame fanservice. The worldbuilding and atmosphere in this game is top notch--even better than some of the 2D Metroid games. The controls are great and have the perfect combination of simplicity and complexity to keep things interesting. The story is complex without becoming nonsensical/esoteric and gets you thinking about violence/pacifism, fate/choice, reality/falsehood.There's a reason the user reviews for this game are overwhelmingly positive."
76561197995653268,Recommended,332200,24719524,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,ImMobile,Words can not express how long true Metroid/Blaster Master/Rygar/Bionic Comando/Castlevania etc.. fans have waited for a game like this.I just finished with 96% of the map and 86% of the items.Finally a game made based on taking you on an adventure instead of making some stupid company a buttload of cash.Thomas Happ you are a genius. Sorry about your dog.10000000/10
,Not Recommended,332200,31777842,Posted: 15 May,all,Siris,"I'm playing through this game now wondering if it's ever going to get good.. so far just seems like a poorly planned Metroid copy, but then again I am comparing it to Super Metroid.. and we all know how awesome that game is, hard to craft at that level.. especially one person, impressive they got pretty close - the differences in this game are pretty cool on their own, but they aren't gelling into anything that's really fun.Does this game get better as you go through? Or does it always seem like a repetitive, kinda boring, poorly planned Metroid game?"
76561198006650802,Recommended,332200,28612209,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Hunter Este,"This is the closest thing we will ever get to another true metroid game since nintendo has apparently abandonded the franchise.Great music, nostalig visuals, tight controls and gameplay. Bravo."
,Recommended,332200,31284781,Posted: 21 April,all,antimime,"I don't normally write reviews, but this game is fantastic. It really is a modern Metroid with fun, challenging (but not absurdly difficult) gameplay. The only real negative here is that there were times where it was possible to get ""lost"" and not know where you were supposed to go next (with no real way of figuring it out except to blindly explore).  This is good and bad on some level, I suppose, but some semblance of a hinting system might have been nice. (I know, I could've looked up a walkthrough, but having something in game to help direct the gameplay is preferable to looking up spoilers on the internet.)  All in all, though, absolutely terrific game."
,Recommended,332200,15835158,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Darxim,"If you liked the old 2D Metroid games, you'll like this.  Wait at least a few days before getting it, though.  There are some game-stopping bugs, and the dev's patching them as fast as he can.  Once those are fixed, it'll be an incredible game.  I'm putting a Yes for my recommendation since I doubt those bugs are long for this world.Some people actually complained about the graphics, but they're supposed to look that way.  That's the chosen art-style.  It's not cheaping out.  We like it.  Retro-styled graphics are somewhat popular these days."
,Recommended,332200,25486259,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Valencia_Assiana,"If you enjoyed the original Metroid you should DEFINITELY get this game. Beautiful art, great story, and lots of fun upgrades. Great game!!"
,Recommended,332200,15853867,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,☜★☞ Mechanoid,"Amazing game with a real goodretro feeling.i loved the Metroid games when i was younger, and this game comes so incredibly close to that feeling.Great sounds and smooth gameplay with a fun story and superb ability/weapon upgrades.Keep up the great work on this.Would buy again 9/10"
,Recommended,332200,26984457,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Warxa,The Metroid game Nintendo refuses to make.
76561198019820523,Not Recommended,332200,29258619,Posted: 14 January,all,justin.j.willcox,"This is a nearly great homage to the early games of the genre, crippled by a lack of insight into traversal mechanics, and a tedious combat ramp.Explorers will be frustrated by the joyless hikes involved between corners of the map, as you hunt for inobvious ways forward.Platformers will be saddened by the general lack of maturity in the jumping, as you never get a double jump. Vertical traversals involve awkward, rapid fire use of directional double taps and transformations. Grappling is reminiscent of Bionic Commando in a bad way. Attempting to jump while swinging causes an instant dead-stop plummet.Action gamers will contend with an embarassment of weapons, leading to far too much Mega Man. Unless you memorize the right weapon or ability for each enemy, you will find combat a grind.I've played dozens of metroidvanias, often for hundreds of hours. This one could have been great, but got too full of itself.  It reneges on the promises of the genre. Item completion is not possible based on in-game cues - you must create external cipher keys and decode hidden details. Often, you must use abilities never modeled elsewhere in the game. This sounds interesting, but is not fun. You can't win just by playing - you must work at it.I waited years to savor this, and the ashes of its failures are bitter in my mouth. This would not irk me if it were not so very, very close to being great. If the teleport dashes were directional and triggered by a secondary button, that alone would fix it. If the grappling had a suitable range and better collision, that woudl help. If the secrets were anchored to in-game unlocks rather than translation hijinx, that would be nice. Instead, it's just a twisty plot with a stiff engine, and poorly clustered level design. There is a reason modern titles have standardized on a hub transit model, or provided movement enhancements.The game is well made, but poorly thought out. I can't recommend it due to frustration level and a slightly high difficulty curve on Normal. Instead, consider Shadow Complex, a more fitting homage to Super Metroid. Other good options would include the new Strider, Aquaria or Song of the Deep."
76561198012023582,Recommended,332200,22766323,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,lewrker,Amazing.
,Recommended,332200,28264979,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Leonhard Euler,"A blatant super metroid ripoff in all the right ways.If I had a complaint, it would be the obscurity of certain hidden items,especially one that doesn't count toward the map screen's completion indicators"
,Recommended,332200,15834574,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,lorddead123,"Awesome game, metroidvanian but no stealing from it...assisting it."
,Recommended,332200,15831817,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Rawrquaza,♥♥♥♥ing yes. Buy this when it isn't on sale.my first hour of play:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DIzDvLpe7FM
,Recommended,332200,15834835,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Vigorous Jazz Hands,"Pretty damn great, but unfortunately isn't able to quite live up to the quality of it's source material in terms of design, although it could never really have hoped to. Still well worth the purchase though."
76561198191949926,Recommended,332200,15829689,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,AntiqueLookingGlass,I looove this game! I am a big fan of detailed sci-fi designs and this game is it!
,Not Recommended,332200,29053060,Posted: 5 January,all,JerechoNC,"Its a hard game, but that doesnt magically make it good. It has a solid foundation but youll be left feeling directionless and dying a LOT of cheap deaths. unavoidable damage is everywhere.I grew up with an snes and though the visuals are reminicent of the era, the game play isnt. this is the only ""overwhelmingly positive"" game on steam that i cant recommend, unless you really like walking in circles."
76561198030218526,Recommended,332200,15827982,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Mechalo,For any Metroidvania fan this is a must buy!
,Recommended,332200,21031061,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,GordonVanDyke,I love this game so far. Enough to safely reccomend it. It takes me back to the NES days with modern touches that make this game oh so sweet. If you love Metroid this game is a 1000% must buy! Hopefully the DEV makes a follow-up and goes SNES looks and calls it Super Axiom Verge. ;D
,Recommended,332200,16037376,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Basqui™,whaaaaaaaaaat?
,Recommended,332200,21199491,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,arbor day,"Picture, if you can, a world in which the original Metroid, Dark Souls and general anxiety are actual living game cartridges that can get it on.Now picture a love motel that is a literal Nintendo Entertainment System, which they check into.While they are doing the sex, tilt the cartridges so they start glitching out.Ladies and gentlemen, that's Axiom Verge.Having a gun that glitches the game is such a great idea. Why'd it take this long for a developer to actually make something like that a central mechanic of the game?Make these space wasp nests shoot out health instead of wasps. Make these worms break walls so you can get secrets. Turn these annoying flying guys into platforms.Then glitch yourself through walls, floors, and the ceiling with your magic coat."
,Recommended,332200,28742301,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,☆S l e n d e r l o l i☆,"Metroid, but designed by H. R. Giger."
76561198000507762,Recommended,332200,21881940,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Professor Probability,"One of my favorite games of all time, amongst the plethora of fantastic and inventive games that have surfaced over the last 30 years, is Metroid Fusion for the GBA. It had a fantastic story, superb controls, the extensive length and repla ability associated with the Metroid series, and some of the most suspenseful and immersive music that I have ever heard from interactive media.Axiom verge reminds me of this game in all of the best ways. It has a fantastic soundtrack, a lengthy hour count for being such a small game (took me 11 hours to complete the story mode at ~60% item collection), and visuals that match the old Metroid games perfectly. This is undoubtedly a game for the sake of nostalgia, bringing back the feel and attraction of old Metroid games while adding an entirely unique world and story. It is extremely difficult to believe that so much variety and creativity came from one developer, who managed to create what I must call a masterpiece.That being said, there are a few issues I would point out to both the developer and to those who have an interest in playing this game:- It is extremely challenging, but not always in the best ways: Most of the bosses and enemies are creative, unique, and require some problem solving to defeat that make each new area a pleasure to find. However, some enemies (heavy turrets and a boss you will recognize when you fight it) are simply infuriating, as their patterns make them nearly impossible to skirt or stun using even the best end-game weapons. However, a bit of patience and well-placed fleeing can mitigate this issue.- There are so...many...guns: This game involves an  upgrade system common to the Metroid series, in which new items unlock new areas by adding some new form of movement that allows the player to access new parts of the map that they passed earlier in past areas. Included amongst these upgrades are a plethora of different weapon types that can be equipped at any time once they are found. However, there are ~30 different weapons, which means that any normal player finds 4 that they like and never use any of the others. This could be interpreted as a positive aspect of the game, adding a large selection to the player, but I prefer a smaller selection of weapons that are individually more useful. This makes the weapon selection much more akin to the tool selection from any LoZ game.- No instruction or direction whatsoever: Again, this could be interpreted as a positive aspect of the game, forcing the player to search for their objective rather than being pointed in a particular direction and being told to fetch. However, I have found that a small amount of instruction (what you should be doing and a general idea of where to do it) is preferable to no instruction at all, simply because it removes the 1 1/2 hours devoted to backtracking to find that one door that you can open now. In an attempt to help prospective players without directly spoiling anything, I would recommend that players assume that the tools they are given are capable of doing more than what they say, and that no two tools perform exactly the same task (IE some tools may be useful for doing things other than what their explicit instruction text says in-game).These are my main concerns with the game, but otherwise I found it extremely enjoyable and unique. I would highly recommend this game to anyone that enjoys old 8-bit metroid-vania games and unique science-fiction."
,Recommended,332200,19347284,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Mostly Harmless,"Metroid, but...not."
,Recommended,332200,32786393,Posted: 25 June,all,UnknownBeef,"One of the best Metroidvanias I've played, apart from Ori and the Blind Forest."
,Recommended,332200,28550262,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,turms,pretty good game so far
,Recommended,332200,28568499,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,deanheaphy,good game
76561198025031120,Recommended,332200,20279272,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,RayzorDragon,Was totally blown away by the reveal that Trance was...a man.
,Recommended,332200,17871469,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all, - Kinetik Silence - ,Truly a great nostalgic experience. Axiom Verge is Bits back with a bite.
,Recommended,332200,24810883,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Nintendooh,"Finished this game a few weeks ago and really enjoyed it.+ Really, really great music+ Good Metroidvania design+ Sweet pixel graphics- No real reason to use the different weapons- The story was uninteresting- Some annoying bossesWell designed game which I recommend. It's hard to belive only one guy made the entire game.(I played the PS4 version)"
76561198081100401,Recommended,332200,29287576,Posted: 15 January,all,hes.not.a.robot,GOOD
,Recommended,332200,26549493,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Y'ttam Naols,"Axiom Verge is the masterpiece of an individual who deeply loved Metroid and Castlevania. Retro game play is the calling card of AV, and the game play is spot on, with responsive controls and imaginative weapons. The intentional 'glitches' and classic pixel stylings harken back to the late 80's (16-bit era) when there was actually still a use for an imagination whilst playing video games. 2D platforming at its best, with lots of hidden areas, and nods to the original game (upon whose magnificent shoulders this giant stands) make this a wonderful gem of a game, with a price tag which won't blister your wallet! Axiom Verge is not perfect, for sure. Drilling straight down is a bit of a chore, but with so many motion options, there must come some compromise. I've only got about 4 hours (or so) of game play under my belt, so I won't even begin to try to write a complete review; for now, I'll say that I am very pleased with Axiom Verge as a whole, and look forward to many more hours of fun at the helm of this retro ship!!"
,Recommended,332200,28478130,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Dibble,Better than most Metroid GamesNot even Meming
76561198012027144,Recommended,332200,31653344,Posted: 9 May,all,Darkronis,"This is one of the best super metroid clone games ever, the only way to beat nostalgia is to be better than it!"
,Recommended,332200,31657831,Posted: 9 May,all,-BulkyPigeon-,"This game is amazing. The story is one of those well pieced together journal entry driven things, and your jaw will drop multiple times. The gameplay is smooth. The graphics are very well done, the level design is brilliant, and you don't ever feel lost. That being said, there are a few really frustrating rooms and enemies. The music fits well and is ambient for the most part. The sound design is pretty darn spot on, but a nitpick would be when you hit an invincible enemy with a multihit weapon it makes a loud irritating noise. The bosses weren't the strong point of this game for me, there were a few good ones, but the rest are either too easy or super frustrating.All in all despite its flaws, it's still a damn good game. 8/10"
,Recommended,332200,29645250,Posted: 2 February,all,Chesterville's Gh👻st,This game is really good like Super Metroid
,Recommended,332200,27919807,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SomeOtherPerson,"Finally, a metriodvania game that doesn't disappoint.It was fun and challenging plus worked great with a PS3 controller using ScpToolkit."
,Recommended,332200,28689168,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Vento Uivante,Best spiritual sucessor to Super Metroid I've ever played. And it's far more than just a clone.
76561198038027462,Recommended,332200,34239928,Posted: 14 August,all,Atano,"My first completed Metroidvania game. It's a genre I'm really afraid of because I hate backtracking, but I have to say that Axiom Verge exceeded my expectations. I experienced nearly no downtime and the backtracking never felt pointless. The music is awesome and get you pumped up, enhancing the experience. The abilities feel great to use and unlocking new paths is very satisfying (maybe too many weapons mod so you're a bit overwhelemed but still). The story is a bit hard to follow sometimes and the only way to get a grasp of the full situation requires you to be a completionist, but it really is a great story if you like having to figure it out yourself using the clues that you can find. The old school art didn't resonate with me and I had a hard time visualizing this world being a planet, but it's a matter of taste and I would say it shouldn't be your main decision point.Overall, it was a great and worth it experience that convinced me to try more Metroidvania games."
76561198095485637,Recommended,332200,17303462,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,jaX,Great game
76561198031248083,Recommended,332200,33109435,Posted: 1 July,all,Culius Jaesar,"Simply put, this game is wonderful. The pixel graphics harken back to games like Metroid and Castlevania, and are really well done. The score is enjoyable. The gameplay is great, and the puzzles aren't too easy, neither are they too hard. The world of this game is unique, and the story is engaging. I really enjoyed my time with Axiom Verge, and I would recommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,332200,26224804,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Gyasto,"Axiom Verge is  a mertoidvania style game developed soley by Tom Happ.-large variety of weapons, most of them optional, all function differently and are better depending on the enemy-hip edgy retro 16 bit visuals-convolted but still intersting story-8-10 hours first playthrough; will likely take around 20 for full completion-lots of secrets and lore to discover-great bosses except for the final which felt a bit underwhelming-great ost-better than other m9/10"
76561198140836912,Recommended,332200,20617188,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Marshallangelo,A solid  METROIDvania9/10
,Recommended,332200,19406690,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,⭐ZXund,I put aside Destiny and Halo 5 for this game
,Recommended,332200,19563607,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,gunsage,This is by far the toughest Metroid ever.
,Recommended,332200,19564891,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Harry Manchover,The best Metroid in years. Tom Happ is a genius.
,Recommended,332200,20344145,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Nanomashoes,What if Metroid was a boy?
,Recommended,332200,33562767,Posted: 15 July,all,yuki,"Great gameplay, many different weapons, original items and lots of secrets! This is good metroidvania! Too bad the artistic direction isn't more inspired though: the hero is generic and lack charisma, and the game globally lacks a truely unique identity."
76561198109696162,Recommended,332200,22772677,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Ash_Gibb,Genius.
76561197995457994,Recommended,332200,31698741,Posted: 12 May,all,chasing_squirrel,Axiom Verge > Metroidthe soundtrack is godlike.gameplay is amazing.10/10
76561198058434785,Recommended,332200,25831882,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Aale,"I only wish there was more, best metroidvania I've played since Super Metroid. The soundtrack is amazing as well, 10/10."
,Recommended,332200,25804687,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,maister_Pernat,"That one metroid-esque game is what you call a hidden (or, better, not very well known) gemhighly recommended to everyone."
,Recommended,332200,25769761,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,PrinceBreezy,"So you've played metroidvanias? If metroid is your cute blonde ex girlfriend, Axiom Verge is her edgy younger sister, who actually got all the hotness in the family, and loves metal who you revenge-♥♥♥♥ on the regular to get back at your ex, and little sister knows your revenge-♥♥♥♥ing her and she likes it.Play this game."
,Recommended,332200,28848034,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Olaffff,"Take a shot every time someone mentions the word ""Metroid"" on their review.you like metroid? then you like this game, no doubt. i know i do."
,Recommended,332200,34020047,Posted: 4 August,all,Insistent,"I'm not very familiar with the genre, but I can say that it is worth playing. Good gameplay and ambiance overall."
,Recommended,332200,18594045,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,"Console.Write(""Amac1990\n"");",This game has good game mechanics. It's about 13 hours of gameplay if you try to find secrets. I do not usually play games a second time over unless if their in my top favorites of all time(very few games make this) which this game is not but either way it is a good game. My favorite things about this game is the map design and artwork.
,Recommended,332200,31671860,Posted: 10 May,all,123,"This game captured the same joy and eagerness to explore as Metroid when I was a kid. To top it off, the atmosphere, music, and lore are outstanding. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,332200,15835686,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Crvnch,"Heavily inspired by Super Metroid and friends, but that's not a bad thing at all. It only gets weirder (and more awesome) from there."
,Recommended,332200,22141295,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,DodoCommando,Great metroid like game with it's own interesting story. Fun abilities and challenging secrets.
,Recommended,332200,22154199,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Spinney,"Wow.Since playing Super Metroid a few years ago, nothing has come close to satisfying my urge to play a good metroidvania title, until now.Controls are tight, motion is fluid, art style is fantastic, soundtrack is great, and gameplay is amazing.While it's not without flaws (mediocre rewards and some bad design issues), Axiom verge is a labor of love, and one that Tom Happ gave us to enjoy.Hope you all enter the breach :)"
76561197983902651,Recommended,332200,24425821,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,pessimisticgamer,love the creepy feel to this game.
,Recommended,332200,25780759,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Did you mean Dopaje,Metroid is an Axiom verge clone.
,Recommended,332200,27657158,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,super vincetendo,"I SAW METROIDVANIA IN THE TAGS, THEN I BOUGHT THIS GAMEAND IT WAS WORTH IT"
,Recommended,332200,23266450,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,hotscorn,One of the best games of our time. Must buy for any fan of the metroidvania genre.
,Recommended,332200,16472060,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Lavama,"Holy mother of cow. I do take some big breaks, but when I get back to playing holy crap. It's insane! Wish I knew how to write reviews better, but definitely a game to grab on sale. If you're a big enough Metroid fan, and disappointed in E3 and need a dose of new Metroid ASAP, this is your game. More than likely worth the $20."
,Recommended,332200,19918664,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Foehamner,"On the surface, Axiom Verge is your standart Metroidvania (heavy on the metroid, light on the vania): you platform around beating bosses and unlocking new capablites to get to new areas, repeat.  What makes Axiom Verge stand out is several things:1. a very creating and interesting world (not going into details to avoid spoilers)2. great feeling controls: smooth jumping, not hitbox shenanigans, and fairly easy aiming3. OPTIONS!  So much of the game is optional, it really rewards exploration.To expound on point 3, it is common in games of this genre for the player to spend a lot of time retracing their steps trying to find the way to progress the story forwards.  Axiom Verge is no exception here but it is less irrirating because you will frequently stumble across a new weapon, health upgrade, or extra story element.Axiom Verge is an outstanding example that future games of this genre will be compared against.  My playthrough here:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLL5JEFvVpx9qJGzqh6vlbQfvdIs-SlO5W"
,Not Recommended,332200,25717954,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,dad,"After being on a Metroid kick for a while, I decided to heed Justin Roiland's advice to get this game. But after beating two bosses, i still wasnt as engaged in the game as i was in the Metroid 2D games. The environments are frankly kinda boring and the dialogue is pretty hokey. Its not by any means a bad game, but if you are interested in getting this game play Metroid Fusion, Super Metroid, or Metroid Zero Mission instead. This game isnt engaging enough to warrant such a high difficulty. Could just be personal bias, but the Metroid games do what Axiom Verge tries to do so, so much better"
76561198046866700,Recommended,332200,23914769,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Satan the Turtlegod,It's like if Metroid took a shot of H.R.Giger while tripping on NES game glitches.
,Recommended,332200,23971578,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Evilbobbins,"Classic metroidvania style, good pace and nice array of weapons and pick ups"
76561198037419968,Recommended,332200,15832123,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Insertcoins,Excellent
,Recommended,332200,15831110,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Simulacrat,"Creepy lo-fi Giger aesthetic... Check.Metroid style exploration and upgrades...CheckBrilliant sound design...CheckChallenging and rewarding combat and glitch mechanics...CheckSeriously, just buy it already."
,Recommended,332200,15833747,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Al Djeafnte,"I can unequivocally recommend this game.This is, without contest, one of the best metroidvania's that I have played in recent years.It's not perfect, but it hit's all the right notes.The bosses start off strong and kind of go down hill, and the secret finding is kind of clumsy brute force at times, but this game will not disappoint.If this guy puts out more games, IGA will be given a run for his money in making Bloodstained a return to form.  Granted, this is more Metroid than Castelvania, but it's good."
,Not Recommended,332200,31767451,Posted: 15 May,all,jemann75,"This game just rubbed me up the wrong way. It's playable, and I'm enough of a completionist that I had to finish it, but the controls, the music, and the overall aesthetic annoyed me."
,Recommended,332200,31021789,Posted: 8 April,all,TheEggyMan,I'd have sex with this game if it was a person
76561198054214794,Recommended,332200,15835742,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,tpe4ever,"Neat game so far, terrible music.  Music so bad it gives me an instant headache.  Music so bad I turned if off so I could give the review a thumbs up.  If not prepared to turn the music off or play other music while you play, be prepared for possible disappointment regarding the music.TL/DR  Game good, music BAD!"
91346706501435897,Recommended,332200,30710336,Posted: 24 March,all,ARES^ war,Amazing game.
76561197993268038,Recommended,332200,25376868,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Thanatos,Best Super Metroid since Super Metroid.
76561197978483876,Recommended,332200,31672800,Posted: 10 May,all,Pheonick,"Love the look and feel of this game, and the soundtrack is great. Strongly recommended to any Metroid fans."
,Recommended,332200,25919205,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,DarkVexon,"Axiom Verge is a work of art. The superb way every attack forces you to calculate attacks perfectly, the many varied guns with hunderds of unique designs, everything comes together to make what is certainly the greatest indie game, bullet hell game, and metroidvania of 2015."
76561197998361566,Recommended,332200,15833955,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,AtomicSamurai,buy it now!!!!!
,Recommended,332200,15833935,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,veryfoodverygood,Everything about this game is masterfully done.  It's like Christmas come early!
76561198002518834,Recommended,332200,15833939,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Rigamortu,"Great game, glad it came to steam as I do not own a PS4.  The couple of reviews knocking the stability of the game need to be ignored, it is not the game, I have nearly 9 hours in and not a single issue with coding / bugs / crashes / stability.  They need to upgrade some computer parts or something....."
,Recommended,332200,23844885,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,solaris32,"This is the best metroid-like game since Super Metroid. You start out weak with no abilities. As you progress you pick up health, damage increasers, projectile size and distance increasers, unique weapons, and of course various abilities. Unlike Metroid weapons don't do anything except let you kill enemies; you open up new paths purely with your abilities.Abilities include a drone that lets you get through those tiny places because Trace can't crawl for some reason (it's ok because the drone is sweet). A drill that lets you break blocks to find hidden areas. Coats that let you ""glitch"" through walls. A glitch gun that changes the properties of enemies, making them easier to kill and sometimes becoming the key to solve a puzzle and getting a powerup. And more!There's over a dozen weapons in the game, all with unique ways to kill enemies. The only problem is some weapons are clearly superior, and others are so bad you'll never use them.The enemies are fairly unique, and satisfyingly explode into little pixels when you destroy them. The bosses are also challenging and fun. You almost never feel like the game is cheating, but instead that you just haven't figured out a good strategy.The sound effects and especially music are top notch.The world is large with many secrets. There are even Secret Worlds you can find that give you extra powerups. The game will likely take you 10-12 hours to beat on your first playthrough. There's also a hard mode and a speedrun mode to add more playability and challenge.I do have a couple complaints though. The story is very confusing. Even after beating the game and reading all the notes I'm still not sure what was going on. It's ok though because a game like this the story isn't important. My last complaint is that powerup locations don't appear on your map. In all 2d Metroid games with a map, there's a circle on a map section to show there's an item there, and it becomes a dot when you find it. No such thing here. But there is a yellow dot in the upper right if you've found all items for that map, and a purple dot if you've uncovered all parts of that map.If you love the Metroid games you are all but guaranteed to love this game too. Buy it, you won't regret it!"
76561198087175815,Recommended,332200,28581751,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,inthelitterbox,"Really cool, great soundtrack, and intresting story!"
76561198001788291,Recommended,332200,33187007,Posted: 3 July,all,Neins,The final boss fight is awesome.
76561198010790287,Recommended,332200,16103337,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Wayward Stranger,"I don't review many things, and I really don't like to pay full price for games, I wait for sales most times. This game is worth every penny of any price steam has it for. If you liked Metroid/Bionic Commando/Castlevania/Megaman, play this game. It has an amazing environment, a solid engine and a throwback feel that is reminiscent of so many classic amazing games."
,Recommended,332200,16125406,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Reinveil von Megabee,"Had Metroid been developed for the Turbografx-16, it likely would have looked an awful lot like Axiom Verge.  I honestly can't think of higher praise than that.  An astonishing and inspiring achievement for Mr. Happ."
,Recommended,332200,31286978,Posted: 21 April,all,Fox McCloud,"Everything about this game was everything that I would have expected out of a 2D Metroid type game. Everything was great: the environments, the upgrades, the bosses were challenging, exploring was fun though there are a few things I disliked personally, such as not being able to really see which blocks were drillable unless they were put in a place that was blatantly obvious that the blocks were drillable but that's fine. There is a very major flaw in the game and that is the very final area of the game leading up to the final boss. Up to that point in the game it depending on your skill on getting through areas. This is not the case for the final area where it suddenly shifts to a test of endurance and patience, each death sending you straight to the bottom of a long vertical climb filled with persistantly annoying enemies placed there to ensure maximum aggravation. Other than that, it's a fine game. Pick it up during a sale if this game interests you."
76561198009314023,Recommended,332200,25297231,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,CHRONIC_THEORY,"Metroid, but with a lot of it's own personality and identity. Top to bottom a very polished experience."
,Recommended,332200,25759225,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,NEZUMI,"Beautifully executed, great game!"
,Recommended,332200,25819597,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Cid,The comparisons to super metroid are justified - nuff said
76561198188510687,Recommended,332200,25830919,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Peecker77,This has got to be one of my favorite games.  It brings me back to my days as a child when i would play games like metriod prime on my gameboy advanced.  Even though it brings backa lot of nostalgia it also creates new ones with the skills sets like transporting through walls and the variance in weapons.  All in all it brings back old memories and creates new ones at the same time.
,Recommended,332200,31767645,Posted: 15 May,all,Omabear,"This is a great gamebut...I ♥♥♥♥ing hate it.Axiom Verge starts off great. A science experiment goes wrong and you wash ashore in a strange new world. Jump around, shoot baddies, discover secret areas. It's fun.But it's all downhill from there.Item hunting becomes a tedious chore and the game begins to punish you for not discovering every little secret, and most of this occurs in the level with most annoying BS indian chanting music. You really want to print that garbage on a vinyl? No thanks.The last two or three areas are frustrating as it requires you to make use of your teleport ability, which just so happens to be bound to the movement keys. It's so sensitive in fact, that I often found myself teleporting when I didn't want to, throwing myself into enemies or falling back down from an annoying climb only to throw my controller down in disgust and angrily rip patches of my hair out. The foes in the final levels are impossible. Most of them even glitched out, got hung up on the level, and teleported through solid walls, which discourages any legitimate face-offing. They shoot faster than you can jerk off and kill you in three to four smackeroos, bringing you all the way back to a checkpoint. I believe Vaas had a word for this. Oh yeah, insanity.However! Axiom Verge does not hold your little Trump hands across the finish line. You'll feel like♥♥♥♥♥♥when you play, but also incredibly accomplished when you wiggle your way through that tough spot or spit on a boss's boots.The story is weird and cryptic with some unexpected twists. The levels are varied and grotesque, and always feel fresh when you discover a new one. They snap together like a pile of lincoln logs and the game encourages backtracking as you nab new items and abilities, giving you access to previously unreachable areas.In conclusion, Axiom Verge fits together in an oddly frustrating way.Papa Bear gives this game:11/10 honey jars on the objective scale4/10 honey jars on the personal scaleI am now bald.Thanks Axiom Verge"
,Recommended,332200,16581506,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,shinmai　◃▷　²🇫🇷🇺🇳🇰₂🇩🇺🇨🇰,"One of the best Metroidvania games I've ever played. The story is good, bosses are well designed and there's a lot to explore. The graphics are a really cool mix of 16-bit era pixel graphics and modern effect. The music is also excellent.Very hard not to recommend, unless you absolutely hate action platformers, you should definitely play Axiom Verge.There's also a ton of optional pick-ups and a very well done speedrun-mode."
76561197971146222,Recommended,332200,15891693,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,[V-M] Ziegfried,Quite nice Metroidvania game.
76561198032137750,Recommended,332200,28895517,Posted: 1 January,all,onizuka81,One word: Axiom Verge is a great game ! ! !
76561198010585860,Recommended,332200,15929925,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,SomeUnregPunk,It reminds me of Iji from Remar games.It is a metroidvania type game that actually lives up to being a metroid-like game.I played using the keyboard. I had no troubles with the controls.
76561198026700243,Recommended,332200,24071911,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,haozertree,"Got this game over the weekend and spent the whole weekend playing it.  If you like the 2D Metroid series this is bigger and better in just about everyway.  Awesome gameplay, awesome music, awesome story.  After finishing the game you can even go on youtube and find some guy talking about this game's multiverse theory for like 20 minutes."
,Recommended,332200,20153246,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,nuFF3 ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"Well, it took me 19 hours, but I 100% the game. 100% weapons, items, and the map... If you feel like playing a fun game, with alot to offer, you cant go wrong with Axiom Verge.I would recommend playing with a controller, playing on a keyboard can be fiddly at times."
,Recommended,332200,32651394,Posted: 22 June,all,Kay,Just really good O_O
76561198003937996,Recommended,332200,32721813,Posted: 24 June,all,Nudgey,"Extremely fun game, especially if you are going away and just have a laptop, play on hard for best experience."
,Recommended,332200,30933784,Posted: 3 April,all,Snowshoe,"Solid game with some interesting mechanics, but the combat leaves a lot to be desired and the game's ending is its weakest point. Overall a solid experience, but probably not worth the full $20 unless you really scrape these sorts of games to unlock all the secrets or think you'll get into trying to speedrun it (which the game goes out of its way to encourage).Overall a very competent metroid clone that manages to put its own unique spin on the genre."
76561198054519435,Recommended,332200,24090586,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,drdouglasdark,"If you are a fan of metroidvania games then this is a must!The Artist who made this is Tom Happ and he got a lot of awards and nods from the industry for this and rightfully so!I Didn't expect it to be as big as it is because it was just one mans project, but it clearly was a labour of love cos it's fantastic!  Lots of roaming and exploring, great soundtrack, some origional concepts and massive cheesey Bosses!The controls are spot on and the buttons can easily be reassigned.10/10"
,Recommended,332200,24987030,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,[TTS] Sasori of the Red Sand,A wonderful tribute to games such as Super Metroid and Castevania: Symphony of Night. Probably one of the best games ive played in years and definitely up there on my favorite games of all time.
,Recommended,332200,22529262,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,respawn,YES
76561198129759320,Recommended,332200,33256554,Posted: 4 July,all,Mr Son,Axiom verge is a fun and challenging metroidvania that i would recommend
,Recommended,332200,15932611,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Tim 'YM' Johnson,"Would never have normally looked into this genre of game but having sat down to try it on a PS4 at REZZED I knew from those 3-4 minutes that it'd be one I'd buy.Amazing soundtrackLovingly crafted graphics (with some really nice authentic feeling glitch effects, some of the best)Tight controlsVaried enemies and varied weapons16 hours to finish and there were still a few things I had left uninvestigated.Although not for me, the presence of a SpeedRun mode that removes dialogue scenes, adds a timer and removes all random elements is a really nice touch.Highly recommended"
,Recommended,332200,15848756,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,ParallaxScroll,"it's like they made another metroid for nes. game owns, real good soundtrack too"
76561198005048429,Recommended,332200,20272676,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Hag1,I dont need to say anything about this gae. Just get it and enjoy.
,Recommended,332200,28905664,Posted: 1 January,all,davotron2084,"Do you like the original NES Metroid Game? How about Super Metroid for the SNES?You do, huh?Then you're going to LOVE this game!"
,Recommended,332200,19714288,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,BOT Arcady,"Absolutely worths its price. If you like cavestory, you will like this."
,Recommended,332200,16073682,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,NJim,"A great 'Metroidvania' title, although the -vania isn't really accurate. Clearly inspired by Metroid (particularly Metroid 1 and Super Metroid) with a creepy very alien feeling world to explore. Lots of new weapons and abilities to find, a lot of hidden pickups, and a lot of weird looking enemies.Manages to perfectly hit that feeling of 'Oh man, now I can go do THAT thing that I couldn't before!' whenever you find a new item.Decent running time, I clocked in 12 hours to finish it on my first playthrough (without 100% completion). Will keep you occupied, but also is clearly designed to make speedrunning/sequence breaking possible.The ability you get fairly early on that allows you to digitally 'corrupt' enemies and parts of the environments to have different effects is really great and something I havn't seen before.If I were to give criticism it would be that the boss fights, while visually impressive, are mostly pushovers. Also, there are a LOT of weapons, but several of them are not really worth using outside of very specific situations, and others aren't worth using at all.Oh also, the soundtrack is fantastic.Would thoroughly recommend it."
76561197979024091,Recommended,332200,23698678,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Cock-Eyed Joe,"Yes, yes, yes. All of this in my face."
,Recommended,332200,16556210,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Happy,It's like Mario Kart but better.
,Recommended,332200,30104235,Posted: 22 February,all,archdeco,Is there any way to beat the final boss without just cheezing it?Also if you're going to copy Metroid this brazenly then have multiple ending rewards plzI like that you play as Dr. Octopus
,Recommended,332200,19100022,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Masaki,what a glitchy mess
76561198041995956,Recommended,332200,20279897,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,bahamut66,"If you are looking for one of the best Metroidvania games on Steam, look no further.Axiom Verge is a masterpiece.  While not without flaws, it is something special and amazing.  The two areas the game excels most at would be graphics and gameplay.  The graphics are different from your usual Metroidvania fair.  The world the game is set in looks distinctly alien and gives off an uneasy, almost nightmarish vibe.  Couple this with a very strong aesthetic.  The entire world looks like something out of H.R. Giger's nightmares and adds to the unsettling feel, while being both beautiful and impressive at the same time.  The game also does some amazing things with the graphical style, not only having Ninja Gaiden style cut scenes, but also some truly inspired moments of horror.Gameplay wise, it uses some underutilized tools of exploration, ranging from telportation, drones, and drilling to altering the world itself and glitching or unglitching parts of it.  Other than that, the weapons, while not all useful, all have a distinct feel to them and are different from what we usually get, such as an electro mace, a volt shotgun, and a blast which explodes remotely.  Exploration is pretty cool all around.Music wise, the music isn't memorable or ear wormy, but fits the dreary environment, adding to the otherworldly feel.Now, the game does have a few problems.  There isn't a great way to fast travel and the back tracking can become tiresome.  Many of the weapons are unfeasible to actually fight bosses with so will go unused.  Secrets...the game has a huge number of secrets and doesn't always help you find them.  For example, I tried to find my way into a hidden passage, but the blocks you can enter look the same as the rest of the blocks.  It can get frustrating, though this does give it replayability as you can try and find everything or get help for a second playthrough.Story is both a strong and a weak part of this game.  There is a story and it's pretty good, utilizing the game's engine and design to create some suitably effective and horrific moments, however a large portion of the story goes unexplained and overall, it is up to a large amount of speculation.  The game obfuscates story elements as well, leaving notes in other languages which need translation...it can get tiresome.Despite the flaws, however, Axiom Verge is a master class work in Metroidvania with an aesthetic and design which is unique from its contemporaries and makes it stand as one of the best of the best.Give it a playthrough...or three."
76561197961523537,Recommended,332200,28724657,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Helbare,This is one of the greatest games ever made.
,Recommended,332200,28643438,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Doomguy,"This is a well crafted ode to Metroid.I may be a 16 year old that was born during the PS2/Gamecube/Xbox era, but I remember pestering my grandmother until she brought out her old NES for me to play with one day. Never have I ever found games so satisfying in my life!! And the first game on the ol' NES I got attached to day one? Metroid.Now, I'm like the other Metroid fans from the old NES days. I worry about the direction Metroid is heading now, and I wish they'd just quit and reboot the whole series for what it's become. But this?! This is better than Metroid!! This will keep me awake for days as I figure out exactly HOW to defeat that next boss, where to go, and how many times I'm gonna die til I get it right...If your a Metroid fan, meet Samus's older cousin, get a copy of this game, and start crawling the bloody, confusing labyrinth that is Axiom Verge for yourself. And make sure you got plenty of food and water, a place close by to use the bathroom, and a PSVITA/3DS to continue playing on the road, cause once you pick this game up you WON'T want to drop the controller (like I FORCED myself to do just to write this review...)"
,Recommended,332200,29091588,Posted: 7 January,all,bluebreezer,"A very solid loveletter to super metroid.If you have any warm and fuzzy memories regarding that game, you really should consider picking this one up."
76561198134104436,Recommended,332200,25698852,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Dad,This game is good
76561197976612002,Recommended,332200,24244587,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Katzenjammer,"Anazing nusic, gameplay, and art style. Great Mevania."
76561197987156904,Recommended,332200,23847183,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Cymek,"Axiom Verge has been characterised as a Metroidvania 2-D sidescrolling shooter. Although this description is certainly true when glancing at the game's surface, it is misleading as to what this game is truly about. Axiom Verge is about the atmosphere of the world rather than depth of gameplay.Axiom Verge was created entirely by a single man. That man has done a phenomenal job on the aesthetics of the game. But just beneath the veneer of beautiful pixel artwork and retro techno music lies a game that falls short to deliver a challenging and ultimately satisfying experience.Most of the game's enemies are pushovers that do not have the numbers or intelligence to pose a serious threat. The only time that they become dangerous is when the player gets impatient and tries to rush through a particular section of the game. In addition, the boss fights are completely repetitive once you understand the boss's weakness, requiring very little  thought or skill. All of this amounts to a game in which the player's responses to new areas of the map are more or less the same.The story is shallow and trite. The developer of this game should not be writing for anything, let alone a video game. I wager that he could have paid any amateur with a modicum of hobby writing experience to flesh out a skeleton storyboard and they could have come up with something better. Some reviewers have said that the story is interesting. While the setting may be interesting, the writing and overrall narrative structure is cliche at best and just plain bad at worst.All of that said, the artwork and atmosphere are still quite beautiful. That alone justifies at least a 5-15$ price tag depending on how much that means to you. Indeed, I myself originally bought this game for the artwork and was not disappointed on that front.In essence, Axiom Verge is an atmospheric Metroidvania-style 2-D sidescrolling shooter with good artworkand smooth gameplay mechanics that could have used significant input from a more seasoned game designer."
,Recommended,332200,28319408,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Dog,"I am not sure if I am doing something wrong or if the game has some very amateurish flaws in level design, I recommend this game anyway.Some jumps are very difficult and annoying.. Not a boss, or puzzle, but a god damn JUMP!I'd rather be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by a pack of wild huskies than perform those annoying jumps! COME ON! What are they thinking?!Did they hire the team that made Ninja Turtles 1 for NES!?*sips beer*What are they thinking! And I haven't even got a double jump!(Nice game)"
,Recommended,332200,20194909,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Larkhainan,"A fantastic game that not only strokes your nostalgia, but also works toward the meta-narrative of your nostalgia - co-opting more of the sentiment of 80s gaming than merely using beautiful pixel art. Excellent score, a solid back story and interesting visual homages to many of the things that actually inspired 80s gaming wrapped around satisfying Metroidvania action. A production that, for me, is not only a source of nostalgia but something I will be yearning for a sequel to for years and feeling nostalgia toward a decade from now on its own satisfying merits."
76561198358855573,Recommended,332200,31889794,Posted: 21 May,all,jb.benzoni,Remember Metroid? That's the last one.
,Recommended,332200,31362937,Posted: 25 April,all,Dunsparrow,"TLDR: Excellent Metroidvania platform/exploration game.This game will leave you frustrated, puzzled, slapping-your-forehead, cheering, frowning, determined, exasperated and--in the end--smiling. In other words, it is damn near perfect.I won't get into the plot or substance of the game, but the story is clever and weaves a wonderful mystery that you unravel as you explore new areas. This mystery is something that the original Metroid gave you, but Super Metroid (as a rehash) did not. With a new world, and a new story, this takes the best gameplay elements of the Metroidvania genre, adds a few of its own and takes off.The humor and design of the game are very self-aware. For instance, an item lets you ""glitch"" through walls as was famously possible on older SNES titles. The main character constantly challenges the plausibility of his situation and injects just the right amount of humor into a bizarre mystery.Play this! If you have investigated enough to see this review, you will LOVE it!"
,Recommended,332200,27216885,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,May May,"What can i say, besides, GO AND BUY THIS GAME RIGHT NOW.Truly one of the best games ever, one and only of its kind, the game you've been waiting for ages, and Tom Happ made it a reality, graphics alike those of metroid, and other nintendo games, one of the best soundtracks ever, all of which give a real feel of the environment.Best Game Ever.Period."
76561198059619193,Recommended,332200,29017874,Posted: 4 January,all,It'sPresidentTobias,"OKAY! So being a fan of Shovel Knight and other retro style games, I decided to give this a go. First off I would like to say that it feels like the genre ""Metroidvania"" was made for this specific game. It captures both gameplay and atmosphere from both of the iconic games from which the genre was named.BUT THE STORY!This is the best part of the game. I have a great quote.Trace: ""I FOUND THE FRICKEN AXIOM VERGE!""Absolutely riveting 10/10"
,Recommended,332200,31761297,Posted: 14 May,all,vittau,"Most certainly one of the best metroidvania games out there. The plot is not revolutionary, but is engaging and detailed enough to keep you interested. The music is amazing, from chiptune to indian vocal samples. Gameplay is quite complex, with many different weapons and items, sometimes it can even get a bit overwhelming. But difficulty never feels cheap. The biggest flaw in the game is navigation, sometimes there's not much to tell you what to do next, and you have to wander around for quite a while until you figure out what you gotta do.All in all, highly recommended for anyone, especially those looking for a new metroidvania fix."
76561198061750921,Recommended,332200,29219555,Posted: 13 January,all,DeadMan_Playing,Still stuck tho.
76561197967668421,Recommended,332200,15994339,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Feanor,"A Metroidvania in the purest sense, Axiom Verge combines Metroid and Contra.  In particular, the original Metroid and Super Contra, in both gameplay and aesthetics.  The controls are snappy and responsive, and you can lock your feet like in Super Contra.  The game applies modern graphics to old NES Metroid aesthetics.  Environments and music are spooky, and enemies are disturbing.  There are many items, and you will not find them all on your first run.  The map lets you lay down markers to investigate secrets earlier.Also, like Metroid and Contra, the game is tough as hell.  I highly recommend this."
76561198049088001,Recommended,332200,15859136,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Fonix,"Very good, buy it at full price it's worth it!"
76561197981885943,Recommended,332200,15857051,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Roboman20000,"This game takes you back to the age of Metroid and Castlevania. There are so many secrets and fun areas its hard to stop playing. This game a a big challenge as well but it doesn't feel like it's unfair. If you want a challenging game with lots to discover, Axiom Verge should be your next pick."
,Recommended,332200,15859986,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Zaszian,Like playing Super Metroid again for the first time.10/10 would verge again
,Recommended,332200,30628281,Posted: 19 March,all,SnakeManEwan,An incredible adventure that you will never forget.
,Recommended,332200,16007529,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Vexblackheart,Great Metroid clone. Exceptional music.If you enjoyed any of the Metroids or Symphony of the Night this game is a must buy.
,Recommended,332200,15862191,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Clay,this is one of those perfect indie titles that takes all it can from the NES classics and makes it a new game
,Recommended,332200,15840258,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Thirteen Is The Forever Number,"Axiom Verge and it's world is just breath-taking in it's deliver. It really brings back recent memories of me playing Metroid Fusion, Metroid Prime 3: Corruption, Super Metroid and old memories of playing Metroid Prime. I beat Metroid Prime, never beat the others, also wish I had, but this game feels fresh compared to those. Above all that, I just can't wait to get access to the Glitch gun. Thomas Happ took an idea that I thought of, but never could make a reality and did just that...for this I applaud him. He is a man I will gladly support with my money and game appreciation."
,Recommended,332200,33128452,Posted: 2 July,all,Afrikanprince,"Great Game, inspirational design, impeccable controls, fantastic music. Play It!"
,Recommended,332200,15999358,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,They Call Me El Civ,"""Axiom Verge is a stellar game filled with collectables, combat, exploring, and mystery, which has the power to entice the retro gamer out of anyone who picks up the controls.  Meandering storyline and mediocre boss battles aside, Axiom is an expertly polished title which evokes the spirit of Metroid perfectly, and in some places, verbatim.  Pick it up if you have a crush on Nintendo era classics, or if you’re just looking for an indie game that doesn’t suck.  Because let’s face it.  There’s a lot to choose from out there.""Check out the video review here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W302ismR_Hk"
,Recommended,332200,19894595,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Lon,"Axiom Verge is a great trip, it's something I'll be sure to trace my steps through again and again. The music soundtrack is great, the aesthetic is a total love letter to the Metroidvania genre, and the storyline is fresh and new. Definitely a game worth checking out!"
,Recommended,332200,34135959,Posted: 9 August,all,๖ۣۜAsphyXia,"An absolute masterpiece.This is everything you want from a game:-an amazing story-fun combat-interesting bosses-challenging but not frustrating-a level of exploration-a variety of weapons to fit all play stylesI honestly cannot think of a single issue with this game, other than maybe it can sometimes be confusing where to go to progress.Definately worth picking up whenever you can, but give yourself time because once you start you won't wanna stop till ur done!"
,Recommended,332200,28331284,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,drj3rk,"What can I say?  The game is perfect.  I've just started my second play-through because I've been missing it since I played it right after it came out.  Just as fun the second time through.  The visuals a gorgeous, the music is great, the mechanics are all spot on.  There is really nothing about this game that I can complain about.  It can be a little on the difficult side sometimes, but I find it to be very well balanced overall, and it's always rewarding to get past a tricky spot.  There is a metric ton of weaponry to play with, and the additional tools are handy and fun.  Some people may hate me for this, but I actually like it better than the Metroid games.  (not that I don't love those, but something about this game speaks to me a bit more)"
76561198143397161,Recommended,332200,33356236,Posted: 7 July,all,Selsku,Best indie game of the year!
,Recommended,332200,18637430,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Nijbu,Good video computer
,Recommended,332200,24004665,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Dennis,Literally perfect
,Recommended,332200,28664503,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,blue man,it seems you are reading reviews. this means you want to buy this game or see what other people think. If its the former. Stop reading and buy this game!
,Recommended,332200,20068142,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Dozenbeer,Great Metroid-like game.Pros:+ runs super smooth+ controls are tight and have a very good feeling to it+ fantastic OST+ many many unique weapons and upgrades+ pretty lenghty game at ca. 14 hours playtime+ challenging gameplay and bossfightsCons:- I thought the story was uninteresting and bland- collectible documents are absolutley worthless- asking price is a little bit too much- pathfinding can be a little bit frustratingI highly recommend this game if its lower in price. But for every Metroid fan this is a very cool game to enjoy from beginning to end.
76561198025914520,Recommended,332200,31690788,Posted: 11 May,all,Mavi,"I love 80's theme,if you love too."
76561198094553949,Recommended,332200,21897804,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,johnny breeco,great metroidvania game
,Recommended,332200,19015385,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Dangerous Beans,"Okay, so... To be perfectly clear, I'm thumbing up the game BARELY because the price is out of control. I got it on sale for $14 and that's a lot closer to what it's worth.This is a metroidvania (clearly) and is more similar to the original metroid in aesthetic and exploration than most recent entries. Unfortunately some of the upgrades are very nice but others fall very flat. Specifically, the primary weapon is a bit ridiculous. There are serveral types of ""beam"" that you can pick up, but you can only have two equipped at once and toggle between them without going to the menu. Further, they're all really very boring weapons. I found myself relying mainly on the first gun until I got the other one that shoots straight for long distances, then my alt weapon was the one that could penetrate walls a little. Not very exciting. Another annoying design quirk is the ""lock"" button. In Metroid games you can lock your firing angle in various ways depending on which entry in the series you're playing, but in Axiom Verge you hold a button to lock your position instead, so the d-pad controls firing angle instead of movement. Look, the Metroid systems aren't perfect, but they allow for highly mobile combat and they feel natural. The position lock in this game is immersion breaking, even after having been used to it for a couple hours.Some of the other items are quite nice though. Instead of a morph ball you get a remote drone that you can fire and then control. It can go just about anywhere so long as it's not blocked by high jumps or otherwise un-navigable terrain. You can even leave the area you left your body in and continue exploring. When the drone dies or self-destructs you return to your body. That's pretty neat, really.The other main items are a disruptor and a laser drill. The laser drill is kind of a more convenient version of Metroid's bomb weapon - mainly intended to break holes in certain walls. The disruptor works to corrupt the reality of certain blocks or enemies and can make some interesting things happen when used in the right place. For example, there's one enemy that looks like a big coral and shoots out annoying projectiles that fly around in random directions. If you get the leve 2 disruptor you can corrupt it and it shoots out health instead.The length of the game isn't too bad. I've been playing for a few hours and I'm at less than 20%. I'm smart enough to not use a guide/FAQ until after I've beat the game though, so YMMV if you spoil yourself.Anyway, it'scertainlynot worth $20. At this point I'd say that the $14 I paid for it is about right for a metroidvania fan."
76561198223808372,Recommended,332200,32688217,Posted: 23 June,all,rocksempu,"Só pela referencia: metroidvania, são motivos suficientes para parar e observar um pouco mais esse tal de Axiom Verge. E que jogo fantástico, não apenas pela semelhança em um estilo tão agradável mas pelas particularidades que ele proporciona.Versatilidade mapas e skills fazem desse jogo uma ótima pedida pra que preza diversão acima de tudo, com uma historia simples mas bem desenvolvida Axiom Verge consegue garantir um ótimo gameplay do começo ao fim."
76561198041811469,Recommended,332200,28542915,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,CelomarD,"If you enjoyed super metroid on SNES, you'll love this game."
76561198107941657,Recommended,332200,29077853,Posted: 6 January,all,Shwan Purd,"Very fun to play, especially if you're into metroid."
,Recommended,332200,31475415,Posted: 30 April,all,twitch.tv/tosagvirus,"""Why can't Axiom crawl?"" -Philosoraptor42, 2015."
76561197963627405,Recommended,332200,16387341,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Peperino,"If you love Super Metroid, you will love this.- Tight controls- Smooth gameplay- Loads of upgrades (some are optional, which is a good thing)- Nice progression- Maps are okay- Awesome soundtrackDidn't give two sh*ts about the story, but that was my choice. There story is there but it's not very compelling. Some anoying dialouges ruined it for me.I spent about 10 hours completing the game with aprox 78% items collected.If you are a fan of metroidvanias you need this in your collection.9/10 With a thumbs up!"
76561198077538197,Recommended,332200,34221509,Posted: 13 August,all,VandriX,"One of the best metroidlike since ages !Only down side is the final boss.For all the previous bosses, there is a way to dodge, hide, or a pattern to figure in order to beat them. But for the final one, it is just pure luck. Random pattern and no way to hide, no way do dodge, nothing at all.A real shame."
,Recommended,332200,26109331,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Tiripsflow,"True to the metroidvania style; vast exploration, great music, fun gameplay."
76561198210037861,Recommended,332200,26232819,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Escapism,GREAT GREAT GREAT!
,Recommended,332200,31594242,Posted: 6 May,all,Cardioid,"The best things about this game are the visuals and the soundtrack. I personally think the story, as its interesting, doesn't do the game justice. The gameplay is pretty nice too, but controls can be iffy at first. Health drops aren't available during any bosses. You're likely going to have to die several times in boss fights just to figure out the best strategy, and whether that's a big deal or not is really up to the player. You'll see yourself collecting several types of guns that are pretty outright wicked in design. Personally, as this game looks and sounds really cool, it just didn't resonate too much with me because you can not really surpass how great Metroid or Contra was (Two games Axiom Verge is heavily inspired by) without coming off like a clone, especially with so many similarities.I will be listening to the soundtrack though! Way worth the buy!Overall, my rating of this game is a solid 6/10. But don't let my rating discourage you- it's a pretty well made indie game that deserves its praise and my rating is just an opinion."
,Recommended,332200,21617800,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Agent Orange,"It's a pretty decent game, although not perfect.  If you are dying for a metroid like game, this is probably it.That said, it's my opinion that a lot of the weapons and the way you use them is pretty weak.  I'm not going to pretend to be an excellent player, but there are some guns that seem to serve little purpose in most fights.  I did, however, find myself switching guns quite a bit to clear trash mobs, and I did not see it as much of a plus.  In general, I would say there are some balance issues, but it isn't trying to be a modern easy to play game, so maybe it's fine the way it is.I havne't gotten too far in the game, but it was pretty obvious to me that there is no clear progression to the game.  Some games, even metroid, have good pacing, but in this one you can explore quite a bit more than you need to before having to backtrack.. I'm not sure that everyone will have the experience, but I did find myself fighting my way through the same areas multiple times, almost pointlessly.There are a lot of good things about this game, like the soundtrack.  It's also a pretty good adaption to the retro castlevania/metroid games.  I would say if you haven't played the old school games that this is based on you should go back and find emulators for them.  Most of the emulators are free and work in your browser."
76561198029669648,Recommended,332200,26430931,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Flower Power,"Wonderful game, great nod to the metroid series and beautiful music."
76561197993280952,Recommended,332200,28688929,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Sammstein,"amazing soundtrack. game is alright, gameplay is fairly solid but the story is kinda stupid"
,Recommended,332200,23056255,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Scarecrow91,Like Oh Mah Gawd
,Recommended,332200,33621186,Posted: 17 July,all,BerzerkBed,"Really great game, I highly recommand for any metroidVania fan out there ! Worth every penny."
,Recommended,332200,25993260,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,ayetoday,would try to cleanse those red bubble walls again.✪✪✪✪✪
76561198093062876,Recommended,332200,20025030,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Mandril,Best 13 bucks I have ever spent. Reminds me of metroid the old NES one...yea am that old :)Anyway extremely happy with this game running on Manjaro 64 bit.
,Recommended,332200,20431850,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,xenustehg,"The overall game looks and plays good. Graphics and music are awesome, be sure to get soundtrack version of this game, besides Tommy let steam to give you FLAC version of the soundtrack.On the bad side... well the bosses are too easy and dullespecially the last one. And the far you get the more you feel how the game is incomplete.To those who says it is a new Metroid: it is not. The reason is the game is kinda slow paced and plays like contra with backtracking but without salto-mortales in the air.tldr: the soundtrack is better than the game itself."
,Recommended,332200,23834466,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,SocialGamer,"I'm not sure why this new wave of gaming critics have become so jaded? This is quite a solid and well polished Metroid-Vania 2D adventure platformed. I've been playing all genre of games since pong was released in the late 70's, so I think I can offer an unbiased opinion.The game doesn't break any new ground, but, Axiom dies what it does in a great and stylized way that gives it, it's own identity.1. Solid and actually pixel perfect jumping.2. Unique weapons make this game fun and also creates the need to explore every nook and cranny for hidden modifications and upgrades.3. Game Play makes up for a thin story, but! The game is very fun to look at and explore.I highly recommend this game to anyone in the need fire many hours of game play and 2D adventure."
,Recommended,332200,34963650,Posted: 14 September,all,yamchaa,Awesome game! Brilliant gameplay
76561198284942409,Recommended,332200,35027084,Posted: 17 September,all,danielbonner57,"It's fun, but old school hard."
,Recommended,332200,28915577,Posted: 1 January,all,ciabaros,"10/10Masterpiece. I used to look for games that are somewhat close to as good as Super Metroid... this one is actually BETTER.PROS+ Great retro style music/sound+ Amazing story+ Engaging mechanics+ Useful weapons+ Usable intuitive interfaces+ Solid programming (windows)+ Challenging without too much punishmentCONS- I wish they would have used the right controller stick to aim your weapon (while still moving with the left); the whole locking-aim mechanism is just cruel...- The grappling hook mechanism is somewhat annoying to wrangle properly..NOTE: Even the cons are totally acceptable as challenging ""classic-like"" aspects of the game."
,Recommended,332200,23877480,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,MVme,"Oh you like Metroid?!Then you like this game, and if you don't you're wrong.Bye."
76561197977188730,Not Recommended,332200,31831070,Posted: 18 May,all,Skywind,"All these good reviews about this game are on crack. It was fun and interesting at first, but half way through I realized it was a terrible game.If you're looking for challenging combat, do NOT play this game. Combat is repetitive and cheesy. Most of the time you can't avoid getting hit by monsters late in the game without cheesing because theres no form of iframes or dodging in this game until you get one particular upgrade and it's not enough.The latter boss fights in the game are just ""How much hp do you have and how many dmg upgrades did you find so you can  face tank everything and beat the game?"" I've never played such a bad game. You know a game is bad when you just spam the attack button, get hit by everything, and still win. There's also no penalty for dying and you keep all upgrades on the run youI played on hard mode and the only boss I ever took more than 3 tries awas the last boss nd it was a matter of RNG of how much hp monsters dropped. Most bosses took 1 or 2 tries.The reward for exploration is meh. Most of the time it's just another useless weapon. I remember I solved some cryptic puzzle and got a useless weapon for it that I never used. Since there is no fast travel trying to backtrack and find secrets got really repetitive although I did explore and find most of the upgrades with no walkthrough, some of them felt impossible to get. I guess the puzzles there were too difficult for me.Then again, if I wanted to play cryptic puzzle game I would play La mulana."
76561198006967744,Not Recommended,332200,24273659,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Daydream3r,"This game sorely needs a quicktravel option. Everytime you want to try out a new power or have an idea on how or where to get forward on the map you need to travel across the entire gameworld to get somewhere. It's fun when you did not uncover a lot of the map yet but it's a major pain in the♥♥♥♥♥later on. So much so that I just gave up on it. Maybe I just missed something, but other than that this is a fun castlevania game and totally would recommend it. It breaks my hearth to do this."
,Recommended,332200,15839125,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,The BDG,I am thoroughly enjoying this game. It is very will written and the game play mechanics are very well thought out.  The story gives you information just often enough to keep you engaged without being giant walls of text.  I did a full 45 minute review over here.https://youtu.be/M47EOXvpsYM
76561198125856736,Recommended,332200,31948957,Posted: 25 May,all,NeeffSteeff,Just don't get stuck.
,Recommended,332200,15839211,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,the8cell,A love letter to metroid that vastly outshines its inspirational material.
,Recommended,332200,15873628,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,chrisxchad732,"As a big Metroid and Castlevania fan, I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,332200,15841266,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,SirDeimos,This game is hella.Best played with lights off and headphones on.
,Recommended,332200,23494942,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,scrumble,wizard of oz reference
76561197973092384,Recommended,332200,32792653,Posted: 25 June,all,monsieur,Good stuff
,Not Recommended,332200,31902637,Posted: 22 May,all,Redhunt,fun for a while but gets really tedious with too much backtracking and an outdated map system very soon afterwards
,Recommended,332200,27193760,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Alien Gurgey,metroid
76561197979550031,Recommended,332200,33112041,Posted: 1 July,all,sufficient,"Absolutely amazing game, and very faithful to the style of Metroid down to the smallest details. Extremely well done."
,Recommended,332200,28788248,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Zhanmadao,"Where do I begin?...so being a Super Metroid speed runner and long time fan of the Metroid platforming series (been playing since I was old enough to hold a controller which is like 17 years now)I had to give this a try,and sadly I hadn't heard of this game till about a week before this review,after palying it fully through and doing a normal run I've decided I will be speedrunning this game and it has 100% earned my respect,It has great mechanics and tons of collectibles and weapons (even though the person who made the grapple hook should be fired),and with a completion rate of 72% on my first playthrough I feel like the game is pretty much on par with Super Metroid,getting stuck can be frustrating but Overall nothing you can't get though with a little time,I have a ton of respect for the game designers and only wish the soundtrack wasn'tso out of place in this game,one of the few things i disliked about this game was that the soundtrack didn't really fit the retro graphic style nor did it create atmosphere,personally though I loved every moment of it and can't wait to play through again"
,Recommended,332200,25722067,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,SilverFayte,It's a better metroid game than most metroid games. 10/10
76561198182745838,Recommended,332200,25325674,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,RSO,Awesome plot. Catchy gameplay. Nice game.
,Recommended,332200,28180283,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,⎝Stevepunk⎠,Loved it from start to finish.This only problem is it was over too soon.
,Recommended,332200,33983900,Posted: 2 August,all,Relle,"This is not a mere Metroidvania. This game is a love letter to all things Metroid. It has all the pieces: power-ups, new abilities, and even includes a deep and rich lore within the game that you have to explore to unlock, ala Dark Souls. The only negative I could level against it is the game rarely goes on sale. So is it worth your hard-earned dollars? Check out my video review to find out!https://youtu.be/tqq7mTxw7fo"
,Recommended,332200,29429888,Posted: 22 January,all,Bebop,"Retro fans will love it, modern gamers will appreciate it."
,Recommended,332200,15865803,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,DaGaimez,Here's my review of #axiomverge a new title with a retro feel. Is it worth your money? Always honest reviews on DaGaimez!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CuiAKLMNab4
76561198169260504,Not Recommended,332200,33263907,Posted: 5 July,all,loadedbakedpotato,"Enemies are difficult and repetitive, and so are bosses. Boss attack patterns are extremely predictable, long, and repetitive. Each boss only has one single attack, which just gets faster and faster. The fights are a battle of patience. Some even have areas where you are completely invulnerable, but you can still hit the boss. Then it's just a matter of shooting the boss, while it gets redder and redder until it explodes. Zero variety, it's just annoying after a while.Total completion is near impossible because the map is worthless, and secret areas are randomized for each run."
76561198041980399,Not Recommended,332200,24243397,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Stinkin_Burrows,"This game got very boring very fast, looks great but whoever's idea it was to control aiming with the same stick you move with needs to be fired, why would you map the weapons to the right stick and have to hold down a button and lock yourself in place to aim?"
76561198134153386,Recommended,332200,32682056,Posted: 23 June,all,mosby555,AMAZING!
76561198323561713,Recommended,332200,28729104,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Romance,Just buy it.
76561198055216902,Recommended,332200,24088304,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Fatbeen,The greatest metroidvania game since Metroid and Castlevania!
76561198111422770,Not Recommended,332200,29504595,Posted: 26 January,all,背着西瓜炸学校,"crash,crash,crashRepetitive and boring boss fight6/10, buy this game if you are really into metrovania , otherwise I dont recommend it."
,Recommended,332200,33533381,Posted: 14 July,all,Tal*,"I really had fun playing this game, Not a lot of games are as enjoyable as this anymore. Just watching the story and the whole game play out was amazing."
76561198026571935,Recommended,332200,31674658,Posted: 10 May,all,Yx Leathersoul,Interesting enough to keep me glued to it.
,Recommended,332200,23558198,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Brauner,Are you looking for a new unique game that also feels retro? Well Axiom Verge is for you. Do you Like Metroid? Well again Axiom Verge is for you. Do you like Metroidvania Games? Well you get the point. In my opinion i feel as if Axiom Verge is the greatest indie game of 2015. OPINION. But seriously Axiom Verge is an amazing game that reminds me alot of Metriod but also feels amazingly unique.
76561198041915022,Not Recommended,332200,31669920,Posted: 10 May,all,Vee,"This game IS a fantastical example of what an impressive featONEman can achieve when building a good game from start to finish. And immdeately we come to a reasonwhyone person shouldn't do it to a scale that Axiom Verge tried to pull everything off: it is lacking in all the component fields as a result...Artwork is nice, but not varied enough;music is ok but doesn't have thought continuation throughout;story is interesting to start with and then goes into an incoherent vector and I'm still not sure if I understood what Tom was trying to convey. After playing it through it seems much more could've been done in the universe and storyline.gameplay mechanics are good but some parts are really fiddly to work with and the variety of weapons was there just for the sake of it. It didn't add anything different and I played 96% of it using combination of two weapons again with a ratio of 80% to 20% where long range was a necessity. The amount of unnecessary gadgetry was baffling almost to a level of a point-and-click adventure game where you would get a shiny new item with a dedicated button only to use it in 3 locations throughout the map.The area that I could not get any complains at is the technical side. No crashes, runs impossibly smoothly, loads fast, and didn't end up in any unforseen scenario throughout the whole run (never stuck in a wall or anything of the sorts).Most of luck in the future Tom, I really really hope your next game will be with a full(er) team, at least one guy in each sector to get all the distractions out of the way!Bottom line:It was a nice journey, but I wouldn't play it again.Could be regarded as a decent pickup on a sale."
,Not Recommended,332200,19056080,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,[Xion]Omega Xi,"I'd like to preface this by saying I did enjoy playing this game, but Steam asks if I would reccomend it.  I would not, read on to learn why.Kind of saddens me to not reccomend this game to be honest, it's very well crafted but there's only so much bull♥♥♥♥♥♥a man can take.  Regular enemies that take way too much damage, frustrating bosses, a dash mechanic that would be awesome if it had a dedicated button rather than having to tap away on the d-pad, weapons that don't really add a whole lot to the game.  I love the Metroid series which this pays homage to in many regards but honestly I feel this game pales in comparison.It's like the developer played Super Metroid and though it wasn't diffuicult enough.  This game is more like Metroid than super Metroid, it's progressive in terms of scope and variety of pick ups, but a complete step backwards in terms of approachability.  Filling your game with enemies with too much health and unavoidable attacks just saps all the fun out of it and the bosses later on are just awful.  I would even argue that the exploratory nature of the game is hamstrung at a certain point I wanted to go back to explore old areas and find items so I could get more health to help ease the pain of a boss fight, but I was trapped in one area until I beat said boss and collected a certain item.The visual design is excellent but the music is so-so it loops quickly and repeats often so even the tracks I enjoyed I got sick of fairly quickly.  All things considered it's not a terrible game, but I can't reccomend it to my friends, it's frustrating, time consuming and can often seem unrewarding.  Die hard fans of the genre will probably still enjoy this game however."
,Not Recommended,332200,25811843,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Haze,"Remember that one retro sci-fi game? It's about some android named Samus. and there's this giant jellyfish that clings to you and drains all your energy. What was that creature called? I forget.Anyway, that's what this game is like! All the fun has been drained out by alien jellyfish, leaving behind a dry husk of irritating busywork.Enemies are aggressive bullet sponges. The wide variety of flashy guns are equally ineffective. New powerups and abilities do nothing useful, they're keys just to get past annoying barriers. Jumping and platforming is floaty. The graphics sometimes don't distinguish between foreground and background. Bosses are boring slogfests. Story is bland.I've never had LESS fun in a 2D exploration game. How did they get every little thing wrong?"
,Not Recommended,332200,24531730,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Moonchild,"This game was really really fun at the beggining. But for some reason the hardest boss is in the middle.Which I guess could be looked at as a minor design flaw, but this boss is un beatable. I spent almost 3 hours trying to beat it, despite looking up every online guide I could find. This is clearly a mistake on the developers part. Something must have been overlooked by mistake.Once I spend 3 hours doing the same thing over and over again with no success, the game is no longer fun for me to play."
,Recommended,332200,31566221,Posted: 5 May,all,Darmok <Popular Geekery>,Video Review from Popular Geekery!https://youtu.be/8sqocRxbhX4
,Recommended,332200,15958448,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,<<Scorpio Uprising>>,One dude.
,Recommended,332200,31633929,Posted: 8 May,all,snot,metroidy
,Not Recommended,332200,24384739,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,kevinski,"I'll be blunt: The grappling absolutely killed this game for me.I don't like Metroid, but I like Metroidvania-style games. I don't like the environments in Metroid games, and I dislike Metroid's reliance on the whole hey-try-shooting-through-random-blocks-to-find-your-way-into-or-out-of-a-room brand of traversal that's all too common in the series. So, color me surprised when I found myself legitimately enjoying Axiom Verge, despite it relying to some extent on these elements. Things were looking up, and I was engaged.And then I found the grapple power-up.Look, there are games that do grappling well. Hell, even Super Metroid did grappling well. I didn't like Super Metroid, but it handled most means of traversal quite well, and this is true of the grappling, as well. That said, I prefer grappling that's more along the lines of what you'd find in Castlevania: Bloodlines or The GG Shinobi II: The Silent Fury.I absolutely *hate* Bionic Commando-style grappling, and this game uses it in full force. And it feels terrible.For starters, the grappling in Axiom Verge models itself very closely after the grappling in Bionic Commando, right down to the janky feel and animation (in that it's not smooth at all). It just feels off.Furthermore, holding left or right when you're swinging will cause you to automatically release yourself from the grapple whenever you swing all the way in that direction...some of the time. Other times, you'll have to press Jump in order to release yourself in that direction, because one stupid block that didn't even affect your swinging trajectory happens to be relatively close to your grapple point. The fact that you can't count on your character to automatically release himself from the grapple when you're simply holding the correct direction really messes up your flow at times.The worst part about the grappling is that it becomes frustrating almost immediately after you get the ability to grapple. You need to use it to grapple across a ceiling, which requires multiple uses of the grapple in quick succession. Failing results in a really long fall, which results in you having to grapple your way back up a series of platforms that do nothing to prepare you for the aforementioned grappling segment, because they're too damn short to practice the timing on. You can't practice, and the time spent grappling your way back up for another try creates too long of a break between your attempts at getting across the ceiling for the process to be very intuitive. It's really bad.Once I progressed enough to reach the next save point, I saved the game and uninstalled it. I have zero interest in continuing to play the game, because I know that I'll reach a point at which the grappling just isn't doable for me, given my discomfort with the grappling mechanics in general. I can deal with grappling in some other games, but there's just too much of a disconnect for me when the mechanics mimic those of Bionic Commando so closely.If you like Metroid games and Bionic Commando, then you'll probably enjoy the game. If you can't get past elements of either of those two games, though, then steer clear."
,Recommended,332200,31911615,Posted: 22 May,all,Count Cuckula,"Very good game.Great level design, good story, decent gameplay and is very reminiscent of older Metroid/Castlevania style games, and the soundtrack made me♥♥♥♥♥buckets. Only issue I had with the game is having to constantly backtrack through the entire map multiple times as you unlock new items to progress and to access secrets that you couldn't previously reach. A fast travel system would've been nice, but I guess it wouldn't have really worked as some areas require you to get trapped until you get to the item that allows you to escape. Still very fun though."
76561198025087080,Not Recommended,332200,28096136,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Goog,"I really wanted to get into this game I love the look of the art, sound of the music, gameplay feels tight but... everytime I try to play it, it makes me feel very very sick. I would not reccomend this to anyone who can very easily get sick from games or get motion sick."
76561197997888485,Not Recommended,332200,21863610,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Jothki,"In the time I spent playing this game, all I it felt like I was doing was wandering around aimlessly to the right while occasionally fighting bosses. The game was clearly sucessfully guiding me somewhere, but I had no idea where that was or how many meaninglessly named areas I'd have to pass through to reach it.The controls also felt like a hassle to manage, and between that and the lack of purpose or direction, I just wasn't having any fun with it. If there's an excellent game buried in there, I'm never going to reach it."
,Not Recommended,332200,22558484,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,MNE.JVoorhees,"This game is PROBABLY good. I won't play this game off like it was rubbish, it wasn't rubbish. It was god awful slow.I only played 25 minutes but it was a long 25 minutes where nothing really happened, so maybe it IS rubbish.  There was nothing about this game that inspired me to keep playing. I feel like I am the target audience for such a game, and for me it just fell flat. Maybe if I had pushed through and invested a bunch of time into it then I might end up liking it... But I feel like I would waste the opportunity to get a refund which I am certainly going to want.I really wanted to like it, it just didn't seem interesting enough for me to get very far."
,Not Recommended,332200,22448913,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,nwnchrst,"This game is to buggy.With keyboard there are key conflicts an sometimes ""f"" the fire key will just do nothing.With steam controler it constally fires a short drill and does not let you switch weapon, untill some unknowable event it will just start working right randomly."
,Not Recommended,332200,29661782,Posted: 2 February,all,Chan,"A game that reaches for the lofty title of ""the next great metroidvania"" but falls short.The story is boring.  The characters are forgettable.  The bosses are easy.  Very little differentiation between each area.I quit playing part way through because I honestly didn't care anymore."
,Not Recommended,332200,25813675,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,GrompVEVO,"I love Metroidvania games. I've played so much Super Metroid, Metroid Prime, Castlevania - Aria of Sorrows and Metroid Fusion. I even looked up a couple ways to speedrun Super Metroid because I have so much fun playing it. Naturally, when I started playing this game, I loved it too. The overworld is so detailed, it captured the aesthetic and vibe of Super Metroid perfectly all while doing it's own thing. I'm engrossed into it's complex story and I love every single itty bitty bit of it.Unfortunatly, I have one big problem with this game. It crashes. Freaquently. On the Mac version at least. I've tried my hardest to fix it. I've tried to contact the developer about this problem and after all that work, still nothing. I have no way of contacting the developer (His Q&A page isn't functional) and his FAQ page hasn't helped me whatsoever.I would love to give this game a perfect 10 and I would love to complete it but the fact that my game has crashed so many times, losing me several hours of game time, that just can't be a reality."
,Not Recommended,332200,19492639,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Lil Pump,Metroid's special ed cousin
,Not Recommended,332200,19345159,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Arkan01d,"I've been very enthralled with this game. It felt so much like Metroid, the controls were solid, the puzzles where on point. One thing I like about old-school games was their reliance on being a good observer, figuring things out for yourself, using skill and repeat play to master a game.So why am I not recommending Axiom Verge? TrollingI'm very near the end of the game and now, suddenly, the game is not about skill or observation anymore. It's about placing enemies in spots that will compromise and kill you without notice. Super-turbocharged ghouls exploding out of the floor in places that aren't marked. Divebombing nats that attack you from off screen and take out 1/4 of your health per hit. The games no longer a challenge or fun. Now I'm being trolled by the developer and I don't like it. They took a wonderful game and ruined it by making the last level no fun to play."
,Not Recommended,332200,21049035,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Teddy,"Being a huge fan of the Metroidvania genre, this one is probably the worst I've played. It looks and sounds terrible to begin with, I personally find the audio even worse than the graphics. The music is very unpleasant to listen to and the sound effects are way too obnoxious, especially enemy hits. It's ridiculously loud too. But even if you perservere through the graphics and sound, the game experience is not a pleasant one. I don't like the stage design, the enemies, or the weapons/powerups. There is little creativity in the maps and moving through it feels more like a chore than actual exploration. Most enemies are simply annoying, most of them move too fast and very hard to dodge, including their attacks. The drill upgrade is okay, but the combination of a drill and the address disruptor is a very weak design choice, as you'll end up drilling or disrupting everything in sight. That is not what I call good gameplay. Last but not least are a lot of weapons that are hard to use or sometimes even useless. Pushing the left analog stick, which happens in the heat of a fight, makes you switch between weapons where you usually don't want to do that.I wouldn't even call Axiom Verge mediocre, it simply isn't fun. The longer you play, the more obvious it becomes how much thought went into the Metroid and Castlevania games, because Axiom Verge tries very hard to benefit from their innovations but does not get close."
,Not Recommended,332200,21436174,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,My name is not important,"What the hell happened? This is the second retro game that decides it's a better idea to lock up steam, not run, and yet, remain running? It already happened with cryptark, now it's Axiom Verge's turn...This is ridiculous. It won't even appear on the task manager.This review is staying red until the game becomes playable again. As of right now, it can't even start."
,Not Recommended,332200,32246722,Posted: 7 June,all,matthewbaldwin,"Axiom Verge is so good for so long that you will continue to give it the benefit of the doubt long after it turns monotonous.  At some point it switches from a constant series of finding cool items, revealing new areas, and learning more backstory, to a exercise in tedium as you backtrack and backbacktrack and backbackbacktrack through previously explored rooms, desperately trying to figure out what the hell to do next. I'm half convinced that the good reviews for this game came from people who either only played the first half, or who plowed through the whole thing with walkthough in hand. Save yourself the heartache of watching a great game go dull by not getting invested in the first place."
76561198063154794,Not Recommended,332200,24260114,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Mekuto,"A soulless and unlikeable game that tries to copy Metroid but fails in every aspect. The weapons are useless, the story is dull the enemies are either way to tough for your current health and weapons or it is over run by way to many annoying enemies that are not fun to fight, and traveling just feels like such a chore.It really makes me hope that after Federation Force Nintendo announces a normal Metroid game so this game becomes forgotten instead of some ""metroid replacement"" that people claim it is."
76561197976837296,Not Recommended,332200,33622683,Posted: 17 July,all,mahkra,"The combat is tedious, which makes the exploration aspect of the game annoying. Boss fights are okay but the rest of the game is pretty meh."
,Not Recommended,332200,17215753,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Haegemon,"Frustrating Controls ruin otherwise great game.Axiom Verge is a solid metroidvania for the most part, but makes a few infuriating control choices that kept me from being able to ever enjoy the game for more than 30min at a time. More than that and the controls would agitate me enough to just quit and walk away for a while.The 2 biggest issues effectively pair together. The right thumbstick for gamepads is horridly used as a weapon select wheel, with the L/R thumbstick clicks cycling between preset weapons. A problem with this is it becomes far too easy to end up swapping weapons unintentionally in combat because of inevitable clicks while moving.All of this could be fixed with a little more condensing on controls. Remove the drone from having a discrete button press and treat it as a quick-select weapon. Make the selection wheel a Press+Hold button action to activate thumb-stick selection on Y, the quick-select tap Y, and the drone a preset 4th weapon in the quick select.Another issue is a frustrating dash that is unlocked and controlled by double-tap direction movements. It feels uncomfortable to use in any situation and completely breaks momentum on the character while exploring. It would be much better served if it had a dedicated button to control use. A good candiate to replace is the super-bomb, which somehow gets a dedicated trigger while having ~10 locations to ever really need to use it, compared to the heavy use of the dash when unlocked.I wish the controls were better so I could enjoy the great story, cool weapon selections, nice environments, and tons of secret items. As is, I'd have no incentive to hunt down all the secrets or ever try for the more difficult achievements because of how painful the controls can be to tolerate.7/10 from an objective standpoint, but 4/10 from a personal view because of how outright bad the control feel compared to other recent and classic metroidvania games."
,Not Recommended,332200,15889931,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Mnemoidian,"Axiom Verge has a pretty great intro. It reminded me of the games from the time-period when I got into this hobby. It's got a great soundtrack, very Metroid-like graphics and encourages exploration, like this genre of game should. At first, it seemed like the sort of game that I was going to enjoy.Unfortunately, around halfway through the game, it takes a turn for the worse and the whimsical exploration from the early game is replaced with spamming every metroidvania ability on every surface to make sure that you aren't missing a deviously hidden main path.(If you're going to play it: Use the disruptor on the slightly pinker goo than everything else that 2 fishlobsters jump out of)Another problem is the controls (I played using gamepad) become overburdened with half-baked exploration mechanics that never quite feel good enough to pull off what the game is trying to get you to do, instead just putting you in a nightmarish loop of repeating the difficult parts over and over until you get it right by virtue of chance... and then you get killed in the very next room and have to do it all again.For now, I've decided to put the game down, at what I believe is the final boss, because it is more frustrating than fun. Will I come back to it? I don't know - probably not.Maybe you'll like this? I didn't, even though I wanted to."
,Not Recommended,332200,28680913,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,zandaleph,"For a game which basically screams at its users to use a controller, it is a shame that controller support is not shipped out of the box.  I'm running a mac and tried both an xbox one controller and a ps4 controller with appropriate driver support, and neither worked with Axiom Verge.  Ultimately I found a link to a tool I could use to manually map each button to the specification the game uses, then copy that specification into a text file which controlled which controllers the game would recognized.  After this, the game worked, but I realized I could get it on console for the same price and without ever having to fight this battle again, so I returned the game.The game itself is awesome - I highly recommend picking it up on console.  It works great with a ps4 controller on the ps4, and I presume it works similarly awesomely on the xbox one with an xbox one controller there.  But I cannot recommend buying it on steam.For those who are determined, or have no other option, the config tool is called ""SDL2 Gamepad Tool by General Arcade"", and the file to locate within the game is called ""gamecontrollerdb.txt"".  I found the tool did not handle analog shoulder buttons well, so you may be in for a bumpy ride."
,Recommended,332200,15826874,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Tails' Cash Explosion,The tale of S̶a̶m̶u̶s̶ ̶A̶r̶a̶n̶  Trace can now be told.Witness the cinematic story of S̶a̶m̶u̶s̶ ̶A̶r̶a̶n̶'s Trace's past.Upgrade Weapons as you explore!The most action packed M̶e̶t̶r̶o̶i̶d̶  Trace game ever!NOW WITH MORE M̶E̶T̶R̶O̶I̶D̶  TRACE THAN YOU CAN SHAKE A STICK AT!
,Not Recommended,332200,20104433,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Mortdog247,"Too much NES Metroid, not enough Super Metroid. Going through hall after hall that all look the same with the same generic music without any fun new upgrades (the guns really aren't upgrades, just keys/side grades) just isn't enough to keep me motivated to play."
,Not Recommended,332200,20111092,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Dispersing Minds,"This game left me with mixed emotions. On the one hand it is stunningly beautiful and right up my alley in terms of genre. On the other hand it features some of the most jarringly annoying music I've experienced in a video game and some more or less horrendous sound effects (and I used to play NES...).I also felt this game, at times, crossed the border from homage to plain rip off. I can usually let those things slide when it comes to overarching game mechanics, especially when done right and in a context where it still adds something new to the genre. But when I see tiles and enemy movement patterns that are more or less ripped straight from Metroid I feel a line has been crossed.Pros:Great graphicsOverall conceptCons:Music is horrendousSound effects are terribleSometimes borrows a bit too much from MetroidWill I recommend it? Yes, for those who can ignore the sound effects and music, and for those starved for a metroidvania, otherwise no."
,Not Recommended,332200,24611088,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Theoroi,"THe game is pretty fun for the first couple hours, until that boss shows up. And there are a bunch of undodgeable minions rushing you, popping up right under you, as you get to the middle of the game. The worst thing is there is no way to heal up except visiting the checkpoint or hoping minions droping red dots, and it's so easy to get damaged.Overall, the story is good, the setting is good, but the game balance is rediculous."
,Recommended,332200,22326800,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,MundM,"I only have to say this:You can play this, one of the original Metroid games, or Environmental Station Alpha, all awesome , true to the classic games!"
76561198034860500,Not Recommended,332200,16800058,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Mustache Samurai,"It's like Metroid, except your weapons are useless and bosses are grindy instead of fun.  The exploration and items are fine, but having to worry about every single enemy is not, especially when you have to pour bullets into anything to kill it.One can't avoid comparisons to Super Metroid.  It's got everything you like from Super Metroid except the flow."
76561198105539140,Not Recommended,332200,34160412,Posted: 10 August,all,AkiraNarukami,"Whoever thought that basing a game on the ORIGINAL Metroid, and thought that having bland and bleak environments would be great game design needs to have their balls strapped to the back of a Ford F-150, screaming as it goes down the highway at 70 miles per hour. Great concept, absolutely STUPID and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ excecution. 6 years down the toilet, sir, and what a damn shame. By the way, I beat this game on PS4... AFTER 20 hours of just wandering aimlessly in the map."
,Not Recommended,332200,27891965,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,gut floral,"Terrible/nonexistant controller support despite declaring otherwise, for a ♥♥♥♥ing METROIDVANIA game. Good jerb."
,Not Recommended,332200,32725961,Posted: 24 June,all,GracefulAria,"To me, this game is a worse version of Metroid Fusion, an old GBA game. I liked playing iy for awhile, but at one point the game became quite tedious so I set it down and am not planning to pick it up again."
,Not Recommended,332200,32391663,Posted: 13 June,all,Chaotic Zombie,"Has a similar feel to Super Metroid, but falls flat in every area. The gameplay is repetative, and the music is really mundane and difficult to listen to. I can't recommend it. Environmental Station Alpha was a much better stab at the genre."
76561197993227522,Not Recommended,332200,32552414,Posted: 18 June,all,Zachariah,The sound gave me a headache. I'm sure it's a fun game but I couldn't take any more ear bleeding.
,Not Recommended,332200,33203567,Posted: 3 July,all,ismegamanthere,"Axiom Verge in a nutshell:-Derivative gameplay-Derivative music-Unappealing environments-Myriad weapons that are mostly uselessMetroidvania-esque games are becoming redundant, and Axiom Verge does nothing to help the genre."
76561198002009022,Not Recommended,332200,30261885,Posted: 1 March,all,ZarquonReturns,"Bleak world, oddly geeky background and design for the main character. I tried to like this, but I pretty much played it mindlessly over a holiday week. I should have gone out and played in the snow instead."
76561198056948319,Not Recommended,332200,26188550,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,RE4everMK,"It's not a bad game, but it has too much backtracking. It's making the game experiece boring and absolutely not motivating at all. I've felt lost several times, because I could not go forward. Instead, I needed to go back several 'areas' to continue. I'm not saying I need a linear game, but this is the first Metroidvania game that I play that made me feel that way...I insist, it is not a bad game, but for me it's become a hard to enjoy experience."
,Recommended,332200,34553453,Posted: 28 August,all,Tina's Eyes Are Yellow,"mf̶k҉ldsan̴f̛ìure͏w͡q̛f҉nmw̧eoq͞ir̛fm̸wif͘m̴n͠e̢w͡q͝it̕r̛n̕ąrgom҉nr͡t҉ia͜j̢nghu̵it̕r̛n̕ąrgla͠mf͠mìo͝ewm͝flp;̀ew͡fm̢iu҉43̧mfl͝w͝e̕;fm̵lds̴,f͡op̶4̵3rfik͏ȩmg͞i͟mìo͝ewm͝flp;̀ew͡fm̢iu҉43̧mfl͝w͝e̕;fm̵lds̴,f͡jn҉mr͜tfiwem,fds;lw,̶f̸+  ̷i҉n͟ce7̛umf̸ekfnm̧4̀j̕+ mf3m̡2̀yumf́d̨sk͜wm̵f̵ḱl̢d͝fmn̶j̵4e̷3͏+ g͡nruen̴wg̛kf͏d͝ngu͠re̵no͜ẁk͟okfg͏m͘ds͠kf̵kdsnfųi̷rm̴+ ͝mnfke͟wom͞v͠ck҉sv̨m͜re̵u͏mfgd̢sl͞p͝f́m̵4̛ui͘e͜rm͢,̴f͢gl̕r̷ew̶ṕmd͏lp͡sg̵f͠m͞,r̨5íu̵e̶m̛+ ͡mf͘wù84̢mfo͘p͘k͞sn͏m̶fd͏ius͜j͘ģfmo̢e̛r̵wj̧ǵfn͜u4̢w̸e͢md̵fl͝s͘wf͡,͜k͟m̛d͝sok+ t̸he̕ ͡gli̸tch ̴gu͡n͢- kfn̵ur̕e҉nalk̷dńf͡ùeranldsan̴f̛ìure͏w͡q̛f҉nmw̧eoq͞i- g̨nk̛d͡fbn̶gi͜r҉es̴bsan̴f̛ìure͏w͡q̛f҉nmw̧eoq͞ir̛fm̸w if͘m̴n͠e̢w͡q͝oi̛cnd҉s̨akl̕fm͘ew͢rqi͝ófn̡ui8w̨q̛m̧dflp͠ne̕fn͞dia͢s҉f͜n͜d͢ḱj҉o̷s̷͏́i҉mviod̷ņh͏f8̶e͝rfeo9w͢m͜n̛fir̢w͞e̕qmf̶k҉ldsan̴f̛ìure͏w͡q̛f҉nmw̧eoq͞ir̛fm̸w if͘m̴n͠e̢w͡q͝it̕r̛n̕ąrgom҉nr͡t҉ia͜j̢nghu̵it̕r̛n̕ąrgla͠mf͠g̡omri͢a͞yhgr̸ea͝n̴ytfkam̷g҉p͠arh̡iu̡tr̴a̕ngaklfk̨g̨nr̷u҉agn͟r̵ael͘kgnfdk҉ag̸nioúr̴tne͡iǫgnr̶ea̶i̵ogb҉nfj͠o̵g͜bn̴ưirnb̕a͝i̕ol͜fn̴g̶fk͞a͡ng̡i̕oa̧r̀g̷n҉nldk͜n̡f͞kd̡omfl͝w͝e̕;fm̵lds̴,f͡jn҉mr͜tfiwem,fds;lw,̶f̸͜Excellent game, a must have, 9̷̢̕͜͡.̨͏̧̡5̴̢̨/10"
,Not Recommended,332200,18173783,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Lag,"Don't like the game, soundtrack doesn't seem to fit any levels, it is way too bright, as if just everything has a nice 5 o clock shadow instead of some athmospheric vibe, in-game enemies are super linear, stick to same thing to do, are too predictable, they are not well thought out, the main character is a boring dude."
,Not Recommended,332200,32842387,Posted: 26 June,all,Plague Doctor,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ed on Mac and has terrible steam controller support. There's basically a high chance you can't get it to run without randomly crashing on mac and if you try to use the steam controller, the configuration is basically impossible unless you jump through a lot of hoops (and those hoops will be pointless if you're on Mac because it crashes my steam constantly.)"
,Not Recommended,332200,19727043,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,TF2 is shit now. SHIT!,"Bunch of garbage about hacking other dimensions to kill your clones or some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Has all the classic metroidvania problems that make them♥♥♥♥♥♥Still though this game is off the ♥♥♥♥ing chain you better get it when it's on sale, LOSER!10/10 that remote drone is the most kawaii neko little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ever"
76561197970538611,Not Recommended,332200,25022142,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Westenra,"Oh Axiom Verge, why do I keep falling for games like you? There is little appeal to the metroid-vania style of gameplay outside of the mandatory boss battles and exploration, half of which involves backtracking, and half of that spent ending up in the wrong place anyway.The combat is varied and fun, at first, but quickly becomes tedious when you realize most of the guns are useless, and having to unlock new weapons and items to access new areas is a tired gimmick that has no place in the platforming genre. Mazes might be fun on the backs of children's menus, but not here.And god forbid you put the game down for a few months, because you'll have no idea what you're doing when you finally get back around to it. Axiom Verge is an anxiety-inducing test of your ability to build and maintain mental ladders, and the feeling of reward when you finally figure out what to do next is quickly smothered by the next mandatory task.A shame it couldn't grab me, because the art design is inspired and the storyline quite intriguing."
76561198028544184,Not Recommended,332200,28676465,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,jtkent,Does not have steam controller support for mac.
76561198056095021,Not Recommended,332200,32468063,Posted: 16 June,all,FatalOVERDOSE,"Terrible, horrible excuse for a game. It is really good until you get to the hallucination ""boss fight."" After that the game dives off a ciff.  Nothing but fiddely jumps involving a flawed teleport mechanic, unbelieveably cheap tiny bug enemies that do massive damage and are almost impossible to shoot. You get several weapons, but with the exception of stupid switches to open pathways only two, maybe three are even slightly useful. Hours and several weapon power upgrades later the very first enemies in the game still take multiple shots to kill. Cheap BS does not equal challange, it is a lazy attempt at best. This game sucks."
,Not Recommended,332200,15870507,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Stupid Watergate,"Was expecting something that looked like NES Metroid; not something that played like it. Controls are unresponsive and awkward and there's no dual-stick option, which is ridiculously anachronistic for any side-scrolling shooter released in 2015.Only two bosses in and I'm also thoroughly unimpressed with the boss design. The first boss is just a generic bullet-hell spammer, while the second boss might as well be from a rhythm game. Both follow the formula of getting gradually faster as you tediously chip away at their health 0.5% at a time. The second boss also appeared to be glitched, as ducking under the high bullets only worked about half the time. This meant jumping over the high bullets, which the timing doesn't seem to realistically allow once the boss is at its fastest.Coupled with the damage knockback and maybe only 200ms of immunity after taking damage, there's no recovering after you inevitably get hit. Outside of that boss battle, the knockback also has a tendency to send you through doors and, upon reentering the room you were just kicked out of, the enemy who knocked you back is often sitting on the door and instantly depletes your remaining health.Art is fantastic, soundtrack is pretty decent (although the bass mix is ridiculous, turn down your sub before playing unless you enjoy head-throbbing migraines), and the concept is solid. I just wish its dev had put as much thought in to the game's controls and boss design as he did towards original weapons and powerups. Instead of an homage to the best bits of the NES, this game is currently a slavish recreation of everything that sucked about that era of gaming."
,Not Recommended,332200,15828327,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,2bfx,"First of all, the game crashed after a few seconds every time i would start it. Disabling the Steam in-game overlay and setting launcher option -force-opengl helped. This would be somewhat acceptable in early access, but having to debug a fully released game for 20$ is just embarrassing. The log4net config is broken, too, so the log files are empty and don't give any hint.I will compare to Super Metroid, because Axiom Verge is such a blatant clone of it.The game itself:+ good mechanics+ clever weapons and tools+ soundtrack, but not coming close to MetroidCons:- The most important part of Super Metroid: Level design. Levels are really, really boring in Axiom Verge and not atmospheric, with few exceptions. Most of the time, tile colors change.- Plot is clever, but the storytelling is horrible- Exploration feels ... unrewarding (see level design), except for frequent items.Developer should have taken some steps back and consider what aspects made Super Metroid a timeless classic. The actual effort in Axiom Verge is the game engine - it's a good Super Metroid engine.Would buy for 5$ on sale, not worth 20$ at all."
76561198065333060,Not Recommended,332200,16659643,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,ntatton,"I'm sorry but this game costs $19.99 in America and £14.99  in England!£14.99 comes to about $23.59And $19.99 comes to about £12.71Why on earth does it comes more over here! It's not importanting because this is a digital!I'm worry but the person who made this game is charging fair for an indie game. £14.99 is too much for an indie game anyway, I wish I hadn't paid that much in the first place. Go by a game like Cave Story+ it's more worth you money then this game!"
,Not Recommended,332200,15845143,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Freewriter,"The story in this game is lackluster at best and annoying at worst. I played a good amount of it, and was nothing but annoyed and frustrated the entire time.There's little fun to be had here if you don't have a significant amount of patience for a game aping at Metroid, but without all of the actual interesting parts of Metroid. I played and loved all of the Metroid games, this is not that, not even close.Don't believe the hype and wait for a sale. I feel this game is definitely not worth $20, and I'd not find any fun in it even if it were free. There are better free games out there.The game has good art and style, and the way that the character abilities is atypical for the genre, but that doesn't make them good. They're not, they feel mushy and imprecise. The nice art can't make up for bad gameplay."
76561198096739434,Recommended,332200,30398368,Posted: 8 March,all,The Shoss Boss,"This is one of the best Metroidvania games out there, including titles published by major companies. This game was made by just one man, and major props to him, because this is one heck of a game. Anyone who likes Metroidvanias has got to get this game."
76561198039849948,Recommended,332200,21422045,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Eggnog Mk-II,"This game is very good. Let me go over some things that helped me decide to play the game.For a very long time, I haven't played a Metroid game. Not a Metroidvania game, just any Metroid game. When I saw this I instantly thought it wasn't very original from a gameplay stance. However this game isn't just some clone with no personality. Axiom Verge is very different from the rest of its competitors in that it doesn't simply emulate its inspiration, it uses its it as a means to help cement its identity. You play as a scientist, not as some bounty hunter or mercenary, but just as a normal dude. You get thrown into the world of Sudra after an explosion and after very little to no real heavy explanation as to why you are there the game tells you to ""explore"".From a gameplay standpoint the mechanics are solid, and well implemented. The game plays like butter, and it is very challenging. Nothing isn't impossible to overcome, but will take time and persistence. Don't give up.My only complaint is that there are too many weapons in this game that are not very useful. I feel like the oversaturation of weapons made collecting them towards the end of the game more like a chore than a reward. However that is soley my opinion.If you enjoyed Super Metroid, Zero Mission, or Fusion please do yourself a favor and play this game. It is simply fantastic.If you haven't played the former, do so because those games are awesome too."
76561198214662584,Recommended,332200,21418130,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,TangeloPants,I don't really write reviews... I just don't.I love this game so much its hard to explain. I didn't even play the classic metroids.PEW PEW PEW
,Recommended,332200,21418455,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,tamp0n,"Used to play Super Metroid on super nintendo when I was a little kid. It was the first game I ever bothered playing over and over and over and even into the next generation of systems, I'd still boot up the SNES for some metroid play. This is honestly better than super metroid in every way. Obviously a clone of the franchise but done in a unique and fitting way for the 2015-16 audience. My only SINGLE gripe is that it ended too soon. Not saying the game is short on playtime, but that for how fun and lost I got in that world I wished it would last forever. Cannot wait for the next installment."
,Recommended,332200,21357307,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,BestNasusAfrica,Good game overall.+enticing mechanics+backtracking is not boring+items and weapons are really interesting+tons of hidden stuff-some gamepad/control decisions are bad-level design could be better
76561197996717503,Recommended,332200,21433485,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,swmn369,"1) Super awesome indie game, worth the money and several hours of your time it takes to go through it. Satisfying  story, strange and sci-fi-y, good development with not too much diologue. Satisfying length - I don't feel as if I paid money for some short-lived thing with pretty graphics as some indie games can leave you feeling. This is well developed, solidly made and fun to play.2) *SEMI-SPOILER* To those who have beaten the game...I wonder, is it possible to keep one's stats super low and when you reach the part where Trace battles 'himself', kill the automated guy running around on the ground...? Or are the 'boss' guns just too weak? One of those li'l 4th-wall thoughts that passed through my mind.Challenge accepted?"
76561198027713442,Recommended,332200,29499291,Posted: 26 January,all,Scissorman,"Quite possibly the best Metroidvania game to come out in years, Axiom Verge borrows all the right elements from the classics to make one of the funnest and most compelling game experiences.Trace, a scientist from Earth, wakes up on an alien world. Guided by a mysterious presence, he sets off on a long and bizarre journey to save the remaining inhabitants of this dying planet. Axiom Verge's world is enormous, with tons of nooks and crannies to explore, and countless items and tools to acquire. The game's 16-bit art style suits it well, and the many locales of the planet are beautifully detailed. The music is excellent and sets the mood of each area well. From dark, brooding tunes, to adrenaline pumping chiptune techno, it's one of the best retro-style soundtracks I have ever heard. The story is very immersive and always leaves you asking more questions, all the way to it's cryptic ending, which is still discussed and debated to this day.Axiom Verge is worth every cent and every minute of your time. If you love nostalgic indie titles with a deep and intriguing science fiction plot, this game will be your new obsession."
76561198168254517,Recommended,332200,29552455,Posted: 28 January,all,gam3rz3r0,Great Metroidvania. Really makes you think for some of the optional items.
76561198045846357,Recommended,332200,29551079,Posted: 28 January,all,sammylurve64,"First Steam game I've ever bothered to review and there's a reason for that (Y)Pros; MANY- Cool biopunk aesthetic- Really cool and eerie music in some areas- Cool 'mad scientist' style weaponry and items- Challenging gameplay (but not excessively frustrating)- Interesting and unique 'glitch gun' mechanicCons; (a couple)- The writing needs some work. The visuals are enough to make up for it but I think the devs need to hire a professional writer to make the dialogue sound a little more natural (or natural for in-universe anyway)- There's a lot of back and forth exploring which can be quite frustrating. I understand why the devs did it and it's not a game breaker, but a small hint about where you need to go now and then wouldn't go amiss.tldr = not perfect but definitely worth the money, highly recommended <3"
,Recommended,332200,16988397,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Frigjord,"I have played all Metroidvania out there (Afaik) and this is the absolute best game of this genre that i have ever played. It's SO damn perfect, the balance of puzzles, bosses, weapons, abilities and story is breathtaking. Plus, this is the first time i couldn't guess the end of the story."
,Recommended,332200,17008016,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Des,"I highly recommend this title to 1. anyone who enjoyed classic platformers 2. anyone who would like to see how a well made classic platformer looks like.This game combines superb, athmospheric art and music reminiscent of the 8-bit era with most of the best gameplay mechanics and design choices of the platformer genre.If you enjoyed this game, go and grab EXILE."
,Recommended,332200,17037163,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,CybeastID,"............OK, good and bad.Good: It's like MetroidBad: It's like Metroid.To explain, this game seems to have all the sins and virtues of the Metroidvania genre in one convenient package. The game, unlike some others of its ilk (Shovel Knight, for instance) focuses a lot more heavily on the METROID aspect, involving the level design, futuristic world, etc.Problem is, it's a little too similar for its own good. Those long vertical shafts where everything looks the same? Yep.Enemies that are very similar to their Metroid counterparts? We got Rinkas, we got Sidehoppers, we got Shriekbats...yeah, this base is covered.The corruption gun is sorta a unique mechanic...I recommend this game, but just know when I say it's like Metroid in every way, that includes the sins of the genre as well."
,Recommended,332200,17065280,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Sriracha Cupcake,"This is actually one of the best games I've ever played in my life.In my opinion, it's better than any of the metriod games.  It's hard for me to say that, with the love and nostaliga I have for metroid, but this game just mechanically is superior.  Additionally, this game has a better soundtrack and a far, far better story.  Seriously, the story and aesthetic in this game is probably its biggest strongpoint."
,Recommended,332200,17110832,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,EmptyE,Contraninjametroidvaina.
,Recommended,332200,17202272,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,LameLamb,"Mega cool!Wer nur ein bisschen Fan von 2D Action Adventures im Stiel von Metroid ist, muss sich das Spiel umbedingt kaufen.Die Steuerung ist ein Traum -> umbedingt ein Gamepad benutzen!"
,Recommended,332200,15916375,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,illage2,"Original ReviewI've only played 0.6 hours but from what I have played I can make a first impression.If your really into the old school Metroid games then this game is for you.  A lot more forgiving than Metroid as you don't lose all the stuff you collected when you die.  Save rooms function as checkpoints, the death and respawning works more like in Borderlands.Update 2: You also don't loose progress on death either.  So when you beat a boss and die in the sameSeriously give this game a go.  Well worth the £14.99.Update: REVIEW UNCHANGED! and its not an Early Access Survival game either.  Hats off the one of the many decent indie developers on steam.Pros+ Excellent Metroidvania style gameplay+ No handholding.  (No objective indicators etc)+ Feels good to explore+ Top notch soundtrack+ Brilliant Checkpoint system+ Low system requirements+ Supports ControllersCons- Bosses can be pretty tough- Easy to get lost and even stuck in some places requiring starting the game all over again.- Few issues with the controlsOverallThis is an outstanding example of a decent Metroidvania styled game.  In fact its more of a pure Metroid game in that it shares many similarities with the Metroid (NOT PRIME) franchise.While I am usually put off by no hand holding, when I find where I need to go it feels great, that I've done something without being told where to go and exploration is rewarding in its own right.When playing this with a controller I find myself using the right thumb stick to aim which it doesn't it in fact selects a weapon you want to use.  A very minor complaint but something I thought was worth a mention.At the end of the day the question you should ask: Do you like Metroid? If so then GET .... THIS .... GAME!"
,Recommended,332200,16555589,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Avatar,"Other positive reviews say what I want to say, so I'll just add that this game is a steal at $20, its full price. A STEAL. Don't hesitate to grab this one.The soundtrack is for sale, so I'll add a bit: if a soundtrack is amazing, I'll usually grab it (like Terraria, or Monaco, or Super Metroid), but I wasn't a huge fan of this one."
,Recommended,332200,16740645,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Arcade,You like Super Metroid? This game is your freind.You dont' like Super Metroid? ♥♥♥♥ you then this game is great.
76561197963834159,Recommended,332200,16666453,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Immune to Bullets,Do you like Super Metroid?  Then you'll like this.
,Recommended,332200,16672479,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Reiji,"I have never played a Metroid game in my life, but if I did, I would say Axiom Verge plays like a Metroid game.It also takes the concept of data corruption and implements it in a way that's... just perfect. Even when I saw something that I thought shouldn't behave a certain way, it felt justified by the overall game mechanics.And personally, Ukhu was the hardest boss. I beat Athetos on my first try, yet died at least 7 times to that oversized mosquito."
76561198030866835,Recommended,332200,17330717,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Smulch,"Extremely good game with a story that will keep you guessing for a long time, even after the game is over. The music track is incredibly good and gives a very nice ambiance to the game.It's a real blast to play if you enjoy old metroid styled game."
76561197963728385,Recommended,332200,17483539,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Fen,"I'm reviewing this before completing the game, because I've seen enough to know this is a true gem. It channels everything that makes Super Metroid great while adding a completely new story and motivation. All the abilities are familiar without being exact copies. On top of what you might expect, there are a decent number of surprises in terms of your abilities and how old game mechanics are being re-imagined.The graphics are lovingly detailed, although fall short of emulating that lush Nintendo quality. The screenshots speak for themselves though, and you'll see it has it's own style that hits all the right notes.  The theming is excellent, with every new area having a noticable change in palette and temperment of music. It succeeds in bringing back that feeling of anticipation as you move into new or hidden areas. The dread of the boss antichamber room is real.The love-it-or-hate-it staple of a Metroid game is here is spades. The game world feels vast and wants to be explored in full. Revisiting old areas to trunce forgotten nightmares and break new ground where you were once barred is still the name of the game.  The diversity of the creatures and restraint at reusing enviroment textures means every area feels unique and deserves to be revisited.If you want to play an indie retro with some serious meat on it's bones, you've found your game."
76561198217074107,Recommended,332200,18038855,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,ryan.kistler,"Full disclosure: Super Metroid is one of my all-time favorite games. If you're afflicted with a similar bias I can say with almost 100% certainty that you will love this game as much as I did.This is a true 'metroid-vania' style action platformer and as such relies heavily on exploration and item-progression to advance the story. Warning: this isn't a game that will hold your hand and a lot of back tracking and trial and error will be necessary as you traverse the tunnels and corridors looking for a way forward. Thankfully, this isn't much of a chore as the gorgeous 16 bit world has been crafted with loving attention to detail and your entire journey plays out to one of the best video game soundtracks.. full-stop. The weapon system is a blast, combat is entertaining and the item-progression is rewarding and inventful. I love the ability to 'glitch' enemies and environments and found myself constantly experimenting as I progressed.If I had to level a criticism it would be that the story falls absolutely flat, especially near the end as the intrigue and mystery so carefully cultvated in the beginning has all but dissapeared. But that's a small compaint to levie against what is otherwise such a superb game.Bottom line: if you've been looking for a game that would re-kindle your love affair with this long neglected genre look no further. Axiom Verge is a beautifull and charming send up to a classic and stands on it's own one hell of a good time."
76561198032084283,Recommended,332200,17992864,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,SyvernHayden,"Being a long-lasting fan of the NES/SNES/Sega/Portable sidescrolls, this game literally shoves all of what is good from all of them into one-solid-package. I can honestly say that since Super Metroid, the genre unfortunately kind of died for me. Yes, there was Metroid Fusion! I know there was Viewdiful Joe! They were... okay. But they lacked something savvy that the Sakamoto crew just seemed to really grasp that made the original Metroid, and its SNES follow-up so captivating. It was smart, each boss had a format to solve to defeat, the music was abysmal and ambient, and the atmosphere made you feel secluded and distantly alone from everything. It was just Samus, and no one else.Thomas Happ simply nails it with this title; absolutely NAILS it. From the atmosphere, to the music, to the story that validates that distant seclusion (Breach, is about as distant as anyone can possibly get. Sorry, no Spoilers. Find out for yourself :)Thank you for providing this game.If there is indeed a sequel, as rumors online seem to indicate, I will absolutely be there to get it. I thirst for more from this obviously talented Developer.PS: Just to inform, PC User here.Just uh... keep that in mind for the next title, eh? ;}Also, if you happen to make a new title-concept that happens to have the topographic format like the original Zelda, that would be super dope. Just a suggestion. [:"
,Recommended,332200,17941604,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,PariahDog,"Story and ThemeAxiom Verge has a very simplistic but unique storyline, enhanced by the graphical style and music. It is obviously not the kind of game you play for a deep and thrilling story, but it's there nonetheless and it is not entirely trivial. The graphical exposition and music complement the story well, and specifically help in portraying how alien the game world is.Gameplay and ControlsAs a platformer in the 'metroidvania' style the game is well made. Other than a few unique weapons that help you progress into new areas the game doesn't innovate much. It offers a large variety of weapons, although you will likely ignore most as only a handful are really useful. Due to this the feeling of reward is diminished when you find new equipment, because it will not impact your gameplay in most cases. The most important part of a platformer is its controls, and in that department Axiom Verge is flawless.ConclusionPositive: It is a well done and well-themed metroidvania-styled game with excellent graphics complementing the theme well.Negative: It does not innovate upon the genre, and despite having a large variety of weapons to use, they don't feel that useful."
76561198025084492,Recommended,332200,17909627,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,kohumissi,Exceptionally good!
,Recommended,332200,17929349,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Dr. Nick,Cool retro metroidvania game with good music.  Only complaint would be some of the optional secrets are very non-obvious without a guide.  Also the bosses are a joke and not threatening at all.
,Recommended,332200,17924662,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Valignor,"If you love Metroid you have to get this one. Great music, fun weapons, big boss battles with an oddly familiar setting. Plots a mess but the guns, the guns!"
,Recommended,332200,30533172,Posted: 15 March,all,shattered niño,"this game is perfect for those who are no acquainted to metroidvania, i have never played one but after a few hours in this game it makes me wanna try the other games from the same kind, when a kid i played metroid for an little amount of time like 10 minutes, and this game, man this game IS metroid but with your own orginal concept. But what really holds me in this game is the boss battles, dude i love these particular moments, the bosses are super fun to fight that every time that i beat one, the felling of acomplishment always came with the will to defeat them again.I stil din't finish the game yet but what i can tell about the story is that is simple but realy intresting, well all that i can say to you, is to buy this game, it's great and you are going to have good moments playing it."
,Recommended,332200,17434532,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,ＶＡＰＯＲＳＯＵＬＳ,"If you enjoyed playing Metroid, Contra, and Castlevania as a kid, you'll enjoy this game."
76561198004453394,Recommended,332200,16800091,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Mr Murkle,"So I finally completed Axiom Verge for the first time, after just under 20 hours, and only when the end credits rolled did I find out a very important bit of information.  Turns out, the entire game was made by one man, Thomas Happ.Tom, you did a fantastic job!If you like metroidvania games, you will like this a lot.  I got a bit lost twice, and the last two bosses are tough as nails.  Aside from that the difficulty ramps up gradually as you go, and there is loads of places to explore and things to find.  The soundtrack is awesome as is the artwork.  The controls are fairly solid, with the only real gripe I have being that I kept switching weapons while doing another move because it was tied to the analogue stick buttons and I kept clicking them by accident.I'm really glad I took a chance on this one, and I really look forward to seeing what he makes next.  It is well worth the £15 asking price."
76561198080662201,Recommended,332200,16865770,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,olenananas,"Finally a Metroidvania where the ""metroid"" -part actually matters."
,Recommended,332200,17450990,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,NDROID,"WOW, what an awesome game! :OThis game is just giving me the same sensation I had when I played Metroid Fusion many many years ago.You do yourself a favor and buy it!! ^^It's got everything Metroid Fusion had or even more!Hopefully this will get a sequel!!!!"
,Recommended,332200,17464035,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,KNightKCrawler,"Having fun with this great game, flashback of Super Metroid from two decades ago."
76561198002789672,Recommended,332200,17340942,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Albinon05,"Metroid without Samus, great game, a little bit easy on normal, gigantic bosses, some are too easy, great level design.It only lacks a proper map, item location would be great.A fantastic little game. Highly recommended."
76561198237200266,Recommended,332200,17386976,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,kjub03,This game was everything I was hoping it would be! It had that Metroid feel with a plethera of secrets to search around for. 1st play through for me was 15 hours and I think I will spend about 5 more searching for all of the items so I think the price is on point.
76561198004267617,Recommended,332200,17392897,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Conley,Waiting patiently for Axiom Verge 2.
,Recommended,332200,17514717,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Prasfear,Great stuff!
,Recommended,332200,17516397,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Zoey Solana,"Quite possibly one of the best games I've ever played. A wonderful nod to the once-good Metroid franchise. Axiom Verge takes the retro style of classic Metroid, adds an awesome soundtrack, tons of weapons, and unique powers. This game gets everything right. I highly recommend this to anyone looking for a game with good story, gameplay, and a nice retro feel."
,Recommended,332200,17580627,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,MythicDawn,"beautiful, nostalgic and one INCREDIBLE SOUNDTRACK. there is just something about indie games that keeps me so occupied and this is one of them, with unique boss battles, power ups and environments you will constantly find yourself exploring somewhat lost but also discovering new areas and items.i definitely recommend this game and if you are able to purchase the soundtrack i recommend that as well.i really hope this game has a sequal in the years to come"
76561197968112353,Recommended,332200,16886277,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,kitchen12,Easily one of the best Indie games I have played.  Fantastic job.  Axiom Verge 2?????!?!?!?!? PLEASE!!!!
76561198002435069,Recommended,332200,16888818,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Flex Luthor,"At some point it becomes annoying when one guy makes a game that some consider to be on par with the classic Metroid games and a whole team at Nintendo comes up with Federation Force.-Good atmosphere-Rewarding exploration/combat-Great music-Improves on a few old Metroid gameplay elements (Hub world, map reminder system, LOW HEALTH BEEPING THAT SYNCS UP WITH THE MUSIC)-Dissapointing bosses-Laughable story-The grappling hook is bad-Sideburns (???)8/10"
,Recommended,332200,16895615,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Serra Lear,"It's like the metroid game that Nintendo will not give us. Maybe someday, until then, there is this awesome piece of work. Definitely recommend getting the soundtrack too."
76561198051824958,Recommended,332200,17150486,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,b_random9,"Axiom verge is a good loooking, good sounding and fun game. THe overall room design wuth the enemies often makes it hard to just run through, and often gives a change to use the weapons you collect. The music is great for setting the alien feel to the game. Graphics look somewhere between disturbing and beautiful, which fits the overall tone of the game perfectly. There are times you may get lost, but its nothing you cant fix with a quick google search. Finally, the bosses for the most part are amazing. They each feel and play uique and offer quite a challenge. The only downsides to the game are the endgame is a massive drop in quality, as the final boss dosent even take skill, just spamming and ducking. Also exploring sometimes only rewards u with a health node, not very rewarding. If u dont mind these flaws, the rest of the game is amazing. Even with the problems it is definatly worth the money and time to play."
76561197972359957,Recommended,332200,17136119,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Direfox,Reminds m of the good old days of super metroid and symphony of the night.  It brings its own feel and is much darker though.  I love it.
,Recommended,332200,17128116,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Mazebook,great game
,Recommended,332200,30547843,Posted: 16 March,all,Gunnerman Bill,"One of the most polished, well planned, and intricate indie games I've had the pleasure to sink time into. A definite DO NOT MISS for those who enjoy Metroidvania titles, which I define as ""Side scrolling platformer slasher/shooter where the main goal is to complete the map by exploring and obtaining equipment and powers that improve your ability to get around"". The story is also well written, being filled in by AI beings you come across as you explore. There's even story reasoning for re-spawning at the save point after death. Intricate!XBOX Controllers have full support and input is spot on. I have no issues with the controls in this game and really can't think of much else to say. Stellar all around and easily the best Metroidvania titles to release in years."
76561198130769747,Recommended,332200,30545063,Posted: 16 March,all,paradox,must play !
,Recommended,332200,19404661,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Ranavalona,Did you like Super Metroid? You'll probably like this.
76561198035778779,Recommended,332200,19401315,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Actraiser,"Quick breakdown of Axiom Verge.It's a Metroidvania game. Heavier on the Metroid and less on the 'Vania. It has some pretty great gameplay quirks which helps separate itself from Metroid, though.Oh. I guess if you're addicted to bishie leads from the 'Vania, you won't find that here. This guy looks like Rick Moranis and Adrian Brody had a lovechild who fell into a world inspired by Metroid and Lifeforce.Stellar game. Recommend it 100%."
,Recommended,332200,19466590,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,godkiller,best game for the valueyou have tons to do in this game and the story is awesom.definitly buy this one !!!!
,Recommended,332200,19515618,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Methrael,"Extremely tight controls, genius construction, fascinating story, grow-as-you-go playstyle that doesn't get boring the second time around, retro graphics that actually play into the mechanics ... Cave Story wishes it were this good.  The game even has a place for player character death, that's not something I see frequently."
,Recommended,332200,19536649,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Ghost_Train,"Definite yes.While it looks Metroid inspired, this game is in no way a clone or gimmick.The story is solid and kept me on edge wanting to know the truth aboutwhat happened on this planet and to know who is good or bad.I heard someone say about this game, ""You think you know what is going onor what is going to happen but you don't"" And I agree.I felt more badass with each ability upgrade.The graphics, art style, music, sound fx and gameplay are all a perfect fit inthis game's universe. And what's even more impressive is it was all createdby one person.Stop reading this and play the dang game for yourself already."
76561197967559167,Recommended,332200,19559073,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Robot Vagina,"Do you like Metroid?  If so, buy this.  You won't regret it.  It's the best homage to oldschool Metroidvania I've ever played.The world is huge.  There's always something to discover and back tracking is a pleasure since there is always something new to find along the way.Best game I've played in 2015 for sure."
,Recommended,332200,16228708,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Gicu,I was waiting for game like this one...must have..<3
,Recommended,332200,16228744,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,reaskon,"A true sidescroller in the vain of Metroid and Castlevainia. It should be remembered that this is NOT an rpg or a multiplayer game - if youve played a metroid game for the GBA then you get the picture...Depending on your prefferences a complete campaig lasts 6 - 20 hours, including exploring and collecting the decent number of upgrades and powerups. The upgrades themselves are interesting and intuitive, most being fairly usefull while not being crazy - a remote drone, a grapplehook and so on.Aside from this their are also a BUNCH of weapons, some of which you almost have to pick up, but a lot of which are hidden and require some attention to find. These are mostly varied and unique, tho there are several which are barely useful.The the campaign is story driven, and although you are mostly left to play the game yourself when a cutscene appears it does not break the flow and proves to be both interesting from a story point of view and effective in terms of creating atmosphere (which this game has in buckets and more) and directing your attention in game to the next objective. On top of this, you can collect notes and notices to pad out the world and all its glory.Long story short, a game well worth playing for anyone who enjoyed the early sidescroller/exploration games, or for those looking for an engaging scifi experience."
,Recommended,332200,16219864,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Wakka,"This game was a blast. If you loved Super Metroid, you will love this too, for sure! I must admit, that I was very sceptical about the art style at first, but as further the game progresses it does more and more match the rest of the game. That's because a central element of the game are the glitches which mimic very well the way glitches were back then, this works perfectly with that kind of art style. The music is very thrilling and I also liked that mystery in the story and just the overall atmosphere of the game.The only downside is that in my opinion the player physics are too simple, it's a bit boring if the character does move in a linear fasion without any acceleration or decelleration, but that's just a personal taste. However the thing I really have to complain about ist that grappling hook. It doesn't follow any physical rules at all, it's just a hardcoded progression of 4 or 6 waypoints and it's frustratingly uncontrollable, especially if you have to use it multiple times in a row to get to a platform."
,Recommended,332200,16155746,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Shallot Knight,"The freshest, most interesting Metroidvania-style game since Castlevania: Symphony of the Night.--------------------Pros:-Great Enemy design-Beautiful environments-Maintains a completely original, ominous tone-Huge array of interesting, balanced weapons. There are a few duds, but I found myself changing weapons often to cope with various situations-Tools for navigating the environment are very unique and interesting, with only a few items coving the same role.-Fantastic music. I will probably buy the OST.-Glitching enemies and exploiting their glitches is extremely satisfying.-Hard mode and speed-run mode give replayability to a genre that usually lacks it.Mehs:-Level design is not on par with Metroid games, probably on par with Castevania games though. The game spends most of its time hiding items and less making areas difficult or interesting to transverse.-Many secret items and areas feel gimmicky or seem to require prior knowledge to get to. Metroid games were good at giving appropriate visual clues to make a player stop and give an area a second look, whereupon Axiom Verge seems to take delight in hiding things in areas you would never think to look. This fine a couple of times, but it you rely on it too much, the player spends all their time drilling walls looking for secrets. I feel the game would have benefited greatly from some sort of ""X-Ray Scope"" equivalent from Super Metroid.-The story is different and interesting, and hints at something greater going on.... but then never delivers. It may be the intention of the developer to keep the story vague, but as a player I was invested in the world and wanted to find out more about it.Cons:-Bosses are usually just meat shields with one gimmick that is predictable. I was hoping for more fights that forced me to rethink my strategy, glitch the boss or spawned mobs, or use weapons that I normally wouldn't. The bosses aren’t terrible, but next to how creative the rest of the game is, they are surprisingly old-school and do not take advantage of the tools that the player amasses throughout the game.--------------------All and all this is a fantastic game, and is worth every penny at full price. The fact that Tom Happ developed this by himself is mind boggling, I would love to see what he can do with some help and a bigger budget. If you are a fan of metroidvania games, you are doing yourself and the genre as a whole a disservice by not picking this one up."
,Recommended,332200,16266055,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Hurtz,"I came into Axiom Verge ready to love it and while I did enjoy it I can't categorically recommend it. If you are into old school platformers and challenging combat scenarios, then you'll probably get a lot out of this game. Personally I really enjoyed the exploration aspects, but I found the controls and the combat too clunky. Normally I would be able to look past this, but I found the game frustratingly difficult, especially some of the boss battles, on the Normal difficulty. Unless you are really looking for a challenge, I would recommend going for an easier setting and then hopefully you might get a more enjoyable experience out of the exploration.On the plus side, the art is great and nails the retro style of the Super Metroid era. The music and sound design is also pretty good and meshes well with the visuals.Overall I enjoyed the game, but after beating the end, I was happy to be done with it and had no real drive to 100% the game."
76561198119231547,Recommended,332200,16268479,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,anthony20cali,i like this game. it's fun and was made very well. i only played about 3 hours and i had a dream about it lol xD if you like metroid prime type games GET THIS!!!
,Recommended,332200,16271078,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Mirai,"When you spend like five plus years on one game, this is the kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥you get. It still doesn't have the atmosphere or world-feel of Super Metroid or the sheer depth and sensation of endlessness from Symphony of the Night, but be damned if it ain't rad as hell."
,Recommended,332200,16817090,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,D,"It's rare these days finding a game with this much going on. Even more rare for an indie game to have this much substance. Yet even more impressive is the fact that such a game can exist under the creative eye of a Single Person. All coding, artwork, music handled by a single person with more creative talent than should be possible.I grew up in the NES days and put my time into Batman, Megaman, Bionic Commando, Ninja Gaiden, etc. etc., and this game just Does It Right. Sooo right, down to the 8-bit cinematic sequences, sound effects and difficulty. The art here is Giger-like, bio-mechanical monstrosities with a minimal colour palette for each area. Not NES minimal, but nostalgic nevertheless. Every sound fits so well and is incredibly authentic, without being a knock-off. The stereo digital static that surfaces in certain spots just makes the hair on my neck stand up. Speaking of which, the music isn't anything to scoff at either; it's a beautiful hommage to classic games, but incredibly modern/apocalyptic dark electro. This makes revisiting areas a pleasure, just to hear the amazing songs play again. Trust me, you'll be revisiting places often.There's the obvious Metroid comparisons, albeit with an integrated map system, but it feels completely natural. Hidden areas requiring your newly-found skill power-up begs for exploration of every section of the map. Items and Nodes appear in plain sight, seemingly unobtainable, until you advance enough in the game to wander back and pick it up. The list of weaponry is Huge as well, breaking up any monotony and providing a depth of strategy to the R-Type-esque bosses, and overall use of different weapons vs. different enemies. I highly suggest using a gamepad, it's really fluid and organic, although remembering the weapon icons is a little tough.Bottom line is that Axiom Verge is well worth your time, even if you get 'stuck': you can always come back and dig a little deeper. There will always be that corner of the map not filled in, taunting you to run 'n gun your way over to it to see what's up. There are images and moments in this game that are absolutely classic experiences. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,332200,16827811,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Mr. H,"Disclaimer:  I grew up on the Metroid and Castlevania games.  The original Metroid is probably one of my top 5 favorite gaming experiences of my life.  So this game was basically made for people like me.Somebody on Metacritic described it best:  This game is 'Retro Gaming Ecstasy'.  Challenging gameplay, with no real hand-holding and a large focus on exploration.  You'll do a lot of backtracking - as you'll find rooms where you will encounter insurmountable obstacles, only to later find an item which allows you to explore it - a classic feature of the 'Metroidvania' genre which I love.  Really fluid, tight controls - those who grew up on NES/SNES platformers will feel right at home here.  Diverse weapon selection and there are very few parts of the game that force you to use one weapon over another - you can choose which is best for your playstyle.  As you get deeper into the game (without spoiiling too much) there are a bevy of movement options at your disposal which adds to the experience greatly.There are also a number of large,classic 16-bit style boss fights in the game.  The early ones are fairly trivial - the ones in the latter half of the game are fairly challenging and you will feel accomplished when you defeat them.   (Note this was only on Normal - I did not play on Hard - yet)The only real frustration I had with my playthrough was going off to explore another area, forgetting to find a save location, dying, and then being reset to my last location, which might have been a long way away.  This only happened a couple of times, and I learned quickly to find a save spot while exploring!Now that I am done, I am motivated to go back and see if I can do it faster, via the game's built in 'speedrun mode', which disables the story popups and slowdowns.  Very cool feature and a nice nod to the speedrunning community.Highly recommended.  It's well worth $20."
76561197987130773,Recommended,332200,16479897,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Sexy Pud'n,"Pros- Solid gameplay with plenty of items/wrapons- Plenty of exploration, and rewards- Good story- Good background music/sounds very similar to Metroid- Amazing atmosphereCons- I don't say this often, but way too many weapons.  20+ weapons is just too much to handle. Most of the time, I generally cycled between 2-3 weapons. Some of the weapons also felt so similar to others, I really didn't bother using them most of the time. Reducing the number of weapons, and increasing their unique interactions with the environment would have added a lot of flexibility in the game (see metroid prime games, fewer weapons, but I felt more attached to the weapons)- Some of the enemies and areas feel like there's a cheap shot. By the end, I made a habbit of running my drone through each room before I walked through to keep from getting sneak attacked by the burrowed- Most of the bosses were too easy. The only bosses I had a hard time with were Uruku (for some reason, I couldn't get it through my head to shoot the mouth after clearing the other parts) and Ukhu. Giving the bosses more varied attack patters and behaviors would have made them much more engaging for the whole fight, rather than the first half where the patterns were memorized.SummaryDon't take the cons as a ""don't play."" These are just things I felt the game could have done a little better. Overall, I thought  this was a fantastic game beginning to end, and I am excited for axiom verge. The gameplay, music, and art style were all so reminiscent of the old days exploring dungeons in Metroid. Not only does it capture the styles of the old game, but it builds upon it with even more interesting zones. The story is very well paced, leaving me always looking forward to getting to the next area and seeing how things progressed.OverallVery solid indie title that was incredibly fun to play"
,Recommended,332200,16485471,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Vile,"This game rules.It's as good as it looks; very Super Metroid, very David Cronenberg."
,Recommended,332200,16454129,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Genstein,"The first metroidvania I've consciously played, and for me, it's brilliant. Just kept drawing me back in. The only drawbacks I'd highlight are repeated backtracking, sometimes for hours, though this is part of the charm of the metroidvania; and that one point in the game where everyone in the universe has gotten stuck, which is unsporting and counterintuitive but simple to solve once you know how. I'd conjecture you'd need to be a fan of at least some action-exploration 8 and/or 16 bit games to enjoy it, and you need patience, memory, a small amount of creativity and a smattering of the twitch-gamer about you, though not in crisis situations. Boss fights are fair and balanced. Amazing work for a single developer. Best indie title I've purchased in an age, and I buy a good few. Looking forward to replaying it in a few months once my memories of the best routes through have faded. Recommended."
76561198069936487,Recommended,332200,17915975,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,/SolidSnack\,i didint play it for long but the time i did play it it was ♥♥♥♥ing magical. reminds me so much of Metroid9000/10
,Recommended,332200,16745401,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,H7,"Excellent design, controls & gameplay with extreme attention to details.A very well done Metroidvania type game."
76561197974412104,Recommended,332200,16752812,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Waffledog,"A love letter to pre-1995 2D exporation games and a blast to play though. It's easy to dismiss Axiom Verge as a clone, but the game has enough unique twists that could give any bounty hunter a run for their money. Axiom's main feature is a throwback to dusty catridge games where the graphics would get scrabled or players could force themselves into places the game wasn't programmed for them to go. The game actually incorporates these glitches into the gameplay; the hero has the ability to zip through walls, make tiles appear and disappear and scramble enemies into other forms. You may even find randomly placed secret areas unique to your save file that are a blast to seek out and discover. Aside from a few late-game issues (the map doesn't keep track of where you found items, just whether you've found everything or not) Axiom Verge is a solid game start to finish!"
76561198035055916,Recommended,332200,16850633,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Sics Heksis,"A worthy and fantastic homage to the 8 and (in particular) 16 bit Metroid games. Im four days out from finishing this game and the songs are still playing in my head.  In 30-some odd years of gaming I have never before felt the urge to listen to a game soundtrack outside of its game. I'm delighted to see it's for sale, and I'm truly disappointed to see it costs much as it does."
76561197995774843,Recommended,332200,16433210,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Yamigata,"You've probably already heard all the ""Metroid-clone"" comments in regards to this game, but to be honest I really didn't feel like I was playing a Metroid game. It honestly felt a bit more like what Half Life would be as a side-scroll adventure. There's a LOT to discover in this game, and quite a bit of it can be tricky without using Google (at least, it was for me). The story, environments, and creatures are all very bizarre, but in a way I found interesting. A lot of it is told through notes that are hidden around the game's world, and some of it could possibly be a bit of a challenge to grasp. There was more than once I would read a note I had found, and then say ""So... science and♥♥♥♥♥♥""Pros:Good, tight controls (mostly, see cons)Music is fantasticGorgeous pixel art, if you're into that sort of thing (which I am)Interesting, thought-provoking story (mostly, see cons)Lots of neat weapons and toolsLots of hidden things to findBoss fights were fun (mostly, see cons)Cons:One particular tool obtained later in the game tends to activate by accident very easilySome of the guns lost their usefulness later in the game. Others never seemed to have any.Story is inconclusive and barely explains itselfFinal boss was a bit disappointing compared to the othersPersonally the cons do little to keep me from loving this game. If you like what you see and hear in the videos, then you'll probably like it."
,Recommended,332200,16189945,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,ForgetfulHitman,Axiom Verge is amazing!!! I feel like a little kid again playing Super Metroid!!! :D
,Recommended,332200,16180617,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,taronin,"This is an amazing game!  It plays like a sequel to Super Metroid from a universe where 3D games never happened, except that it manages to set up an almost completely distinct set of power-ups that work in subtly different ways from the standard Metroid loadout.  The game has the same great sense of exploration and discovery as the best games in the Metroid series, but is a bit more modern and forgiving in some ways (for example, you keep your power-ups and explored map tiles if you die).One interesting divergence is that it provides a ton of optional weapons.  These mostly don't unlock new progress through the game, but many prove very useful in certain situations.  Clever weapon selection can completely change the difficulty of some of the boss fights, for example.  There are almost *too* many; in my time with the game I've barely touched at least three or four.This game is one of my best recent buys, and easily one of the best PC ""Metroidvania""-type games out there.  Worth every penny!"
,Recommended,332200,16180622,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,~freedom~fries~,"A true gem. Returning me to memories of ancient Nintendo games, Metroid, and a the side scrollers that once were.Don't underestimate that either. The hidden area, gun and body upgrades that made those games so great Axiom Verge has further refined. It will have you constantly guessing and seeking its hidden treasures, but search well as they are well hidden.It's cumbersome to play on a keyboard and much more natural on a controller, but all said and done I beat it on its hard mode on a keyboard, so don't let that dissuade you from playing.If you love the greats of the past, or even if not, this game is a treasure for times present and I hope it inspires more of it's like to come."
,Recommended,332200,16164439,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Dachartach,"Not going to sugarcoat it, this game is pretty awesome. Nice, slick, Metroidvania. It'll definitel help to hold us over until Igarishii's Bloodstained hits. This game has tight controls, deceptively linear play, and all the constantly expanding possibilities of the subgenre. It can sometimes be difficult to know where to go next, but the game does give you an option to place reminders on the map. Whenever you pick up new powers, uou often know where to go next. There are quite a few weapons, some of more dubious efficiency than others. As far as i can tell, most of them do the same amount of damage. The story is interesting, but mostly optional. There are notes scattered around, and you can find and translate them if you wish, or just skip them and the conversations. It is ell worth the price for 12 hours or so of Metroid, probably more if you go back trying to get some of the completionist achievements."
,Recommended,332200,16340721,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Galactic Tomahawk,"It seems a little expensive for a retro metroidvania platformer, but once you see just how good it looks, sounds and plays in person you'll understand how incredibly worth it this game is.I'm still pretty early in the game but I can't recommend it enough so far."
76561198070972197,Recommended,332200,16341847,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,mpoirier313,"As a big fan of the Metroid series, I had a good amount of hype going into this game. I'm happy to say it lived up to it and more. The gameplay is a lot of fun and the difficulty curve was just right for me."
76561198043952282,Recommended,332200,16346592,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Smilecythe,"It's so much like Metroid that I was convinced the entirety of my play through that I was playing a genuine NES/SNES Metroid. I'd go as far as say it's even better than Metroid. It has a clever way of copying stuff from Metroid while keeping the dynamics new and fresh. For example, instead of morph balling through narrow cracks, you drive a remote drone and later on in the game you get an ability to teleport where your drone is. This allows you to navigate to places that the drone couldnt reach, inside areas where you could not get in without the drone in the first place.. If you ♥♥♥♥ers know how Metroids play like at all, you know what I'm talking about. Just play it damnit and enjoy the eerie music."
,Recommended,332200,16070080,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Paris,"I....I can't....even.....Ok i have not had this much fun and addiction to a game of this style since the legendary Super Metroid.controls=very tight.weapons= varied and most are optionalvisuals= fantastic subtle mix of new tech in an older style. each defeated boss has a MASSIVE shower of particlesgameplay= ideal! the perfect amount of getting gear, boss fights and back tracking, in order to explore new areasif you loved Super metroid (or the more recent but rather easy shadow complex on 360) this game is for you."
,Recommended,332200,16070809,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,The Grapist,"The game is very challenging, on normal expect to die roughly 50 times+ before you beat it. Aside from the annoying low life sound the game is a very acceptable metroidvania."
,Recommended,332200,16071478,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Edallical,plays like metroid but that is a good thing though. makes me want to get into that series as well. I like the feeling of discovery and finding new items to get me though. very well done game and great soundtrack and game play you will like it too.
76561198119356873,Recommended,332200,21573730,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,DarthSodius,10/10 would backtrack again.
,Recommended,332200,21577904,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Damp Rice,"Very nostalgic of metroid, very well done. everything felt like it belonged together and the story was interesting without being forced on you."
,Recommended,332200,30717839,Posted: 24 March,all,moon,"I do not write reviews often, but when I do it is for a game that I find quite exceptional.Axiom Verge is a modern classic. The soundtrack is superb, the controls are responsive, and the world is beautiful and haunting. The gameplay is fast, fluid, and challenging. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a tough platformer that takes a classic genre and expands upon it without getting dense."
76561198237595644,Recommended,332200,21576012,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,kEnnyh4,"AXIOM VERGE...The best shi-fi metroidvania NES-style platform game ever made.10/10 in all the aspects of the game.Only one man/genius  but, how much talent...THESE ARE THE DEVS THAT I THINK IS RIGHT TO SUPPORT,(IF YOU CAN) DON'T WAIT THE DISCOUNT AND BUY THIS MASTERPIECE TODAY."
,Recommended,332200,21538927,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,fang,just when i thought i ran out of metroid to play
76561198027160202,Recommended,332200,21590562,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,littlejayleno,"From the moment you hit the start button for the first time and the 80's techno track hits your ears (play with 7.1 headphones, you'll thank me) and the sci-fi mystery begins to unfold, your hooked.  It combines elements of Mega Man, Castlevania Symphony of the Night and Super Metroid into a mentally ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic experience that I have not fealt in a long time.   This game brings everything to the table that the 80's babies grew up with in terms of gaming.  The controls are tight and intuitive, the weapons and tools are unique and diverse.  You will use everything the game gives you to beat it.  The boss battles are fun and turn into bullet hell battles as you damage the enemy.  Each boss has it's own unique fight involved in beating it and that point brings me to this point.  The game gives you just enough to know how to play but the game itself teaches you how it wants to be played just by playing.  This is something that gaming has been missing all to often lately.  Most games now a days hold your hand with tutorials explainig every single aspect or you get railroaded into a graphic novel with way to deviate and explore.  This game is all about exploring and backtracking.  If you have played many a metroidvania game this will be complete second nature to you.  The assets are clean and retro harkening back to Metroid on the NES, yet are unique to themselves.  The game gives a constant feeling of being alone in an alien atmosphere with the constant feeling of danger.  The enemies will mess your face up if you don't pay attention and employ some fancy footwork.  This game is such an original in the sense of story and music.  Oh the music!  The tracks are out of this world!  You are absorbed into the game intantly.  I could go on and on about what makes this game a masterpiece but my words wont do the justice of you actually playing it and experiencing it for yourself.  Buy this game, no BS just a great game well worth every penny."
76561197993270833,Recommended,332200,21657123,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Max80-7,"Metroid Prime sounds REAL good right now, doesn't it?Rating: 7 out of 10, the game nails the look and feel of the NES age, especially with its atmospheric environment and sound design. But the repetative levels, irritating combat, and downright infuriating exploration mechanics stop it from becoming the true successor to its inspiration. Then again, I wasn't a fan of the original Metroid game, so go figure..."
,Recommended,332200,20580229,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,mitternachtgoblin,"In the Beginning Axiom Verge is almost a clone of the GameBoyAdvance-Metroid series.But a good clone, to be honest.Later in the game its getting very unique and you aresatisfied in every way!Theres alot of bad Pixelgames nowadays, let me assure you: this one is great!"
76561198151828402,Recommended,332200,21556819,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,The Banana Man,"Honesty, i didn't really get a kick out of this game at first. However, after i started playing and getting through challenges, it started to get very interesting. Like really. This game is really cool and fun, and i would reccomend it to anyone who likes exploration and fighting lots of unique bosses."
,Recommended,332200,21556186,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,JÄKEN,"One of the most amazing metroidvania games I have ever played. The story, music, and gameplay are all perfect. It is truly extraordinary that this is the work of one human... DEMON?"
76561198108491025,Recommended,332200,21844433,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,theman,One guy designed and programmed this entire game...  :o
76561197968309638,Recommended,332200,21805305,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,bjackowski,"I'm a jonny-come-lately to this game.  Three weeks ago, I never knew it existed.  It was a Steam recommendation as 'similar' to other games I play.That couldn't be more wrong though.  Something about this game pulls me in like no other.  It's like nothing else in my game library.  I won't bother trying to review the game here, it's been done many times more eliquently by others.  Suffice to say the praise for the game is well deserved.Cannot get enough of this game, I've even boughten the PS4 version hearing news on twitter that the Vita version is about to drop soon.I hope sometime in the next few years (sooner?) there is a continuation of some fashin to this game.  Even if there never ends up being one, this is still one hell of a stand-alone game.  If not, I sincerely hope that effort gets put into either an Android or iOS port... how cool would that be?!"
76561198097847792,Recommended,332200,21843747,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Nullshock78,"Space. Bass. Robot Face.If you enjoyed Super Metroid, this game will caress your eyes, ears, and mind with something that just feels.. right.Thirty seconds in, I was completely immersed.The only thing that bugged me was the lasers right before the end boss.Otherwise, it's the best games I've played the last few years."
76561198231218888,Recommended,332200,21693638,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,DJliammack,Axiom Verge is a very enjoyable game inspired by games like metroid with good artstyle and great game play
,Recommended,332200,21727494,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Amateus,A truely heartfelt Metrodvania experience. If you are a big fan of oldschool Metroid games then you NEED to get this.
76561198040460829,Recommended,332200,21724163,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,evantracy23,"Sometimes a game like this comes along that make you remember that like Beowulf the oldest tales are the best, and we cannot help but keep telling them. And for those of us lucky enough to have been around in the early NES days, when a true classic is reworked into something new and relevant IN OUR LIFETIME! We must remeber to be humble, for we are still living in fresh footsteps of genius."
76561198006556070,Recommended,332200,21722695,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,exodus747,This game is amazingit is the best super nintendo game (n)ever madeif you like super medroid and want something to scatch that itch you found your game right here
76561198007194126,Recommended,332200,21698185,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,chaoskitsune,"Really good metroidvania game.Saw agdq speedrun(which spoiled minimal amount of story) and decided to pick it up.The weapons are interesting though you're bound to stick to a few.  The tools are almost all useful throughout the game.  LOTS of stuff to pickup for upgrades and notes, be prepared to scour everything when you have the third coat."
,Recommended,332200,21850427,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Sausage Parade,Highly recommend this game
,Recommended,332200,21999530,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,ChronoLloyd,If you like games like Metroid and Castlevania you will definitely find yourself enjoying this gameThe only downside of this game is that you get lost a lot like the classic Metroid games.
,Recommended,332200,19886409,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,mr_daemon,"What a fantastic adventure. I went in expecting an average metroidvania but the world and feeling of ""oh man what happened here? What is this place?"" made me feel 14 again. Outstanding art direction, catchy music, great mechanics, great feeling of exploration.A few minutes in, you think you have the game figured out, that you know basically how this will go. And honestly that was fine with me -- but then the game adds a really interesting twist that adds an entirely new dimension to the game, making it feel fresh. And then you discover a Secret Level using said mechanics and it's amazing.It's really fantastic and the work of a single dude. You can really feel the love that guy poured into this game over the years.If you'd like a really good metroidvania with the Actual Quality of the classics, and an amazing twist, I wholeheartedly recommend this game."
,Recommended,332200,20034147,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Athetos,Pretty good Super Metroid-like game.
76561198125676675,Recommended,332200,20032644,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,LordFite,"I believe that this game is second on my list of favorite games that I have played this year behind Fallout 4 (One of my favorite franchises).  I bought this game when it first came out and played 20 minutes of it.  About 6 months later for some reason I found myself starting a new game and playing it.  I am now 11 hours into the story and I am completely blown away.  I am huge on games stories.  Not only does this remind me of my childhood playing SNES but this game is so awesome.  The bosses are like none I have ever seen and just when you think you have the story figured out something else happens.  I have not beat the game yet (I believe I am about 65% done) but I will be playing it until I beat it!Gameplay 10/10...gets really challenging especially if you did not find all of the weapons, although you can back track to get them.Story 10/10Soundtrack 10/10  WOWI hope the story leaves room for sequels!!"
76561198025227688,Recommended,332200,20045155,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,icblf,"Very satisfying Metroid-like. The action is exciting in the moment, and the discovery of the secrets hidden throughout kept dragging me in for more."
,Recommended,332200,20041838,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Omar3li,It's Great
76561197992200165,Recommended,332200,19154309,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,crabbee77,"Every time I keep thinking I've found everything, I'm handed a new toy to play with, and end up discovering somewhere new. Simply amazing levels of depth to this take on the classic 8-bit metroid/castlevania-like style, with a great story as an added bonus.Everyone should try this game.  10/10"
,Recommended,332200,20025894,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,overidon,OMG. This game is beyond rad.I'm using a modified SNES controller on PC for this game. I'd recommend rebinding the directional keys for this game and using a program like JoyToKey in order to bind the gamepad to keyboard strokes. Since this game was made with an anolog stick controller in mind a normal 8way directional gamepad may not necessarily register the directional pad correctly at first.The game is very atmospheric like Super Metroid. I don't think it is a clone I'd say it takes a winning gameplay mechanic of powerups and new weapons in order to open new areas. It's an action/adventure metroidvania platformer game with solid music as well. Another thing I like about this game is the reminder system for the map. That was a genius way of rewarding players for early exloration and terrain pounding with the drill :D.-Tyler
,Recommended,332200,20012312,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Lord Dagwood,"Great game! Gets a lot of influence from the Metroid series without actually being Metroid. This is not a clone. You run, jump, shoot, backtrack, find upgrades, but apart from that, it is very different. The upgrades and guns you'll find are very interesting and creative. It sort of recreates that Metroidish feeling of “I can’t get to that area yet, but I bet there’s an item that’ll help me,” but it is not an item that you’d think it’d be. There’s no morph ball, no space jump, no missiles. You instead get a creative tool or ability you wouldn’t expect and because of that, it really captures that first sense of wonder when playing Metroid for the first time.The story is average. The premise is the common, “There is a bad guy, and you are the only one who can help us” with a plot twist or two. The setting is very interesting and unique, but being a unique and complex world, it can be confusing without finding and collecting the in-game notes about it.Axiom Verge was made by one person, and I gotta say I am very well damned impressed this guy created all this. Kudos to you Thomas Happ! This game satisfied my Metroid fix. I wouldn’t say it is better, less than, or equal to Super Metroid, because it is a different, but enjoyable experience. I had lots of fun playing it."
76561198002548985,Recommended,332200,19883372,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,GIJOEGOJOE,"Axiom Verge is a throwback to classic gaming. It takes influences from the best such as metroid, castlevania, and master blaster. Each component of this game just works. The sound design is retro bliss. The game design allthough familiar is still very unique and surprised me quite a bit. Yes this game is difficult but that just makes progression feel earned and respected. I did get stuck quite a few times at various parts of the game, and did have to look to others for help to move forward. All in all this game was exactly the game I felt was missing in my library. And the most impressive part?? It was made entirely by one man!!!!! Incredible!!9.2 out of 10"
76561197971522977,Recommended,332200,19883784,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Arisal,"Do you like Metroid or Castlevania?  Do yourself a favor and get this game now!  Never played either series but you like exploring, collecting power ups, and you like old school platformers?  It might be up your alley.Pros:Awesome soundtrackGreat metroidvania explorationHuge variety of powerups/weaponsBoss fights are fun and actually encourage you to switch weapons based on their patterns.Cons:Some weapons are clearly superior to others.  I felt like once I got the lightning gun nothing else compared.I have played every metroid and castlevania game and found this very enjoyable."
,Recommended,332200,19919491,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Just A Fool,I own Axiom Verge on both PC and PS4 and its simply a fantastic game. I earned the platinum trophy on ps4 and cant wait to do it again on PC!!
,Recommended,332200,19819684,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,JimmyJawa,"Man, this game is so rad. Nintendo need to get it together - other people are doing metroid better!"
,Recommended,332200,19819740,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Krynis,"Great gameplay, reminds me of the early Metroid games, but it has some of the ideas and concepts from later games in the genre, and plenty of original ideas as well and the art and music are also fantastic."
76561198030243599,Recommended,332200,19985604,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Auraflux,"Ah man this got me good. I rarely finish games.. This one I had to finish though.. just to know how it ended.. (and cause its super fun to play) The reviews saying its pretty much Super Metroid are more or less accurate. Very similar in many regards, but different in all the right ways. I'd give it a 9.5/10"
,Recommended,332200,19980635,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,TV's Ray Romano,This game is a great classic metroid style game. After a short intro it drops you right into a sprawling alien environment and leaves you to explore and figure things out. Story is conveyed through short dialogs interspersed throughout and journal pages to find.Music and artstyle build a great atmosphere of solitude.10/10
76561197970270455,Recommended,332200,19955088,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,kRackMoE,great game if you like metroid
,Recommended,332200,19960371,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,djm,"This game is great. it's a postmodern homage to many of the platformers that I've loved in the past, with a solid story and more than enough novelty to make it an original. The last quarter of the game got a little heavy on the backtracking (it would have been great if it were possible to warp between savepoints), but this is a relatively minor gripe and hardly out of keeping for the genre :)"
,Recommended,332200,19984021,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Legendary_Linux,"This was a really fun game. I played it on hard, and it took me about 13 hours to beat.The controls are responsive, the soundtrack is excellent, and the story is pretty decent with a cool twist at the end.The art design is really cool, and the sound effects are spot on.Overall, the game feels really good. Definitely worth picking up.If you're looking for a game to compare this to, Super Metroid is a good one.10/10."
,Recommended,332200,19953254,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Empty,"Great game, worst grappling hook I've ever used in a video game."
76561198066998259,Recommended,332200,19859688,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,joseam84,"A fresh and very original homage to the original Metroid game. I instantly recognized the motifs of the classic game, the tiles, the sounds, but was surprised how it build over it and elevate the concepts of Metroidvania genre making them its own."
76561197993349383,Recommended,332200,21115839,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Marmosette Larynx,"Phenomenal sound design.Really nice visuals.Great nod to classic metroidvanias, specifically Super Metroid (almost too good a nod to Super Metroid)Solid, unpredictable environmental obstacles.Gets a little overly ambitious with it's controls, as late game environments become a little unweildy on the fingers. Still, nice that it is also mechanically challenging, not just figuring out where to go and what gun to use."
76561198031748281,Recommended,332200,21138603,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Thekid,Awesome game. No flaws.
76561197998010441,Recommended,332200,21040471,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,GooseHammer,"I love this game. The soundtrack is fantastic. The atmosphere is unique. The gameplay is fun and challenging, but not so difficult as to make you want to rage quit. There are tons of upgrades to find. I highly reccomended. Wish there were more games like this."
76561197987497898,Recommended,332200,21045186,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,kFrog,"Just finished this game. Very good. If you've ever played (S)NES Metroid, this game is where it's at. Played it on Xbox controller, controls were a little weird but got it down fairly quick (weapon swapping on pad wasn't my favorite). Double tapping on the pad was much easier than stick for me also. Advise using notes on the map to remind yourself where obstacles are that you want to revisit, spent many hours wandering around looking for them before I realized it was a feature.Game: 9.5/10Only gripe I had was the controls on Xbox Controller were awkward at times. Otherwise the game was very solid. Did feel like some of the weapons were kinda useless but that didn't take anything away from the experience for me."
76561197967803170,Recommended,332200,19755001,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,a u r i s,Great game. Big hat tip to 2D Metriod - which I feel are -VERY- great games... So yea I love it.
76561198162385058,Recommended,332200,19758517,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,infrared511,"I really enjoyed this game. It certainly feels like Super Metroid, but is also different enough to feel like it's own game. There really are no instructions on where to go next, but I was able to explore and figure it out without feeling too lost. Maybe three times during the game I was really stumped, but nothing I didn't eventually get. The upgrades and power ups are everywhere, making you feel more powerful fairly consistently, yet never leaving you feeling overpowered. Best part of the entire game is the atmosphere. The game is dark and gritty, which I love. The soundtack however puts this game over the top. While I love soundtracks from other games, this is truly the first one I've ever wanted to have on my phone. From the title screen on, the music is flat out amazing. Incredible job.Overall, Axiom Verge is an amazing game in the spirit of Super Metroid. While the two games share some similarities, Axiom's music, story, and constant discovery make it game all its own. Not only do I recommend this game, but I also recommend Mr. Happ make sequel, if only for the music alone. 9.2/10"
76561197972228588,Recommended,332200,19888132,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,biz,"Excellent Metroidvania with great exploration (9 huge maps, 23 weapons to collect and tons of other stuff), conflict, mystery and a wonderful story."
76561198078367784,Recommended,332200,19941814,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Rosebizzle,"First review ever. In my life on anything. Like ever, not even spoken reviews.I got into the game using a keyboard....hated it.Plugged in my xbox controller and literally cried into my hands tears of excitement and joy as Samus and Alucard were standing over me like force ghosts, whipering into my ear ""Another room!....Another room!"" That total 6 hours was all at once and im not done, not even close.I don't like the 'invicible' sounds, but i love the the sound and visual effects of the lab coat...like reality cant take it, my absolute fave. Yeah, stop reading and get this♥♥♥♥♥♥already!"
76561197970509655,Recommended,332200,19940782,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,megalomaniac,Incredbile game. Beautiful graphics and music. Compelling story and writing. Best game I played in 2015.
,Recommended,332200,19941330,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Quasar Aftershock,"The music in this game is phenomenal. Game play is challenging yet rewarding. There are tons of power ups, interesting puzzles to figure out how to get those power ups. You guys remember the story of goldie locks? Of course you do, The pourage is just right with the amount of storyline this game has, not too much, not too little. If you're looking for a game you can slap your snes controller onto (with some configuring in joy2key) and have a nostyalgic pow wow in your brain, then this game is for you."
,Recommended,332200,19972072,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,"Ave, True to Caesar",More people need to play this
76561198034429403,Recommended,332200,19945335,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,The King of SMEG,"What a special game this is. Axiom Verge is a 2-D sidescrolling action adventure platformer. If you have played games like the classic Metriod games, or classic Castlevania games then you will have an idea of what Axiom Verge is like from a gameplay standpoint. It channels the best of what is now known as the ""Metroidvainia"" sub-genre, that being said, knowing this does not take away from the game's originality when it comes to story and setting.What makes this particular game so special, it that it was painstakingly designed by ONE man over five years! The man's name is Tom Happ and he has taken what so many people love from the ""Metroidvania"" sub-genre and made his own fine tuned, well designed experience.The main character is Trace, a scientist from Earth, and an accident in the lab leads Trace to coming to a scientific epiphany. I won't spoil the story of the game, but lets just say that Trace does't make the best decisions and ends up becoming a powerful villian who ends up almost wiping out an entire race of aliens called the Sudrans.In response, Trace is cloned from an imprint of the real Trace taken before he went mad. It is believed that this clone of Trace may be able to stop the power mad, original version of himself. You play the clone of Trace.The graphics are done in a style that looks very much like an NES game made at the end of that particular console's lifespan, looking as though it uses every ounce of 8-bit processing power the system had available. Of course, there are other graphcal effects that do much more than the NES ever could, but the look and feel of the game very much feels like a great NES game of that era.As for gameplay, the controls are very responsive (I play with a USB Xbox 360 controller) and work very well with a controller. (NOTE: I did not play with the keyboard controls, so I can't speak to how well the game plays in that regard, I suggest playing with a controller, as this game runs amazingly well while using one.)As with any ""Metroidvania"" style game, you are dropped into the world and are able to go where you please, but many areas will be unaccessible to you until you find the right weapon/sub-weapon/powerup. This forces one to explore the very well designed world in order to find the items necessary to progress to other regions of the game.There are a large variety of unique enemies to battle against, and every new region of the world has enemies that are native to that region, keeping the enemy threat interesting and their differing ways of attack keeping the player on their toes.The weapons and powerups you gather along the way help to give you an edge against your enemies in varying ways, and they also serve some sort of function within the world. No weapon or powerup is pointless, all of your weapons can give you an edge in specific situations or against certain enemies and they make fighting the bad guys intuitive and fun.Boss fights are an event, and each boss is different from other bosses in the game, and each presents a different challenge to the player.Like most games in this sub-genre, there are save points littered throughout the game, the save points completely heal your character, and act as a checkpoint if you happen to die.As for the design of the game, it is simply beautiful. The world our hero is dumped into is a strange, alien world filled with weird and dangerous creatures. The environments in many areas look as if they are alive, those that have played games like Metroid, Metroid II: Return of Samus, and Super Metroid will feel the sting of nostalgia, as many of the environments seem to echo the planet Zebes or SR 388.The music and sound design is another high water mark; the music can be moody, and at times creepy and ominous, it gives the game a unique atmosphere that gives Axiom Verge an identity of mystery and discovery. The sounds within the game are fantastic, the sounds of your various weapons make them sound lethal, and the sounds that some of the alien monsters can be unsettling and well...Alien!Personally, I think this is one of the best indy games I have ever played. I am a big fan of games like Metroid, Metroid II: Return of Samus, Super Metroid, Castlevania 1-3, Super Castlevania 4, Symphony of the Night, Rondo of Blood, Bloodlines, and all of the Gameboy Advance Castlevanias (Circle of the Moon, Harmony of Dissonance, Aria of Sorrow). If you are a fan of any of those games, you will absolutely LOVE Axiom Verge.Unique Story, beautiful retro 8-bit inspired graphics, amazing soundtrack and atmosphere, lots of weapons and powerups, and a large intriguing world to explore. Axiom Verge is one of the best games I have played this year, and I look forward to the developer's future projects.My final score for Axiom Verge is a full 10/10.I admit that maybe my fondness for the sub-genre and my nostalgia for the graphical style, and gameplay probably influenced my score. This game is not for everyone, but it is a game that I firmly believe that anyone can enjoy. Since the game is so cheap when it comes to price, I say it is completely worth a purchase."
76561198040740311,Recommended,332200,30487241,Posted: 13 March,all,Phredd Pewter,"An amazing game in terms of atmosphere, with one of the best game soundtracks I've heard. I'd recommend it for that alone.Unfortunately, while I would LOVE to go back for a second, third, fourth playthrough, I can't bring myself to do so because the dash function that much of the game relies upon is tied only to double tapping a direction. This leads to accidentally dashing off edges when you don't mean to and dropped dashes when you REALLY NEED THEM.It couldn't be all that hard for the devs to add an option to change it to a button that makes you dash/teleport in the direction you are holding."
76561197985937123,Recommended,332200,19595531,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Sargon the OK,"This is an excellent Metroid game (no 'vania here), possibly the best since Super Metroid.Exploration is the big winner here (as it should be in a Metroid-like).  The map is a large, sprawling affair, which makes for a huge game with lots of secrets.  For the most part, Axiom Verge defies the concept that collectibles need to be boring incremental boosts.  Gone are the missile packs littered around which expand your supply of already-more-than-you-need missiles.  Collectibles trend towards new weapons, new powers, or lore pick-ups, all of which add more life and variety to the game than just another ammo pack.  Obviously, there are still health and damage upgrades which are useful, albeit less inspiring, but the majority of items feel like they are expanding your toolbox or your immersion in the universe rather than just giving you more of the same thing.On the topic of powerups, you can't talk about Axiom Verge without talking about the late game mobility powerups.  Of course, you ACTUALLY CAN'T talk about the late game mobility powers, because spoilers...  Half the fun is unlocking the new powers, and realizing OH MY GOD, THAT JUST HAPPENED?  I'll just say that they are stupendously satisfying, and they are wonderfully subversive compared to what you think they are going to be.  Let it be known that Axiom Verge has the best not-a-morph-ball EVER.Of course, with all that exploration, sometimes things can get TOO sprawling.  Get ready to backtrack.  A form of fast travel exists, but is unavailable for about the first half of the game and has a limited number of destinations.  The bigger complaint is that the exploration at times feels slightly aimless, as the new places opened up by acquiring a new powerup aren't obvious without good memory (or good notes) or some old fashioned wandering.  Finding the ""right path"" that progresses towards the end is occasionally confusing, and the story is light on explicit directional clues, favoring vague (sometimes barely stated) objectives like ""find the repair drones,"" etc.  To many people this reads like exactly what you want from a Metroid-like, though others may find the meandering slightly irritating.The story is sufficiently strange, and doesn't detract from the exploration, platforming, and combat.  Dialogue is infrequent, with details and extra mysteries revealing themselves with lore item secrets.  There is enough narrative depth to heighten the overall mood of the game, making it more weird and alien, but it generally steps aside to let the action and exploration elements take center stage (which is high praise for a Metroid-like).The game keeps up an old-school exterior in terms of sound design and graphics, and while that means Axiom Verge isn't always ""pretty,"" the game embraces these as features rather than limitations.  The ""glitchiness"" aspects certainly wouldn't work as effectively with a more modern look.  By adhering to these old school limitations for most of the time, the occassions where is does break from this orthodoxy become especially exciting.  When the screen zooms out to show a giant boss sprite, when you get distortion effects from using late-game mobility powers, and when you shoot the (extremely satisfying) Voranj weapon for the first time, there is a rush of surprised joy which wouldn't be as much of a high with a more modern look.While the environment tilesets may be occasionally bland, the sprites (especially the bosses) and the giant-robot-as-tileset Rusalki are awe-inspiring.  The music serves as an effective mood setter for the game, creating a creepy and oppressive atmosphere.  This place really feels like an unfamiliar, hostile, alien world.There are the little things, too, which show so much thought and care in the construction.  For example, the ""low-health beeps"" keep tempo with the background music to make them noticable but not irritating.  The weapon ring UI is the best use of a right analog stick that a 2D platformer could ask for, and ought to be copied by all and sundry.  (You listening, Mega Man?)  These things are nice little touches, and it shows that the creator (a one man team) paid attention to the details.For those of us raised on (raised by?) the NES and SNES, this is the best kind of trip down nostalgia lane.  For those whom these consoles of yore were before your time, consider this your point of entry.  Whole-heartedly recommended."
,Recommended,332200,19686014,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Blackmaker,My only regret is being banished from the world before I could enact revenge on those who wronged me...
,Recommended,332200,19643070,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,g-o-b-j-ä-r-k,gud gejm
76561198196514867,Recommended,332200,19697398,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,angotti81,Masterpiece.  9.5/10
,Recommended,332200,19576057,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Dude Cakes,"This game was so damn awesome! The story, the gameplay, the twist towards the end, I was completely blown away by this game. I would pay full price again and again for this one. If you like the old Super Metroid and Metroid Fusion on GBA, you will for sure love this game."
,Recommended,332200,19594719,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,bwoogie,"Ok ok ok. It's 20$. I wasn't sure if I was willing to shell out that kinda cash... Not sure why it was sucha struggle though when it's common place to spend 60$+ on games these days. But I heard good things about it and went ahead and handed over my wallet. I finished the final boss today after 20 hours of play. *napoleon dynamite voice* That's like 1$ an hour!I still have plenty of stuff to go back and collect, plus replay value is definately there. The story is ok, not really anything spectactular in my opinion, but still solid. Like all of the other reviews say, if you enjoy metroid in the slightest, you'll love AV."
,Recommended,332200,19593729,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Crudoski,Dis very good game
,Recommended,332200,19629687,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Trono555,"Axiom Verge was something I have been wanting for a long time, a proper 2d metroid game. This game was a huge nostalgia trip for me, being a huge metroid fan, but it was still very unique in its own way. The gameplay is very fun and enjoyable, the multitude of guns allows anyone to use their own playstyle, and the upgrades are all fairly unique and fun to play around with. The story is also not that bad in my opinion, using the normal story and logs scattered throughout the world. All in all, it is a very fun metroid styled game, and I would highly suggest it to anyone who has or hasn't played metroid before."
,Recommended,332200,19597616,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Suffer not the anime to uguuuu~,"Not as good as Super Metroid, but the fact that this is even a game that can be compared to it should tell you all you need to know about its quality."
,Recommended,332200,19582027,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,ShoT,I f**KN hate this game...... and by hate i mean i love this game.
,Recommended,332200,19652393,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,eclypticz,"Lamens review:If you're a fan of metroidvania retro games; this one won't let you down!It feels very similar, yet different from the Metroid and SOTN style games in that you never really become THAT godly towards the end. For me that feels a bit dull. The controls aren't quite as fun as, say, Super Metroid, but there are some kind of fun tricks you can do with the right upgrades (has to do with the drone you get). Exploration feels creepy and seclusive. The story is interesting. All in all, it's a good game, but its controls could be more fun (like more clever combat vs metroid 1 style combat and better grappling) and backtracking gets a bit too tedious for me to 100% complete this game. I lose interest in getting everything because almost no weapon makes that big of a difference, and you don't need your life, strength, range, or anything else maxed out to beat the game.I'd say 8/10 for the category of game this is. Not as good as the pioneers of this genre, but it scratches the itch well enough."
76561198004582930,Recommended,332200,19738441,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,SeventhWind,Metroid fan? Cave Story? This is just as unique and amazing as those. Worth the Money.
,Recommended,332200,30387633,Posted: 8 March,all,ForbidAn,"Beat (not 100%) Axiom Verge. Very nice story. I'm disappointed though because I saw the twist coming pretty early and the gameplay didn't live up to the hype. Bosses were either incredibly easy or incredibily frustating and traversing levels felt like a chore more than an adventure often making me have to go through zones I've already been in to see if I had missed something important and not just secrets.There was one particular point that left me pretty annoyed, which was a puzzle that was never hinted at and never used again elsewhere but was required to beat the game (unless there was a skip, Idk)I also didn't like the True ending to the game (I looked it up), but I guess that's because I started to prefer the villain of the game over the protagonist.6/10, Play it, don't use a guide if you don't have to, possibly beat it. Don't bother with 100% unless the game really sticks with you."
,Recommended,332200,30398093,Posted: 8 March,all,Old_Albert,"Very nice metroid-clone, doesn't hold a candle to Environmental Station Alpha tho in my opinion. But that's more of an endorsement of ESA then condemnation of Axiom Verge."
76561198098306471,Recommended,332200,29947126,Posted: 15 February,all,Xavian and Deathgrip,"I find that the best definition of a niche game is a game that has features that would normally be considered faults, but to the intended audience they are perks that make the game or games special. For this game those faults are constant backtracking, secrets that no normal person would be expected to find, and parts of the game which require little more than patience and determination to get through.And I love this game for this. The game rewards exploration, has a host of amazing abilities, catchy music, weird and interesting art, albeit a bit Freudian at times. I only really started playing metroidvania's about september last year, and I wasn't born during the ""golden"" age or the SNES or Playstation, and that shows how good this game is. I have no nostalgia towards that time, and this game is still very strong in my eye's.It has some non-niche faults however, I was constantly dying, but I have sub-par reflexes especially with a keyboard so that is probably more my fault than the game's, and the difficulty is rather inconsistent, going from brutal to easy from zone to zone. There was also a part of the game that gave me motion sickness and where it was near impossible to see the enemies I was fighting, one of the few moments where putting my head down and pushing through didn't feel satifying. As well while there are a lot of fun weapons you will usually find yourself only using 2-3 that are really practical, as most are awesome to watch but pale in comparaision to the high-DPS vanilla shot, the wall ignoring electric shotgun, and the delayed detonation explosive ball to deal with powerfull enemies without getting close to them. All three of which you get in the first two hours of the game."
,Recommended,332200,22308455,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Bear,Axiom Verge finishes pretty weakly but it's style and surprising twists on nostalgia make it worth the price of admission.
,Recommended,332200,27550019,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,716green,"This is by far and without a doubt the closest modern day game to Super Metroid. That's enough said. There are a lot of 'metroidvania, 2d, sidescrolling, action platformers' out there but this isTHEMETROIDVANIA 2D SIDESCROLLING ACTION PLATFORMER. What an incredible game."
76561198064512617,Recommended,332200,27505107,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Alzeron,"Axiom Verge is a metroidvania style game that follows the formula to a T. The game has minimal handholding, letting you explore to your hearts content. It'll often dangle rooms or power ups in areas that seem just out of reach, burning that area in your memory until you come back with that one power up you need to reach it. There's a wide variety of weapons allowing for different strategies for each boss and area or just straight changing up how you play each area. The world is large with plenty of secrets that'll keep most item hunters and speed runners busy."
,Recommended,332200,27518841,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Fedextox [Sr. Sin Sentido],Best indie game in the world.
76561198037336454,Recommended,332200,27898828,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Aeon,Everyone who like Metroidvania games should get this game.This game is more Metroid than Castlevania and definitely feels more like Metroid.
76561198042988763,Recommended,332200,27889924,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,knocfoo,"Good game well worth 20 $ and if u get it on sale, thats golden!!....makes me nostalgic for Metorid"
76561198042282585,Recommended,332200,30961885,Posted: 5 April,all,Antipox,"Probably the most faithful super metroid-like out there. (Well, maybe kind of like a mix of super metroid and the original metroid)If you've played super metroid and thought, ""Hey, I want more of this"", then you'll probably like this game."
,Recommended,332200,27937141,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Le big mast,"rare videogame made by 1 person.. it's a bit difficult and you will get lost eventually, but it's worth it."
76561198077024731,Recommended,332200,24347329,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,cheezeburger9,"This is a must play for anyone who enjoys the metroid series or other sidescroller shooters. Not only is this game really fun, but has an amazing soundtrack and well developed story.10/10 would recommend"
76561198003870650,Recommended,332200,27901633,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,warcrossx,The only good thing about this game is absolutely everything.  Play it!
76561198007958613,Recommended,332200,27977674,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,c10ud,"I can recommend this for fans of Metroidvania games.The difficulty might be a bit rough at first, but you'll get used to it. This is not a game for people who want the next step pointed out for them, since you need to explore and experiment with your abilities to figure out where to go most of the time.I also recommend using a gamepad to play it."
76561198056182435,Recommended,332200,27971771,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Nisekoishi,damn this game is awesome
76561197961649436,Recommended,332200,27962447,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Nachbars Lumpi,Awesome homage to the Metroid franchise. A must-have for all Metroid fans!
,Recommended,332200,27991839,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Gout Claw,10/10 will be coming back again and again for thosesideburns
,Recommended,332200,27703003,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,KarlHatred,"A hidden gem for the fans of the classic 2D Metroid games.It is similar of every aspect: level design, upgrades, puzzles, secrets, exploration, retro graphics & sounds combined with modern effects and a very satisfying character progression. I haven't played with the keyboard but the controls with the gamepad is amazingly responsive.Tip: The game doesn't hold your hand and the beginning might feel frustrating.You give up early - the story ends, you quit the game and believe whatever you want to believe.You find your first tool and weapon - you stay in wonderland, and the game shows you how deep the rabbit hole goes.( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
76561198016977756,Recommended,332200,27638833,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Elite Avon Salesman,This game is the hidden gem of metroidvania i have long been searching for
,Recommended,332200,27719883,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Wrath6647,"If you were afraid that the Metroidvania genre was dead, have no fear for this game is proof that it is alive and well. The gameplay is everything and more than the metroid games I loved as a kid. Some of the puzzles are not incredibly clear and you may seem like you're stuck, but I actually enjoy the lack of hand holding, which resulted in me essentially going in circles for a couple hours looking for something I missed. Lots of hidden items, and enough weapons for multiple games keeps things interesting."
76561197993825008,Recommended,332200,26710055,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Natran,"Feels like a really mature version of metroid.The gameplay is good, but the diagonal shooting is a nightmare.in addition the graphics (pixels) is good looking and the ambience and the music are awsome.Really hard to belive this is the work of one man.The speedrun option and the variaty of weapons give you a lot of ""replayability"".Well worth the price!"
,Recommended,332200,27953429,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Parzival,If you like the classic metroid formula you'll love this game.
76561198059436577,Recommended,332200,27890897,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Nothing,"If you love Metroid, you're gonna love getting lost in this game"
76561198310524328,Recommended,332200,25260241,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,jlwayne818,"Being the NES was my first system I got in 1985, yes I did only get Gyromite with ROB and Duck Hunt, Super Mario Bros had to be purchased separability. Axiom Verge is fun a adventure game of everything I love about games growing up. Axiom Verge is a game that I found that I can relax back and casually play as an adult for hours to unwind my mind. The game has is beautiful and reminds me what I loved playing as a kid.I will be honest that I do not care much for 3-D first person shooters and that I have preference for overhead and 2-D side scrolling games that give me a world to explore rather than a level to complete. If you loved games like Legend of Zelda, Rygar (NES version only), Metroid, Castlevania (the explorer ones like Casltevania 2 or Symphony of the Night) this game gets it right on so many ways."
,Recommended,332200,27487524,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TheSteveO,Amazing side scrolling shooter
76561198001825857,Recommended,332200,27489789,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dr. Frasier Crane,It's visually stunning.  It's hard but not facemelting.   The soundtrack is wonderful.  It's what you want out of a metroidvania.
,Recommended,332200,27488478,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dayfather,I consider Super Metroid to be one finest games ever made. Axiom Verge not only manages to recreate the magic of Super Metroid but in many ways surpass it.
,Recommended,332200,27460261,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lafrus,Great metroidvania.
,Recommended,332200,30928128,Posted: 3 April,all,Scolopendra,"One of my all time favorite games!  The music is so good it's in my Spotify library.  The creepy organic world, the weird mystery of why you're here and what happened to this place, the amazing abilities you gain throughout, all add up to a great homage to classic Metroid games.  I highly recomend this game to any fans of Metroidvanias, sci-fi, horror, platformers, exploration, monsters, or mysterious stories."
76561197969847803,Recommended,332200,27093831,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,#kot-clan | bastardo,"The best retro art design ever. And art means:Music, Graphics, Style."
76561198055624482,Recommended,332200,27362302,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Azi Dahaka,"Do you like Metroid? Do you like platformers? Do you like awesome soundtracks?If you answered no to all of the above, buy Axiom Verge. If you answered yes to any of the above, I assume you already own it."
76561198046540314,Recommended,332200,27432279,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,blinklynx,"Nominated for ""Whoooaaaaaaa, Dude!"" award."
76561198007637652,Recommended,332200,27510806,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lord Gribbles,Very nice. If you like metroidvania this is a must have.
,Recommended,332200,27504446,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SMFluffy,"YA LIKE METROIDVANIAS?YA LIKE STORIES THAT BLOW YOUR MIND (PLATONICALLY)??YA LIKE A TON OF WEAPONS IN YOUR VIDYA GAMES???YA LIKE GAMES YOU CAN START IN FINISH IN ONE WEEKEND IF YOU REALLY WANT TO????well then play this game because it is really really good and i reccomend it highly, it is also a good intro to metroidvania if you've never played/completed one so that's neat."
,Recommended,332200,27504715,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,vecima,Very cool indeed.  For fans of Metroid
76561197970998160,Recommended,332200,27365074,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ZeroFlux,"If you like Metroid, you will love this game. Tip: the music is great so buy the package deal to get the soundtrack at a super cheap price."
76561198000623379,Recommended,332200,27368394,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,nUggEt,One of the best Metroidvania games to come along.
,Recommended,332200,27138825,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,totally_weirdo,"This game is great! One of the best metroidvanias I've ever played. If you liked Metroid and are searching for something similar, you should most definitely get this."
76561197996251871,Recommended,332200,27240387,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TheStickman94,"Axiom Verge comes off as a love letter to classic Metroid games, but it does so many unique things, and it does them so right, that it stands as its own as a fantastic game.The mood of the world is built perfectly with an amazing art style.The combat and weapon systems are fun and satisfying.The movement upgrades do an awesome job of slowly opening the world to you.The story was kind of meh but otherwise this is a fantastic game. Can only recommend."
,Recommended,332200,27232082,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Reivgaar,This game will scratch that Metroid itch that hasn't been scratched since Super Metroid!!
,Recommended,332200,27204704,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hutchison Fairmount ツ,Nice metroidvania with both a classical and a modern feeling.
76561198038460927,Recommended,332200,15871600,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,EnafAequi,"Finished in 13h30 of pure joy, worth every pennyFirst thing first Mr Tom Happ, let me write your name down, so I can make sure not to pass on any of your future projects.This game has it all : music, secrets, bosses, weapons, abilities, ...as many mentioned, in a very metroidy way, in the end I personally got a some nes megaman feeling too.Yet it is very tied to the first impressions, the game get passed that, very quickly, it gets its own identity, and it's brilliant, to me it's already a classic among the greatest.I enjoyed the story, it has still incredible potential, I hope you will build on that.The thing I enjoy the least was the design of some surface areas. The level design is where there is more room to improve in my opinion, but to be honest it's a minor issue.Until next time Tom / Trace / Athetos ..."
76561198025780461,Recommended,332200,27312892,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FrayFray,"They say that Axiom Verge is the result of a fever dream H.R. Geiger had after playing Super Metroid for an entire week. I say, those people are drunk. But it makes you wonder, doesn't it?"
,Recommended,332200,19468955,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,MindfulOcean,"Axiom Verge is an incredible game.  It's heavily inspired by Metroid, so if you are a fan of the Metroid series, get the game now.  Although the influence of Metroid is heavy, the game is completely unique:  the story, characters, art, and music are all excellent.  I think the biggest surprise for me was the story.  The story in this game is strong and compelling, whereas the early Metroid games featured little to no story.Aside from a few rough spots, I feel the difficulty of the game was fair.  You can expect to get 10 - 15 hours of playtime out of your first run.  Enemies in the later areas are more annoying than I would like:  they are hard to hit and drain your health quickly.  Do expect to get stuck on bosses until you learn their patterns (or watch the helpful boss guide on Steam).  There were parts where I got quite lost, and I feel that was more of a problem here than it was in any Metroid game, but it's a fairly minor complaint.Overall, I'd give Axiom Verge a 9.5/10.  There are some frustrating bits, but it's easily the best game I've played in ages."
,Recommended,332200,19526733,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Somethingfishy,"A very high-quality game that takes some inspiration from Metroid, but does it way better. Exploration is rewarding, music is good, the level of difficulty is great."
,Recommended,332200,19470437,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Jewfro,"A fantastic metroidvania game (emphasis on the metroid) that manages to do the genre justice while expanding upon the formula with a few new features. The art is beautiful, and the soundtrack is always spot on. My only complaint is the map is unnecessarily large in some places. Still, it's worth the 20 bucks."
76561198100439658,Recommended,332200,19482420,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Gerald_Tiger,"That a game this big could be developed by only one guy is something really incredible. The game is great, build in a retro-style that remind us games like Metroid or Alien. The game tells a sciencie fiction story that it goes really good with the environment and art. There a lot of collectibles and upgrades that you can do, so it has a lot of replay value. If you like games like Castlevania Symphony of the Night or Metroid, this game won't dissappoint you.10/10"
,Recommended,332200,19523943,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Killra.Stealer,Really great game. If you enjoyed any of the metriod 2D games you will probably enjoy this
76561197970616873,Recommended,332200,22429751,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,tuz,"I really enjoyed this game. It's quite refreshing to play a no-BS 2D platformer once in a while. The first thing you'll notice is how quickly the game boots up or exits! The gameplay is great: fine controls, intriguing story, a lot of exploration and secrets, and an abundant variety in enemies and weapons/abilities. And the music and graphics are simply delightful.Minor critiques: some of the bosses are a bit of a button mashing fest., the password mechanic isn't exactly transparent, and the save system is a bit lenient."
,Recommended,332200,20460674,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,duckhead014,"One of the first games to truly be as good or better as Super Metroid. It's a MetroidVania. It's good. One dude made it? Insane. Highly recommended.It's the kind of game that is so good that when you finish it, you wish it was longer, but also long enough that you are satisfied with the end result, as well."
76561198057539273,Recommended,332200,23876389,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,1337irl,Aw3some metroid-inspired game with great atmospheric graphics and music....
,Recommended,332200,23662255,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Lazurah,"I didn't realize how much I needed another dark sci-fi game about murdering aliens in another dimension until I played it.Thomas Happ is clearly a massive fan of Super Metroid, but Axiom Verge still feels like its own thing; especially the controls. The main character, Trace, doesn't really feel like Samus. It's a riff on Metroid, not a remake. It takes the Giger influences and cranks them to 11, throws in some System Shock, and tops it off with a pulsing 80s synth soundtrack.Taking my time during my first playthrough, it took just under 9 hours. I'm already thinking about playing through again on Hard and/or going for a better item collection percentage and completion time."
76561198045559230,Recommended,332200,23714895,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,hirumared,"Fun Metroidvania. Lots of exploration and a neat story with a good twist. One of the things that sets it apart from other metroid clones is its large selection of guns. You dont really need to find all the gun upgrades to progress, just a handful of them. But there are just a huge amount of guns you can find and just use whichever one you perfer since they all work differently, but do about the same amount of damage. Some are better for boss fights, some better for mass AOE, some good for killing an enemy behind a wall ect. Plus the usualy metroidvania upgrades like grapple hook, higher jumps ect."
76561198309164745,Recommended,332200,23680647,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Onyxsbayne,"Seriously a really fun Metroidvania style game with fun gameplay, great music and challenging bosses.  I spent a long time playing this game, and I would recommend this to anyone out there who's feeling a little Metroid withdrawal."
,Recommended,332200,23595861,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,bread,Classic Metroid/Castlevania style game.Plays great with Steam Controller.Maps utilize weapons/gear you find like this type of game is supposed to.Good soundtrack.Etc. etc. etc.
76561198002101151,Recommended,332200,23601720,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,asoc5,"8/10I will start with the negative first. This game is incredibly time consuming/repetitive while you try and figure out which way to go. You get items that grant you abilities to access different areas of the same parts of the map you were already in. You need to constantly retrace your steps to make sure you have gotten the upgrades needed to advance the plotline. You need to remember where certain areas were that you could not reach before and go back to them. It is a giant effing headache. I realize some people may enjoy this but I don't have the time to mess around doing monotonous tasks, I wish they had an option that showed you your objective on map instead of blindly guessing where to go next.That said this game is very fun to play overall. The control is great, plotline keeps you interested and the graphics aren't bad either considering this is made to resemble an 8bit side scroller."
,Recommended,332200,23729531,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,doublebass120,"Amazing game, awesome soundtrack... I can't think of anything negative to say about this game."
76561198027511532,Recommended,332200,23802306,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,CAPRESE BOY,I wish Nintendo would give this guy the license to Metroid.
,Recommended,332200,23834687,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Railgun #11591,"I'd say the best way to sum this game up is combine the feel of the alien visuals from the orignal Contra with the play style of Super Metroid and you have Axiom Verge.  The game is visually impressive, the music is killer and the game has quite the atmosphere.  The technical aspects like control and such feel pretty polished as well.  I'd say if you grew up on Super Metroid and wanted a successor this is pretty much it."
76561198045721340,Recommended,332200,23818183,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,wylblack,"Wonderful game. Please, more!"
,Recommended,332200,23831264,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Flibedi-floob,"This game is what you get if you put the gameplay of Super Metroid, the music and setting from System Shock, and characters from HR Giger, in a blender.You get an interesting mess.It's a mess because the story is just all over the place.Struggling to make sense of what's going on, you pick up datalogs about priestessess, kings, wars, dimensions, and it's all absolutely random and mostly completely unrelated, and in the end, you are left just as clueless as you began. If the author tried to make sense at all, he failed....but I think that the gameplay makes up for it."
,Recommended,332200,23838481,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,theoreticalfunk,"If you liked the old school 2D Metroid games, this one is for you."
76561198025025375,Recommended,332200,23942164,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,tmacmill,Amazing
76561198180529098,Recommended,332200,23942456,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,chippers,What a super cool game!+++++++
,Recommended,332200,23945986,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,muffin❣,The closes thing to metroid/super metroid you can find today. Great original soundtrack and ambitous gameplay.
,Recommended,332200,23943676,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Irongrave,"If you like Metroid, it's a must buy.It's basically a love letter to Metroid.Amazing soundtrack, great level design, interesting storyline.  Really hoping a sequel gets made."
,Recommended,332200,23945012,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Doki Doki Gonzales,"An excellent little love letter to Super Metroid with just the right balance of combat and exploration, with an exquisite art style that mixes H.R. Giger with NES and SNES era Contra and similar games. It's packed with secrets, has a strange world that hints at just enough backstory that leaves you eager to learn more, and tells a short but fascinating story.The only downside is that there aren't any warp rooms like in IGA's Castlevania games."
,Recommended,332200,23923394,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Tentacle Monster,"I love metoid(vania)s.And it was a shame that we haven't seen another Metroid game in years. A true Metroid....and then Axiom Verge came out.It's THE Metroid we couldn't even dream for.It may as well be the best game in it's genre (i mean, Metroid genre, NOT Metroidvania, because it's a pure Metroid).Axiom Verge has everything that good Metroid game had - deep exploration gameplay, tough and massive boss battles, grim and Giger-ish atmosphere, beautifull soundtrack...And  it has something that Metroid, as long as i remember at least, never had - a good story.I could even say - excellent story that i wanted to know more about.Hell, this game even has cutscenes, and the plot uses not only dialogues between characters to tell the story, but also Notes as well.Though, i have gripes with this game too.At least half of the secrets/puzzles can be found only on accident or total digging through every wall.And even if you know where and what you need to do, sometimes you just can't understand HOW you has to do this.Most of the enemies are annoying as ♥♥♥♥ and pretty hard too, at least in first half of the game.On the contrary, game becomes almost super easy in the second half, considering you've been collecting stuff.And yet, i'm in love with this game.I never been so immersed with Metroid game as i was in Axiom Verge.It's a masterpiece, even if it has some stuff to gripe about.Though, i can't praise it and love it too much.BECAUSE I ♥♥♥♥ING HATE CLIFFHANGERs"
,Recommended,332200,28077123,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Whiskey,Best newly made metrovania I've played to date.
76561198061486505,Recommended,332200,28128623,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,m3tamind,"i have to admit - i had some doubts spending quite a bit of coin for this one, and now i'd say bluntly: i feel like i've paid too little. Axiom Verge excels at every level of it's design.the graphics is superbly set in it's 8-bit setting, while creating disturbingly alien, biomechanical and surprisingly alive world, looking like it was drawn directly from Giger's, or Beksinski's sketchbook. and all of that accompanied by disturbing, and well placed music, increasing feeling of alien, broken world, where everything gone wrong.but it all plaes, when gameplay mechanics kick in. there are many weapons, but surprisingly, those are not the most important part of the game. there are TONS of upgrades, weird artifacts, alternative ways, hidden passages, and even way to HACK REALITY ITSELF. you'll find all the things you'd possibly want to help you find those little secrets game tries to hide - teleportation, drones, grappling hooks... and the best thing is - you won't mind any of the backtracking, so fast you'll be addicted to finding all secrets. and those are really challenging to find, and often require to think outside the box.the only thing i didn't like about this game is it's lack of sequel. seriously. this game is so addicting, i want another one. ant maybe another one. and maybe few more. no - a lot more.final verdict:BUY IT. NOW. then convince all your friends and family members to do so. then make them, to covinceall their friends an family members to do so, and repeat  until every person on the planet played it."
,Recommended,332200,28133071,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,WITIDE,"AbstractAxiom Verge is a beautifully crafted experience that seems to have come into existence as a result of its creator's love for Super Metroid. Yes, that's right, creator is singular! A single individual, Thomas Happ, created all the art, music, story, dialogue, code, and all the other miscellaneous required elements of a game. While I don't think that's something that can be factored into a review necessarily, I will say that I find that incredibly impressive. I find myself inspired!If you enjoyed Super Metroid, you would probably find this a lot of fun. The mechanics are similar in terms of movement, exploration, and progression. It's a truly solid 2d side-scrolling platformer.SynopsisThe game opens to a small sequence featuring a scientist performing an experiment. Something goes wrong, and the building they're in collapses. This scientist is revealed to be the player, as the focus shifts to the same man awakening in an alien room, having been enclosed in an egg-like machine. A voice speaks out to you from an unknown origin, and it names you: ""Trace"".After some initial dialogue, the game sets you loose to complete your initial objectives and get yourself comfortable with how the game operates. As you complete your objectives and explore the dangerous paths from point to point, you'll reveal more about the strangely organic alien world. Are the machines biological, or is the life here machine-based? What are the implications of some of the characters' appearances and motivations? It will be revealed to you in time, as you fight your way through a hostile planet to find your purpose here.Movement & ControlsThe movement of your player is vitally important in a game like this. You need to be able to interface very strongly with the game to accurately control your player and the weapon(s) they may be using to interact with the environment and fight the aggressively hostile enemies. Patience is a virtue here, as with other games like Super Metroid, where being brazen and reckless will result in your quick death. Watching how your foes move and respond and predicting their actions will benefit you greatly.The controls themselves are simple, and very responsive. Once you understand the functions of the inputs, you can often use them to their full potential immediately.Game Mechanics & ProgressionThe progression in this game comes in the form of items and weapons, which I'll refer to jointly as 'tools'. These tools will help you remove enemies blocking your path, eliminate obstacles in your way, and create new weaknesses in the environment and foes for you to exploit more easily. You're offered large areas to explore, but there is one correct route that will yield you a new tool. This new tool will demonstrate its utility to you immediately, and you'll remember an area you thought was impassable. It may no longer be!The first time I played this game, I found it performed exceedingly well at surprising me with new mobility upgrades. I had been mentally noting locations that I might be able to come back to with new tools, but some of the tools so fundamentally changed how I navigate the environments that I was caught by surprise several times and needed to revisit some areas to see if there was a new path present. There often was.Environments, Sound & MusicThe environment created by the developer in this game is excellent. Each zone has a unique feel to it, matching its purpose in the game world, and each room within has a carefully designed atmosphere within the zone.The fact that it was all made by a single person becomes clear over time, as the thematic elements of each zone become unified in the music, tile art, and background art alike. The soundtrack immediately became one of my favorite game soundtracks in recent history, particularly the songs that play whenyou enter the 'temple' areaandin the final climb to the boss. I'm listening to the soundtrack now, actually! And not just because I'm writing this review :)If you, like me, are prone to getting tunnel vision in games like this, where you hyper-focus on the mechanical elements and grow somewhat blind to the actual audiovisual elements presented... I highly encourage you to periodically 'stop and smell the roses' by listening to the music and examining the background art in some of the rooms as you move about. It's worth it!DifficultyAxiom Verge is mechanically challenging. Even on its lower difficulty settings, bosses are not a trivial matter. But, this game is in no way unfair! I find that the distinction between fairness and difficulty is an incredibly important one to make, and while this game may be difficult, it is not unfair. You always have the ability to analyse an enemy and find its weakness. You always have the ability to be patient and careful in your movement to evade incoming attacks. I find that I'm sometimes an impatient gamer, and most of the times I died while fighting enemies in this game, it was purely due to my recklessness, or my greed demanding I take another few shots at the boss before it enters its firing phase.This game has difficulty options present when you start the game. I almost universally select 'Normal' and enjoy a single playthrough at the 'average' difficulty, so I don't drown out the story or environmental elements with the mechanical complexity in a game. After I finished my 'Normal' playthrough of Axiom Verge, though, I immediately went again for a 'Hard' run. I had enjoyed exploring the environment so much in 'Normal' that I had obtained 100% of the tools available. I tried going through in 'Hard' while getting as few tools as possible, and it was a significant challenge initially. I later felt like I had an excellent mastery of the controls as a result.Performance & Technical AspectsTechnically, this game is very solid. I experienced no obvious instances of the game malfunctioning or causing me to lose progress or resources by failure of the medium. Pretty much all errors were mine.I wish to make a special note about this game that may be considered a spoiler. I'll enclose it in spoiler tags here for you to look at later. If you find the game may be malfunctioning in some way or are concerned that your computer is not running it properly,you should be made aware of the fact that it may be intentional. This game will present several effects to the player that seem like traditional glitches or malfunctions in video games, but they are intentionally presented in this game. Unless they're directly impacting your ability to play the game, please persist and see if you can discover what's going on!Performance-wise, I had no problems running it. It's a very graphically simple game with no 3D elements to speak of, as I can recall. I think any relatively modern non-gaming computer could probably run this game with no trouble.ConclusionThis has to be one of my favorite games in my collection. I really enjoyed playing through it not once, but twice, and experiencing the challenges it offered. I thought it was difficult initially, but grew much easier over time as I got used to the play style and the controls.I would highly recommend this game to anybody who had fun with Super Metroid or similar games (Cave Story might apply!). I'm incredibly impressed with Thomas Happ, and very glad he decided to put his time and effort into this experience. Thanks!"
,Recommended,332200,28148775,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Terr,"In a nutshell, if you liked Super Metroid, you'll love this. It's a testament to how much just one developer can create. When I first picked it up, I played for 3 hours until my eyes watered.Pros:* Lovingly crafted old-school aesthetic.* A bunch of neat weapons and mechanics.* Normal difficulty feels well-calibrated.* Each world-zone has it's own background-music which works well even for long periods of time.Cons:* You'll probably want a gamepad. You can play it with a keyboard, but the game is based around two directional pads and 10 buttons that may be hard to manage.* Some weapons fall into the ""cool, but outclassed by this other gun"" category.Spoiler-free Tips:* If you find a small area of a room where your screen gets fuzzy but you can't figure out what it means, take a note of its location for later.* In each zone, you can set two custom waypoints on the map as reminders.* Two dots can appear in the top-left of your map-screen. A purple dot means all the squares are uncovered. A yellow dot means you've acquired all the items in that zone. A nice touch to prevent frustration."
76561198094148664,Recommended,332200,28125899,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,RelentlessBoo,A very fun game that takes some of the best aspects of the metroidvania genre and puts them together to create a fantastic experience.
76561198161273284,Recommended,332200,28113420,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,jdesaw11bravo,"Loved it.  Great atmosphere and music.  Controls are kick♥♥♥♥♥with a controller  (used ps3 controller on pc).    Boss fights were pretty fun.  10/10.   I cant think of anything negative to say except for backtracking, but that was expected."
76561198036943999,Recommended,332200,28115475,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,SamuraiJones,"The graphics and effects of this were truly an inspired throwback to the oldschool consoles... sprites glitching in and out, changing colors... and to build in mechanics that made it part of the game? Oh that's just brilliant.I've yet to find a modern metroidvania game that doesn't seem short and linear compared to the SNES and PS1 era ones, and this is no exception. Still, good game."
,Recommended,332200,28115494,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Loz,"Heavily influenced by the original Metroid but manages to make it unique enough to stand out in its own right.  Clever alternatives to industry standards such as ""double Jump"" keeps the experience unpredictable and exciting.a few of the collectables are very obscure and will likely need a guide but the main story arc was great. 9/10"
,Recommended,332200,28095071,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Hellbuck,"Nintendo took too long to make a real Metroid title, so a hero stepped in to do an even better job. To fellow Metroid fans, Axiom Verge provides as tasteful and nostalgic an experience as it could possibly get. Contains enough deviation and creative design to feel like a brand new Metroid title, and not some knockoff ROMhack. 10/10."
76561198025141370,Recommended,332200,28011284,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,risinguprisingdown,"I am a Metroid player.  Metroid accompanied me through many long, lonely, and desolate hours...until I got a girlfriend.  And then, I often preferred Metroid to her.  I tried to continue the relationship, but the Super Nintendo version wasn't as good as the original, and neither were the Wii versions.Axiom Verge is better than the original.The dev is faithful, while being more complex and more fun.  The dev understands that exploration is a different pursuit than fetch questing.  The dev understands that exploring an alien world is about an immersive mood.  The most pleasing thing is that the game demands a freshness of mind that erodes after long hours of gaming.  When a game is limited to fetch quests, checking boxes, or grinding, you can go all night and make ""progress"".  In Axiom Verge, a tired mind misses the linkages between the protagonist's explanding capabilities and the demands of the in-game environment.OVERWHELMINGLY POSITIVE"
76561197976083259,Recommended,332200,24059151,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Shinji,"Axiom Verge is the world's biggest love letter to Super Metroid (my personal favourite game of all time) and it was all created by one guy. Somehow, Tom Happ has managed to replicate the atmosphere, gameplay and even best the visuals of the SNES classic while also managing an incredible soundtrack... all while maintaining its own originality. It was a absolute joy to play and one of the best games I've played in a very long time.Give Tom Happ all your dollars and play it. You won't regret it. Promise."
76561197995352403,Recommended,332200,28069004,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,WinterMute,"Metroidvania games are my quirk - I can't get enough of them.  This one hit the spot perfectly.  It's like the love child of Super Metroid and Castlevania: Symphony of the Night.  If you like that kind of game, this one is perfect for you - worth it even at full price.  If you don't, it's still an excelent game in its own right, and worth it for a play through if you can get it on sale."
76561198091957237,Recommended,332200,21239597,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,hourglass_studios,"Fun retro platforming! I love pixel style, retro games, and have tried a few based on visuals alone. Axiom Verge did not disappoint. From its creepy atmosphere to its vague and mysterious storyline the game feels like the awesomest sci-fi horror game you never got to play on your SNES.Bottom line: if you're a fan of old school metroidvania with a bit of old school difficulty, Axiom Verge is a game you should definitely pick up.EDIT: After playing several more metroidvania style games recently. This is still one of the best!"
76561198047186196,Recommended,332200,25214984,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,JRDOOM,Great game and great story!!! Super metroid on seroids!!!
76561198068250598,Recommended,332200,25221760,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Otef,Superb. Probably my favourite game from 2015.
76561198165573582,Recommended,332200,24788366,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,elderanev,Awesome game!
76561198069734680,Recommended,332200,25106979,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,SpaceHunter,"Quite possibly the best ""Metroid"" game in over 10 years, Axiom Verge is the closest thing to a proper sequel to Super Metroid we're ever gonna get. Beautiful Spritework, music that is driving and wonderfully atmospheric at the right times, varied environments and weapons with great variety all make Axiom Verge stand out among other 2d indie metroidvanias that litter the market. Most suprisingly the game was made by a Single Developer! If you are a fan of Metroid, Hard Sci Fi or just games in general definitely don't miss this game"
76561197986718736,Recommended,332200,25092094,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Myoglobin 5.0,"Leafy's simple review - #11Axiom verge: the title itself is so good! Metroid? Definitely inspired by it, yet, has its own unique charm that perhaps was a lesser (or closer?) model towards the spacey, sci-fi, surrealistic gameplay and art."
,Recommended,332200,25128903,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Kon,"When people ask me what my favorite Metroid game is, I always say Axiom Verge."
76561198001561883,Recommended,332200,24820450,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,own-age,Hate how Nintendo REFUSES to make an actual Metroid game and instead just keeps making spinoffs? Wish there was a game that was like how Metroid used to be? Axiom Verge has you covered.
,Recommended,332200,25183425,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,NeCornilius,"Probably the best game I've played in years. I am not a fan of Metroid and this game got me hooked. The exploring is definitley the best part, and finding all the guns and secrets."
76561198045835658,Recommended,332200,25297389,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,InCinerator,"Out of the great many platformers on Steam, this one stands as easily one of the best, in my opinion.  Even more surprising is that it ALL--story, graphics, and music included--were done by one man.Pros:-It's got an immersive story that keeps you guessing, even after the end.-There are a great many secrets to find, just like the Metroid games that so many people compare this one to.  Some of these secrets are not only powerups, but also notes that will reveal more of the backstory and possibly help you piece together the story as a whole.-The powerups are original and interesting, remiscent of what you might find in a Metroid game but still they have their own twist to them.Cons:-The keyboard controls take a little bit of getting used to, even with extensive re-mapping.Overall, if you are a fan of the Metroidvania genre, this is a must-have."
,Recommended,332200,26331300,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Gélapine,"﻿Good art. Good music.I also like Super Metroid.And Axiom Verge bases on respect for it, but isn't merely a good imitation.I feel some originality and mystic space behind.If it interests you to explore abandoned facility (factory, power plant, military base, graveyard, etc)and to watch little creature flourishing covertly,this game likely keeps your playing enthusiastic to the last."
,Recommended,332200,30896325,Posted: 2 April,all,Prizma,It took me 9 hours to beat this game and all I got was this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=48R0wHssNVE
76561197991196077,Recommended,332200,25647261,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,WereChicken,"It's a fun metroidvania game, the graphics and general art style will make those of us old enough to remember the NES feel incredibly nostalgic, while still being vibrant and unique enough for you young whipper-snappers to enjoy.The game can feel a bit cheap and frustrating at times. In addition there are certain parts that lock you into a section of the game - which flies in the face of true metroidvania spirit.I would recommend only getting this on sale though, as the full price is a bit steep for what this game is."
76561197969959828,Recommended,332200,25722516,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Stormstrider,Pro: Enjoyable platformer/shooter. Nice variety of weapons and abilities. Lots of secrets to find when exploring.Con: Couple of the bosses in the endgame spewed projectiles in quantities impossible to dodge compared to previous bosses who had more pattern based attacks.
,Recommended,332200,25879818,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Lyceaos,dear god this was amazing and needs a sequal so badly the soundtrack was god teir and it just felt like a perfect metroid game
,Recommended,332200,26120814,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Ruffalo,"It's pretty good, last boss is a bit of a dissapointment. Does pretty well with the steam controller. Fun to find the secrets, which are plentiful. If you don't like to backtrack you will probably get frusrated, it is essential to this game's completion. The other bosses, not the last one, are very challenging and require you to stratigize, you will not beat them on the first try (maybe the first ones) even on normal mode. I liked it, but I dont think it would be for everyone."
76561198013552394,Recommended,332200,25933169,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Pastek,"This game is truly awesome. It is comparable to Super Metroid (of course), but with brand new upgrades, another story (the story is a little more present than in Metroid games, but still stays in background), and more importantly, another atmosphere.It is not perfect, as there is a lot of back-tracking (but you should already enjoy that if you are on this page), the story and character lack personnality, but it definitly worth its price.You can count around 8-12h of game for medium completion, there also is a speedrun mode."
76561197970205339,Recommended,332200,25965624,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Shinikake,For Metroid fans everywhere!
,Recommended,332200,26086432,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Mane Function,"If you missed old-school platformer shooters like Contra and Metroid, this game is definitely for you! Beautiful pixel art graphic, atmospheric soundtrack, tangled storyline, dynamic gameplay, a lot of secrets and dozen weapon types!The main feature of the game is a special weapon allows you to ""glitch"" any enemy, making them weaker, changing behaviour pattern, making them your ally or even allows you to control them!If you want to feels like secret hunter on the alien planet - play it! It's totally worth it!"
76561198060857157,Recommended,332200,27307527,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LeonKennyG,"Axiom Verge is a beautifully crafted action adventure platformer that takes a lot of inspiration from the Metroid franchise while, at the same time, adding it's own unique flare to the genre. Through it's art direction, creature designs and music, the atmosphere is nailed creating an all around stunning experience and a lasting impression on the player. While much of the basic ideas and mechanics from Metroid's gameplay are here, Axiom Verge showcases many of it's own concepts integrating them seamlessly into the game and establishing itself apart. No, this is not a simple rehash of a classic franchise. Axiom Verge is it's own, and it is perhaps the best Metroidvania style game I have ever played. I highly recommend Axiom Verge."
,Recommended,332200,27080331,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Matoking,"Probably the best Metroid game to come out in years.Unlike most of Metroidvania games, Axiom Verge is most clearly influenced by Super Metroid: there is no RPG inspired system of progression where you grow stronger by continuously killing monsters and watching your numbers slowly increase. Instead, your character grows stronger and more versatile by finding tools, weapons and health upgrades scattered around the world, both in plain sight and hidden in the levels. The game is similar to Super Metroid in length, with Axiom Verge taking around 12 hours to beat on my first playthrough.The game does a good job introducing a number of new weapons and tools that only make it more efficient to kill your enemies, but also make it faster to travel around the world. Some of these are inspired by Metroid (a small drone you can remote control) while others are a bit more interesting (a gun that can ""glitch"" enemies, causing their graphics to go nuts,  become vulnerable or start destroying their surroundings, among other effects). There is a nice line of progression to these powerups, giving them more uses as you progress through the game, allowing you to backtrack and find more secrets. There are a few bosses, ranging from smaller ones to ones that fill out the entire screen, giving them nice variety while giving a nice break from the constant exploration every now and then.The game has a story, told with the few cutscenes in the game and log entries you can find scattered in the world. While the story isn't all that groundbreaking, it complements the game's atmosphere without being too overbearing; the game rarely stops your progress with a cutscene and never forces you to go through a certain path or arbitrarily locks places in the game due to not having gotten far enough in the story; the meat of the game is gameplay, and the narrative is really a secondary element rather than the main course.If there is something to criticize here, it's that the regions in the game aren't as memorable as in other similar games, even if the H.R. Giger inspired graphics aren't bad at all.If you've had an itch for a Metroid game, pick this game up. And while you're at it, try out AM2R too."
,Recommended,332200,15924271,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,fartbird,10/10 scratches the Metroid itch extremely well
76561197995871673,Recommended,332200,15924713,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Captain Porpupine Bermharbt,So very. very good.
,Recommended,332200,15924878,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,ChisRift51,"My experiences of the MetroidVania style have been alot more Metroid, and very little 'Vania. This game most certainly nods to the Metroid style of play. You will navigate through the world, gathering power ups and new weapons. Defeat bosses to gain the next big piece of tech that you need to progress to the next few levels (as well as access recently unreachable areas that you have already passed by).One of my favourite parts has to be the disrupter. This allows you to alter reality within the game and effectivley ""glitch"" your enemies into less threatening ones (except bosses.. at least, not in my experience!). There will be sections of the environment itself which you can remove/create with the help of this device. It is a great addition to a gaming style/gaming style whose era is full of unintended glitches, and has more or less become a hobby of most to exploit. Which brings me onto the Speedrun option.I haven't played the Speedrun yet, but the intentional ability to ""Glitch"" within the game makes me very excited with this! There is even an achievement if you successfully complete the game in under 4 hours (quite a long way away from my 14 hours to complete - I was trying to be thorough and enjoy the beautifully tiled worlds and well crafted music).My experience with this game is fantastic! I just need to find the last few items and areas of the map to be completely satisfied with my play. If you loved the original Metroid games (especially Super Metroid; being my favourite); you should definitely give this game a try!Hands down 10/10 from me"
,Recommended,332200,15887411,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,ShinyPants,I finally found the one thing thats better than sliced bread.
,Recommended,332200,15891346,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,sonofmogh,Metroid is back in Indie form. Plays great. I really really really love the music. Fantastic all around. I've been waiting for a new game of this type because it's one of my favorite genres.
76561197971946647,Recommended,332200,15892217,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Defilus,Excellent metroidvania game with some great mechanics and a gritty undertone.
,Recommended,332200,15893344,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Alliedwar,Extremely fun metroidvania style game!
,Recommended,332200,15894977,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,r2rangel,Great !
,Recommended,332200,15931659,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,SinnaBon,"Considering the fact that Axiom Verge is heavily inspired by Metroid already makes it intriguing. As soon as I saw the trailer, I almost immediately bought it ( due to Metroid being one of my most favored Nintendo franchises ).The game is unique, challenging, and most definitely fun to play. I've only played about 2 hours of it, and i'm already addicted to playing through out the entire story and find out what happened to Trace. Speedrun also seems to be a good way to get hooked onto the game.On another note, I like to bring up the old 8-bit style and the old chip-tune beats. Really brings a lot of nostalgia to those who owned a N64 and played games like these. I HIGHLY recommend buying this game if you're looking for a original, platforming, shooter, and amazing game to play."
,Recommended,332200,15932993,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Swordstone,Wonderfully fun jump & shoot in the vein of Cave Story and of course Metroid. Great fun if you're looking for a casual game to play on your off time.
76561197970627324,Recommended,332200,15933534,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,RABID,AWESOME super metroid style game. if you're familiar with that series (and you SHOULD be) you will feel right at home playing this!
,Recommended,332200,15934570,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Trash Hermit,Fantastic game.  Channels the original Metroid & Super Metroid in the best way possible.
76561197974675446,Recommended,332200,15915874,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,madkid,A very good game. The game play is solid and the story is decent. The game does a good job of keeping you intrigued with the world. A good representation of the Metroid style of game play but yet able to find its own identity.
,Recommended,332200,15916808,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Falkreon,"Unbelievable Polish and PlayabilityThis is a really interesting case. I can't even call this a metroidvania; this game is very unabashedly a Metroid. You know this game already. You probably already LOVE this game... but you have no idea how it ends. Even after deciphering all the codes, it's hard to even tell where it began, and with whom. Was it Queen Elizabeth I? Earlier? Later? You might even begin to question which version of yourself you are, or discover you can't account for a few months of time. Finally, as you start to unravel the fabric of reality, you'll start to see meaning in the scanlines themselves, and begin to believe that you aren't even IN the map.I would recommend this enchanting combination of retro glitchiness and cthulian insanity easily, without reservation. Get it now!"
,Recommended,332200,15917542,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,codenamelenny,"This game shouldn't be written off as a metroid clone. It does take from that game series but not just on a superficial level like most games in this genre. The developer, Mike Happ, cleary understood what made Super Metroid a classic and used that as a foundation. The game has creative weapons and a lot of action, which is partly where it differentiates itself, the other part is the story."
76561198017463366,Recommended,332200,15919135,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Mad A. Colt,"Simply put, one of the greatest games of all time. Axiom Verge, I adore you."
76561197978009377,Recommended,332200,15970366,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,RankedDeadLast,"This is the best Super Metroid style game in a long time, much more Metroid than Vania. It gets bonus points for studiously avoiding most of the actual Metroid weapons and mechanics, and for having a lot of totally optional power ups. Not just extra health and such, but many/most of the weapons can be skipped if you're in a hurry. But, if you're taking your time you get rewarded with extra power that works really well for certain enemy setups, including against the bosses.Extra bonus points for running around in a lab coat and bailey.The only thing I can fault it for so far is the gadget on the B button. It's a return from Super Metroid, but it actually feels a lot more like a different classic NES game. One that I didn't like. It's really clunky next to the precise controls you have for everything else."
76561198036350511,Recommended,332200,15990546,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,travismccg,"It's some really good Metroid. Like really, really good.Not Metroid-vania. Just Metroid. Plot is sparse but quite dense. The hidden stuff is well and truly hidden. The powerups are cool, as are at least half of the weapons.Yeah. I'm in a state of pure gaming when playing this. Nothing else exists. Sometimes I forget to eat.10/10 Would recover mindmachines again."
76561198010990356,Recommended,332200,15978933,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Kharn,"I highly recommend this game to any metroid(vania) lovers. Great game, well designed levels, good music and graphics."
,Recommended,332200,15849303,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Bilbro_Swaggins-=FLC=-,"Well this was a mighty find personally for myself, Due to the fact that my entire childhood was Metroid related, this game looked beautiful to my eyes.Everything about this game blew me away, the gameplay, the soundtrack, the compulsiveness to keep on going into the unkown kept me wanting more and more.So whats my review for this game. This game is perfect for anyone wanting some sci-fi retro style gameplay with an amazing soundtrack.On a more serious note....*This game gave me the biggest hard on*"
,Recommended,332200,24777155,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,CannonFodder,"I am ashamed that I was a cheapskate and tried to wait it out until the price dropped more significantly than 20-30%. This game has proven itself to be well worth full price, and I don't think I'm anywhere near finished.* Controls are razor sharp. Fighing the controls doesn't exist. If something went wrong, it's your fault.* Environments are weird and wonderful and disquieting and varied without having to resort to Lovecraftian mythos.* Powerups start out predictable, but then they get interesting. It's good to see there's room for a metroid game with something else in place of the overly-familiar metroid bits.* The music is a work of art on its own. Do yourself a favor and get the bundle with the soundtrack."
,Recommended,332200,24763577,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Sarynderpity,"A fantastic love letter to the metroidvania style games. Wonderful from start to finish. Lots to do, and has replay value. About 8 - 9 hours of play time for a first run. I tried to get everything and still missed a few items and a weapon.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,332200,24781535,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Megafoo,"Loved every minute of it! Epic game with a killer soundtrack. Old school love here boys and girls. Scoop it up if you like Sci Fi, Metroid, and Contra. Play it on hard difficulty even on your first playthrough, normal  is a waste of good suffering."
76561198025347194,Recommended,332200,22923025,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,greenman,"This should have been Metroid!!!No, but with respect, this game is truly an evolution of ""metroid"" - I am SO sick of people and companies going ""Not another Metrovania"" the companies going ""Yep, let's toss $ on another pointless FPS that could build a dozen Castlevania type games plenty of people want...""But this game is amazing with the exploration and dark but very beautiful theme (R.I.P. H.R. Giger!) and the biomechanoid sirens that urge the ""hero"" on."
,Recommended,332200,22362384,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Red,"Excellent in every way. I grew up on Metroid and Super Metroid, and this scratches that itch quite well. The music is wonderful and creates atmosphere for every section of the game. The weapons are varied and interesting, even if a couple are almost useless aside from puzzle-solving. Controls are tight. 8-bit-esque retro styling fits instead of feeling tacked on.Con: Short-ish in playtime; but that seems to almost be the status-quo with these types of games."
,Recommended,332200,22415434,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Dymhsa,"I've only played a few hours of this game so far, mostly exploring and messing around. The gameplay is solid enough that I can easily recommend it for anyone that is a fan of metroidvania style games. I'll likely come back and give some final impressions once I finish the game but I highly doubt anything would take away my recommendation of the game.What really pulls this game together, however, is the amazing soundtrack and delightfully surreal landscapes. There's a lot of variety to be found in the visuals and each new area was a marvelous experience taking in the environment and new enemies. Exploration is definitely the highest mark of Axiom Verge.While the gameplay is solid and holds up, a lot of the unique features (Such as the address disrupter/glitch gun, glitching through walls, etc.) are little more than a novel way to substitute locked doors. I've been told that they're more prominant when searching for some of the more obscure secrets, but as far as shuffling through the story they haven't been more than ways around simplistic roadblocks.Difficulty feels okay for the most part. Environmental difficulty actually feels perfect, but bosses thus far have felt a bit on the easy side. A little more difficulty or ingenuity with the boss attacks would have been welcome, but they aren't an unsatisfying experience - just a fairly generic one."
,Recommended,332200,22439575,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Endothermic Dove,"Incredibly fun metroid-esque game. You play as a physicist who, after dying in a laboratory accident, wakes up inside a strange, egg-like machine. Run around and murder giant crabs by cartridge-tilting you're way to victory. Also, it has linux support.10/10, definetley going to play it a second time."
,Recommended,332200,22839575,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Don Grobione,"When I stumbled over Axium Verge I had my doubts, but the Steam Rieviews were so good and almost everybody praised this as a true Metroidvania game that I bought it and never regrettet it.The story is intruiging and the atmosphere gives you a Super Metroid vibe. This lonly, mysterius and at the same time wonderus feeling while you explore the world. The soundtrack is excellent, it is so damn good that I bought the soundtrack DLC.The only problem I have with this game, is the controll over the grapling hook. It is not realy intuitive and I had problems hitting anything with it. But that is a minor problem. Just buy this game."
,Recommended,332200,15853788,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,kingjoz,superb flashback to late 2d platformers! this plays like metroid on steroids. recommend to everyone who likes it oldschool!
76561198041850249,Recommended,332200,22900281,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,EVIL PIKMIN,"This game is the spiritual succesor of the original Metroid.Great 8 bit graphics and the sounds and music are incredible.If you like games like Metroid, Castlevania Symphony of the night, Cave Story or Shadow Complex you need to buy this game.Recommended to any metroidvania fan."
76561198287836983,Recommended,332200,22629239,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,jwinn001,"I really enjoyed playing this game, it brought back fond memories from when I was younger.  The only negative I could find was that most of the weapons, while creative, were not necessary.  If you like metroidvania style games you'll have fun this one."
76561197983241416,Recommended,332200,30766764,Posted: 26 March,all,Goodtime Goodboy,"The best Metroid game in years. The gradual scaling of player ability is the most satisfying its been in ANY Metroidlike, in my opinion.Tom Happ deserves your support, and this game deserves your time and money!"
76561198010111517,Recommended,332200,20943335,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,TrundleTheGreat,"Great game! It definitely reminds me of my days playing Symphony of the Night. Lots of exploration, unique enemies, and a ton of different weapons to find. I loved the Alien/Giger influence on the art style of the game. Also, this is the first time in a while I've actually felt challenged playing a game. I even had to check on youtube to see how to complete areas and bosses. If you love metriod or castlevania, get this game."
,Recommended,332200,20883072,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,interesting Output,"This game is not a metroidvania. It is a metroid-style game, based on exploring and unlocking content that will help you progress. There are no RPG elements, thus why it isn't a metroidvania. There are tons of secrets. Most of them give you different weapons and upgrades to your stuff.This game is also rather optimised for speedrunning. Fantastic on that aspect -- it was featured in AGDQ 2016, with Tom being there when the game was played. Dedication.The story is quite interesting, and fits well with the thematic. Definitely worth a solid playthrough, even if you miss a few things, then to get ALL THE THINGS, and uncover ALL THE MAP. Replayability is solid.The controls are a little flunky at first but once you get used to them you're gold. You can also remap the controls. This doesn't affect my decision but it's nice to point out.Overall, well worth the money. Allow maybe 6 hours for full initial absorption. You'll be impressed, too."
76561197989659594,Recommended,332200,20795851,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,NoChillAllShill,Big crunchy mind♥♥♥♥y metroidy game. 200/200 missiles.
76561198057413802,Recommended,332200,20879529,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Mizo,"Great game, gameplay, story, and mechanics - would have like the story to continue a bit further, and fast travel!This game has some great elements.  It's basically a metroid clone but with all the changes and improvements in gameplay that have come with multiple iterations both in Metroid and Castlevania, but then with nuances all it's own which other games would do well to emulate.  The platforming, puzzles, and progression are really solid, and if you want a challenge I would recommend it.  I didn't die THAT much, so don't let the difficulty put you off.  Also, I am not a huge fan of back tracking, I would've liked a fast travel option very much.In addition, the graphics are excellent given their limitations.  They do a great job emulating NES graphics, and I will say the effects that they have that don't appear to look like NES graphics, do a good job of sort of jarring you with their 'wrongness.'Overall, this game does a very good job of making you feel uncomfortable.  The world it builds is very strange and alien, something I don't think Metroid did as good a job at.  It really makes you wonder, what has happened here, what is going on, who am I, what am I?  Nothing feels safe, no one feels trustworthy.  It's actually almost Lovecraftian - you feel like you are an ant even if you are a powerful ant, in a hostile, alien world, ruled by alien powers you don't understand, that could easily destroy you.All that is excellent.  I will say that the story feels like they could've done more and gone further, they had built something very complex with it.  They use diary entries to push the story a little further than in-game dialogue allows, and that can help you fill in some blanks.  However, I would have liked to see the game itself push its concept a bit further, and for the overall story to continue beyond the final battle.   Guess we will have to look forward to the sequel."
,Recommended,332200,20879916,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Chents2D,"Love Axiom Verge, I think it blows the original Metroid out of the water... Also plays perfectly with any usb joypad, also runs native on Manjaro Linux and Linux Light natively... A must buy for any Linux gamer looking for a tough but fun Metroidvania with a pulethera of weapon upgrades as you progress through the game.Soundtrack and in game sounds are great to, along with its glitchy art style."
76561198156826456,Recommended,332200,21093221,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,SlurpeeMachine,"If you long for the return of classic 2D Metroid games, this game is a great fix for you. It has everything we love about the Samus Aran classics yet it has its very own identity. The only minor thing I disliked about this game is the soundtrack, a bit unnerving at times, but still does not affect how great of an experience this game is."
,Recommended,332200,21051360,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Celsuco,"Instead of going the easy way and just rip off super metroid or any of the modern castlevanias, Axiom Verge tries to create new variants of the ""old"" gameplay mechanics and succeeds in giving you a new, interesting experience. Really tight controls and really fun gameplay, without getting much into it your character's mobility by the end of the game feels completely under control and -more important- fun. It's cool to go back to old parts of the map looking for new objects this way, although I sometimes missed a quick teleport setting.The pseudoretro feel (and definitely retro chiptunes soundtrack) was cool, the game feel and art was really good too. If anything I didn't care much about the story - but then again it didn't get too much in the way so it's ok.Really solid game, very recommended."
,Recommended,332200,21014626,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,jwdonal,Unbelievably awesome game and fantastic music. Love 2D side scrollers.
76561198051300415,Recommended,332200,24529114,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Bradalf,"This game has really bizarre issues with the graphics. Tons of artifacting and weird flashing pixels. And they always seem to be in places you need to go to progress...Seriously, though, great game! Get it if you like Super Metroid."
,Recommended,332200,24814582,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Awade,"This game is fantastic! I would recommend it to anyone who enjoyed the old metroid games. Has many similarities, but just as many differences. 10/10, probably my favorite indie game. I wish they would make more games like this one."
76561198007210097,Recommended,332200,24806412,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,InfiniteHorizon,"I'm having flashbacks to Metroid, and The Guardian Legend.(Ok, I may be heaping a little too much praise on it. It's still really good!)"
,Recommended,332200,24890527,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,hacksoi,fun♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198035549390,Recommended,332200,24891000,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Dr. Gooseman,"Super Metroid has always been one of my favorite games ever since I was a kid. After beating this game, I've come to the conclusion that it is better than SM in almost every way.I wish more people played this game, it's so great. I consider it a masterpiece. I want more!"
76561198024972626,Recommended,332200,24857205,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Kiel,"Now THIS is a Metroid game. Yes, I'm looking at you Other M."
,Recommended,332200,24873809,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,toonami99,By far one of the best metroid games Ive played in years. Got it on sale and it was worth the wait.  Great exploration with a Good story narrative. If your a fan of these type of games I highly recommend you give this a try.
,Recommended,332200,24837991,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Mechanize,Challenging 2D experience with an amazing soundtrack. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,332200,25064047,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Groxx,"Excellent metroidvania.  Controls are responsive, gameplay is top notch, plot weaves through the game quite well.  And oh boy, it's hard to believe how much you missed the first time through an area."
76561198036049159,Recommended,332200,25045548,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,cronin2004,"I'm a big fan of the Metroidvania style games.  This one feels pretty good.This one definitely feels Super Metroidy while being completely it's own game.Highlights:-Art style, loved it.-Bosses were fun-Lots to explore!-Soundtrack was fairly good.-I  like the idea of the glitch weapon.  A homage to the glitchy NES days, but instead it's a part of the game play.-Lightning gun was awesomely hilarious (who ya gonna call)-Shifting through walls, cool stuff.-General game play.Things I didn't care for:-There were way too many weapons.  Most I didn't even end up using, so they acted more like collectables than anything else.-Xbox controller, for some reason it was real easy to accidently switch weapons unintentionally.  This got obnoxious during some close combat fights.-This may have been intentional, but angle shooting was a bit of a pain.-I would have probably enjoyed the back story more if peicing it together wasn't so all over the place.Over all, for anyone who likes the retro/Metroidvania style game, I HIGHLY recommend this game."
76561198054177688,Recommended,332200,30846647,Posted: 30 March,all,Evanjellyon,"Metroid like game with some real kick♥♥♥♥♥music. If you like metroid and you don't want to wait for nintendo, you can't go wrong with this game. Fun boss fights for the most part and a variety of guns to keep the player from getting bored."
76561198078317925,Recommended,332200,24977904,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,IN OPTIONS,Its the metroid sequel we all want that nintendo refuses to make10/10 buy it
,Recommended,332200,24766079,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,rickylows2,honstely if you want a metriod game thats not from nintendo this is the game for you. the controlles feels great and the music puts in the right mood but the story is so confusing and its very easy to get lost to
76561198241617472,Recommended,332200,23808473,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Dinkotech666,Metroidvania at it's bestest!
76561198120035321,Recommended,332200,23858132,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,"two eggs, over easy",This is the Metroid game we've all been waiting for. Only thing it's missing are missles and wall jumps.
,Recommended,332200,22385641,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,CygnusPrawn,"The Metroid sequel you always wanted, plus so, SO much more. Can't reccomend this game enough."
,Recommended,332200,22523035,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Klaus,"This one-man labour of love is an almost perfect Super Metroid clone. The art is beautiful, the music oozes atmosphere and the gameplay is fast and fluid throughout. Highly recommended."
76561198040144559,Recommended,332200,22510966,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Lord Oblivion,I love this it perfectly captures the feel from the metroid games. A very fun run through the past.
,Recommended,332200,22559309,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Nooters,"The best Metroidvania to come out since 1994. Although it's complete heresy to say it, I enjoyed this game a bit more than I did Super Metroid, partly because Axiom Verge has so much variety in how you can play it. If you like solid Metroidvanias, you'll like Axiom Verge. Solid mechanics and level design, cohesive sound design, and consistant visual direction make it all worth it."
76561198122388181,Recommended,332200,22556333,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,audacity,It got tedious after about an hour. But it has an interesting concept and you might actually enjoy it!
,Recommended,332200,22427996,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Gabraham,"The last Metroid game that came out was years ago -- you all know the one -- and the only Metroid game lined up is on the 3DS and... well, you can go check that out for yourselves if you haven't seen what it's all about yet. Suffice it to say, we haven't seen, and won't be seeing, a Metroid game for quite some time, and that's a real shame because there's something about that mix of being stuck on an alien world alone with hundreds of aliens that want to eat you, and collecting upgrades to explore a labarynthian planet while blowing up your enemies that just so intoxicating. I'm not ashamed to say that I don't completely understand why Metroid is such a captivating game, but the whole point of this paragraph is to tell you that if something captures it, it's this game.Axiom Verge scratches the itch I have for a new Metroid game so very well, and tows you along with an intriguing story that you'll piece together as you explore the mystery of Axiom Verge's world. In some respects, it outperforms the original model with new ideas and a huge array of weapons to pick from, provided you take the time to find them, and provides you with plenty of challenge with tough enemies and frantic boss battles, while rewarding you for poking your head into the nooks and crannies of the pulsing, decrepid terrain you walk upon. This game understands what makes the Metroid genre good and you'll know within an hour of playing that it's no mere copycat.If you like Metroid and are itching for something that captures the essence of it, this is the perfect game. If you've never played a game of the Metroid style before, then this is a great place to start."
76561198066136990,Recommended,332200,22614568,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,hobbled man,"This is a heck-of-a-game. Best Metriodvania I've played that isn't Castlevania or Metroid! It's tons of fun with cool weapons and unique gameplay mechanics. The game is gorgeous and the soundtrack is equally as good. I'd definitely buy this game if you're looking for a good Metroid-esque experience. It isn't perfect as there's a few issues I had.Pros-Fun-Gorgeous-Good Soundtrack-Good Mechanics-Difficult-Lots of weaponsCons-Crashes occassionally-Repetetive bosses-Anticlimactic last boss-One point in the game where it's really difficult to figure out where to go, I spent hours on just one area trying to figure out what to do."
,Recommended,332200,22505843,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Michael,One of the best metrovanias I have played in recent memory.
,Recommended,332200,22538534,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Mr. Wapojif,"The game essentially is Super Metroid, but it doesn't scale those lofty heights of genius. It is brilliant all the same and a highly enjoyable experience. If you missed the SNES era then this is a fantastic indie game you'll love playing, and you'll appreciate the Metroidvania elements a great deal. Considering this was made by one man, it's highly impressive!"
,Recommended,332200,22487171,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,hotdog 🐝 Bzzz,"Superb entry in the field of metroid inspired games, absolutely get this if you like 2D exploration platformers heavy on atmosphere.  I like the way it mixes up how the various powerups work from what you would expect while still keeping them fun and useful.  My only gripe is the double tap input to use an ability later in the game should have its own button."
76561198028546501,Recommended,332200,23015037,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Delphinus,"One single game probably held closest to my heart which defined my childhood is Super Metroid, very few games came close to how much I ever played that title and for good reason. From its action oriented gameplay centered around an atmospheric planet no game could ever top it until Metroid Prime, another entry into the series. Sadly nintendo has lost touch with the series and what made it great, other M while it could have possibly been the perfect re-entry into the series took a few turns which didnt cope well with many gamers and instead of trying to rectify this they shelved the series entirely. Thankfully now we have Axiom Verge, a love letter to Metroid fans, an increadible game with so many nastolgic nods to Metroid this game absolutely hits the nail on the head with its creative design, atmosphere and intriging science fiction plot. I cannot recommend Axiom Verge enough to any gamer who has longed for a Metroid style title."
76561198048812868,Recommended,332200,22482462,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,haelian,"Perfect Super Metroid throwback with a lot of nice twists. Tons of weapon variety and secrets to find. Good game for the completionist plus lots of replay value.Now I have only played on Normal difficulty so far but, to me, it felt like the boss fights fell a bit short of epic. The bosses were very limited in abilities/movement and very quickly became predictable and exploited. The bosses LOOKED outstanding but the battles themselves felt short. Just not quite up to the example that a game like Super Metroid set.Still an amazing game that I would recommend to anyone, not just the old school Metroid/Castlevania fans."
,Recommended,332200,22494731,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,lamentations of the women,"Great game, very interesting setting and presentation."
,Recommended,332200,22638622,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Kelaos,"(tl;dr at bottom)Very enjoyable game in the Metroidvania genre. Story was okay, but the exploration was what drove my interest.The game was very good at showing you when you could not enter an area, and could clearly tell another item was needed.Unlike Metroid (in my experience) the game did not require specific weapons to get to different areas, but instead relied on the secondary equipment that had a focus on mobility.The second-last boss was surprisingly difficult (and was practically a bullet-hell game compared to the rest). However, some areas that were difficult to get to were quite important. If one was to get stuck I would recommend  looking up a map or guide to find where areas connect.Played on Windows with the Steam Controller (final two bosses completed with Xbox 360 controller).NOTE: Some difficulty occurred when configuring the Steam controller (playing via Steam Link). It would always recognize the trigger as the trigger even when the config set it to map to a different button. I assume Axiom Verge hooks in at a lower/earlier level than usual. Luckily the game allows for customising controls in-game.The Crunch========Playtime: 12h22mOS: Windows/Steam LinkInput: Steam Controller, Xbox 360 ControllerPros:- lots of weapons (not tied to enemy/damage types, pick what you like)- broke the rules with its movement equipment- fitting soundtrack- lots to do for completionists (I am not though so this is biased)Cons:- Surprisingly difficult/different penultimate fight- Didn't show how to get to/where the last few areas were very well."
76561197989293542,Recommended,332200,22698293,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Vorpal,"This is a fantastic game. From the moment you hit the title screen you can tell this a labor of love.The art is great. This is NOT ""pixel graphics as an excuse for bad art"". This is high quality artwork. Beautiful details, perfect animations, all within a minimalist pixel framework.This music is perfect. Super cool; I love every track.The story and dialouge is cool.The gameplay is good. Ultimately, it's just fun to play, and that's what matters.I have only two small gripes. First, it can be hard to know where to go next. By the end of the game I had to consult Google just so I didn't have to wander the entire game looking for which corner my latest upgrade will let me traverse. Second, I think combat is a tiny bit off. Maybe I just never got it, but I felt like some of the bosses had cheap loopholes while some seemed to have no discernable pattern at all - just shoot it and hope you kill it before it kills you. Personally, these issues (the second one really) keep me from playing the game over and over (hey, I got a lot of games to play). But, don't get me wrong. This game is worth every penny. It's just so unique these days, and a whole lotta fun."
,Recommended,332200,22694594,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Dessard,"It's not quite as good as Super Metroid; the world isn't quite as immersive; the bugs aren't quite as exploitable; the level design isn't quite as masterful.  But I stopped caring about a third of the way in, because it's still the best Metroidvania I've played in a decade."
76561198091457145,Recommended,332200,23017040,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,chrisallison3,One of the best games I've played in a long time. Super Metroid is one of my all time fav's and Axiom Verge totally does it justice. I loved it!
76561198066992937,Recommended,332200,23161498,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Beef,"Lived up to my expectations. Very cool progression mechanics, amazing soundtrack and atmosphere. Bosses feel a bit like a grind at times though."
76561197971755730,Recommended,332200,23056854,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Waseph,If you love the classic Metroid games you will love this.
76561198008141314,Recommended,332200,24238018,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Nyarlathotep,"I've been searching for a great metroidvania for a long time. Unepic was ok, but kinda boring, La Mulana was good but I didn't have the patience for it, Ori and the blind forest I had technical issues with (hoping for the definitive version to fix that), but there is one game that beats them all. Axiom Verge is the game I was looking for. Ihaven'tbeaten it yet, so please consider this more of a first impression than a full review.It is the right ammout mix of great graphics, fluent gameplay, haunting story and an awesome soundtrack. All done by asingle person. When I found out about that I was blown away.If you've played games like Metroid or Castlevania: Symphony of the night, you'll be instantly familiar with this game, because it follows the same exact formula. As you explore the world you find health and damage powerups to make your life easier and also unlock new guns and abilities. which grant you access to the next area. There are a ton of weapons, some more practical than others, some better against certain types of enemies. Interestingly most of the bosses I've encountered so far (with the exception of one) can be beaten by your basic gun.You'll also make use of all of your abilities to find secrets, which range from a basic notes detailing the world to hidden powerups and weapons. They usually aren't too hard to spot, but there are some, which are quite tricky. But because the secrets are tied to certain game mechanic also means you'll have to do a lot of backtracking in order to find everything. There is no fast travel of any description, which is a little annoying. But then again, this is completely optional.The bosses are giant hunks of biomass and steel, which all have clear pattern you can take advantage off. The only ""problem"" with that is that they generally get faster as they take damage, which turns every encounter into an intense battle. While the boss encounters can be hard, they're never unfair, in fact they're quite the opposite. Not to mention the music is so good, that I didn't care I died, it simply meant I coul listen to it a little bit longer.While Axiom Verge borrows from other games (Contra, Metroid, Castlevania, Bionic Commando, etc.), it also has it's own original ideas. The ability to ""glitch"" the enemies, effectively crippling them, or turning them into floating platforms/ health generators is unique, fun and incredibly useful.Intentional glitches, I have to say, this is the most inovative game mechanic I've seen in years.This game is also quite heavily story driven for a metroidvania game, if you're into sci-fi, you'll enjoy it. And if you're here only for the gameplay, you'll enjoy it as well.There is also built-in speedrun mode, which is just that. It bypasses all the custcenes and slaps a timer on the screen.So far I haven't encountered any bugs, so good job there. One ability could use some little tweaking though. Later in the game you'll acquire the abiliy to dash through thin walls using the D-pad or the left stick. I use the left stick for movement and I've noticed that sometimes Trace dashes on his own while I'm moving the stick. Normally it's only supposed to happen if you rock the stick twice in the direction you want to go, but I swear it happened when I simply touched it. I hope it makes at least a little bit of sense, explaining controls is always the hardest part.In conclusion, this game is incredible especially if you consider the fact that it's a single person project. That's all I have to say."
76561198194484597,Recommended,332200,24244627,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,ShadowShatter,"A wonderful game for metroid fans. Axiom Verge took everything I liked about 2d metroid, made it better, then added its own great ideas. For non-metroid fans you may have some difficulty enjoying this game. While playing this game there is going to be alot of times when you are running around aimlessly madly drilling and glitching walls. Personally enjoy the lack of direction as for one you will discover secrets without even trying, and two its a nice feeling when you finally figure out where you are supposed to go and how you are supposed to get there. The boss designs were for the most part very unique and were quite challenging. This game is a must have for 2d metoid fans and even if you are unfamiliar with the metroidvania genre you should at least give it a try."
,Recommended,332200,24220070,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,b0ne boi,"If you are looking for a game that plays and feels like a classic Metroid title, this game is right up your alley. It has a very different and interesting plot to it all and definitely gives off an ominous vibe of mystery curiosity . Exploring new areas, getting a whole selection of weapons to test out, and a bunch of unique abilities as well. The soundtrack is also great and fits the mood of each new area in the game. If you need your classic Metroid fix, pick this game up and you won't regret it."
,Recommended,332200,24322969,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,fertilizer,"Good solid metroid clone with marvelous music and pretty neat pixelart style. Many exploration options, many weapons/tools to choose from. The story is kinda weird, but if you like science fiction, you can find it enjoyable. It worth to play a couple of evenings."
76561198073342694,Recommended,332200,24308682,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Bowery,"It's hard to believe, but I actually think I like this game more than Super Metroid and Cave Story. And that's before taking the amazing soundtrack into account.This is easily one of the best games I have ever played. I can't wait to see what Tom Happ brings us next."
76561198025569007,Recommended,332200,24365324,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,woxorz,This game is sooo good. One of my fave metroidvanias.It is challenging but also very rewarding because there are so many different powerups.
76561197996526397,Recommended,332200,22293092,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Shaiatan,"A great Metroidvania style game, with some unique twists.  Remember all those glitches you'd run into with NES games (graphical distortions, weird colors, enemies not behaving right)?  This game actually applies some of that into the gameplay in a fairly neat manner.  The story isn't revolutionary, but it's decent.Definitely worth playing."
76561198018963126,Recommended,332200,22348218,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,OneRefuse2Die,"Everything I have wanted from a metroid-style game, and everything I didn't know I wanted. This captures the feel of Metroid, and expounds upon it relentlessly. To the game developer - Thank you so very much!"
,Recommended,332200,22348572,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Slayman,"Gameplaywise it feels very much like a reskinned Super Metroid with some added cream, and that is a good thing.The story is really engaging though confusing at times but still interesting.If you enjoy games like Metroid, Castlevania and Ori and the Blind Forest then you would definitely like this one."
,Recommended,332200,21488642,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,oh screw me,"This game is incredible, and it's surprising how much content it has. Buy it immediately, especially if you are a metroid fan."
,Recommended,332200,21513263,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Noeda,"I think this game shines in creating a good atmosphere. The environments and atmospheric music taken together really sucked me in. I loved the boss soundtracks.Perhaps one complaint I have is that I feel some of the boss fights are not well designed; one boss had a complete blind spot from where you could shoot at the boss until it dies in complete safety. I was playing at Normal difficulty though, not sure if this happens if you pick the harder difficulty."
76561198043029861,Recommended,332200,21958971,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Joev14,"Everyone's been waiting for Nintendo to get around to making a new Metroid game since Metroid: Other M came out nearly 6 years ago. Unfortunately, it seems that the amazing series isn't worth reviving, which is a sad disappointment to fans of the series, myself included. Even if NIntendo did decide to revive the series, it would most likely be revamped into something that is unlike what we all know and love. So, you ask, how can I relive my childhood memories of searching for hidden items, exploring exotic worlds, fighting bizarre bosses unlike any I've ever seen. Well, look no further. Ladies and Gentlegamers, Axiom Verge is what you've been looking for.The series starts you off with an elusive plot that introduces you to your main character, but is vague enough that it keeps you searching for answers for the next several hours of the game. You wake up in a strange egg-like structure, forced to begin making your way around. Despite the fact that it doesn't contian a near-silent protagonist like the classic Metroid games, Axiom Verge still manages to keep you in the dark with it's plot, slowly revealing pieces to you for a mind-blowing finale. The game is chock-full of interesting environments, creatures, and boss-fights that will give you a rush of adrenaline and nostalgia that you haven't probably felt since you beat Metroid Zero Mission a decade ago.The best part of all is the replay value. Heck, you'll find yourself searching for all the hidden items and secrets scattered all over the map long after you've beaten the game's final boss. The game has a similar end-game bonus if you manage to get nearly all the items in the game, giving you a secret ending. The world also has several pieces of paper and tablets that reveal parts of the plot that aren't normally obtained during the main gameplay.My only major gripe about the game is the keyboard layout. It's unlike any I've ever seen in a game, especially a platformer, and won't have you holding your mouse and your fingers on the WASD keys. For this reason, I highly recommend grabbing a controller if you've got one handy, if not, it takes a little while getting used to the layout, but it's by no means a deal-breaker.So, I'm sure you're asking yourself, is this game merely a copy of Metroid? Will I just feel like I'm replaying Super Metroid, except now I'm out twenty bucks? Absolutely not. While Axiom Verge will tingle your nostalgia senses, but it's got it's own wonderfully crafted story and world that stands all on it's own.Is it worth it? Heck freaking yes. I'm gonna stop writing so you can do yourself a favor and buy it."
,Recommended,332200,21973334,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Ultraviper,"A beautiful pixel-art metroid-like. It's not a metroid-ripoff, though, as it has many unique weapons and mechanics that set it apart. I personally found the game very difficult toward the end. But after beating it the game told me I only found 53% of the items, so maybe that had something to do with it.Also this game was made by one person which is pretty amazing."
,Recommended,332200,21917600,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,meambobbo,Clever power ups and gating.  Retro but Interesting art style.  Good difficulty but mostly easy bosses.  One of the better Metro-vania games I've ever played - highly recommended for fans of the genre.
,Recommended,332200,21945480,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,*Sam,"I was honestly enjoying this game so much; it has excellent aesthetics, gameplay is slick and smooth (especially with a controller) and the story is engaging.However I have to say the final section of this game is just simply awful. The 'skill' curve goes from ""enemies doing a fair whack of damage"" to ""enemies are impossible to dodge, have enormous amounts of health and kill you in two shots"". The game is really excellent right up until the end, where the final area just simply ♥♥♥♥ing sucks.Everything else was so on point, it's really sad that the last section is so bad."
76561198041765678,Recommended,332200,33313612,Posted: 6 July,all,DedVoid,One of the best metroidvanias ever made.I'm not someone who has played the old Metroid games; metroidvanias in general I don't play very often. But this game is just so perfectly well-crafted that if you even have the slightest interest in games like this I'd reccomend you give it a try.(nothisisntadetailedreviewjustwanttoaddtothepositivereviewpileforthemostpart)
76561198142259772,Recommended,332200,33327697,Posted: 6 July,all,R3DW0LF,Metroid done as well as I think it could be done. This game is fantastic. Definitely a must have.10/10
76561198045497234,Recommended,332200,33381733,Posted: 8 July,all,tore_sa,Absolutely amazing metroidvania - it has so much of the feel from the old metroid games. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,332200,33454634,Posted: 11 July,all,mchiasson,"As a former classic NES Metroid fan, this game totally hit the spot."
76561198078792216,Recommended,332200,33490435,Posted: 12 July,all,jackill,"Well, it's a good game, i found it really detailed and well polished in all directions: gameplay, sound, plot (only a bit vague but open for speculations), design (metroidvania style with lots of new elements) and even difficulty. You will probably die and get lost a lot only to find new mindfu... mindblowing ways to proceed, guides will be helpfull some times. Trust me.It was really fun to play, all in all an 8/10 is well earned. Just play it and git gud,"
,Recommended,332200,33444662,Posted: 10 July,all,Kenshin csgo500,This game made me remember how good Super Metroid was.The only thing i didn't like too much was the music. But i put it at minimum and it didn't bothered me too much.It's a really well made game. Couldn't stop playing untill the end.Can't imagine how a single person could do this. Just incredible.
,Recommended,332200,33275360,Posted: 5 July,all,Where's My Lei,"Ah, reminds me the good old days, looking to find secret passages in every block. A very good and unique metroidvania."
,Recommended,332200,33274368,Posted: 5 July,all,Macho Madness,A very good not-Metroid
76561197998944525,Recommended,332200,33304961,Posted: 6 July,all,Chuck Steak,"I have this strong urge to bind ""double tap directional button"" to ""reload last save"" and make the developer play through it.Other than that pretty solid metroidvania."
76561198062578410,Recommended,332200,33300205,Posted: 5 July,all,DifferentThanThis,"A long time ago, I discovered the joys of a game named Ironblood, a 2D MS-DOS side-scroller in which you pilot one of two different mechs through tough waves of enemy robots and cyborgs, gaining new weapons and power-ups.  It was always good to unwind after a tough day at work, blasting pixels into oblivion.  But it always seemed like it needed something more--maybe more exploration and a bit less button-mashing trigger-happy bullet-hell.  Ironblood was the closest I ever came to any metroidvania style games.In comes Axiom Verge, nearly a decade after the last time I seriously played Ironblood, and it was just what the doctor ordered!  There's enough blasting and shooting to satisfy my trigger-happy side, with enough exploration and puzzle-solving as a bonus.I remember wanting this game two years ago when it first came to Steam, watching the reviews and thinking just how cool it looked.  Retro graphics give it a nice ""console-era"" feel, along with synthetic beats that feel like classic chip-tunes.I must say that Axiom Verge impresses me on so many levels.  If only Steam had star-ratings, I'd give Axiom Verge the full 7 out of 5 stars it deserves!"
76561198023624966,Recommended,332200,33415189,Posted: 9 July,all,venomizer,Crank up the volume and enjoy THE best Super Metroid successor.Awesome soundtrack.Awesome pixel graphics.Awesome control.Awesome map.Thank you Tom Happ.
,Recommended,332200,33404422,Posted: 9 July,all,Howru,Really good Metroid-like game with sci-fi deep story and heavenly soundtrack.
,Recommended,332200,33422723,Posted: 9 July,all,Garo,"For everyone that followed my adventure on Twitch / youtube you know how much I love/hate this game. While it had some excellent things going for it there were equal amount of issues. A great soundtrack that became boring after time, many areas, but none very memorable, a ton of weapons, only 1 or 2 worth using, very little story, but they tried to force a lot of plot into it. There's pros and cons, I got it on summer sale for $10, cant say it's worth regular price though. Still a memorable game nonetheless."
,Recommended,332200,33392578,Posted: 8 July,all,WillieShark,One of the best Metriodvanias I've ever played! Do get this title if you like any of the 2-D Metroid games.
,Recommended,332200,33417935,Posted: 9 July,all,fuck i missed my charge,"Fantastic Metroid style game: fun gameplay, plenty of hours of content, and the best damn videogame soundtrack i've ever heard. Definitely worth picking up."
76561198040766410,Recommended,332200,33414343,Posted: 9 July,all,michaelshigame,"Breathtaking. To make a game that captures the feel of Super Metroid better than the original, without borrowing any of the abilities and design of that game barring essential ones, and to do it all by himself.I feel like this game belongs on a record of somekind.9.7/10"
,Recommended,332200,33661771,Posted: 19 July,all,Loki,"I loved this game. Its got a great story (albiet a bit confusing/lacking), amazing controls, and amazing music. This game has replay value just for sound track alone. If you love metroid you'll love this."
76561198059614197,Recommended,332200,17770096,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,elvishairguy89,"A fun old school-style platform game with great artwork, soundtrack, and intriguing story. Definitely would recommend this to fans of games like Metroid or Castlevania: Symphony of the Night.Probably the feature that makes Axiom Verge sand out the most is the sheer number of weapons to collect (nearly 30), and just how creativily hidden some of the secrets are. Most of these are optional and you can complete the game finding only a fraction of its' secrets, but it definitely adds replay value.Axiom Verge isn't without flaws however - probably its biggest flaw is the combat itself. Many types of enemies and bosses are cheaply placed or have attacks which are almost impossible to avoid . Enemies will sometimes also block the doors to rooms, causing you to hit them as soon as you re-enter said room. Forcing the player to take damage is poor design and hopefully the combat will be ironed out in subsequent patches or the sequel. The bosses are also a slight letdown, as for the most part they don't react to the player's presense at all, and simply cycle through scripted attack patterns. The final boss is probably the worst example of this poor enemy design, as its attacks are more or less impossible to avoid, and the battle boils down to simply mashing the attack button while hoping your health bar holds out, rather than requiring any actual skill.The other major flaw is that the game makes little effort in telling you where to go next. Other than occasional ""hints"" in dialogue you're left to figure it out on your own. For example, after defeating a certain boss, your only hint is to take an elevator up. But it turns out that to continue onward you actually have to find a special item (which was never even mentioned) and then go underground to access a completely unrelated area. I admire games which don't just spell it out for the player, but there's no way a player is going to be able to figure this out without using a guide other than through pure trial and error, which isn't fun.In spite of these annoying issues the core game is good, the world is intriquing and ominous, and trying out all of the weapons is fun in of itself. So I can easily overlook them and give this game a recommend. Fixing the poor enemy behavior should be top priority as it's the single biggest flaw in an otherwise great game."
,Recommended,332200,17672759,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Rice][Cube,The perfect tribute to the Metroid series.Buy this game right now.
,Recommended,332200,25279225,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,PixelBasher,Awesome Metroid clone
76561198001606968,Recommended,332200,30837615,Posted: 30 March,all,LIFE IS TOO SHORT TO BE LITTLE,"it's a pretty good game that doesn't really diverge too hard from the formula of metroidvanias too much so it works.  this game straddled the line between ""inspired by"" and ""outright stole from"" nes metroid/super metroid sometimes tho, which occasionally made me question why i wasn't just playing either of those gamesbut it's still worth playing"
,Recommended,332200,24683160,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,PeligroWilsonez,"Pretty fun Metroidvania, Lots to explore and pretty fun. the later enemies are a bit cheap but still fun. only complaint is a lot of weapons felt useless."
,Recommended,332200,24568778,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Radmelon,"I love the metroid games, but I love this even more. The setting is amazing and the soundtrack is too."
,Recommended,332200,24625365,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Marujo Butters,Um dos melhores metroidvanias que eu já joguei
76561197968439522,Recommended,332200,24588911,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Kaboom,Great game in the Metroidvania style that still manages to do it's own thing.
,Recommended,332200,24594109,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Chippertron,"Holy crap was this game an experience.Music is great. Gameplay is solid. Story will have you thinking long and hard. Holds true to a metroidvania. If you grew up with Metroid, do give it a try. The only downsides are some weapons feel useless and there is a huge difficulty spike at the end of the game though I enjoyed the latter."
76561198282556311,Recommended,332200,25760258,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Superior Saturday,"I am a major fan of Metroid and this game does most everything right concerning the 2D genre; the weapons are always good and major power ups are always rewarding. I was extremely surprised and happy about the new abilities given to us in the game which helps the game feel more updated. It makes me think about the cool new abilities Samus could have in another entry. The real major nitpick about Axiom Verge is that I often got lost not knowing where to go next. The map is very large and doesn't offer much help finding a new path. Other than that, the game is extremely solid and unique."
,Recommended,332200,17951720,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,JDP,"I love Metroidvania style games, so I was pretty eager to sink my teeth into this one. For the most part, I enjoyed the experience. The music is enjoyable, and the graphics are pretty nice for the 8-bit NES style they were going for. Gameplay wise the game is fairly solid with only a couple of hiccups here and there.The story consists of a scientist named Trace being transported to a strange world after an accident at work. He is tasked by a mysterious living machine to revive her fellow living machines, and find a way to stop the evil scientist who has put the  planet into disarray. There's a bit of a M. Night Shamalamadingdong twist in there along the way. The story is interesting, but at times can seem a little all over the place. You can flesh it out more via locating notes around the world, that give you further information that the ""cut scenes"" you encounter don't fully inform you of.There are a ton of different weapons you can encounter during the game, as well as a decent assortment of enemies. There are a few palette swaps here and there but they usually at least ACT differently. Not all of the guns are useful, but there are a small handful that are very effective. Flamethrower comes to mind.The game, however, is not without faults. The first fault is that the game is very vauge at times as far as where you're supposed to go, or what you're supposed to be doing. There is at least one bit which requires you to use your hacking device to solidify some lava so you can stand on it and jump higher. Simple, right? The issue is that no other lava in the game (that I can recall anyway) has the same effect of getting solid, so you really have nothing prompting you to try it. Another section involves you having to find an item you actually need to progress further in the game, via drilling into a wall in a room completely full of drillable walls.Some items cannot be aquired without making use of an item that allows you to input a password. To find these passwords you have to translate a made up language (or, you know, just google it). The flamethrower is one of the items you need to do this for. One of them even forces you to translate the language by sight alone. It was an interesting concept, but comes off as more annoying than fun. Still, this is not THAT big of a negative as there are only a handful of instances that require you to do this.Overall, in spite of the issues the game is a fun, and challenging Metroidvania. It's a little bit closer to the Metroid side, than the CastleVania side, so be aware of that. The game is quite clearly a massive love letter to Super Metroid in particular so go in expecting Super Metroid, not something like Symphony of the Night, or Dawn of Sorrow.I'd personally recommend it if you're into the genre, just be prepared for a bit of a sequel bait if you get the true ending (you have to get most of the map, and items so that your percentages are displayed as green)."
,Recommended,332200,18652080,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Zerox!,"Dear. Lord. I love getting stuck in this game, because it gives me an excuse to look for more things. I have so many things! Notes, Journal pages, weapons, tools, upgrades, and all sorts of stuff. It's basically what Metroid could have become if they didnt waste thier time reinventing the goddamn wheel, and instead decided to make the existing wheel a bit nice with JUMPING THAT ACTULLY GODDAMN RESPONDS.Don't be an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, don't whine about the price, it's easily worth twice as much. Maybe triple! If you like Metroid, you will like this. It's not metroidvania, because there is little to no ""vania"" to be found."
,Recommended,332200,18698906,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Solace Eternal,"Story never resolves in any meaningful way, like the writing didn't know where to go. Ultimately it's still fun, though."
76561198078811066,Recommended,332200,18670603,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,TheSacredHobo,Thank you for being the Metroid game we never got.
,Recommended,332200,18784222,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Aerosean,"This is a fantastic Metroid style game.  Interesting story.  Good, challenging gameplay. The music is superb."
76561198047227870,Recommended,332200,18780029,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,A slab of Meat,"A modern, superb Metroidvania-game. Does everything you expect from the genre and adds a few twists and turns I neither expected nor have seen before. I'd recommend this game any day."
,Recommended,332200,16494152,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,RubtheRipper,"Axiom Verge is one of the most impressive Metroidvanias I've ever played. Everything about the game is nearly perfect. I liked this one even a little bit more then Ori. Graphics, Sound, Gameplay and Story are all on another Level. I still can't believe this was done by one guy...Thank you Tom Happ! You are a god!Five out of Five!!!"
,Recommended,332200,17407717,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Joedang,"Basically, this is the spiritual successor to the sidescrolling Metroid games. It's top business."
76561198095387594,Recommended,332200,16897457,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,rightlinear,"You need more Metroidvania in your life and this game will give it to you. The backtracking that is integral to the genre never feels tedious. I did not care for poor attempt at a mind**** story, but everything else is well done."
,Recommended,332200,16907275,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,GaijinKaijuu,"Hands down one of my favorite games ever since completing it. The gameplay is solid and feels good with a lot of the same challenge and reward as the NES era of video games.The story is intriguing and interesting. It is told partially through interaction with other characters in the game, partially through the levels and surroundings as you explore, and partically through notes you find laying around. It was interesting enough that more often then not I would spend quite a bit of time just trying to find the next hidden note with more story, I wanted to know what else was going on in the world around me.The gameplay and combat mechanics feel VERY strongly like 2d era Metroid. Its very satisfying with a large array of weapons that work better against different enemies under different situations. The enemies are varied and interesting. You have the ability fairly early on to ""glitch"" enemies which causes their behavoir to change, and this can be both helpful and hindering depending on level circumstances. The bosses all feel very well done and are often challenging trying to learn the patterns and proper method for attacking them.The different items in the game all grant some level of improved mobility through the game, from grappling hooks to teleporting, and the mechanics are not always straight forward which in this case actually adds to the puzzle and challenge in a good way.And the soundtrack... The soundtrack is absolutely amazing, and I could double the length of this review just praising the music. So rather than do that, just trust me, if you like Chiptunes and old video game era music, this games soundtrack will blow your mind.I would absolutely recommend this game to anyone who enjoys classic metroidvania style games. This one gets passing marks on all aspects and should go right along side the classics."
76561197982669852,Recommended,332200,16934618,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Etilman,Pleasantly surprised!
,Recommended,332200,30512708,Posted: 14 March,all,Triple,"the ""get a powerup and unlock new zone"" feature is a little aribitrary, in that you dont get power number 8 and have an epiphany like ""OH NOW I CAN OPEN THAT ONE DOOR"". It's more like get a power, then retreat through the entire map to see if you can figure out how that power helps get you somewhere, and hope it doesn't dead end.overall good game, good music, would probably attempt a 100% completion at some point"
,Recommended,332200,16151154,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Teppik,"One of the best platformers to come out in years.There are certainly some issues, for example I found boss battles to be a bit underwhelming it is at very least a solid 8/10 for me."
76561197970517275,Recommended,332200,16251135,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Frostout,"Whew. I had a lot of fun with this.Axiom Verge is a challenging game, with tight controls, solid level and boss fight design, gorgeous art and music, and an intriguing--if scattered--story. If you like metroidvania games, get in here."
76561197970404933,Recommended,332200,20211628,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,rtificial,"I've not had this much fun, since I was a kid playing metroid for the first time on the NES.  This game is invocking the same feelings when I played the original metroid.  Awe and wonder as you explore deeper into the world.  Feeling like a bigger bad♥♥♥♥♥with every upgrade and weapon you collect.  Having the odd but blissful soundtrack ringing in your head and knowing each stage by it's music.I recommend going through this without knowing a thing about it.  It makes each milestone you do even more rewarding.  So far I'm a few hours in and loving it.  I'll update once finished.  But the weapons are bad♥♥♥♥♥and almost feels like cheating to be using such power.  The original puzzle mechanics are quite refreshing for a metroidvania game.  Also if you're lucky to find a hidden stage, the old monitor effect is quite neat too.  The weapon ideas are pretty new and awesome.  Along with the ""tools"" used in various ways, you can tell a lot of thought went into this.Nintendo needs to throw this team some money and the green light to make us the 2D metroid we want and not this 3D garbage they have been putting out."
76561197978397616,Recommended,332200,27222364,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,HEX|S,"Staying true to the classic metroidvania (almost to a fault,) this game is a great homage to the genre and I would recommend it outright."
76561197980734862,Recommended,332200,27050982,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,All_Outta_Puns,"If you liked Metroid, then this is the game for you! It has a quirky, kind of dark story, lovely pixle graphics, and creepy ol' heads for days! I really love this game, and it stands on its own as a platformer even without the metroid-vania nostalgia goggles. 8/10 Highly reccomend."
,Recommended,332200,27027557,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,glowingdark,"This game brings back the feel of Metroid / Super Metroid while having its own style.  With some challenging boss battles, and a few interesting game mechanics, it is a fun nostalgia trip.  A must play for any Metroidvania fan.  I give it a solid 10/10."
76561198068360902,Recommended,332200,27297136,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Herr Sten,"Is very much a metroidvania. If that suits you, just buy it."
,Recommended,332200,27391233,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Q Sirius Doritos,"Fun and challenging. Exploring is fun, except those times when you're like I HAVE NO IDEA WHERE TO GO AND I'VE CHECKED EVERYWHERE.I haven't played Super Metroid, but this plays very similarly. If you like that game, you will love this."
,Recommended,332200,26913268,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,InGame,It's a great revisit to the classic Metroid-Formula. Truly Great.
76561198001346271,Recommended,332200,26653513,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Snarkles,"If you're looking for a metroid fix, you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,332200,26931508,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TheRealSlimSandwich,"This game is great. Metroidvania, mostly metroid though. Expect a metroid game with this one"
76561198056135885,Recommended,332200,26932355,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,N3rDtR0n1C,The gameplay is really enjoyable and it is an absolute blast to explore the enviroment and find secrets to help with your epic journey.
,Recommended,332200,26949558,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Abstract Generalized Nonsense,This game is a love letter to Super Metroid. It is more Super Metroid than Metroid Fusion. It is more Super Metroid than Metroid.
76561198007434508,Recommended,332200,26741463,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,ecma [Linux],"Highly recommended, very similar to Super Metroid, just as good."
76561198033505275,Recommended,332200,26825022,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kejor,Everything that a metroidvania fan needs in their life
,Recommended,332200,26789252,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Filthy .h4Rriis ツ #Royal,Best Love Letter to Metroid
,Recommended,332200,26818670,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,NetKrouse,"I bought this game expecting something like Metroid. Instead, I got a bizarre and wonderful adventure through a world far more alien than almost any other game I have ever played. I'm still not entirely sure that I understand the story completely, and perhaps I never will. If Phillip K.♥♥♥♥♥♥wrote video games instead of novels, they probably would have ended up something like Axiom Verge.Very highly recommended."
,Recommended,332200,26988002,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Neal McBeal the Navy SEAL,"This game is basically the Metroid game I've waited years to play, and so much more. I seriously recommend picking it up!"
,Recommended,332200,24062810,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Caladan,"An incredible Sci-Fi throwback to the super nintendo. If you like Metroid games or Castlevania, you'll love this. This game is goood. Highly recommend."
76561198097559702,Recommended,332200,24014258,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Lily,I have to say that I rather enjoyed this game quite a bit. It was worth the money and I'd love to play more of it. I've always enjoyed this style of game and to have one that's so well done is a breath of fresh air. The scenory makes me feel a bit uneasy at times and the enemies(and even allies) can be rather frightening at times. Over all it was an excellent experience and I'd recommend picking it up for sure.
,Recommended,332200,23989903,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,TrueWOPR,"I'm sure the entire concept process of this game, which was made by one guy, is.Dev: ""How long until Nintendo makes another 2D Metroid game?  Never?  SCREW THEM!  I'M GOINGTO MAKE MY OWN 2D METROID GAME!  AND IT'LL HAVE BLACKJACK AND HOOKERS!"""
,Recommended,332200,23997330,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,zerogates,"Closer to castlevania than metroid in terms of gameplay, the controls are fairly good although there are some issues with certain movements triggering on you without you wanting them to due to the nature of how the ability works (being generic to prevent spoilers).  As far as difficulty, it's below average.  Enemies are predictable, and you rarely have any length between saves to make things problematic.The strengths and reasons to buy the game are the story, sound track, and the exploration.  If you want a difficult game I would suggest something else, but it is worth it for sure for anyonethat likes a good game."
76561197983686267,Recommended,332200,23958773,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,L3V1ATH0N,"Seriously, just get this game. Music is awesome, controls are awesome, weapons are awesome, and the difficulty curve is really well balanced. There's no school like the old school!"
,Recommended,332200,24006536,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,-[FF]- Pendleton,"I can't believe it's not Metroid. (particularly because it's so well made, it reminds me of the good old days of Super Metroid)"
76561197963517263,Recommended,332200,24004241,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Hiphastis,"Can't say much more, If you have any intrest in any sort of older style metroidvania game this takes the cake. it is everything i havnt played in  so many years and just that much more, and unique to make it feel like it is the first time i am playing a game like this. the music is done great and if you have any sort of paitence to try a hard platforming, deep story, long confusing maps, lots of secrets and upgrades type of game. Then you need to give it a try it."
,Recommended,332200,24004566,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,McSpanky,"Excellent Metroid-like game. The controls are solid. The level designs are great, with plenty of tricks and hidden spots. Ton of different weapons to find. As well as some pretty creative tools.But it is more than just another Metroidvania. Axiom Verge has much of what I loved so much about Metroid. That eerie sci-fi feel (both in visuals and music) is totally there. The freedom of movement between levels. Add to that a really interesting (and sometimes creepy) story that slowly unfolds, and you have a really really good game.Highly recommend it to anyone that enjoyed the original Metroid."
,Recommended,332200,23982031,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Molyporph,"This is one of my favorite games of 2015, maybe even my favorite. I can't really say much bad things about it.The game feels great, there are a lot of weapons and you can choose your favorite, the music is awesome, there are tons of secrets and I love the look.The story is basic, that's about it, I can't really say more about it, good or bad.If you are looking for a 2D metroidvania with a focus on shooting things, check out Axiom Verge."
76561198064593646,Recommended,332200,23913233,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Sladus,I am not easy to please when it comes to games. I have to say that I really enjoyed this one.  It has a really good Scifi story that pretty much tells you there will be a part two.  The controls and gameplay flowed well and I liked the weapons and abilities.Good game.
,Recommended,332200,23887944,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Scout,"This is a love letter to the NES version of Metroid.Spiritually, this would be Metroid 2.5 as it is more polished that the first two, but less so than Metroid Fusion, Metrod Zero Mission and Super Metroid."
,Recommended,332200,24199092,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Nick Onimura,I can't recommend this game enough if you're looking for an awesome Metroid-style game.
,Recommended,332200,24199746,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,eltee,"(9.5/10)The true sequel to super metroid, this game is utterly packed with things to find, do, blast, run from, etc.  The music is intense, the story is cryptic but intriguing, the graphics are everything you would have ever dreamed of in the 16 bit era.  I honestly place this very close to symphony in the overall spectrum of amazing metroidvanias.The only thing really lacking is any kind of true fast transportation system.  Its not critical/dire as later on you can generally just run through areas with some of the best weapons taking everything down, but still it can be something of a drag if you know you need to get to somewhere on the other side of the whole map.Beyond that though the game really is stunning and I cannot reccomend it highly enough for all lovers of 2d platformers/metroidvania style exploration/unlocking"
76561198133852633,Recommended,332200,24198876,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Gunstar Blaziken,"Axiom Verge is a well-made sci-fi Metroid-style game that has an interesting story. The gameplay is fun and it feels rewarding when you find new areas, items, and secrets! The music is both good at fitting the mood and to listen to as well. It's a must-buy in my book!"
,Recommended,332200,28089232,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,THECapedCaper,"Great game for that Metroidvania itch, though it may be a tad short for a casual playthrough it offers quite a bit of replayability and makes you want to get that 100%.Here's hoping for Axiom Verge 2!"
,Recommended,332200,28010608,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Bha!,"I love how more and more developers are running away from top notch GFX, latest technologies or full 3D enviorements and just go with tradicional features with the likes of gaming roots.Axiom Verge will soon remind the player about Metroid game and NES style sound effects and graphics with todays vision of games.It is impossible to give a bad review to this game even if weren't my cup of tea because the product here is just plain awesome."
,Recommended,332200,27946558,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Dean O'Laura (Tuxedodin),Checks off every box in the metroidvania design manual.
,Recommended,332200,27930371,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Schar,"If you like Metroid, you should like this game. But even if it looks and feels like Metroid it's something else. First of all, you find different weapons, which seems usefull in different locations but useless at another location, so you change your weapon based on the area you are. Its not a rock-paper-scissor system, that some weapons do more damage on monster X or Y, its just that you can hit these monsters better when you use the right weapon at the right place.The settings feels different from metroid, it feels more like turrican. The areas and the enemies are strange and unknown it just feels like another planet. And with the music in the background the game is realy great.What a i miss a bit, are given mapmarkers. So that the game tells you that you should visit this spot. This doesnt mean that you get a Navigation system that tells you, take this portal walk that way. It means that it jsut marks a spot on your map and you have to find your way to it.The graphic is made like the 16Bit era, so the game looks like, how it should look like. It's relative detailed and the animations are okay.Result:Gameplay 8/10 (-2 for missing map markers and the clunky grappling hook)Sound 7/10 (it works, but it's the same hurt soundfile for the different sizes of monsters)Music 10/10Graphic 9/10 (realy detailed, animations okay, settings atmospheric)85%"
76561198008131131,Recommended,332200,28410717,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,mizzamar,"One of the best games I have ever played. I was totally surprised by its depth and the perfectly balanced gameplay. The soundtrack is amazing as well. Thanks for creating this game, man!"
,Recommended,332200,28459064,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Q!,"This game certainly has it's problems, but overall I really enjoyed the 10 hours I spent with it. One thing I really liked was the feel of the game, it really felt like I was in a different dimension and the glitch gun thing is honestly a huge part of it, being able to change the behaviour of enemies by glitching them was a pretty cool idea."
76561198001016768,Recommended,332200,28479259,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Sargonnas,"Fantastic experience. Plays on nostalgia, but is a truly great game in its own right."
,Recommended,332200,28500887,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,DeLuman,The best metroid game I've played since metroid prime.
76561197976579896,Recommended,332200,28496531,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Cpt. Fapp Brannigan,"Awesome game. Very fun to play. There were some parts where it was difficult to figure out where to go, but other than the frustration there, everything in the game is great. Only the first few bosses are what I would consider easy. The last few 3 or 4 bosses were really difficult in my opinion. You'll feel accomplished from beating them the first time. The soundtrack in the game is also very fitting."
76561198136473410,Recommended,332200,28335205,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,sergi.gonzalez,"If you love Metroid, this game is for you."
,Recommended,332200,28394253,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,fana-m,"One of the best Games i played in the last time.Good dificulty,amazing soundtrack,only one or two ""where to go next"" phases where a bit tricky.Nevertheless, beats some AAA titles without a problem."
76561197970990703,Recommended,332200,28312331,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,morphismus,"This game really got me from the beginning - I even put Fallout 4 aside for two weeks, just to play and finish Axiom Verge. It is a clever mix of Metroid and Turrican and the setting also reminds me a bit to Kabuki Quantum Fighter. But don't get me wrong - it is definitely not a clone. It has a unique story, look and feel and somehow captures the all the positive things from the classic games I've mentioned before. I especially enjoyed the upgrades and new weapons. And if you think you know everything about a certain map you might be surprised by new secrets the next you come back with more powerful gear. The soundtrack also contributes to the great retro experience."
,Recommended,332200,28294889,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Orgel Seira,"Solid metroidvania with retro pixel art done the right way and exceptionally good music. Gameplay is well varied, thanks to many weapons, upgrades and some interesting mechanisms, including enemy hacking, drilling through tiles and finding codes to unlock areas/story. Story is engaging, though the ending isn't particularly strong. The weak point is bosses, they aren't challenging on Normal difficulty, some are trivial with the right weapon."
,Recommended,332200,22589610,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Chunk Buster,"Absolutely brilliant game. Feels like it akes a lot of influence from Super Metroid, and the storyline is amazing."
,Recommended,332200,24210891,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Nihilat,Definitely recommend this for anyone who likes Metroid.
76561198198011235,Recommended,332200,24259406,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,DerWanderer3,I loved this game.  The music and story were highlights for me.  Occasionally I'll read or watch a good sci-fi story and think about it for days after ; things like when I first watched Brazil or read the orignal Foundation trilogy come to mind.  This complelty happened with Axiom Verge.  I hope there ends up being a sequel.
76561197971520590,Recommended,332200,24146194,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,DyausPitar,9.5/10 HOoMYou enjoy games like Super Metroid/Castlevania with a science fiction vibe to it? Then this is the game for you.
,Recommended,332200,24123699,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,agitcraft,This scratches every itch a metroid fan could have
76561197968400951,Recommended,332200,17783687,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,家 ᶀᶅÅᶎтaŘÐZ 家,"Simply put, this is ""THE"" reboot of, and encapsulation of everything a MetroidVania should be.  It's just complete.  Don't worry about the price-tag.  The soundtrack in this game alone is set-the-controller down and listen worthy.  You'll be listening to the tracks on youtube months after you beat this game and each note carries you back to that perplexing puzzle you ultimately solved in order to better augment your character for that final battle.- Great level design (never felt truly lost, yet always felt a sense of urgency and relevance in my travels throughout)- Audio and Music are second to none (the enemies are unique in their audio even their reactions to being shot, Music will speak for itself as it's captivating and draws every atmosphere artistically.)- Gameplay is spot on captures the MetroidVania mechanic to the T. (This game still remains to have it's own presence as far as control, you'll have to play it to understand it.)- tl;dr Great game with great music, evenly paced with a strong sense of reward for full completion of the map."
76561198015556921,Recommended,332200,16507689,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,komboloi25,Just great fun for 80 KIDS :)
,Recommended,332200,15936043,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Y4nni X3nobia,"A brilliant game which outshines many others of the same genre, including certain games which directly inspired it.If you like exploring then this game could very well be right up your alley.  As far as puzzle mechanics go, I find this to be much superior to Fez, in that some of Fez's puzzles required community collaboration (METATRON, anyone?), however this does not, a keen eye and leaving no stones unturned will yield the solutions to even seemingly the most complex puzzles (and there are some very unconventional puzzles in the game).This is the best single-player game I have played since playing single-player mode on Mercenary Kings.  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,332200,15922472,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Vex,"A love letter to Metroidvania that still manages to stand on its own; it's well worth the play, even if it's a little rough around the edges. I beat the game on Normal difficulty with 100% completion in 16 hours.It gets the feel mostly right, but dialog and cutscenes happen just often enough that the sense of pleasant loneliness that comes from exploring a hostile alien world is lost. In addition, the story, while generally fine, is told somewhat strangely--too much detail to hold much mystery, and yet not enough detail to appreciate its scope. I actually think it's fine that you can't really relate to most of the characters, being that they're supposed to be so alien, but the one that you are supposed to connect with is still fairly bland.Controls are fine--the addition of a lock button to hold still while aiming is a nice touch, but there's a dash ability that requires double-tapping a direction that gets kind of old, and probably should have been its own button. Nonetheless, the game presents enough interesting ways of maneuvering around the environment that just traversing rooms feels pretty satisfying.Item collection is probably the game's weakest aspect--there's a ton of backtracking, and the map doesn't have any indication of what items you have or haven't gotten--it only tells you if you got them all. This would be forgivable if there weren't a pretty sizable number of items that are almost impossible to find without a cheat sheet or a lot of obsessive checking of every single wall, and some require even more unorthodox solutions--I'm all about out-of-the-box problem-solving, but the game gives little indication of even where to start in some parts (helpful hint: try 'scrambling' every enemy at least once to see what it does.) When you don't feel like you can trust the information provided by the game--when you aren't even given indication that you *should* be curious about a room--it makes for a pretty tedious exploration experience. This is further exacerbated by the lack of a final powerup that essentially trivializes navigation in the early areas of the game--an important element that helps mitigate the fact that the threats of the areas you're backtracking through are no longer challenging to someone with all the weapons and power-ups the endgame affords.Visually, the game knocks it out of the park--environments and enemies are beautifully bizarre, and come in almost endless variety. Nothing more to really say about it--it's a visual treat you'll be happy to pore over.The sound design is similarly excellent: the music has good variety while keeping a certain pulsing feel that makes every area feel alive and alien; your weapons sound appropriately powerful, and your enemies sound appropriately monstrous. The only two knocks I have here are the low-health alert, while cleverly timed to the beat of the music, is rather piercing, and the ""clang"" you get when you hit an invulnerable part of an enemy becomes overpowering when you start fighting large bosses with rapid-fire weapons (since they tend to be almost entirely invulnerable save for a small weak point.)Overall, this is a great game, and my complaints are really mostly nit-picking--I enjoyed it thoroughly, and I can't wait to see the next game from Mr. Happ."
,Recommended,332200,18883430,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Player 2,"Pros: Metroidvania, great story, great aesthetic, solid controls.Cons: Bosses a little easy, but I'm only 90 minutes in, so...Highly recommend.  Especially if you grew up in the NES era."
76561198032280250,Recommended,332200,30594956,Posted: 18 March,all,Lum!X,"A realy enjoyable and good metroidvania type game with a great soundtrack. The weapons and upgrades in this game are a lot of fun, although collecting 100% of the items will take 50+ hours. If you just play the game you will finish it in about 6-10 hours. The only thing that bothered me were the levels, which sometimes can get a bit repetitive."
,Recommended,332200,18936444,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Zachillion,Graphics and music are splendid. Gameplay is also really sweet. On the downside is the storyline and the game is a bit short. All in all it's worth playing.
76561198039870367,Recommended,332200,29264422,Posted: 14 January,all,BSpitz,"From a huge Metroid fan's perspective:Yes, it looks and plays like Metroid. If you are like me and think to yourself, ""So what? I'm a huge Metroid/Castlevania fan and I have seen a billion 'Metroidvanias'. None of them have wowed me like the games ending in '-oid' or 'vania', so what makes this one different?""Imagine, if you can, the first time you played a Metroid game. You would unlock one ability after another, each one opening the world in around of you. Try to remember that epiphany moment upon getting that upgrade you had no idea would exist, but made perfect sense after the fact. For me, it was getting the space jump in Fusion. ""It's not only a double jump, but you can jump forever?? Awesome!"" I was hooked ever since.Axiom Verge starts out very by the book, as far as copying Metroid is concerned. Get the thing that destroys certain blocks, get the thing that makes you smaller, get the different gun with different properties. You know it, and you have played THAT game before. However, after certain point in the game, I had no idea what to expect the next movement based ability to be. I knew SOMETHING was missing, but didn't quite know what exactly. It was like I was back in that powered down elevator shaft, with no idea what my goal was, other than to explore. It's a magical feeling,Also, I feel AV relies more on your abilities to move through your environment rather than blocking your way with a different colored block. I rarely found myself shooting my obstacle in AV, but rather moving around or through it.Try to go into this game as blind as possible. This game shouldn't just be compared to Metroid, but in the same league. Maybe we could call this stupid genre Axoidvania... or Metroidvergia... or not."
76561198031865242,Recommended,332200,29254420,Posted: 14 January,all,Ironically Nyas,"A great game and a great homage to metroid while still being unique. Reccommended if you are at all a fan of metroid or metroid style games.This may sound redundant for a metroidvania game, but this game has clear inspirational ties to metroid. Its not just the exploration based platforming gameplay, so many things, from the tile designs and atmosphere to the way the first powerup  is to the immediate left of the start point, this game pays great homage to metroid, while at the same time not feeling any obligation to copy it exactly. Anyone who has ever enjoyed a metroid game will be pleased by the games homages, and perhaps even more pleased by how different it decides to be from its inspiration. you will find no morph ball in this game, nor will you collect a million missiles, and in their place you will find many versatile weapons and powers to collect, with clever and original concepts and excecution.The game has an abundance of secrets as one would expect from a game with such heavy ties to metroid, but axiom verge is in my opinion far more fair about what constitutes a secret. No secret in this game requires that you bomb (or drill as the case may be) every floor wall and ceiling until you find a random energy tank or missile pack; all the secrets in axiom verge have clues to hint at their existence if you are observant enough, while still being subtle enough that it takes a clever mind and dedication to find everything.The setting and story is compelling, and constantly left me wondering what was going on and trying to figure out the world i was in. The game gives answers out to these questions with a satisfying slowness, and the ending leaves just a little bit to the imagination, just enough to fuel theories and speculation.The boss fights are all fair and interesting, if a bit easy if you are highly skilled at these types of games (which i am not). The bosses all have a specific way they need to be fought, and careful analysis of their attack patterns makes it possible (and given how strong their attacks are, neccessary) to avoid most if not all their attacks.Without going into detail, there are some features and powers in the game that will appeal to anyone who have ever enjoyed encountering glitches or corruptions in videogames, such as the glitch worlds in metroid or minus world from mario. The feature is very interesting and a fun suprise upon first playthroughs.Overall Axiom Verge is a fantastic game that I highly reccomend to any fans of metroid or similarly playing games."
76561197960532969,Recommended,332200,29435483,Posted: 22 January,all,Personspeoples.,"If you like Metroid, you'll like this.  If you like Metroid, Sumerian culture references, and homages to Eric Chahi games, then you probably already own this but if not you probably should.It's a good game with a very strong personal touch.  A lot of skill and care went into making it and the game is all around fun with no particular dry spells or weak parts that come to mind.One friendly tip - when you get a new ability, really push its functionality.  This game takes that aspect of the Metroid school of design very seriously."
76561198250128808,Recommended,332200,29438093,Posted: 22 January,all,sirby9019,"A good metroid clone, with also a few interesting ideas."
76561197971291045,Recommended,332200,29433103,Posted: 22 January,all,Thrill,I think this is the indie Metroidvania that has felt closest in production values to a Metroid or a 'Vania. Plays really well with your expectations and brings something new to the table pretty reliably! I recommend this more or less without reservation.
,Recommended,332200,29412860,Posted: 21 January,all,SirMal,"If you like the super nintendo super metroid game thant you will love this game.Played with a controller and the control are very good.Many types of items, creatures and bosses."
,Recommended,332200,29413120,Posted: 21 January,all,ChomskyHonk,The best metroidvania game I have played. The gameplay and OST are the shining beacons which light the way toward it's classic status in my heart.
76561198171882882,Recommended,332200,29493611,Posted: 25 January,all,Evernight,"Control scheme is the worst thing about this game, and even that is negligible.It's impressively well made."
76561197994315614,Recommended,332200,29455240,Posted: 23 January,all,Salganos,"This game accomplishes some of the aesthetic goals of the original Metroid better than Metroid did, particularily the oppressively isolating atmosphere (with an ample helping of paranoia) and the eerie non-hummable (yet memorable) backgroud music, which contributes very effectively to the former.It also manages to accomplish having more repetetive boss fights (barring one suppressive-fire-puzzle boss), which might be less of a credit, but still works out pretty well, as all of them require relatively consistent good timing and reaction speed to survive and defeat, as well as some effort to determine the best weapon for the job.Ultimately, it also scarred my soul better than the original Metroid, which was itself already memorable.  I'm not forgetting this one, ever.(... so many corpses ... *shudder*)"
,Recommended,332200,29408061,Posted: 21 January,all,Leprosy,It's a lot of fun. Gamepad recommended.
76561198040320102,Recommended,332200,29318881,Posted: 17 January,all,BigBadWolf,"Very cool game, uses the metroid style excellently and enhances it with a very trippy storyline and a lot more things to put to your arsenal"
,Recommended,332200,29529515,Posted: 27 January,all,Athetos,"Just about finished with the game, but I can say I'm deeply satisfied.  The story captivated me and world was so brilliantly made.  I cannot comment on the difficulty as I played on hard and haven't had too much trouble.The control scheme can be a bit hard to master though.  The little things you can do with it open up a lot of possibilities and the creativity needed to get to some hidden locations is satisfying to find.  The abilities you gain through the game make for a variety of approaches to situations and puzzles.The world is incredible. A dark atmosphere and state of confusion piqued my curiosity to keep going forward. Seeing the standard signs for the areas I would have to back track to kept my mind interested in my next ability.  The little notes found throughout the world enrich the story and give it more life.  The boss fights fit and their dialogue insinuates the true dilemma going on in the world.Athethos lied."
76561198164593271,Recommended,332200,29348410,Posted: 18 January,all,quackashmolly,"go play it, just ... PLAY IT, !!NNNOOWW"
,Recommended,332200,28766701,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Vaizze,"One of the best metroidvania games I've EVER played. I've played a good amount and usually get bored quickly, but not this one.  Although it has the concept of Metroid, it still does its own thing. Also, the music is fantastic!Definitely a must buy!"
,Recommended,332200,28858111,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,TasTe,one of the best games i've played IN YEARS!!! i'm not too much in retro gaming ....but this is a masterpiece!!! Must Buy for every person who thinks him/herself to be a Gamer....this is the real S**t!!!
,Recommended,332200,28813989,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,l3v1l33™,"im not sure how many hours i have in this game but i have played this game longer then some games i have paid 40$ for. i bed the dev to please make a number two. take this game and run with it. i would like to see a 3d version made, with like an unreal engine. or something. im not a computer god, im not sure how games are made but this game deserves its own fanchise."
,Recommended,332200,29039911,Posted: 5 January,all,のんびりThomas,"After 16 hours, I finally beat Axiom Verge. I don't typically write lengthy reviews, but I do have a few things to say about this game.I'll start off by saying that I recommend the hell out of this game. There were very few moments where I wasn't having fun throughout this. People said that it was a mix of Metroid and Castlevania, I think that hits the nail on the head for the most part. I saw some screenshots and, as someone who isn't really into sidescrollers, I thought I would give it a shot. I regret nothing. At first, navigating throughout the map seems tedious. However, as you improve in skill, become more familiar with the map, and accrue a variety of powerups and weapons, the game truly opens up.If you want a challenging game with beautiful pixel art and a fun as ♥♥♥♥ weapon loadout, check Axiom Verge out."
,Recommended,332200,24216506,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,thsouza2501,A true Metroidvania Masterpiece.[Thomas Happ does what Nintendon't...]
76561198015233287,Recommended,332200,29129946,Posted: 8 January,all,Mangu,"While I do recommend this game for Metroidvania fans, I have a bit of a gripe with the art style... they went almost full NES retro art... was it too hard to make sprites a bit better and not so close to pure 8-bit? The game could use a bit more of detail to the art, the color palette feels washed out and the level of detail is a level beyond NES Metroid and below Super Metroid... IT IS good, I just think the artwork could've been better if the artist was good enough to deliver this much.If you want awesome 32-bit graphics like Super Mario World or Megaman X... this is not it. Even Shovel Knight has better artwork done :UIf you want great gameplay though, this is it!"
,Recommended,332200,29132921,Posted: 8 January,all,Goyo,"The premise is there, and most reviews are correct. Not much else to say than try it for yourself and have a good time.Don't expect it to surpass historic titles though, that's unrealistic and unfair.8/10"
,Recommended,332200,29173617,Posted: 10 January,all,[Y²H] Wölkchen,"I really like this game even if it has a few downsides. For example: Allthough I like the music, it is very prominent. Sometimes I need to mute audio because I need to concentrate or I'm simply annoyed by it. I never had this with any Metroid game I played. The controls are also not 100% there. There is a move that requires a double tap with the directional control. I own an Xbox 360 pad and prefer to play with the left stick. However for that specific move I must use the d-pad simply because I can't pull that move off otherwise. I also accidentally press the left stick weapon quick select all the time which means I select a weapon I don't wanna use at that time.Other than that the game is almost flawless. Compatibility with Linux/SteamOS is also a big plus."
,Recommended,332200,28741976,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,2weird2die,"<3 Fun worth the money! Perfect gameplay, lots of guns, powerups, upgrades... tons of enemies, great story, perfect music worth buying!"
76561197982853347,Recommended,332200,28799040,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Woodman,"Great Metroidvania game. It basically IS Metroid for what it's worth. Controls can be a little bit of a bear at times, but it just takes a bit of practice. So far the bosses have been pretty easy, all you have to do it figure out their ""patterns"" and then blast away.Definetly worth a go if you like Metroidvania / Retro-Styled games!"
76561198097822273,Recommended,332200,28799151,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,heROFtime92,"Amazing!This is a 10/10!The game is an amazing experience, any fan of the Metroidvania style would be pleased with Axiom Verge.It definitely has some replay value and it's really worthy!Great Story, Amazing gameplay and a terrific game overall!"
,Recommended,332200,28799191,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,"Makooti, the Bionic Man","Axiom Verge is an absolutely fantastic metroidvania game. It draws the best gameplay elements from the classics and rings out its own spin on things, solidly standing on its own while nodding respectfully to its inspiration.The artstyle, soundtrack, and gameplay are all top notch. The amount of items is unbelieveable. I just finished my first play through on normal, taking a my time to explore, and I totalled 14 hours. The only 100% I got was of the tools.The story is also cool, with some fantastic plot twists. If you personally find the story lacking, the gameplay is still great.Seriously, if you like this genre, or want to get into it, I can't recommend it enough."
76561198109201911,Recommended,332200,29134394,Posted: 8 January,all,ChronicMirth,"I. Love. Axiom. Verge.The music, the aesthetic, the playability. It's all perfect. I am not going to give this game a score becasue it is special. What I like most about this game is the feel of being in a very VERY strange world.One of the parts that kinda had me slowly retract was when you are riding this head/snail across a very long hall. And the best part of the game is(MASSIVE SPOILER)You get to fight Immortan Joe at the end!!Some of the environments are just fun to look at. And the music?! F***ing amazing. From the intro to the boss fights, Happ knows how to create atmosphere with a stellar soundtrack.Having played his previous title ,Orn, I was eager to jump into the world of Axiom Verge.I recommend this game to anyone who likes platform adventure shooters.Happ if you are reading this, thank you so much for making such a beautiful game."
,Recommended,332200,29116785,Posted: 8 January,all,thebluerider,"Awesome Metroidvania game, great controls (gamepad), fairly large, great weapons and skills, awesome soundtrack and grafics. I just love this game"
,Recommended,332200,30021990,Posted: 18 February,all,solarshado,"This is the Metroid game we wanted, not Other M."
,Recommended,332200,29973376,Posted: 16 February,all,Necco Z.,"Although not the best story ever, this game got me hooked. At start, you simply can't understand what's going on, but you can't stop playing anyway. The game grew on me, It's completely worth it."
,Recommended,332200,29684737,Posted: 3 February,all,Triarius,"This game got me into metroid style games. I feel that both people new to the genre like me, and those who are long time fans will enjoy this game equally as much. This truly is a masterful game.Pros:-Great soundtrack-Unique mechanics (Glitches)-Mysterious story-Tons of optional secrets-Tons of weapons/upgrades-Built in speedrunning timerCons:-Short (8-12 hours)-Hard mode is not really harder-Certian randomized secret areas can sometimes be impossibleOverall: 95/100"
76561197984914446,Recommended,332200,29691431,Posted: 4 February,all,shanesemler,"I was enjoying Axiom Verge. Then I got to a point where I didn't know where to go next or get vital upgrades. It also got extremely difficult but I didn't seem to be getting any better. Consequently, my progress screeched to a halt so I lost interest. I doubt I'll ever finish this game.Pros: Amazing music, pixel art, and atmosphere. Tight controls. I was genuinely engaged with the story. Lots of exploration. It's Metroid.Cons: Lots of exploration. Suffers from where-the-hell-am-supposed-to-go-now syndrome. Lot's of back-tracking, which gets tedious. It's Metroid.I can't give this game a thumbs down but I think it suffers some design flaws. Just be aware of what you're getting when you buy Axiom Verge."
,Recommended,332200,29902580,Posted: 13 February,all,Vulpes Omiroth,"This game is not only a well built platformer but also an interesting philosophical agruement about the nature of reality. Having playing the old school metroid platformers as well as all of the megaman zero titles I am no stranger to what makes of breaks a good platformer. This game is just that, a good platformer. What it lacks in quantity of levels and environments it makes up for in well made classic platformer gameplay with new twists. I'd love to go more into detail, but you will have no spoilers from me. It's worth the journey, even for the cheesy twist ending."
,Recommended,332200,29883261,Posted: 12 February,all,Oscar Giannino,"A REALLY good metroidvania name. What's a metroidvania? An exploration-action hybrid with large expansive 2d map, items, sense of progression and empowering your character. This game is good example of the genre, even if it is a bit linear/easy."
76561198032081563,Recommended,332200,28773051,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,DethIncarn8,Ireallylike this game. Excellent nod to Metroid.
,Recommended,332200,28840181,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Squirrel Girl,"It's like Metroid, but more shooting."
,Recommended,332200,28785816,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Octacroc,"Great Metroidvania, nice atmosphere."
,Recommended,332200,28929508,Posted: 1 January,all,magoclown,"Great game I really like this game, I only play one run but in the future Im gonna make another to get all the items. If you like the gameplay of classic metroid this is for you.But no only is the gameplay, the story of the game is great."
,Recommended,332200,28853543,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Screaming Yeti,Really good. Play it.
76561197990100619,Recommended,332200,28927802,Posted: 1 January,all,Laser Razor,"If you are a Metroid-vania head, this is one for the books. It draws heavily from the NES Metroid, which is not a bad thing. Much bigger and more indepth than most. A real treat of a game. You will even get stuck in a ways that make you love the game more. Buy this now. Seriously."
,Recommended,332200,28925888,Posted: 1 January,all,Tenken,Really great game it reminds me of playing Metroid for the first time again.
,Recommended,332200,28926284,Posted: 1 January,all,russo,"Really liked the game. I expected something a bit more difficult but still haven't tried hard mode yet. The controls and mechanics are really fun and with a little creativity it's possible to combine them to go faster or avoid enemies.At first the weapons didn't seem quite interesting but after half of the game became lot more useful and I ended up switching them a lot more than at the beginning of the game.As a SoTN and Metroid fan, I had a lot of fun with this game and might play a little more."
76561198027055286,Recommended,332200,29014370,Posted: 4 January,all,ELMEGAHYPER,A+
,Recommended,332200,28724208,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Dyne,"I bought this game on a whim during one of Steam's many sales because I occasionally like to play retro platformers for 30 minutes or so a month. Usually they don't hold my attention much longer than that because with a lot of them if you've played one you've played them all. Axiom Verge sucked me in for hours on my first play. My initial impression was ""wow, this is a Metroid clone right down to the map and enemy style"" but it very quickly deviates and becomes its own game. Obviously it was heavily inspired by the original NES Metroid but the developer has added a ton of his own original ideas to make it both more challenging and more interesting.I'm not very far into the game because it is actually pretty freaking hard at some parts so I'll just give my initial impression and why I think it grabbed me so quickly:Plot: The plot is interesting from what I've seen so far and although ""story moments"" are few and far between, they give you just enough to keep you wanting to see the next ""cut scene"" and figure out what is going on. Aside from dialogue before boss encounters and at certain points when you discover something important, you're left alone to just play the game... which is nice but it is certainly different from modern games where you always know where you're supposed to go next. There is a lot of independent exploration in Axiom Verge.Combat: Combat is pretty straightforward if you've ever played an action-platformer. It is, as I have already said, very reminiscent of Metroid but there are some key differences. For one thing as far as I have seen you don't need a certain weapon to defeat specific enemies. Which weapon you use is completely up to which ones you like to use. Thanks to modern systems that have more than two buttons on the controller, switching between weapons is easy and quick. The main difference between Axiom Verge and Metroid's combat is you can lock your character in place with one button so that you can freely aim your gun to hit targets at weird angles you wouldn't be able to hit while moving. I didn't use this a lot at first but let me tell you it is almost essential during some of the boss battles.Controls: For the most part the controls are fantastic but I am using a steam controller and some of the default button bindings are messed up. If you're holding the left trigger to lock your characters movement and using the joystick to aim your gun, it keeps switching weapons because I guess that is also the way to quick select guns. I'm sure you can fix that yourself I just haven't gotten around to it yet.Graphics & Sound: Both gloriously retro Nintendo. The soundtrack is phenomenal, I must say. The art is decent. Most of the enemies are smaller so there's only so much you can do with a handful of pixels but the bosses and character animations look great.Overall: I really didn't think I was going to like this game this much. It was like a dollar and I just wanted more games in my library that I could play with my Steam Controller. I was very pleasantly surprised. I'd recommend checking it out even when it's not on sale."
76561198012062072,Recommended,332200,28720681,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Weeb Trash,"Definitely pick it up if you love classic Metriodvania games.I loved this, but as a veteran of this genre I felt it was far too short, and the story feels like it could have had more. For the more hardcore players, the speedrun mode and higher difficulty will really shine for you."
76561197970946586,Recommended,332200,32307731,Posted: 9 June,all,Mr War,"Loved it, a game that wears it's inspiration on it's sleeve - Metroid. If you liked any of the NES/SNES era metriod-vania games then this won't disappoint."
76561198157944175,Recommended,332200,32422753,Posted: 14 June,all,Legomeister1360,"I think my game is corrupted. Some textures of the wall are flickering, some enemies have broken textures and behave differently, certain parts of the world are blocked off by large errors, and sometimes I can phase through walls. Hopefully this is fixed soon ;)"
76561198210746057,Recommended,332200,32391352,Posted: 13 June,all,jkowalski74,Well done game.  I would easily recommend it to anyone who enjoys Metroidvania (more Metroid than Castlevania).
,Recommended,332200,32396694,Posted: 13 June,all,tearfromthered,It's a very good 8 bit metroidvania-like. However it got so much hype and good reviews I don't really see what is better in this one than is many other titles that didn't get that kind of attention.
76561198064209679,Recommended,332200,32179679,Posted: 4 June,all,Pesuñas,"An excelent game, excelent gameplay, excelent environment music, the graphic style is amazing. The only bad thing is that the game could be boring after 70% of the game, because the items found them will be less interesting and the journey of the map could be complicated and boring, but that is easy to solve if we use the marks on the map correctly :).I love this game."
,Not Recommended,332200,31944227,Posted: 24 May,all,darksteelhyren,"Successfully weirded me out.  The hallucination boss was too much.Gameplay was solid, for what it's worth.  My only minor complaint being that walls have two ways to be secretly circumventable (drill and address)."
76561198054316613,Recommended,332200,31970819,Posted: 26 May,all,E-Dragon,"Another great metroidvania game.+ awesome soundtrack+ many different weapons (even though only few of them are actually useful sadly)+ a challenging difficulty (yes that's a good thing for anyone that likes a challenge like me)+ really good movement later on in the game (as a speedrunner of various other games I highly enjoyed going fast casually)+ if you are done with the game then there's still 100%, or just do a speedrun in speedrun mode+ interesting story line, as you only get one view from the playing through itself, but there's a lot more background information you can find in the notes+ good art direction with use of colours, effects and pixelart- some control flaws with dashing and not being able to go to one direction, but shooting towards the other one- maybe too difficult for some people- some item locations are pretty bs and you won't be able to find everything on your ownall in all I highly enjoyed playing this game and it's well worth the money."
,Recommended,332200,31981563,Posted: 26 May,all,Radical_Dreamer,"I really loved axiom verge, it had a few rough edges, but overall was very entertaining and had a decent story."
,Recommended,332200,32000245,Posted: 27 May,all,Vintage_Dougers,Very fun Metroid-esque game. Well done!
76561198043765709,Recommended,332200,31946449,Posted: 24 May,all,Lord Squirrlington Nutstasher,"Absolute pleasure playing this game. Having played Metroid back in the days of the SNES and various games from back then i was pleased to go back to that time but with an interesting story to boot and an addicting soundtrack. I also recognised some sounds that i could swere were from games like Super R-Type and the like wich made the gameplay experiance just that much more fun.To be compleately honest, I don't normally buy games like this but when i saw the screenshots and what not, something in me just told me to go for it and i must say i was not dissapointed. 15 out of 10 stars. i will likely play through this game again when the urge hits me. Just wonderfull."
,Recommended,332200,32102293,Posted: 1 June,all,Rocket Lee,Excellent game. Possibly the best Metroidvania I've ever played (besides the Metroid games of course).
76561198015258490,Recommended,332200,32073654,Posted: 30 May,all,Strife,short but enjoyable game. 8/10
76561198083282326,Recommended,332200,32088779,Posted: 31 May,all,theoriginaltallman,Excellent indie game.... If you're into metroidvania games then this is for you.
76561198012965062,Recommended,332200,32447601,Posted: 15 June,all,Bagha,Extremely fun and creative game. The visuals are wonderful and at times stunning. I really wish there were more like this.
,Recommended,332200,32440594,Posted: 15 June,all,Anubyss,"I don't even know if I should review this game since I'm basically in love with the genre in general. Maybe it's the opposite. Anyway. Let's up some downs.UPs:+ The Atmosphere is just as hopeless and isolated (at first) as known from other Metroidvania titles.+++ It brings a lot of innovative gameplay ideas to the table (like the Remote Drone Teleport or corrupting/glitching enemies and walls)+ The soundtrack doesn't always fit to the atmosphere, but it kinda fits to the native Sudran culture in my book, at least in my imagination and judgdment of the Sudrans using the text logs found in game+ It has a fine story to go after, which actually suprised me, as the 2D Metroid games (except for maybe Metroid Fusion) did not offer that much of a background story to support the characters motives)+ I just can't help giving the Drone Teleport and the Scissor Beam their own up.DOWNS:-- The Bosses can be hard, but they are way too easy if you know the trick to them. Even the hardest boss in the game (a giant wasp) can be killed in a mere ten seconds. The final boss is an absolute joke if you go for 100% (or at least get the Flamethrower and a bit of extra health).- There are a lot of Health and Power Node fragments. I just prefer well hidden full nodes over having to collect 5 or 6 well hidden fragments. It makes them absolutely useless when not collecting a full set.- There is absolutely no reward for 100%ing the game (items and map) except for a short bonus sequence after the credits. That's one thing I hated since I got into the genre. Just don't do it, it's not worth it, and turns the final boss into a joke.OTHER COMMENTS:There are three weapons in the game that can only be obtained in hard difficulty secret worlds. However, there is only one of them in each playthrough (as they are generated randomly as you start a new game). I would've liked some sort of New Game+ feature in which you keep that one weapon you got on your last playthrough. That way players could've obtained all three of those secret weapons after three playthroughs and give this game even more replayability. Just a thought.Final Score: + 7:4 -Final comment: Axiom Verge is absolutely worth the money, even for people that don't have any experience with the Metroidvania genre. I once heard someone saying it's a prime example of a good Metroidvania game. And I absolutely agree."
,Recommended,332200,32439488,Posted: 15 June,all,Darinth,"A solid metroidvania game. My biggest complaint is with the bosss. One of them is simply a matter of a little initial setup and then standing in place and shooting. Another has too much going on and I don't believe the character is physically capable of being maneuverable enough to avoid everything, I ultimately beat it by just getting a bit more life and a new weapon and then just standing in place, face-tanking the projectiles, and shooting."
76561198132220768,Recommended,332200,32558760,Posted: 18 June,all,reader_of_dreams,"This game is outstanding. It plays just like Super Metroid, but with completely unique and original mechanics. I knew it was going to be good the moment I heard the music of the first stage, and with each passing room I wanted more. Definatly a worthwile experience. Axiom Verge hits all marks of a good Metroidvania game, and has some seriously groundbreaking mechanics that I would compare with the likes of Portal.Satisfying controls, mechanics, gameplay, music, exploration, secrets, humor, and challenge.Also,Mutton Chops FTW!"
,Recommended,332200,32584075,Posted: 19 June,all,ancientorange,"Sometimes I wonder why they call them Metroidvanias. I mean, instead of Legend of Metroids. Or Zeldroids. It wasn't until the second Castlevania that the gated RPG in a more or less open world showed up, and it wasn't always there. The most recent ones are more Devil May Cry than Metroidvania--and it's a Vania!I'm just saying, Zegend of Zelda and Metroid have consistently had the pieces in place in every game.Axiom Verge is a Legend of Metroid. It even feels right to call this game that. That is what it is: Legend of Metroid.You're welcome.One caveat though... but it has to be said: the sound design is not good.The music is solid 16-bit stuff. Fits and sets the atmosphere. The sounds are 8-bit bruises. They're super noise heavy, and I think he had the brilliance dialed all the way up because... Damn. Some of those sounds are painful at moderate volume.One of the worst is the alarm for when you're at low health. I find it really jarring. It's a perfect tone and it's so loud you can't miss it. I imagine that was the intent, and I acknowledge it's really really effective. You're never surprised you ran out of health, though sometimes you might feel relieved.I play it for about an hour at a time because of the sound issue.But I keep playing it. It's the best Legend of Metroid with bad sound effects I've ever wanted to play."
,Recommended,332200,32579823,Posted: 19 June,all,SineSwiper,"This is one of the best Metroidvania games I've played in years.  It invokes that Super Metroid feel without borrowing too much from it.  Many many original ideas here, from gameplay to weapons to story.  The unique story keeps you hungry for more, and even at the end, you can still uncover the hidden ulterior motives of the other characters.  This game comes with a ton of secrets, some of them really hard to find.And the soundtrack is phenomenal.  I can't believe one guy did everything here.Super Bunnyhop reviewed this game, but I thought he was way too harsh.  It kept me from picking it up when I did.  I'm at least glad I played it when I did.  Still hungry for more."
,Recommended,332200,32750162,Posted: 24 June,all,Belz,"I will dare and say it, this game has SURPASSED Metroid in style. Fantastic music, great alien atmosphere, fun weapons, engaging boss fights and last but not least, an intriguing story!It's a bit on the hard side if you come from the gba Metroid titles as enemies, especially in the later part of the game, hit pretty hard. Bosses are tricky enough that you might die a few times to figure out their paterns, but easy enough that if you are good at dodging, you might beat them on the first go.The game focuses less overpowering your enemy and instead adds artful dodging using various tools you find along your adventure. If you choose to fight though, you will have an entire arsenal to choose from (10+ ways to damage enemies).Exploration is still key to find most things, sometimes by breaking walls down and other times... well let's just say reality finds a way to let you through. Never got stuck on my first playthrough; the game has a specific path to take you to the end, but every now and then you can get a few items out of order if you explore carefully.The game does feel like it has a few too many collectibles to my taste (half the weapons in this game I didn't use more than once) and some of them need passwords (all found in-game in lore stuff) to unlock.The controls felt a bit weird at first, having a lot of tools over time to choose from and each having their own button in general. At least you can remap anything you want!Looking forward to the next installement!"
,Recommended,332200,29116086,Posted: 8 January,all,[STaB]@BLeeP,"Beautiful visuals, stellar soundtrack, and extremely tight Metroidvania game play. Easily one of the best in the genre, and highly recommended at any price."
76561197970739339,Recommended,332200,31854183,Posted: 19 May,all,Captain Chaos,"Axiom Verge is at its heart a love letter to Super Metroid, and you've probably read that sentence a dozen times already. However, like the best ""retro"" games, it takes some creative liberties with its source material and does things that devs in the 90s probably would not have thought of, and If they had, the tech level wouldn't have been able to keep up. It also has a level of mystery and worldbuilding unrivaled in the genre.First, I have to address some personal issues I had with the controls. Axiom Verge handles well enough to be quite playable, but it also rather noticably doesn't handle as well as Super Metroid or other games of the era, or even some of its own contemporaries: the Shantae games have much more fluid movement, for example. I found myself switching between the keyboard and an Xbox 360 controller on the fly depending on what I was doing, not wholly comfortable using either. In particular, aiming and firing felt much more natural on the controller, but grappling was far easier using the keyboard, thanks to what might be the shortest and most awkward grapple in gaming. It's like nobody but me played the 2009 Bionic Commando remake. It also has curiously easy boss fights for the genre, especially considering how dangerous some of the regular enemies are.That probably isn't a fair assesment of it, considering it was developed by one guy, unlike any of the other titles I just mentioned. With that in mind, Axiom Verge is an impressive work. It has a staggering variety of weapons that reads like a greatest hits list of shmup weaponry, everything from a basic linear projectile to a three-way spread, enemy-tracking lightning, R-Type-style curving lasers, Castlevania's fire vials, Ninja Gaiden's windmill stars, projectiles that bounce or travel along the ground, continous-fire lasers, an ice-shard spreadfire weapon and more.Where Verge really shines is in its setting. You are Trace, a nerdy laser scientist who, following an accident at his lab, awakens in a bizarre, otherworldy place filled with fantastic things that want him dead. Like the many dead worlds Samus Aran has set foot upon, what happened to the world of Axiom Verge happened long ago. But this is different. You are not a power-armored, alien dna-infused super-warrior. You are a dazed and confused everyman lost in a nightmare. You are treading among the bones of giants and the game's foreboding, H.R. Giger-esque artwork and eerie soundtrack heavily reinforces this. It reminds me vaguely of Xargon, an old Epic Games platformer from 1993.  A central theme of the game, without going into too much detail, is the idea that things are not always as they appear. As one reviewer put it, you think you know how Verge will end, but you don't. It may not even make very much sense to you when it does, so I suggest you hunt down those notes and pay very close attention to their wording.The game makes clever use of ""glitchy"" textures to represent areas of the world where reality has gone a bit fuzzy, when it is being re-written. What would indicate an error in any other game is a feature here, a potential gateway to elsewhere. With enough items, the world opens up in ways you probably woudn't have anticipated going in- where the journey of many other platformer protagonists would end, Trace's is only beginning. The esotericism of its backstory is even reflected in gameplay- some items are so well hidden that there is no possible way to discern their location without literally shooting and probing every wall with every ability, a questionable design choice, I'd say, but easily remedied by a guide and quite in keeping with the games' overall feel. There are even ""secret"" worlds whose placement and contents are randomized in each playthrough, that are implied to exist outside of the reality of most of the game- to the point where items found within do not count towards your completion percentage!If you are as big a fan of Metroidvania as I am, then you owe it to yourself to play Axiom Verge, but even more so if you appreciate quality aesthetic design in games and the ability of them to put you in a unfamilar and uncomfortable reality. Verge will remain in my conciousness for a very long time."
,Recommended,332200,31852355,Posted: 19 May,all,kiwistrongis,"Super good time :). Nice game, nice story, great graphics and music."
,Recommended,332200,31871662,Posted: 20 May,all,Enguss,"The graphic might be occasionally hard on your eyes, but finally there is something like the classic metroid in the post-2105 with interesting story, alien atomsphere and environment that reminds me of H.R. Giger's work."
,Recommended,332200,31832024,Posted: 18 May,all,Neurotical Mind,"When I first played Axiom Verg, I fell in love with it. I love the art stye, gameplay, story, music, everything. It may look alot like metroid but oh baby is it different in some ways. Also the way secrets are panned out is really interesting and can be a little easy to find or just pass you by unnoticed."
,Recommended,332200,31850108,Posted: 19 May,all,TheLightIsDying,"Pros-game engine: smooth, lag free, great retro aesthetic-art style: I like the bio-mechanical themes and how different visually each area is-gameplaylots of cool weapons and upgrades, platforming can be a little difficult at times but it mostly works-soundtrack: catchy, bassy, beats!Cons-difficulty: very tough game, especially if you are trying to find all the items and weapons; I shamelessly used a walkthrough, else I would have been screwed-story: I wish it was a bit more involved, I liked the setting and it seemed to have potentialOverall- very good game, frustrating at times, but rewarding too"
76561198046705079,Recommended,332200,31896021,Posted: 21 May,all,Xerclipse,"I had just invested about 4-6 hours at this point, and I just fought the 4th boss at Kur (Grib Tab / scorpion thingy). And I started off playing Hard mode. I decided to dive straight into hard mode without even knowing the game before hand.If this is what people call a ""metroidvania game"" its got me really hooked into the genre. I have to say this is one of the few true metroidvania games that I really felt invested in. I also played DMC3, Spyro Attack of the Rhynocos and Ninja Gaiden Black which are fairly close to the genre where you gotta backtrack to progress and upgrade.Usually I play linear platformers but this game does have ""different"" type of platforming. Its just not instant kill mobile buzzsaws, pendulums, moving platforms, unpredictable spikes or etc. Most common enemies act as the hazards themselves rather than trying to kill you (although some types will follow you and jump over platforms if necessary.).You definately change as the protagonist is changing. He is getting stronger but so are you. i used to fear those humanoid zombie thingies that jumped and charged at you because my guns tickled them and the enemies were much faster. This game doesn't spoon feed you but spoonfeeding is something I see too much in modern games. Instead you gotta try to stay away from the objective until you grab those upgrades. Now that I explored and found a few extra things, I don't fear those zombies anymore.The boss fights don't feel cheap but that doesn't mean that they aren't challenging. They make you platform and jump while managing to aim at the same time. Its easier said than done but their patterns can throw you off and it gets frustrating. They are fair because they show you their weakspots and you can see the whole entire necessary field between you and the opponent. However its up to your instincts and pattern recognition to defeat the boss. I hate it when bosses in other games aren't visible within the screen borders. Its a pet peeve I have with Freedom Planet because if I could see the entire field, then I can assess my positioning. Instead Brevon's mech keeps mowing me down because I didn't see him past the borders.If I didn't mention about the creepy atmosphere and the grand scale of the world, well...now I did and its awesome. Its one of the main reasons why I am still hooked into the game. Interesting world but very spooky."
,Recommended,332200,31907342,Posted: 22 May,all,JasonSpine,"Just completed it. Great game. Lots of weapons, unlockables and things to figure out."
76561197960437622,Recommended,332200,31903585,Posted: 22 May,all,kebab,"I rate this game as highly as Super Metroid and AM2R. It's atmosphere is different, more upbeat than the Metroids. But it works well.It's a massive game, with plenty of challenge. A lot of weapons to collect, hidden areas to find and huge bosses to take down.On top of the story is pretty decent too.It'll be many hours before you find everything and see the ending. For the price this game is well worth getting."
,Recommended,332200,31895881,Posted: 21 May,all,Badgerspin,"Solid Metroidvania game. (More on the Metroid side.)Nothing will ever really compare well to Super Metroid, so with that in mind, it's somewhat comparable to Zero Mission in terms of enjoyment. I'd recommend it if you're a fan of the genre. You won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,332200,31814376,Posted: 17 May,all,Schemulock,"Axiom Verge is a Metroidvania style game where you play as a scientist named Trace, that finds himself in a strange and dangerous world after an accident takes place in the lab he works in.I played the game using the Playstation Dualshock 4 controller and it worked like a charm.  Character movement is responsive, weapon selection and inventory menus are intuitive and non-convoluted.The graphics are a throwback to the classic 2D pseudo-pixelated style like Super Metorid and other SNES era games.  Overall the aesthetic is nice and varied environments never let you get bored of what you see.The music is what you would expect, a sci fi synth vibe which adds to the overall mood and immersion.On normal difficulty, you get an enjoyable experience.  Boss fights offer the right amount of challenge and regular enemies put up enough of a fight for the most of the game.  Later on when you get more powerups things got a bit on the easier end, especially for the final boss.Overall I spent just over 12 hours to beat the game on my first run, however collectibles completion was just about 85%.Axiom Verge is a fun throwback to the classic Metroidvania style games and I would recommend it to anyone that's a fan of the genre."
,Recommended,332200,16846044,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,JokesTooLong,"A game that I thought would be good, but turned out to be even better. At the halfway point of 2015, Axiom Verge is the lead runner for my personal Game of the Year.(Really, though, AV's worth every cent and every second of your time.)"
,Recommended,332200,31735363,Posted: 13 May,all,Tillburg,"GLANCE RECOMMENDATION:70% YES/ 30% NOGOODGameplay feels solid and you get a lot of options to approach combat. Most of your options are tied to weapon mods you find for your gun, which could turn off some, but if you have an exploration itch this shouldn't be a problem.Graphics are fairly relaxed with a definite push in the Metroid direction, which is great. Some of the great robot beings look beautiful and intimidating despite being allies.The game does a good job balancing new tools and giving you ample zones to return to once you obtain them.Enemy design is crazy cool and they often convey what attacks they'll do with just their design. It always felt great to see a new monster and had an idea what it was about to do.While most of the mechanics are good like the teleports, I'd like to specifically point out the drone mechanic. It's rather satisfying to shoot out your drone as a means of platforming and teleporting around. I wish they played more with the idea of robot allies, like options, but it's fine as is.NEUTRALBosses aren't that great. Most are just horribly easy with maybe one of them that can give you a run for your money. Can't say I felt excited fighting any of them nor could I recall any.BADI don't like the look of the main character. His hair, sideburns, and overall attitude just made me sigh a bit every time he appeared in portrait conversations.I felt like enemies were, for the most part, fair and you could approach them with a decent strategy and most of the time come out unscathed. This isn't the case with the enemies in the last area, which spam bullets and lasers out of every point of their body and sometimes you deal with quite a few of these before hitting a boss room. These enemies felt cheap and maddening compared with a game that ramped up tactics with new tools quite well.The story is uninteresting and generic. It never really does anything surprising nor does enough to pull you in. Quite frankly I only even have a basic idea of what even happened despite beating the game.SUMMARYAxiom Verge is a pretty good Metroid-esque game with cool enemies, great robot ally designs, unfortunate looking main character, and forgettable bosses. Hardcore fans of the genre would probably feel satisfied buying it at the full price, but I'd recommend picking this up at a sale price of at least 50% off for everyone else."
,Recommended,332200,31715495,Posted: 12 May,all,RockLOBSTER!#OnlyFail,If you have the slightest love for Jump N Run / Exploration / Puzzles this is a must have!
,Recommended,332200,31715686,Posted: 12 May,all,typeitasoneword,Love this game so far.  Old school Metroid vibe FTW.  Great soundtrack.
,Recommended,332200,31738656,Posted: 13 May,all,thailer2,Brings back wonderful memories of Metriod.......much more so than games like Guacamelee and other Metroidvania like games of the recent past!
,Recommended,332200,31809897,Posted: 17 May,all,berock212 eh,Slow at first but once you start to play it a bit it's a really fantastic game. It's like cavestory where it takes an old school 16 bit look and feel and manages to have amazing graphics and very compelling gameplay.
,Recommended,332200,31797580,Posted: 16 May,all,Phantomted,It's basically Metroid.
,Recommended,332200,33237815,Posted: 4 July,all,ebaynetflix,"Really enjoed this game. Solid level design had me rarely feeling loss even with its heavy backtracking. As an example, there's an object in the world you can't bypass that's really visuallly distinct and looks like broken pixels on a monitor. Later in the game you'll gain a power that lets you destroy these barriers. Rather than feeling lost on where to go next, I remembered these glitched out pixels and knew I could now return there and advance to a new zone. I never once  felt  like I needed a strategy guide to figure out what to do next.One complaint: a lot of the secret bonus weapons you can find are kind of useless."
,Recommended,332200,33254038,Posted: 4 July,all,rigidPillow,"So, it's a very fun game gameplay wise. Ikindalike that most bosses have a simple cycle that you perform to beat them and some even have a way to be cheesed heavily. There's lot of little techniques I discovered along the game. Some were helpful like a certain glitch with the swinging rope and some not so helpful such as stepping forward and shooting at the same time makes your bullet travel faster. One thing I did not like was how I had to run around so much to find the next place to go. Perhaps I've had my hand held too much by recent games, but it seemed I never knew where to go after a certain point. This does, however, force you to discover a lot of secrets and hidden powerups/weapons. Fun game, good game."
76561198041958336,Recommended,332200,28978472,Posted: 3 January,all,Awesomeness_86,"This game was everything I've been wanting and more. Feels a lot like the classic Metroids but still fresh. Amazing chiptune music, wide range of weapons and tons of collectables and secrets hidden all over. I can't even think of one thing i didn't like about this game, other than the fact that it's over now and i still want more"
76561198004866356,Recommended,332200,28969793,Posted: 3 January,all,Ian Magus,"Axiom Verge delivers everything I expected and wanted from it.  This game looks and plays like the spiritual successor of Super Metroid, which is probably the primary selling point for at least half of the people buying it.  As video graphic technology accelerated, the 2D platformer style that was the bedrock of early console games has mostly been abandoned.  That makes new titles for fans of that style always welcome, as long as they're well executed.If you have played the early Metroid games, then this game will feel incredibly familiar, like a homebrew bootleg port.  I say that in a good way.  The bubble blocks, lava pits, save nodes and doorway portals are all here, scattered around an unforgiving planet inhabited by insects, robots, biomechanical ghouls and vampiric monsters resembling creatures from the watery abyss.  The map is a complex labyrinth of pitfalls and hidden chambers and the soundtrack adeptly reflects the haunting atmosphere of the game.  This game knows exactly what it's trying to emulate and hits the mark perfectly.Fortunately, Axiom Verge comes with enough unique twists on its mentor to deliver a fresh experience.  The full arsenal of weaponry is far more extensive and diverse than Metroid, triple the amount of various beam weapons that you might expect.  This provides a variety of options to eliminate your foes and I found most of them to be useful throughout all portions of the game.  Also, rather than using a ""Morph Ball"" to find and access smaller tunnels, this game provides you with a tiny drone to navigate those areas instead.  Like Metroid, you'll find various tools, such as a grappling hook, to traverse the rooms.  You'll also find powerups for your weapons and your drone that will eventually allow you to access areas you couldn't before, although the manner in which you eventually reach those areas is slightly different than it would be in Metroid.  The most unique tool is the Address Disruptor, which allows you to 'glitch' the enemies and environment.  This allows you to materialize hidden blocks or morph enemies into a different form with different behavior patterns.  Lastly, there are five separate entrances to 'secret worlds' that are randomly generated in different locations for each game, allowing you to gain additional powerups and secret weapons, if you can find them.  This makes the game slightly different each time you play it.This game easily makes it onto my top five list of favorite platformers.  Aside from a few frustrating learning moments with the controls for some of the tools and one level with a very obnoxious music theme that sounds like a singing robot (Lower Kur), I loved everything about it."
,Recommended,332200,28965962,Posted: 2 January,all,Merdok,"Fantastic 2-d platform adventure game.  Lots of weapons, tools, upgrades, secrets, Intriguing and unique artwork, Bumping soundtrack combine to give the player a very complete gaming experience.There's a good amount of scaling challenge without getting frustrating or being a cakewalk.  Localized checkpoints and you never lose progress.Really worthwhile pickup!9/10."
76561198099266604,Recommended,332200,28103951,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,ydahhrk,"You know, I loved Metroid Fusion. But for as much as I liked it, it always felt like a missed opportunity.After playing Super Metroid, I expected the sequel to be the same exploratory core implemented with different ideas. I wanted the next games to feature creative skillsets that would allow different ways to work around the maps. All Metroids needed exploration and progressive unlocking of sprawling maps, but not all of them needed Screw Attacks, Plasma Beams and Gravity Suits. Hopefully Nintendo would come up with different and innovative ways to reach ledges other than freezing enemies.But alas, this was not meant to be. All Metroids feature mostly the same upgrades. It's boring. It makes them all feel like remakes, not sequels.Axiom Verge has interesting upgrades.Axiom Verge is the true sequel to Super Metroid."
,Recommended,332200,29174481,Posted: 10 January,all,jlavin17,SO GOOOOD
76561198059582025,Recommended,332200,29160970,Posted: 10 January,all,Bloempje,If you liked 2D metroid try this.
76561198004975431,Recommended,332200,29162428,Posted: 10 January,all,Suddo,Great throw back to old school Metroid games. I will admit I got lost a few times (uncertain where to go next) but it was mostly fine. The combat is solid and the story is there enough to keep you playing and curious.100%ing this game looks like quite the chore which can be a good and a bad thing so keep that in mind if you are a person into that (I am not).
76561198132775369,Recommended,332200,28985124,Posted: 3 January,all,Dankey Kang,"A stunning love letter to Metroid. The music, story, art, and gameplay are all phenomenal.(the sprites are a little subpar, but I'm not complaining. Spritework is hard and takes forever. Nintendo has done worse.) The bosses seem hard, but once you figure out their patterns, they're actually fairly easy. It's hard to believe it was all done by one guy. My only concern: Boss healthbars. PLEASE. ""What shade of red is this boss?"" is a bit too much to think about while being relentlessly shot at."
,Recommended,332200,28030151,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,IisMichaels,"Solid Metroidvania title.  Several powerups are very reminiscent of Samus' abilities, such as the ball and grappling hook.  I think this game strikes a good balance between hand-holding and actually having dialogue to drive a story.  Ending a little ambigious, but defintely gives you something to think about.  The wide variety of weapons promises a chance of replayability, but I tended to gravitate towards a couple weapon choices, as they just seemed better.Strongly recommended for people who want to run around, blast enemies, and navigate terrain using a increasing set of abilities."
,Recommended,332200,27904567,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Cred,"If you enjoyed sidescrolling Metroid, you will very likely enjoy this game. I know I did!"
,Recommended,332200,29723157,Posted: 5 February,all,HypnoJuice,Great gameplay with an insane story. Bonus points for including a speedrun mode.
76561197991852165,Recommended,332200,29750881,Posted: 6 February,all,Evaler,"Best Metroid clone I have ever seen, good story line and a good amount of guns and power-ups. If you liked the original or the super version of Metroid than this is a must for your library!"
,Recommended,332200,29707198,Posted: 4 February,all,wolf.and.shield,This game is a fantastic love-letter to metroidvania games.  I'm amazed that one guy put it all together.
76561198020236323,Recommended,332200,29707324,Posted: 4 February,all,LeoKraeas,"Axiom verge is a thrilling romp through the metroidvania genre (Emphasis on the metroid).  The level designs harken back to  the bygone era of 8 and 16 bit platformers, but this one is beautifully crafted into a modern take on it's influential predecessors.  Vibrant backgrounds and a subtle story told not just through the discourse of it's (the game's) characters, but also the very world itself!  Axiom Verge's music does an excellent job setting the tone of the game and the designer even uses an absence of sound to good effect in certain areas, a somewhat rare skill among designers and one that speaks to the love and care put into every aspect of the game.The game includes multiple difficulties and a speed run mode which allows you to test your platforming skills against previous runs as well as other players.  A huge catalogue of weapons (some of which are found in hidden zones randomly) allow for differing solutions and playthroughs.If you love platformers then you will definitely love this game, easily a 10-20 hour playthrough on your first go. There is just so much to explore and try!"
,Recommended,332200,29706805,Posted: 4 February,all,GuessTheNameSlick,"Its amazing. The aesthetics are so good.The best way to summarize it: Imagine a Saturday morning when you were a young kid, having cereal then booting up the SNES with a copy of Super Metroid. Except this time the cereal was laced with crystal meth."
,Recommended,332200,29108778,Posted: 7 January,all,BREBELBROB,Very well done. Fun to play. Tons of weapons and powerups to hunt down. Pretty good music too.
,Recommended,332200,29271828,Posted: 15 January,all,Bernzz,"A very good Metroidvania.Very much influenced by Super Metroid, but with its own quirks, not just a copy.Good weapon selection to tailor your own playthrough, though a couple are clearly the best.Quite a large game world that rewards exploration and backtracking.Interesting movement upgrades that don't play out exactly like a Metroid game.Plus the music is fantastic."
,Recommended,332200,29271157,Posted: 15 January,all,Harald C64,Great game! Awesome soundtrack!
76561198008858175,Recommended,332200,30074232,Posted: 20 February,all,"beans, lots of beans","Metroid clones were created to one day evolve into Axiom Verge.  The pounding bass was enough to win me over.  The silky gameplay, throwback graphics, and apocalyptic story were just icing on the cake.  Just get it already."
76561197991083581,Recommended,332200,29840279,Posted: 10 February,all,chrome,"Pretty fun! Metroidvania with decent exploration, secrets and bearable backtracking. Nice and gritty feel for enemy damage, complete with 2D particle gibs. Platforming is simple but there's a few challenges for upgrades here and there. Easy to moderate difficulty, mostly on bosses. Music and visuals work well but don't go out of their way to grab your attention. The style is pretty reminiscent of the first Metroid on NES if anything. Story can be a little vague but it's also nothing too distracting. I cleared the world map using all the upgrades but that barely reached 50% items, so that's pretty neat.Overall, nice lowkey feel and a good time."
,Recommended,332200,29862891,Posted: 11 February,all,SebastianBastian,A one man masterpiece of a metroidvania game.
,Recommended,332200,29880027,Posted: 12 February,all,Gr1d,"This is a good Metroidvania game, much more 'Metroid' than 'vania', although it draws from several influences. The world is pretty well designed, with some interesting secrets, although not all are well-clued enough to be worth attempting 100% without a guide. In particular there's one health node fragment which you will likely only find through sheer luck. The address disruptor is an inventive mechanic, although it's not always used to its full potential; there are few real puzzles using it, and the rewards for completing them are optional items. The game has over 20 weapons but few of them are useful or fun to use, which also makes combat a chore most of the time. Rather than trying to have as many items as possible, the game should have more closely emulated 2D Metroid, where you have fewer powerups but each has a unique purpose. The soundtrack is good and the art is impressive. The designs of the mechanised alien thingies in particular stand out."
,Recommended,332200,29687799,Posted: 4 February,all,Prinzessin Prellgiraffe,never played super metroid. after axiom verge i started doing it.axiom verge is great!
,Recommended,332200,19004418,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,LethalPianoWire,"This game is awesome. It is so reminiscent of Metroid it brings me back to NES platform days. Highly recommend it if you were a fan of Metroid. I'd recommend anyone who hasn't played Metroid to pick up a very similar playstyle game in this one. Fantastic. Controls are great and fluid with gamepad. The music for the game is a huge part and fits the game perfectly. It has a fun story and I kept wanting to play more.^^^The above was my first impressions after about ~2hrs of game play.The rest below is after completing the game.The game is awesome. Hands down some of the best entertainment I've played in a while. It was exactly what I was looking for. I'd give it a 9.5/10. The only reason I don't give it full marks is because of one aspect of the game which is not described very well at all.*hacking*This is all I will mention without causing spoilers to the story, item hunting etc. If you really want to know what I'm talking about just look up Axiom Verge passcodes in google/youtube and you'll see the results and how my above comments are bang on.By the time I discovered what it was I was supposed to be doing, it was too late. I just looked up what I needed and moved on. That's a design flaw. This was around getting the flame gun which I discovered 100% and was unable to get to it until I figured out this one mechanic. Someone clearly figured it out, or it was leaked, either way, *glitching* could be described a little more in terms of the significance.All in all I got 22hrs out of the game for $15.00 and I enjoyed pretty much every level. I loved the new upgrades and how they used inventive ways of technology (within the game) to give you progression. The music is excellent.The game is worth the full price but it's an absolute steal if it's under $15. Do it.You won't regret it. (This of course assumes you actually loved Metroid style games..)Very glad I purchase this game."
76561198161613066,Recommended,332200,29773973,Posted: 7 February,all,Wolf.45,super fun but not quite a metroid game. if you want one of thoes go download AM2R. This is more of a hybreed between the orignal metroid and something like contra. The game doesnt leave to much of a lasting impression and is best played in short bursts. its easy to run and is a good way to kill some extra time.
,Recommended,332200,29605855,Posted: 31 January,all,esu,"This is a copy of  ""BattleCat""`s review but its exactly what i think, too.Great game. Kept me coming back for more.Nice throwback to the old days with proper secret areas and a decent challenge on Normal difficulty.There's a nice variety of weapons, but I found for the most part I stuck to 2-3. Some of them appear to have strengths against certain enemy types so there's an element of strategy too. Sometimes using a couple of weapons in tandem to kill an enemy.I don't normally feel compelled to collect crud in games but Axiom Verge teased me enough that I wanted to figure out how to get to the secret areas. I think it also helps that they're not just placed on a map from the get-go (i.e. NOT secret and NOT a challenge).The soundtrack is cool too. I kept finding myself humming the tunes when I wasn't playing it.Over all, I really enjoyed Axiom Verge. Definitely worth purchasing if you're into sci-fi or platformers (especially if you enjoyed them in the NES/SNES days). Tom Happ, I salute you. What an effort!"
,Recommended,332200,29935583,Posted: 14 February,all,magor2003,"Fantastic platformer in the metroidvania style of progression and reveals.Art style and music are enjoyable and bring a nice retro + electronic atmosphere to the experience.More than a dozen weapons, all of which feel unique and have a decent balance of pros and cons.One of the best games in the genre I have played in a while."
,Recommended,332200,30032802,Posted: 19 February,all,SB,A very good Metroid-style game with tons of fun weapons and crazy storyline. I also love the music and I recommend buying the soundtrack as well.
76561198244557880,Recommended,332200,30044413,Posted: 19 February,all,Darknet666,"Axiom Verge is the best Metroid game to come out in the last 10 years. The different areas are amazingly constructed and easily distinguishable. The soundtracks used for each area are memorable and extremely fitting for said areas. Gameplay and story are gripping and addicting, even challenging the player to imprive upon themselves along the way. And last but not least, there is a very wide multitude of weapons you can use, each having their own use in every situation you find yourself in.Tl;dr: Great game. I recommend it to anyone that is a fan of the Metroidvania sub-genre."
76561198082493092,Recommended,332200,29275546,Posted: 15 January,all,valor87,"When I bought this game, I didn't have high expectations. So many games claim to be Metroidvania, but only offer a few elements and slap their label on it. This game does not do that.Axiom Verge gives an authentic Metroidvania feel and adds a unique spin on it. There's something about trying to find all the secrets with Metroidvania that makes it excellent. Really love this game and had nothing but a great experience.There were times where I got lost in the fold, primarily around the 7th boss and where to go from there, but a quick look at a guide will set you straight.9/10"
,Recommended,332200,31516905,Posted: 2 May,all,michaelratt,"I didn't play Metroid as a kid, never liked it. So I can't be the one to attest to this games' similarity to Metroid.I can, however, tell you that this game is very addicting and after completing every map, you feel satisfied and rewarded.The story is brilliant and the gameplay is smooth.If you're looking for an 8-Bit type side-scroller, I suggest this. It's honestly non-stop fun and keeps you looking for more.Within about 17 hours, I only managed to discover 91% of the entire map and found 70% of all the items. And that was my run on Normal, while being distracted much of the time.Must buy, especially if on sale!"
,Recommended,332200,31474874,Posted: 30 April,all,Huxley,"Scracthes that Super Metroid itch! Play on Hard, the challenge is welcome yet not frustratingly difficult."
,Recommended,332200,31454413,Posted: 29 April,all,pinecones_sx,Most super metroid-like metroidvania I've played recently.  I only wish the story was better/more engaging.
76561198025625270,Recommended,332200,30986024,Posted: 6 April,all,xterminal86,You played Super Metroid?Then what are you waiting for?
,Recommended,332200,32226398,Posted: 6 June,all,Khaleoninja,"For those who loved playing Castlevania, Metroid, Megaman will love this game.Pros:*Amazing Soundtrack/graphics.*Fast paced gameplay, like for example 'Super Metroid'.*A big world to explore. Lots of room you passed by that you couldn't get in or get that item are avaiable later when you have that specific power-up to do so.Cons:*The enemies are sometimes way too easy, and sometimes unfair, mostly melee ones, like, you can't kill it without him hitting you 2-3 times. And no that's not noob thing, it's simply impossible.*Lots of weapons for you to choose from, but most of them are rather useless.  For example: the 2nd weapon that you pick up, I only used that to open the first doors in the game, later I never used it again. Same for lots of weapons, out of more than 12 options I only used 3...*You can't aim upper-right for example without being completely still, it should be more versatile...Well, even after all those Cons I really enjoyed the game, completed it and plan on doing Speedruns/Hard Mode runs, hope you enjoy."
76561198372747910,Recommended,332200,32291179,Posted: 9 June,all,SmashTom,"Axiom Verge is a fantastic platformer heavily inspired by Metroid and games of its kind. If you love Metroid, you *need* to play this game.Pro:+ Wonderful art style. You really feel like you are on an alien world+ Unique soundtrack; very atmospheric tracks+ Tons of weapons, power-ups and tools to collect+ Many secret areas to find+ Good story (with a few plottwists)+ A lot of replay value, especially for those who want 100% achievementsCon:- I wish the game was longer... (about 15 hours for the first playthrough)"
76561198033288151,Recommended,332200,32363542,Posted: 12 June,all,CollateralSandwich,"In the end I have to give the game a thumbs up. However, having said that, I found the game ludicrously difficult on Hard in the final level. Most of the game before I felt delivered a fair challenge. I found the final level, and in particular the final boss, frustratingly difficult. The difficulty ramps up from challenging to ""You've got to be kidding me"" rapidly, and I literally found the game impossible to finish with the items I had, and would have needed to consult a wiki to get the items I would have needed to succeed. So maybe just enjoy the otherwise fantastic gameplay and music on Normal. But then, I'm not a terribly skilled player so your mileage may vary."
76561198144146967,Recommended,332200,32754710,Posted: 24 June,all,johnharms,Innovative and fun gameplay. Highly recommended for anyone looking for a metroid successor or just a fun game in general.
,Recommended,332200,32975173,Posted: 28 June,all,isaacbee,"A really slick homage to 2D Metroid games. One small gripe: some secrets are hidden in walls that have no subtle marking to indicate that you might want to check that spot, meaning you just have to constantly check every single wall once you get the abilities that let you do so. Apart from that though, the game is great: good combat, plenty of exploring to do, and great pixel art."
,Recommended,332200,32628197,Posted: 21 June,all,maliceglass,"This may be the single most perfect example of the tag ""metroidvania"" out there, and in the best way possible. Being someone who grew up even-paced with the videogame industry, I'm a sucker for old-school style games that fix old-school problems (if only we'd had diagonal shooting back then!!), and Axiom Verge channels that time when 2D platformers were utterly perfected. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,332200,32586928,Posted: 20 June,all,Mr.Beyond,"I highly recommend this game.If you enjoy[1] upgrades[2] epic music[3]metroid/castlevania platformers[4] good gamesThen thisISthe game.There isn't really any handholding on wheremostupgrades are for things, but exploring every nook and crany of this world is vastly satisfying. It also pays to pay attention to things so when you go back to areas you can possibly do something you previously couldn't. The story is pretty cool, its a game that you probably wont forget about. I do strongly recomend this. What are you waiting for, buy this game."
76561198063174296,Recommended,332200,32609982,Posted: 20 June,all,viridisamor,"Beautiful game, great soundtrack and nostalgic playing style. It's the perfect addition to a retro gamer's collection. Mr. Happ, please make more adventures for us to take!I highly recommend this game for people who enjoyed the side-scrolling metroid games. Sure, it plays very similarly, but it's a whole new experience. The atmosphere is gripping. 5 stars!"
,Recommended,332200,33141742,Posted: 2 July,all,MURfurDER,If you are a fan of the original metroid games this is a good game. It gives you a vague description of what needs to happen but then lets you explore the world on your own. It gives you no sense of direction except for the environmental clues  that you need ohter items to pass through. This game does a good job of emulating the old style metroid games.
,Recommended,332200,29127457,Posted: 8 January,all,N00byGamerPlayz,Love the art style and the goodness of sci-fi experience of Axiom Verge! One of the best metroidvanias i played!
,Recommended,332200,33731281,Posted: 22 July,all,Alexalder,"They say imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, Thomas must really like Metroid.A few issues keep it from getting the perfect score though.+ The exploration part is just perfect. Every corner hides something, from simple powerups to world-scale enigmas+ Huge variety of abilities and weapons, with the classic Metroid movement progression+ Pixel art is gorgeous and perfectly Metroid-ish+ Same goes for the music, with a few exceptions+ Despite the above the game manages to maintain its own identity in both gameplay and story- The combat part, however, could be better. Bosses often have a single attack and are easily cheesed- Low overall difficulty, even if i chose the ""hard mode""- Controls quickly become really cluttered... like in Metroid. Too many unintentional teleports- No 21:9 support is sad4/5"
,Recommended,332200,33720147,Posted: 22 July,all,Ishvii,"I can recommend to people who liked Super Metroid. Made by one guy, the combat is decent and retro, and there's a big map to explore with lots of areas to come back to. It falls short in level design - spent hours searching for where to go next. Lots of backtracking, and the boss design is pretty bad. Still worth it though!"
76561198048887302,Recommended,332200,33706169,Posted: 21 July,all,NoTanFightFan,"Great game. Really addicting. I love exploring the world looking for what to do next. And the game is hard, but not so hard that I wind up hating it and quit playing, like some recent platformers in this genre."
76561198195463231,Recommended,332200,33812531,Posted: 26 July,all,Oredon,The soundtrack of this game make me cry.
,Recommended,332200,33841973,Posted: 27 July,all,EroticPotato,"As other reviewers have stated, this game is quite a bit like Metroid.The story is pretty engaging as well as the gameplay.Fairly challenging at certain points in the game.The artwork and soundtrack are a nice addition as well.I would definitely recommend picking this one up if you enjoy the Metroid series at all."
76561197969134510,Recommended,332200,33638672,Posted: 18 July,all,Zach,"Great plot, but the graphics are eye gougingly flourescent awful."
,Recommended,332200,33796213,Posted: 25 July,all,Ika,"A very balanced and polished game with no obvious weak points. Nice graphics with a lot of variety, plethora of weapons, upgrades and tools to find, a great variety of enemies and bosses and lots of secrets to look for. What's there more to want? Cool music? Check. Engaging story with plot twists and moral ambiguity? Check. If you're looking for a fun metroidvania-style game, you'll definitely enjoy Axiom Verge."
,Recommended,332200,33750216,Posted: 23 July,all,Maratae,"Very well-crafted metroid inspired game. Nice retro feeling, amazing art, solid and innovative gameplay.EDIT: Turns out the developer can't be hold responsible if you bite keys off your keyboard or break your game controller against the wall, so yeah... take a deep breath instead or something..."
,Recommended,332200,34570083,Posted: 28 August,all,Senor,"8/10: My enjoyment peaked in the middle of Axiom Verge. The best part is its story. It hints at one of the most chilling, interesting stories I've ever seen. But just hints -- it's so noncommital that it's not very satisfying. Vagueness or contradiction would be fine, but the sparse details read like the creator is unsure of the story he is telling. They don't read like interesting tidbits from unreliable narrators.Early on it differentiates itself from Super Metroid, the biggest inspiration for this game. The start is promising but by the end, gameplay-wise especially, it's more like a(n extremely well made) Metroid ROM hack than a unique game. The gameplay differences matter less as the game continues.And it makes errors that Super Metroid never did. Travelling the world is slow, even with the best upgrades. It doesn't make me want to explore because going from place to place is too time-consuming. In Super Metroid, towards the end you can speed through old areas and shred any enemy in your way. Axiom Verge never gives that catharsis. Making exploring even slower, too many of the items are hidden behind arbitrary walls. I greatly enjoyed an optional puzzle (finding the gun with initials QV) and wish more of the game was like that. I think Fez will be closer to what I was looking for here."
,Recommended,332200,34439122,Posted: 23 August,all,Left4Rage,"If this had been called Super Metroid 2, I would not be disappointed."
,Recommended,332200,34448853,Posted: 23 August,all,Tehalemi,"The kind of game that makes me glad I'm a fan of exploration, weapon variety, and interconnected level design!"
,Recommended,332200,34487615,Posted: 25 August,all,SwaggyBadger,"I'm not one for metroidvanias, in fact, I bought the game and it sat in my library for a month, then I played it for 5 minutes and attempted to refund it.  I could not refund the game.  Boy, was I lucky.I decided, since I spent $10 on it, I might as well try it, some of the bosses looked cool.From that moment on, I rarely had a dull moment playing this game.  Every discovery came with a satisfying reward, although I used guides twice, most of the progression was very doable.I cannot stress how great this game is, even if you've never played a metroidvania before.Also, people can 100% this game in 90 minutes, even though it took me 11.5 hours to 50% complete it.Great game.  Might replay again.Pros:Satisfying Gameplay +Good Soundtrack +Replayable +A Seperate Mode For Speedrunning+Cool Enviornments +Great Visuals +TONS OF GUNS +++Neutral:Somewhat expensive if not on sale ($20) BUT goes on sale somewhat often +/-Can Kill the sixth boss in one hit, but you won't know how without looking it up +/-Endgame enemies are a little op, but that makes for a more challenging game +/-Story is a little barebones, but still feels fulfilling upon completing and the small amount included is intriguing +/-Cons:I only used 5 of the many weapons throughout the game -Some weapons are just underwhelming -Two ""bosses"" that you don't fight -Final boss really made my wrists hurt-Lastly: Mad props to Thomas Happ.  He made this game by himself, and it's better than like 95% of my steam libraryI'd rate it 10/10.  Honestly."
,Recommended,332200,34518930,Posted: 26 August,all,M4G1ST3R,"Axiom Verge has a fantastic story discovered as the game progresses.  The lore gives depth and a profound moral greyness to this delicious game.  The game's mechanics are wonderful, with solid movement options and beautiful graphics to complement them.  A variety of weapons, upgrades, and locales await you in this brilliant Metroid tribute."
,Recommended,332200,34589285,Posted: 29 August,all,Wario,Perfect for diehard metroid fans.
,Recommended,332200,34006714,Posted: 3 August,all,bigjosh50,"Very Solid Game! Enjoyed the boss fights, the music and the story really made this a great experience for me!"
,Recommended,332200,34005363,Posted: 3 August,all,ZA_Surpex,"The finest metroidvania I have ever played. The art style is fantastic, the music is incredible, and the story is pretty interesting."
,Recommended,332200,33937426,Posted: 31 July,all,TR|-N|NE,"10/10  AMAZING, this game is on point and is as good if not better, than actual Metroid games."
,Recommended,332200,34053499,Posted: 5 August,all,Wakisashi,"One great Metroidvania game, the gameplay and music is stellar. Game is a challenge for sure, though you progress with some patience, practice, and skill. Reminded me of likely it's inspiration. Figuring out some of the progression was challenging.Certainly highly recommend to any of those interested in the genre."
76561198029005773,Recommended,332200,34728723,Posted: 3 September,all,NorthrnRebel,Straight up Metroid murdering action with sick beats.Very fun platformer with lots of challenging enemies. I'm not a true Metroid fan because I hate all the back tracking you need to do in these kinds of games.I recommend this game for anyone into the retro style action platforming games.
76561198032370632,Recommended,332200,34759969,Posted: 5 September,all,Matze,Very good game. Have it ruckzuck durchgesuchtet.
76561198058702346,Recommended,332200,34926913,Posted: 13 September,all,Fuhs,"Axiom Verge is retro gaming bliss - metroidvania at its best.  Absolutely creativity tool and weapon design that creates an engaging experience throughout.The story was tricky for me to grasp, but it was not what motivated me through my first playthrough (I was just having so much fun).  On my second playthrouh, I focused on grasping the story.  And I turned to the internet to immerse myself in the community's ideas on just what the heck was going on in this insane world.  I do not think we'll ever grasp the completely picture, but, as a result, I'm left a subtle and satisfying longing which makes Axiom Verge more real and more special than an experience which neatly ties all loose ends.This is game is an epic accomplishment by an extremely talented and creative human.  I would support any future project Tom Happ would bless us with."
,Recommended,332200,34950151,Posted: 14 September,all,Andrew,"This takes the best parts of the metroid games, and runs with them. Expounding new powers and mechanics that Nintendon't. Unbelievably fun."
76561197982567490,Recommended,332200,35057889,Posted: 18 September,all,Nathaniel Prime,"This is a Metroidvania style game. In fact, it has a lot in common with the original Metroid... but it likes to subvert your expectations. There are small gaps just like in Metroid. Veteran gamers will see these and immediately start looking for the Morph Ball upgrade, but the tool you get to deal with those is significantly different. Worth playing for the creativity and solid combat!"
,Recommended,332200,35058801,Posted: 18 September,all,Snot Bubbles,"A solid Metroid-like platformer. Interestin plot, secrets around every corner. Can't get enough!"
,Recommended,332200,34830165,Posted: 8 September,all,Littleman9Mew2,"Seriously, IloveMetroidvania games. Been a fan since Super Metroid and since, but whatisa ""Metroidvania""? Simple: it's a game that you go and explore an open world with a limited set of items that overtime you find more items that open up more of the world, it's a bit hard to explain, but the genre was created from the original Metroid...""Wait, this is Axiom Verge! How does that relate?"" You may ask, ah but it's thegameplaythat is similar (although not entirely!). Let's get on with this review!REVIEW START!GameplayLitterally, it's amazing, the controls are responsive, you only need a keyboard, not a pesky mouse to aim. Although it can get a pain to do some menauvers (Like having to press like 4 buttons at once with a keyboard that only registers 3 inputs), but after a bit you can get through. It's like many other metroidvanias, but it has some extra ""bonus"" gear that's entirely optional for you to collect. With the idea of a 'NES-Like' game in mind, you see glitches, likeactual intentionalglitches in the game! They appear as corrupted blocks, but after a while, you get an upgrade that allows you tocorrupt the enemies!Each enemy in the game has a unique ""corrupted"" form, with even a special appearance to MissingNo. (Also, use your 6th weapon when he's on Screen too, you wont regret it!) Some corrupted enemies will actually heal you, or become a different enemy al together, or for some of those ""Late Game"" ones, allow them to move with your movements. It's pretty impressiveEDIT:I forgot to mention, but the game, especially when trying to 100% it or anything, will take you a while to complete on your first try, the first time took me11hours! And that's with a guide after the last half of the game!Even the 'Speedrun' trohpy will take a while, you have to complete the game under 4 hours! Compared to other metroidvanias, that doesn't sound too bad, but trust me.That's a long time with this game8.75/10StoryI was quite enjoying the story, it was one of those kind of stories that wont be all ""in your face"" impeding the gameplay, it's quite well done to be honest.(Super Duper Short Summation)The story is that you take the role of a Scientist, whom was doing research in his when an explosion has occured and sent to this mysterious world. You have to go and help some mechanical robot from dying from a man named 'Athesos' (Might have spelled that wrong...) Whom is the antagonist of the game. You go through trying to figure out who he is, why you're there and what other fishy things have been going on.(The secret ending was alright tho but I wont say anything 'bout it)9/10AppearanceDO I have to say it?They're so good, the graphics, the sound design, themusic, it's all amazing. The tunes really throw back to the classic era, with little to no ""modern"" intruments in sounds, most of the sounds are chiptune based sounds, and with the ""Secret Worlds"" mechanic, throwing back to Metroids ""Secret"" worlds, the glitchy stuff of blocks and enemies really do there job at being glitchy. Like the palletes of enemies will corrupt, or the graphics of one enemy is jumbled while the behavior switches to that of another, it's really convincing glitch behavior! The Spritework is amazing, the amount of detail in the sprites on the bosses are just awe inspiring beatiful.9.75/10Let's Review...the Review?Okay, let's hope I did this table thing correctly....CategoryRankGameplay8.75Story9Appearance9.75TOTAL9.16/10Great Game I Recommend it with a L9M2 rating of 9.1/10! A 91%!"
,Recommended,332200,34904228,Posted: 12 September,all,50 Shades Of Green,"This game is a breath of fresh air for anyone familiar with old-school Metroid. This game is exactly like how I remember the old Metroid to be, but majorly upgraded. This is the game that I have been looking forward to playing, and I was astounded as to how well the game is put together. It offers abilities, upgrades, puzzles that are not easy, hidden rooms with hidden upgrades, and the game can reach dark souls level intensity often. The game punishes you as you die by sending you back to your last touched save point, which can be challenging because some areas are tough to get though. The game forces you to learn your environment to get through areas that cause pain.If you like Metroid, boy will you love Axiom Verge."
,Recommended,332200,34901994,Posted: 12 September,all,Bagelpriest,"A loving and worthy homage to Super Metroid. It is challenging and refreshing and introduces new ""meta"" gameplay concepts that I won't spoil here."
76561198087888129,Recommended,332200,34893879,Posted: 11 September,all,L0sten_Vortimer,"This is easily the best game I have played in years. The atmosphere is fantastic and the gameplay is simply fabulous, and the story is on another level of amazing that very few games ever achieve."
,Recommended,332200,35009703,Posted: 16 September,all,Latsu,"Beautiful art, sound, and music. The first level just screams Metroid. I will definitely revisit and beat this game.  My experience so far is really tight controls, intuitive environments, and interesting enemies."
76561198381893904,Recommended,332200,35093602,Posted: 20 September,all,mdyerga,Posibly the best Metroidvania. So awesome.
76561198048132558,Recommended,332200,35214487,Posted: 25 September,all,Soup,Love letter to the Metroid series. Get it if you love Metroid. Simple as.
,Recommended,332200,35243416,Posted: 27 September,all,TrFN | MrDominoe,"No-holds barred, old school gaming at its finest.  Great soundtrack, great story, great gameplay, and great controls all paying homage to one of the best side-scrolling shooters of all time.  Seriously, just buy it."
76561198105698904,Recommended,332200,35321377,Posted: 29 September,all,Guilty1,This title is extraordinary in that the developer was able to bring a fully realized idea to fruition on his own merits. The gameplay is very smooth and most certainly more crisp than the games that it draws inspiration from. The addition of new mechanics rejuvenates the genre while maintaining a comfortable and nostalgic feeling. This has become one of my favorite Metroidvania games.
,Recommended,332200,35305066,Posted: 29 September,all,Quantum Fisticst,"""Hey, you liked Super Metroid, right?""""Yeah, why?""""Well, let me tell you about this game..."""
76561198024698356,Recommended,332200,35400207,Posted: 1 October,all,sparky_lurkdragon,"Axiom Verge is weird, kind of gross sometimes, kind of distressing sometimes, and worth every last ounce of playtime.It’s a one-man ode to the Metroid of yore, with some Bionic Commando and Contra in there as well. Glitching the game out is a valid gameplay mechanic, one that is probably especially unsettling for folks who played a lot of NES and Game Boy games. With clever puzzles, intriguing lore, a phenomenal soundtrack, and lots and lots of bizarre monsters in surreal environments, Axiom Verge is a delight.I’m eager to see more in this world - the ending screams “sequel hook”. If not, though, Thomas Happ is a developer to keep an eye on."
76561197992002738,Recommended,332200,35398620,Posted: 1 October,all,RatherDashing,"This is an impressive game as a solo project. Has the same quality you would expect from a team of developers. Just all around a terrific experiance. Borrows many ideas from simular games before it and applies its own twist. Graphics, Sound, Design are all well executed. Highly reccomended to those who want to get lost in another world."
76561197971194874,Recommended,332200,35454627,Posted: 3 October,all,KNightmare,"I have not seen too much of the game yet, but what I've seen I liked quite a lot, it brought back memories of the ""good old times"". You will have to learn patterns to vanquish bosses. You might have to backtrack, if you do not pay attention, because you are lost in the scenery. The usual ;)Controls are tight, music is great, visuals are fitting.If you enjoy Metroidvanias, you have to have a shot at Axiom Verge ."
76561198169165134,Recommended,332200,35475720,Posted: 4 October,all,Gameprovidence,"As a massive fan of Metroid I was excited when I first saw the trailer of Axiom verge, everything from the atmosphere to the music to the mechanics made it feel like a perfect spiritual succesor to Metroid and a great addition to the Metroidvania Genre.I greatly enjoyed playing this game and found that the only two things that bothered me was the fact that the enviorments of the different regions all feel kinda the same (a possible side effect of its more NES inspired visuals), in stark contrast to games like super metroid or castlevania, that and the fact that the bosses, while each having an awsome and unique design, also all feel too similar in their actual combat.Other then that I found the exploration factor to be perfect for its genre and the vast variety of weapons you can find for your gun to be very rewarding.  As with other metroidvanias along with weapons the abilities your character accumilates throughout the game that make exploring new areas possible can also be used to aid in combat resulting in more varied gameplay and involved strategy when exploring the map.One thing that came as a welcome suprise to me was its story, which is more present in this game then other metroidvanias. I remeber watching the first trailer to the game wanting to uncover the mysteries that it was advertiesd to having, and while said mysteries are answered during the game, several more questions arose for each one,  and the game leaves unsolved these unsolved, hopefully to be answered in a sequal that fixes some of the problems in the game mentioned earlier.In conclusion, Axiom Verge leaves me wanting a continuation of the story and a more varied visual design but nails the exploration and rewards system in metroidvanias"
76561198073619196,Recommended,332200,35462580,Posted: 3 October,all,marcv666,"If you did play Super Metroid back in the time and liked it, then it's most likely you will like this one too and I would recommand very highly you try it out.Beeing overlycritical the soundtrack for this game is very average but the most important element of the game, room design, is really well done. I had fun exploring every area and searching every wall for secrets."
76561197972146750,Recommended,332200,35507665,Posted: 5 October,all,baboon balloon of doom,"Amazing, like bring back the old metroid/castlevania but with an original story. I have only just begun and can tell its going good places. Really nice to be transported to an imaganitive place like that, I keep thinking of how the movie/anime of this story would be like and imagining the main character in it. Hope you guys make a movie of this, also Risk of Rain."
,Recommended,332200,35488119,Posted: 4 October,all,Draculascastle1,"If you like Castlevania SOTN, this is definitely the game for you. Every bit as glorious as SOTN. Possibly even better, depending on your prefference of scifi or Fantacy/monsters. Elegant game."
