user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198007429976,Not Recommended,332390,16322802,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,RogueDeus,"(Edit: July 2016 - At the rate the game is now being regularly discounted, you wouldn't be wasting your money if you were paying $2 or less... For the game in the condition it was when I last played, over a year ago.It is likely that the author has made at least some corrections since. So keep that in mind when you read this.)Considering how this game has been rated so far (91% of of this review) I expected something at least equal to other equally rated RPGMaker games, such as 'Skyborn' (91%) or at the VERY LEAST far superior to lower rated ones, such as 'Dark End' (61%), but I was wrong on both accounts.TLDR; - This is an almost completely phoned in game. Anyone with any knowledge of the VXAce toolset could tell you right off that this game has had the LEAST amount of effort possible put into it. Complete with invisible walls (pathing errors) which no one seems to have even mentioned in a single review. While it's not a terrible game, it sure as hell isn't close to good, and is outright insulting to the RPGMaker community to suggest it deserves its current review score OR its MSRP of $10. As a matter of fact, if I it wasn't for the reasonable sale I bought it in, I would have already gotten  one of those new easy to request refunds.This is an exploitation game (resembling the exploitation films of the 70's) by Aldorlea, Developed & Published. And little more....Review Points...Pro:+ The story is not terrible.I have read worse in RPGMaker games. Much worse. However, not being terrible is about as good as it gets. Take that for what it's worth. (very little)+ Custom Battle Backs.It's possible I didn't notice, but it appears that all the battle backs are non-stock.+ Custom Music.I didn't notice any stock-music. This might be important to people. Though what music there is, isn't great and feels more like variety for the sake of variety rather than any intended theme. Again, bare minimum... VERY BARE.Con:- Interior transition points rarely match up, in either size or location.This can leave you momentarily disjointed from the scene. It screams laziness, or worse, that they used prefab maps (from other projects) and simply shifted assets and linked them together. But I it's just an impression.- Minimal Custom Scripts.Everything I noticed, other than the mouse controls, was Yanfly Engine. It also lacks any journal entry, victory screen, or commonly used community patches to avoid some of Yanfly's WELL KNOWN bugs. As I already pointed out, BARE minimum. No effort. Little planning... It's likely all the scripts used where cut and paste only.- Invisible Walls.Pathing issues crop up almost immediately in the first outdoor areas in the game...- Party Banter is mostly Vapid and often Vacuous.At first, it could be cute. But not for long... And the few moments where something important is being said, are hard to notice amongst the constant dribble of pointless and utterly forgettable remarks. It's almost as if the main plot was written start to finish, and THEN 'filler' banter was inserted periodically along the route to break the monotony of grinding... No coherence. Little substance. And only the rarest glimmer of character development.- Generic Abilities.Quite literally, I played the first hour of the game spamming 'Attack' 90% of the time... And I was playing on HARD difficulty... Abilities are largely pointless until you get your healer. Not to mention, whoever named them, needs to be chided. Who, WHO names an ability 'Fortify' that does nothing but Buff ATK? And WHY does Guard, heal 15HP every time? Especially when half the loot items dropped from monsters are healing items usable IN BATTLE... /sigh (Must remain constructive)- Cluttered Maps.The mapping isn't terrible... Like the story, THAT is as good as it gets. Period. And I might  have left it as a Pro, or not even mentioned it at all, had THE SAME TILES not been repeated ad-nauseum and placed as if the mapper was a blind folded Parkinson's patient.- Absolutely NO Economy of Battle Action.I really don't want to go into why this is important... But simply put, I felt almost NO urgency NOR importance in choosing one action over another in battle. EVER. Other than the occasional heal, almost every single battle could have been resolved using Auto. A few boss battles, required a few debuffs, and a few cures... But little more. It all felt entirely uninspired."
76561198061606765,Recommended,332390,17267165,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,brian_gillispie,"Undefeated is a decent first game by a new developer on the scene. While it is not perfect, it is still a decent game and worth checking out. For more detail, read below.For a detailed review, I'm going to use the classic GIMLET system, as used by the RPG Addict. Rating: 0: Awful, 1- 2 Bad, 3 - 4: Poor, 5 - 6: Average, 7 - 8: Above Average, 9 - 10: Great!1. Game World: The game world is well explained, and you got the sense that you *are* in the army, out to defeat evil. Nicely done. The world feels alive too, and I got a kick out of that dog and all the comments about it by the end of the game: 10/102. Character development (leveling): Characters develop at the standard pace as an RPGMaker game. 5/103. NPC Interaction: Decent interaction. NPC's change dialogue over the course of the game. Minimal interaction with your party members though, but you do learn the essentials about them at least throughout the game. I just found myself wishing for a little more interaction by the end of the game, as I still felt like some of my party members were an Engima to me. 7/104. Encounters and Foes: Decent balance. I felt the late game boss waves were a tad inbalanced, and I dread to think how someone who didn't find a few secret rooms would have ever survived that, especially in the absence of a heal all spell. Probably needs light tweaking here and there, but overall, decent balance of foes until the very end game: 5/105. Magic and Combat. Decent. If you hate random fights you can always choose to select visible encounters, though expect 1 - 2 enemies to always block your path per map. Still, you can at least plan on 1 - 2 battles this way, just don't expect to be able to dodge them if you go back for a side quest and are massively overleveled. 6/106. Equipment. Equipment is doled out as the game progresses, though occasionally you can buy something when in town. Just except it to get replaced by the next equipment hand out though. However, if you want to buy your way to power, this game does not alow that, be forewarned. 6/107. Economy: You always have a need for gold in this game, as accessories are so expensive. Only thing I didn't like is KO recovery items were so expensive compared to the amount of gold earned per fight, but you can get around that by resting for a really cheap rate and still recovering from KO. 7/108. Quest: Many side quests. I just wish they had used something besides a document telling you what the quest is to remind you of it. I often forgot the clues to solving the side quest after a while, and had to proceed blindly. Resulted in the only ones I completed were by sheer dumb luck in the end. 6/109. Graphics, sound, interface. Standard RPGMaker interface, with a few scripts to modify it. Graphics are decent, sound good. No UI bugs stood out. Just don't go in expecting state of the art graphics. 6/1010. Gameplay: Overall, good. Farily linear game, with some side quests you can explore and find and solve. Not too many optional areas though, except for a room here or room here, but that's not a negative in my opinion. Only improvement I'd like to see is a little better balancing late game, and maybe another side area or two for the player to earn gold that wishes to do that. 7/10Total: (0 - 20 Bad, 20 - 40 Poor, 40 - 60 Average, 60 - 80 Above Average, 80+ Game of the year?) 65/100, which is nicely above the recommended cutoff of 50 with the way I score each item. Overall I'd say this is a decent, above average game. Probably won't win game of the year, but you will have fun while playing it, which is what matters."
76561198002541740,Recommended,332390,17500496,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Azagaar,"My previous review was negative. I got to a point in a game, where I couldn't progress and I got ""Game Over"" message while going from one location to another.I'm changing it, because the devs turned out to be very helpfull. It's good to see people, who care for this customers.And about the game: I like the humour in this game. Maybe it wasn't the greatest story of all (hard to beat Chrono Trigger :P ), but it was nice. I enyojed reading dialogs where the characters talked about stuff, that is taken for granted in other games (like secret rooms, money in trunks of trees, why a certain character fights with axe etc).Overall it was a good game, worth those few cents I paid."
,Recommended,332390,15213149,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Droucil,"If your looking for an old school 16bit turn based RPG, look no further!Awesome music, a great dialogue, and a very clear story line! No looking around for hours figuring out what to do.. Combat works well, characters either have a mana or action points pool (mana needs potions, action points restore during battle). With a wide variation of spells and a lot of effects like paralyze, blind, poision etc.Game starts of a little slow, with monsters being fast and easy. This can be a little boring at the start, but the dialogue kept me entertained. Later on in the game though, this will get more tactics. Especially with boss battle's.Art is also very well done, lots of different and original looking monsters and npcs. I found a review saying the amount of game time would be around 20 hours, I can't confirm this, but it definitely aint a short game that you finish in a couple of hours.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u6TOgSiccYI"
,Recommended,332390,33007428,Posted: 29 June,all,FSgt. A. Switz [3rd MAR],"I have to admit I am a little dissapointed.  The story never really took off for me and before I knew it, it was over before I ever really felt like it got out of what would be ""Chapter 1"" in a novel.  However, other parts of the game where enough to push my verdict to ""Recomended"" in light of it all and I hope the developers can look on this with a bit of advice for suture titles.The StoryThis was one of the larger areas of dissapointment for me.  It started off very unique and well.  The music in the barracks and intro scenes fit the mood very well and the way the proffessional soldiers talked to you as a cadet was good.  It really set the tone of life in the military as best as you can do in a RPG Maker game.But as the story progressed, everything centered around the wasteland spreading and turning monsters into tougher opponents.  Even when you make it to the village completely destroyed, it still did not feel like it was a very menacing backstory to be afraid of.  In addition, the lack of villians in the game meant that your characters pretty much just stumble on new items instead of actually having any sort of real mission.  You are mainly just being sent to investigate over and over again.  There was no one to fight or scheming to stop you it feels like.The ending was the worst.  I don't want to divulge too much for sake of spoilers, but that ending was borderline M. Night Shyamalan style like the Mist where it just vanishes or the Happening where it toojust...ends?The ""big"" revelation at the end really had as about much impact as it instead being a early game boss instead of the ""grand"" finale.Lastly....there is way too much dialougue and interaction in the game.  Kudos for not being lazy...but it was just way too much and it makes the player immune to when something is being said instead of engaged in a cutscene because half of the game some form of text is popping up every 20 seconds.  Streamline and gut it to only concentrate on the main story and then every once in a while...very rare times...add in parts that help build character identity more.Style Art and Game DesignThis was a solid B+.  Almost everyhting is custom, but I would harp on the quality.  In total honesty I think default RPG Maker parts would had been better in many spots like many of the battle backgrounds and sprite work in dungeons.But heart and soul was poured into this area I can tell and that can always be appreciated.SoundMusic and ambience matched very well.  Will give this a solid B+ as well.  There where no tracks that took my breath away, but everything fit well together.  Only area I saw that could be easily improved without having to find new commission work would be the battle background music.  Mix it up from time to time.  It gets old hearing the same thing from beggining to end of game minus boss fights.However, there must had been 30 tracks and again...although they did not blow me away, they still all fit very well together.  Great attention to detail.Overall map designUndefeated uses a very different style that is for sure.  I would recomend narrowing those dungeons by A LOT.  Eons of running around vast open areas with enemy encounters happening every few seconds is not very enjoyable.  Perhaps it was a method used to not have to make but 7-ish main dungeons in the entire game?  I dont know.  A game to end with my characters only at level 45 and only seeing a few places does not give a complete package feeling to the player.That leads me to the world map.  Again...unique?  Not sure if that is the style in your other games, but I hope it is not.  That hurts the game I think and again reinforces what I felt in the story with it never really feeling like I even left Chapter 1.  How is the wasteland such a danger to the world when it apparantly only affects an area the size of ... 100 square miles?OverallMuch more emphasis needs to be on explaining the grand scope of the game and definitly make a enemy to fight towards...not all of a sudden get attacked by.  There was never any end fight your party was going to...they just stumbled onto it.  In fact, I had no idea I was at the end of the game until I stumbled into secret room 24 of 25.  That left a bad taste in my mouth after enjoying for the most part everything else.However, work was definitly put into the game and it is enjoyable enough so I do not see this as being a waste of money for anyone.  I just can't say I am a fan of their style used in this game."
76561198069159152,Recommended,332390,31515184,Posted: 2 May,all,wrb41977,"You're in the Army now!Seriously, the game starts with you getting conscripted into the military... apparently there is a compulsory 2-year service requirement. Anyway, your term starts just in time for a great evil to rear up and try to destroy your nation.Well, at least your term will be exciting... in the Confucian proverb way...Pretty much a standard RPGMaker game. However, Aldorlea's involvement means there is some focus on plot and backstory. As well as a high likelihood for a guide.And sometimes the discount on the deluxe edition is cheaper than the main game..."
76561198039381803,Recommended,332390,15265130,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,coolopotomus,"I would definitely recommend this game if you are a jrpg fan. The storyline was pretty solid, it was a lot of fun to rank up in the military more and more as you go and get new armor sets from the quartermaster. The characters have individual personalities and the dialogue is believable which I believe is crucial for this type of game. The artwork was also pretty cool, all of the enemy battle portraits looked great. Difficulty is always an important factor in these games for me as I am a veteran jrpg player with an overly high opinion of my skills, so having the option to ramp it up is always a win for me.If there was anything to complain about in this game I would say it just needs some touchups here and there, like some tiles could be walked through that weren't meant to be walked through, and vice versa. Far from game breaking though, I got no real advantage or disadvantage from those situations. Also *mild spoiler* I wish the ""big bad"" had a more active role throughout the game.Overall I would give this game an 8/10 and would definitely say it is worth buying, especially since on steam its $8.50 right now.As for the creator's request for feedback and question of whether a sequel should be made I would definitely say yes. A followup game to see what happens to marcus and co definitely appeals to me, and I think a second touched up product could easily be a 9/10.Thanks for the fun time, Undefeated :)"
76561198025768759,Recommended,332390,16253203,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,gsdboxer,"If you are looking for those jrpg experiences of the past then Undefeated is the place you will find them. After playing this game I felt a wave of nostalgia. More and more recent entries in the genre tend to steer further away from classic rpg tropes in hopes of creating a different experience. Undefeated not only hosts these classic elements but embraces them. Hidden areas and checking your surroundings are explained early on to reap rewards for those who take the time to look, encouraging exploration. Side quests are requisitioned and stored in a separate log rather than being given vague details and relying on memory to complete. There are several difficulty and game play settings available to change the way you play. Want to have random battles? It's there. Rather have enemies on the screen instead? You can do that to.The battle system is what you would expect from a jrpg and sticks closely to what most people are familiar with. It can tend to drone on in the earlier encounters regardless of what difficulty you start off with. However, further into the game is where they start to pick up in difficulty and more thought to your actions will be needed.The story of the game is straightforward if not slightly vague in the beginning. My actions are dictated more towards following orders rather than a looming enemy or grand goal. You know, heroes quest. This changes as you progress further. Seemingly arbitrary plot devices start to make more sense. There is more to what is happening in the games world than it lets on to in the beginning.Lastly, the way the game handles character development is through small chit chat and comments that you and your team members have throughout your adventure. These small interactions do big things in tying your actions with that of the characters and helps to build their individual personalities. Through this you can see the differences from character to character and you become more attached to them. There are even instances where they may say what you're thinking. ""Why would someone hide money in a tree trunk?"" ""Well, who would look to steal money from a tree?"" Whoa, you have a good point there game.If you're looking to scratch that old school jrpg itch give this game a try instead of replaying that snes rpg for the 8th time."
76561198028239028,Recommended,332390,30944583,Posted: 4 April,all,gmfnem,"Fun game, i just hate that if you missed a quest it wont let you go back and complete it. I should be able to travel to anywhere without the characters telling me no..."
,Recommended,332390,15426053,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,"Scruffy, The Janitor.","Very Fun, Well written. Not TOO too hard at some points. A great morph of Old school top down Zelda ( Enemies refresh after you come back on screen. ) and dungeon crawler first person JRPG style Battles. 8/10 on my list and I'm not even done the game!"
,Recommended,332390,18274365,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,jannikins,"A decent game, with characters that are pretty much likeable and a plot that's considerably intriguing. I have a few irks here and there about how the game is designed, but in general, found this a pretty fun play. I liked the 'find the hidden room' part of the game, which makes exploring quite interesting.A major irk for me that's worth mentioning was the ending in which the game just sort of ended abruptly, and the fact that you can't go back and replay to complete all the side quests and find all the hidden rooms/items which you've just sort of ignored while in pursue of the main plotline. This means that you've to attempt to complete all the side quests and search for all the hidden rooms etc far before the last stretch of the game, which is a bit unfeasible at points.But other than that major point of irritation, this is still a game worth trying out for those who likes playing these nostalgic JRPG styled games."
76561198233944892,Recommended,332390,31820713,Posted: 18 May,all,Lost Seraph,"This game is really good! It's one of Aldorleas best games. If you like turn-based JRPGs, buy it, especially on sale!+ you can select the Difficulty+ Gamepad and Mouse Support+ nice story with good writing+ unique graphics+ slightly different endings+ for collectors: cards & trophies- could be longer (about 10 h if you take your time)- dlc guide lacks some information"
,Recommended,332390,17208621,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,❖|[Ceres]|❖,A very nice game!Once started playing I just can't stop!
76561198191367759,Recommended,332390,17170057,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Fangz,great game love those old 16bit games :)
,Not Recommended,332390,24741065,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,SpeDiaX,The worst turned-based battle system I have ever seen. This game gets boring and frustrating REALLY fast. The only good thing I found about this game is its Music. Definitely not worth 10$.
,Recommended,332390,29776413,Posted: 7 February,all,Ezakruel,"Nice RPG. Play in Legendary difficulty, you will not get bored. Just a little bit angry sometimes. You need to grind.This game has multiple ending. WHAAAT. 10/10Cons: The Wasteland is ridiculous. They put all kind of powerful enemies/bosses there and close to each other. I just go down this ONE stairs and there are 3 of them. Two of the I managed to kill after spending a lot of item. I stock up 30 MP refill and they are all gone. The third one is more ridiculous. The difficulty spike is stupid. One turn, full health and 3 of my party member is dead. WTAF. Damn. Sure the enemy drop is good, now I have 20 or so elixir, but still The Wasteland is ridiculous in terms of difficulty spike. And if I retreat from The Wasteland to stock up items for the 2nd time, they give bad ending. It's really once you go up there, you can go back once. The second time you go up there, there is no turning back. Still a good game though. I think the game is saying ""Oh you stock up all those items for later, better use it now or you die."" You know, by the end of this game I dont think I will have that much item in my inventory."
76561198005025120,Recommended,332390,18283594,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,cosmos,"A very intressting game. It felt like the ending was a little bit rushed, i really enjoyed it but was very dissapointed with the ending, could have been so much more. However i enjoyed my time with this game, but i will not come back to it. 7/10"
,Recommended,332390,28501805,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,yAnnaCroft,"Just finished this game. I am a huge fan of old school games, specifically rpg/Jrpg and must say that I got immediataly interested when I saw these pictures. To sum up, the scenary is well done, it has strategic battles, funny dialogues and a whole world to explore.My tips are:Saveas much as you canfor potion, you'llneedin your last battles.Exploreeachpart of the maps, there are a lot of secret rooms.Use your save files, this can save your life, literally.Try to complete the sidequests, they will give you extra money, status or new items for your upcoming battles.Talk toeveryoneyou meet.Don't waste all your MP and TP just to inflict more damage and finish the battle more faster. Pacience and good strategies will help you to get through all battles easily.And of course, enjoy the game!I hope I can enjoy more Ardolea's games!"
,Recommended,332390,28898921,Posted: 1 January,all,SunniDanni,"Bought the Deluxe pack, which came with very useful items! Some 'save' files which were great for me to start out with since I was mostly interested in the storyline, less the gameplay (which is the same across all RPG maker style games).Just one note/suggestion on the guide/walkthrough - it would have been great if the maps included in the guide were more holistic. I know this defeats the purpose of exploring, but if I wanted to explore, I wouldn't use a walkthrough. It'd be great if the guide had circle which locations to search and to also indicate the secret rooms on the maps throughout the guide, instead of at the end.Even if we left the secret rooms to the end, which was fine anyway, it'd be great if there were notes as to which map the room was on, just as a way to support the player. Some screenshots for the secret rooms did not correspond to the map location, so it was fortunate that I did make the effort to explore all over anyway.BUT, all in all. I enjoyed the story. The cutscene before the ending fight was not what I expected, AND I'M SAD! If there's an Undefeated 2, I hope you-know-who makes a dramatic come-back."
,Not Recommended,332390,20451057,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,IAmJakeSauvage,"Another game from Aldorlea that has now earned the title of the most anticlimactic game in history - let me explain...*PROS*- Enough exploration to keep it interesting- Battle system isn't TOO tedious (although encounter rate was a bit irritating)- Lots of flavor text (which I think was a great touch)*CONS*- Mapping was really bare/uninteresting for the most part- Story was pretty convoluted - like, the writer had a good idea - and could have made it really great - but they didn't take the time to properly flesh out the concept and work through their plotholes.- The ENDING - oh my god! The ending of this game was AWFUL. 1. It's the most ANTICLIMACTIC ending in all of history (I have never been more unimpressed) 2. You have no clue that the game's coming to a close - OK, so out of nowhere you meet the guy on the cover, you battle him (it's almost like a regular filler battle) and then the credits start rolling...you're kind of just like ""w-wha...?"".I bought almost all of the games from Aldorlea during the Winter Sale - to see what their devs were doing, and maybe be inspired when it came to my own projects - but all of the games so far have been more of a lesson in what NOT to do."
76561198218476223,Recommended,332390,25942634,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,taylordalton93,"Worth it if you get it discounted. While it's a good time waster it feels incomplete. There were a few areas I was never allowed to enter because the characters kept saying you don't need to go there right now and even after talking to every npc multiple times there were some quests I couldn't find or finish. Also the ending is very rushed, I expected to go back to the town and suddenly I am fighting the big boss and *BAM* game ends... Feels like there should have been multiple endings but idk..."
76561198208760199,Recommended,332390,26364681,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Lazy Scorpio,"I really liked this game and expected a lot from it given the scores. I liked the characters and was very interested in what  would happen to them. The ending was unsatisying and abrupt, but at least the beginning and middle  were of interest. I would still recommend this."
,Recommended,332390,28499418,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,HelpMeSenpai,"You can loot from dead bodies, with hilarious commentary on the way. Also, who cares if it's a house full of corpses, let's push them off the bed and take a well deserved rest!Undefeated is a charming game with interesting character dialogues, and while the mechanics are simple, it is a good rpg to waste your time on. I bought it in a bundle and I think it's pretty worth the money."
,Recommended,332390,26155998,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,MartiniPie,"I've really enjoyed this game so far, it's very enjoyable though it can be sometimes a little samey"
76561198128175678,Recommended,332390,18339957,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,reed_199,"This is the type of rpg game I enjoy. The graphics are bright and the story was entertaining. There are side quests to finish and hidden rooms to find, so the game isn't just about the main quest. The only downside is that once you finish the main quest you can't keep playing the game. I give this game 9/10."
,Recommended,332390,21518959,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Naznaz,Nice
76561198179975041,Recommended,332390,24649582,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,BigDickRick,"its a pretty fun game if you like JRPG's other than that it's just another game but in all honesty its definitly not worth10 to 13 dollars, it's more worth like, 3 to 5 bucks thats just my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ little review, oh wait, I need some comedy.♥♥♥♥ MY♥♥♥♥♥MADE ME KILL MY FAMILY 11/10 Rotten Tomatoes"
,Recommended,332390,22991030,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Kai,"Undefeated a game worth playing to bring back the older gamer in you to heart.As someone who grew up playing 18 and 36 bit games this was a homerun of Nostalgia.But if you think playing old games now won't be just as great, Undefeated goes to a new level with that, with its quirky and fun dialogue from your character as well as the NPC's, making every action and and choice fun to do.And factoring in how cheap this game is, it's worth a while game, so buy and play (y)"
76561198254178215,Recommended,332390,24574739,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,#Idon'tcurry,It´s a very nice game. I think it´s funny to play and you can do a lot of things. (:There are lots of charackters you can use to play...so it´s never boring. :3
,Recommended,332390,22884335,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Metal_Mario,"Good writing, likeable characters, decent story, and classic oldschool RPG gameplay. Music was also fantastic."
,Recommended,332390,28578507,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Buttlet32,"-Checks log in forest.-Nothing there.-Checks same log later thinking I didn't check it yet.-Is told by my character: ""What part of there is nothing there do you not understand?""-Buys all DLC.-Becomes Steam Wallet Fund Broke.-Falls into poverty.-Makes money off trading cards.-Uses the money from trading cards to buy the rest of the DLC.-Stays broke until Christmas.This game is crap-your-pants funny. Buy it."
,Recommended,332390,23528698,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,AxellSlade,"Aldorlea once more proves that RPG Maker is a powerful tool!The game follows the story of three companions as they battle their way to the source of what is corrupting their land. Even though it's a simple objective, the game manages to keep you going as the story unfolds bit by bit.As the past Aldorlea games, it has 16 side quests for you to solve, 25 secret rooms to find and plenty of unique equipment to keep you safe and powerful! Not to mention you can choose between random battles or visible enemies.The game has custom art, the sounds and soundtrack are nice enough to involve you from beginning to end.If you are looking for an RPG to play for the next 10 or so hours, pick this gem up!"
76561198132348862,Not Recommended,332390,30545690,Posted: 16 March,all,Logi,"It's time for a revised review to do this game justice. WARNING SPOILERSGraphics: Decent. Some mapping errors which can be bothersome when searching for the secret rooms.Music: DecentGameplay: It basically boils down to casting status ailment protection, buffing and beating the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the enemies until they stop moving.Spelling and usage of words: The language feels stilted. The dialog is sometimes cheesy. It's an JRPG, alright.Characters: Decent. They are easy to distinguish yet I still can't remember their names. The only one I can remember is the villain and he shows up at the very end.Story: The only strong point this game has besides the characters. Our heroes must save their homeland from a mysterious corruption that is slowly spreading and mutating animals and plants. The main villain needs more buildup to be effective. He just shows up after one of the party members sacrificed themselves to stop the corruption from spreading.I would have given this game a recommendation if it hadn't been for the laziness that are the different endings.Background information:Our heroes must enter the corrupted highlands. Entering it without protection will give them an uncureable disease that lowers their stats and deals damage every turn.The Highlands can only be entered twice. For the second visit, they need to visit a herbalist and get a second set of protection.There exists the so-called ""bail-out-token"" that allows our characters to instantly flee from anywhere.At the end of the highlands, our heroes find a lake that is the source of the corruption and spreads it.The magician sacrifices herself and unleashes powerful magic to destroy the lake so the highlands can eventually return to normal and the corruption is stopped.After this, our heroes meet Naltus, the villain that is shown on the titlescreen. He explains that due to our heroes destroying the lake, his people are finished since they need the corruption to survive.So, where is the problem?Good ending = Magician sacrifice -> Naltus Fight -> GoodBad ending = Flee the highlands twiceThere is no in-between and it doesn't matter, what you do.Let's say I never fled the highlands, my magician has sacrificed herself and I instantly use the bail-out token or use it after I talked with Naltus. I have to visit the herbalist and go back. There is no ""Let's go to our commander and tell him that we saved the day but that the villain is still out there.""There is no ending.Let's say I fled the highlands once and I do it again right after the magician sacrificed herself. I get the bad ending where the magician who just sacrified herself SPEAKS to the captain and the corruption spreads!!This makes no sense! HOW?!The bail-out-token just shouldn't function to prevent this but it works so this is just disappointing.Let us look at the conditions and how this could be used for different endings:Arrived at the lake? Defeated Naltus? Visited the highlands twice?Good ending one: Our heroes do everythingGood ending two-a: Our heroes destroy the lake but bail out and tell their boss that Naltus is still out there. The boss just sends professionals to deal with him.Good ending two-b: Same as two-a, just that they wait out until Naltus dies because the corruption has stoppedBad ending one: Our heroes just run away twice.Bad ending two: Our heroes get defeated in the highlands, captured and mutate as the corruption spreadsBad ending three: Our heroes die in the fight against NaltusThere is so much potential and this potential just wasn't put to use.This negligence is the reason why I can't give this game a recommendation."
,Recommended,332390,24150167,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,SneakyRanger,"This game makes me wax nostalgic over playing Final Fantasy 2/4 on SNES. However, this game gets better at adding in some smaller details, such as checking logs for gold, finding roots and things on the ground.My favorite part has been the dialog. It is very sharply written, and the three main characters interact with each other in a way that makes you want to be around them.I bought this for cheap in the recent sale, but would even recommend it without a sale."
76561198002824061,Not Recommended,332390,23032523,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Crazypants,Froze up on me several times wasting my time. Got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and rage Quit after the third freeze wasted an hrs worth of questing. Yeah i shoulda saved but rpgs make me tunnel hard. And glitchy rpgs can burn in hell.
76561198105067399,Recommended,332390,23555183,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,BirdEn,Im too short too see this game ;-;NEW EDIT:This game will be good to ye if you play it every day or so.IF your like me you would play this game only once and WHEN you do finish the game orwhen your about to finish the game...Ye never play it again...EVER.It will just sit there collecting dust at your library :)10/10 would buy and play for 24 hours and cant refund
76561198024502690,Recommended,332390,31778152,Posted: 15 May,all,Hoptite,👍
,Not Recommended,332390,15212369,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,marleymuzak,dont bu this game.  i spent 9 dollars on a 50cent game made with rpg maker. its way to short and the little bit of enjoyment  you get from it is ut short 5 hours in by a suprising ending...  and by suprising i mean ***spoiler alert*** its over already!!!! enjoyable game yes.. but you can find longer ones on newgrounds and for free
,Recommended,332390,21736867,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Cryosphere,If you are into the old school JRPGs this game is for you!  So far I really like it.
,Recommended,332390,34318213,Posted: 17 August,all,YPRPG,"Undefeated is a well-rounded adventure RPG with a solid story, combat system, and inventory arrangement. The game is customizable from the start, with options for difficulty level, and whether you want visible or invisible enemies. The main quest takes about 12 hours to complete.Things gets started quickly, as you are thrown into the action early in the game. The premise of the story is that you and your party are military recruits who get mixed up in a more advanced situation, and must find out what is causing mutant creatures to leave the wilderness and invade the local towns. The story has a very good plot, which leads you through the main sequence of quests; the characters are well developed, but do not factor into the story much. Towards the end of the game, however, the focus of the story is lost as it becomes secondary to a series of progressively more difficult battles, and a lot of loose ends were left untied.Your initial party includes three recruits, and a few others come and go along the way.There are a large number of side quests, but most of them are very similar, and involve delivering a message or item of some sort to one of the hundreds of NPCs that populate the map in each town. Completing them is a matter of talking to every person in every town multiple times, which can grow tedious. Furthermore, the world map doesn't always allow you to travel where you want, and tends to force you along the way to complete your main quest. Many side quests will be left behind. There are also areas of the world map that you are never able to travel to (as far as I could tell).Gold is acquired by searching hollow logs and crevices on the area map. There are 25 secret rooms in the game, which can also be found this way.Combat is well done, with normal difficulty presenting a nice challenge. All characters have unique skill sets, which develop as you progress through the levels. Strategy is an important part of battles.There are no hitches to this game, although some battles are difficult enough that you might have to repeat them multiple times. There is, however, the possibility of running out of supplies, and if this happens while you are in a place called ""the wilderness"" (roughly the last third of the game), you will have to warp back to buy new supplies. Before entering the wilderness again, you must obtain rings which ward off sickness, and you are only allowed to do this once, apparently, so be cautious. The game tells you all this anyway.Overall, the game feels like an epic through most of its progress, but the ending is rather sudden, as if we are expected to continue the adventure in a sequel."
76561198126610501,Recommended,332390,34860367,Posted: 10 September,all,valkeera,"“Undefeated” is a decent, if somewhat bland, JRPG that nevertheless plays well. You get a limited selection of characters to use, so you’re pretty much stuck with a fixed party for most of the time, but to compensate this you get a large variety of special moves and spells, which you’ll need to use judiciously to win the fights with various enemies (especially at higher difficulty levels). The story is the usual “save the world” stuff, with side quests to enrich it, and the total gameplay is something around 8 hours. Graphics is mostly a standard JRPG set, and the music is nothing extra either but it’s good enough to listen during the game. Overall, “Undefeated” probably won’t stand against such JRPG gems as Millennium or Moonchild, but if you like this genre, and have already finished the titles mentioned above, then this game is worth a try."
