user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,332310,16214829,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,GhostsheLL,As a adult gamer with children the decision to purchase this game was a no brainer:Lego = kid friendlyOpen worldController supportFun to play/exploregood game mechanicsMy five year old was able to pick up the game in seconds and has already customized a whole island.For devs:This game would be awesome if it had local co-op support (Please Add it)!It needs a compass (my son explored away from his island and I can't find it now).Update:The Devs have listened! Both Local co-op and a compass has been added!!!
76561198133673680,Recommended,332310,16558547,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,nukelaloosh44,"This is from an nine year old girl who loves legos+video games. I love mostly everything in this game, but my favorite part is that you can build anything that comes across your mind. The inprovements I would make on this game is I would add more ""bad guys"" to each lego island. Also, I think that you should make sure that the skeletons don't make an annoying sound when they attack. Last time I checked, skeletons don't have lungs. Also, I think you should add more animals to choose from."
,Recommended,332310,16177519,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Nixteen,"This game is nothing short of fantastic. They finally realized that they should make a Lego game about Lego and it really is amazing. If you aren't sure whether you should get it or not, get it.Pros-Virtual Lego, it's kickassExploring is fun and enjoyableEndless possibilitiesFlaws-No Workshop (Will be added in later)No Multiplayer (Will be added in later)Frame Rate sometimes drops, but isn't too terribleCompletely worth it, get this game."
,Recommended,332310,16125709,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Pvt. Queef,You no longer have to dump out your Lego bin to find that one little white piece that will finish your house.Now all this game needs is workshop
76561198005915501,Recommended,332310,16117924,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Player One,"Is everything awesome? YES IT IS!!!! I dare you to play this game without smiling. Pretty sure it's not possible.Love what I've tried of the Early Access so far. Worth my 15 dollars to help support this project. I can't wait to see all the different worlds. I GOT TO RIDE A BEAR!!!!Part 1: BuildingSo far from what I can tell, this early access lets you randomly generate a starting terrain, then you get to build whatever you want using LEGOS!!!Besides using just basic bricks to build whatever you want, there are premade structures and trees and things that you can set up in your world. When I set up a basic castle it also spawned some skeletons I was able to fight.Setting up a western house unlocked a horse.So yeah, tons of potential here, Can't wait to see more!Part 2: ExploringThe second random world I generated was HUGE. I dropped in, and there were treasure chests, animals, other LEGO people, and vehicles. There was also tons of terrain and things to add to your LEGO collection so that you could use them to build in the future.So far the exploring is my favorite part. I was driving dune buggies, flying planes, riding on eagles and bears, and unlocking all of it for future use.I'll be uploading video's to YouTube at the Hidden Level channel(https://www.youtube.com/user/HiddenLevelStart)as I can make them. Absolutely worth my money still, and it's only Early Access. Woo Hoo!Edit 6/3/2015: Still playing this game and enjoying every minute of it; it's really nice to be in this early access so I will be prepared for when multiplayer is released, and when updates come out it will be easy to learn/focus on the new stuff slowly at my own pacePart 1: Building/Menushttps://youtu.be/cV6Dyc02Kq8Part 2: Exploringhttps://youtu.be/FHpWIVfTlbUWhat I've unlocked so far. Skins, Creatures, Vehicleshttp://youtu.be/Xw78TUAUiM0"
,Recommended,332310,16117839,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Dan,"From initially playing, I feel like the you need a controller in order to play the game at it's best - especially to use the game menus - so it would be nice to see some work from this.Building is pretty straightforward and the graphics are nice. Kind of feels like an advanced Lego Creator if anyone remembers that game from many years ago."
,Not Recommended,332310,30382465,Posted: 7 March,all,Wilbur Cobb,"This isn't even the game I paid for, it's a totally different game. Imagine if you wanted a Lego game where you were free to do what ever you wanted with a completely open world, and the dev team has been implementing what people requested and the last few months come around. It finally releases... and it became Lego Starwars with some fancy reshape tools...I have a feeling it was a trick, they showed us something that was in beta and it was simple to make, its basically what a lot of people wanted from a lego game, then at the last minute they change the game, stopped listening to the community, and just made it something budget that people already paid for. Now they are gonna sell it and advertise it as a lego all-games-in-one package to the console market.Honestly, the game isn't too bad, and surely I would have been just fine with it, if it wasn't falsely adevrtised as an awesome fully customizable lego game.I am never gonna get an early access game, even from trusted companies, again. Next Car Game now this.I think it's time to accept that early access destroys games, and shouldn't be bought into anymore.EDIT 3/12/2017----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I am gonna add, this game isn't a bad game, I actually do enjoy it, it is pretty cool. My only issue with it, is it didn't deliver what I thought it was going to and what TT lead the community to think it was gonna be.I will turn this review positive the day they finally deliver, here is what I want to see:- Easy mod tools > vehicle maker, custom minifigure/creature maker (custom textures, behaviors, voices, quests... etc) and custom object maker (custom animations, behaviors, textures ..etc)- Full fledged online mutiplayer with custom servers, and a way to implement custom scripts to any server. Also easy open world hosting for random players to join your game lobby.- Make the game open and configurable so custom scripts and functions can be made for the game.- Add a free build mode with no quest (or make this optional, with the ability to create your own quest) and have everything unlocked for free. Also be able to set the propertise of your custom world and how it generates (I don't know if thats already in the game though, I thought I saw something like that).- The last thing I can think of; this can kind of go with the ability to make your own quest, is an NPC control tool. With the ability to set/paint road/sidewalk navigation propertise on bricks, place a transparent box with borders that make the AI stay inside towns you made, ..etc you get the idea.If they can add atleast a couple of these I can change it to a thumbs up."
,Recommended,332310,16242341,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,TheNerdScrolls,"i was riding a dragon when i spot a Giant Rock i was going to fly past it but i decided to blow it up. turns out the rock is hollow and there is a chest inside, what was in the chest you ask? A Banana"
,Recommended,332310,16117401,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Hellmanwhy,"I have only played for about 100-115 hours, and let me tell you this is the best game I have personally played in a while. You can do whatever you want, whenever, and wherever. This is a good family game for children and adults. I dont really have much else to say other than this game is awesome"
,Recommended,332310,18388284,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,SuperDuperBot18,"Here This Isnt A Review But a Statement... WE NEED TO BE ABLE TO MAKE VEHICLEs OF OUR DESIGN IN GAME That Would Be So Cool So Its Not Just Buildings You Can Make, ITS FRIKIN VEHICLES, Toby ___ PLs Do ThisOh And If YouArent Toby And Are Reading This Mark ME A Thumbs Up So He Can See This For My Sake And Yours!"
,Recommended,332310,16118111,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,MissingNO,"It plays with a controller, just like the lego story-driven games of yore, but has an open world Minecraft feel to it.Nice music, intuative controls with helpful hints, fluid animation and camera control.Oh, and in a digger you can just plough through bricks like a demolishing death-ray machine. It's ver different from the feel of other Lego games, where most stuff is indestructable. It's weird, in a good way.They should have done this years ago. Maybe now, we will finally get the Minecraft 2.0 we have wanted!"
,Recommended,332310,16211006,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,SpudHimself,STEP 1: Load Lego WorldsSTEP 2: Put this music playlist onhttps://youtu.be/E2D4PV42YRQ?list=PLZ_NcdpyULm-ZaF-_B2oPuW-f72RLgEdBSTEP 3: Be 8 years old again
,Recommended,332310,16511954,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Modemus,"Its Lego! they took all of the good stuff from our childhood, took away all the bad stuff from their Lego digital designer, gave it a near-seamless control scheme (especially if you're using a controller, its highly recommended), and threw all of that awesomeness into a randomized procedurally generated world and spoke gently that one greatest word into your soft virgin ears....""Build.....""10/10 would have it speak gently into my ears again.P.S. I will provide a far more detailed review after its first content update has released. as amazingly well made this game is strait from release, there is still not enough content in-game to warrant a full review.but seriously, its a Lego sandbox game... a freaking LEGO SANDBOX GAME! the first real one ever. why would you not buy it?"
,Recommended,332310,16144743,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,MeyBodyMeySoul,entered worldsee eaglewalk up to eaglepress EGet on eaglefly eaglemericaTrump won
,Recommended,332310,30561819,Posted: 16 March,all,✪ TryHardDolphin | CSGO500,"Let me kick you off on what this game is about, in the first part of the game you're travelling in space until a meteor hits your ship and crash on a world. You then had to collect 3 gold bricks to repair it by completing quests, and then after that you travel to new lands and collect more gold bricks and discover new tools and become the Master Builder as you were intended to do! I surely reccomend this game for you! It has some neat graphics amazing gameplay and it's also amazing to just build your own stuff!Surely no one read this far, but that's my review!10/10 on my view of perspective!"
,Recommended,332310,16125572,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Crip,"I love this game so far, and even though I have only put an hour into it, I believe I have the basis for a good review, which I plan to edit as I play more of the game. Right now, I would say I recommend this game although their are some flaws.PROS-Open World/Randomly Generated - infinite-Nice Graphics-Lots of vehicles and animals-Great terraforming and building-Lots of biomes-Nostalgia-Great Character CustomizationCONS-No vehicle creator-No flatland world option-Poorly optimized (atleast for me, ive got 12gb Ram, i5, and an r9 280x)-Clunky Controls/Camera  Angles (Works better with controller)-Limited AI engagement-No multiplayer (coming)-No workshop supportMost of the cons are more of ""my wishlist"". The only major ones are the poor optimization and chunky controls. As of now, its a fun game filled with nostalgia. The building is intuitive and the exploration is endless. The devs plan to add multiplayer, which should provide even more fun. Because this is in early access, I hope to see lots more in the future!"
,Recommended,332310,17338862,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,вιgвangreχ,"I remember when I was younger, I loved Lego, it was fun and the creativity is endless, however Lego always had 2 major issues.1. Running out of Bricks is common.2.The price of some sets are outrageous, I mean look at some of the Star Wars sets!This game is like a pint full of nostalgia and I feel like a young child again, running around in a world of Lego I imagined long ago, the game is easily a must have just for the nostalgia factor, but is it good?Well Lego World has easily fitted into my Top 5 games of 2015, how did it so? Well...Pros:The world is endless and keeps generating new lands and biomes to roam on, I mean there's a giant DESERT LAND! I LOVE RUNNING PAST THE GIANT CAKES AND SWEETS!Lots of characters to find! I enjoyed searching all over for them, plus you can use their parts to make your own character like in all the other Lego games!Vehicles are so much fun to drive, I mean the giant drill is just f*cking awesome! Plus the Plane is handy if you want to find new islands.Lots of creatures filling the land, from the stange Burnard to Dragons to Bears to Goats and much more!Random chests all over that hide new loot!LOOK AT THE PRICE! I MEAN SERIOUSLY LOOK AT IT! IT COSTS £11.99! THAT'S A STEAL RIGHT THERE! GRAB IT!The Commuinity have already created cities and much more! Do you have the guts to create one too?The detail is jaw dropping amazing, I mean you can see that the world is made from piece by piece!The graphics are fantastic, it honestly feels like I'm playing with real Lego, and not just some digtail 3D model replica.Everything you do, everything you find, everything you create is satisfying, and the game makes sure your satisfied.TT Games/Traveller's Tales always do a fantastic job with Lego games, this is easily their finest work!Cons:It's in Early Access meaning there are some bugs here and there, but even so I've only encountered about 4 so far, the first one is the Plane bouncing all over the place when it's on the ground, the second being the camara likes to hide underground sometimes, the third being that when I'm flying in the Ocean, some biomes don't spawn properly, I get introducted to the new biome, but nothing is there except water and this happened with a Swamp and a Crystal area, and lastly the game started up strangly, no music, no title screen, I just got to the main menu and the background wasn't there, the lighting was different too in the menu, however ingame everything was fine.Car and Boat controls are confusing at first, but easy to get used to.The lack of a sprint button feels odd, I know it's a Lego game and they don't usually have a way to sprint, but for an adventure game like this, it would be nice to have one.Building is hard at first, however it's easy once you get used to it!Overall this game IS A MUST HAVE for any Lego lovers, it's one of my GOTY 2015.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t6lHm-stXdM*Also some feedback for the Devs*1. Add some content from previous Lego games, like some Dinosaurs from Jurassic Park, Batman and Villians, Star Wars characters, honestly it would be amazing. Even if you add it as DLC, I would easily pay full price for it!2. Add more sets, so far we only have 1, and more would make the game already more awesome!3. Add more strange creatures like the Burnard, a lot of us created our own strange animals when we were kids, why not add more?4. Multiplayer is a must have for this game, however I understand the engine isn't designed for Multiplayer, I have a suggestion to assist with this, make Multiplayer it's own Seperate DLC, kinda like how Just Cause 2 did, so the base game isn't effected if something goes wrong.5. Stay Awesome!"
76561198048592039,Recommended,332310,30677514,Posted: 22 March,all,MASTER PAIN,LEGO® No Man's SkyOnly difference is that this game delivers more than it promises.
76561198220290228,Recommended,332310,16163682,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,JohnnyRocketisGodVersion2.0,"UPDATE 1: This game has a surprisingly powerful atmosphere, reminiscent of Flower. It's very subtle, yet so compelling. It's not something you notice until you settle down to build after you're finished exploring the world. Seriously, just sit in a quiet room and crank up the volume of the game, then wait for the Sun in-game to go down and the moon to come up, you'll know what I'm talking about. These faint nuances within the sound design of the game make the worlds feel truly alive and interconnected. I really felt like I was immersed in a fantasy wonderland ripe with imagination.ORIGINAL REVIEW: If you are a creator like me, go buy this game right now! Don't even think about it, just do it!After playing this game for a few hours I've managed to make some very basic houses. Sounds boring, yes, but I now know I can never go back to Minecraft and its cube blocks again. Sorry buddy. You will be missed.The first house I created was ayssemtrical. Every block you place down has that signature Lego clicking sound, so it feels soooo satisfying. So as I was creating my first house I had some choices: Should I use the piece that is 1 peg wide or 2 pegs wide for my foundation? This to me was monumental. Just a simple choice, but a choice that has been lacking for so long in a building game. I went with 1 peg wide to allow me to have more space in my house. Usually with the classic 1meter by 1 meter blocks of Minecraft, it was very difficult to implement any sort of crazy details into the structure. Lego bricks allow you to be much more precise and focus more on the details. On the corners of my house I ended up using the smallest bricks which allowed me to give my house an extremely realistic-looking diagonal shape.Keep in mind this is all a learning process as well. Since there are a multitude of different bricks available, you are able to focus more on the details of your creations, but at the same time it is very challenging to gain an understanding of even the most basic of building methods. This to me is a PRO, however, because it challenges you to best utilize your equipment to yield the best results. For example: after I was done creating my foundation I moved onto the roof. It took me at least a couple tries to get the roof done right. After a couple of hideous failures, I was finally successful in creating an aesthitcally pleasing and practical roof for my house. Taking what I had learned so far and applying it into my structures was such a joy.I have many more things to learn before I can build truly masterful creations. That's the appeal of this game for me: more choices and a higher learning curve. You actually have to put time into learning basic methods so you can create even the most basic of structures, and I love it. I have since created a few more houses, and along the way i have been learning new techniques, so each house is looking a bit better than the last.In minecraft, creations only looked impressive if they were immense in scale as a result of a very limited selection of blocks. Once the community gets a hold of this game, however, creations will not only be immense in scale, but extremely detailed and intricate. I cannot wait to see what the community creates.Pros:-multitide of different bricks to use (duh! this is lego afterall)-beautiful graphics and colors-very impressive for being so early in its development, meaning it has much potential-easy to use controls (although I wish there was a zoom button on the controller)- fluid movements by the characters-fun exploring elements (since the environments look so beautiful and relaistic, exploring IMO is worthwhile-surpisingly powerful atmosphere, reminescent of FlowerCons:-Controller needs a zoom-in/zoom-out function-no mutliplayer YET-camera is a bit wonky at the moment when precise building-no 1st person modeI haven't been this impressed with a game in a long time. Seriously, go get it now."
,Recommended,332310,16150630,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Panopticon,"My childhood dream has come true.For an early access this is truly amazing, and even though after a couple hours of playing it I've already found all the items and most of the characters and vehicles (cause I hope there are at least some more) I can't stop playing it again and again.Pros:- Ride bears- Blow up giant hamburgers with TNT- Wach the sunset riding a fire blasting dragon- Kill a Skelleton and wear his skull- Punch grass for moneyCons:- None, you monster."
,Recommended,332310,16208358,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Sylveonica,"Best Lego game around and similar to Minecraft, but a lot more fun. (Edit: Though I should say there is plenty different between them.)Would be even better if there was multiplayer.Camera controls when building could be a little better, but it's early access so it will likely get tweaked at some point.9/10Will be 10/10 for sure once Multiplayer arrives."
76561198136621315,Recommended,332310,22883450,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,gidonm39,we want multiplayer and workshop support
,Not Recommended,332310,30384478,Posted: 7 March,all,LB,"I really liked this game, I really did. But, with the most recent update (v1.00) the game has taken a turn for the worse.LEGO Worlds was a simple game where you could build stuff and explore many worlds. While that is still present in this version, you now need to earn Gold Bricks and jump through many hoops to be able to do these things freely. I find myself bored with this rather than entertained.Hopefully, this does improve soon; one suggestion would to add a creative mode which was how the game was pre-v1.00.Overall, this was not the game that I had payed for a few months ago."
,Recommended,332310,16135350,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,EliteAssassinDE,"I played like 10 minutes and all I can say is: R.I.P. Minecraft, 1.6.2015. Finallly i can build my own LEGO World! :)"
,Not Recommended,332310,30383743,Posted: 7 March,all,Sarra,This isn't the game I was playing last month.
76561197998701258,Recommended,332310,30402656,Posted: 8 March,all,Psygnal,"It's finally gone live, and there's a bit of controversy.The game was famously open world, and a lot of people really enjoyed the freedom that this provided. However the last patch before they hit 1.0 removed much of the open world component, and threw in a lot of quest type stuff, very much like the earlier Lego games.To be honest, the game needed a *bit* of structure, but it is now definitely unlike the game that was advertised in early access, and has moved away from the style of game that a lot of people shelled out their hard-earned money for.I liked it when it was open world, but I don't hate it now.  The quests can be a bit repetitive, but they're OK. There's still a bit of open world freedom, but nothing like the scale of the original game.  Not even close, at this stage.I genuinely believe that they should re-introduce the open world aspects as an option. A lot of people played that way, and loved it. A lot of people PAID for the game for that precise purpose.  It seems a bit weaselly to then go ahead and change the game completely.Having said that... I'm enjoying the new mode. I'm still going to recommend the game, even though I think they've done their player-base something of an injustice."
,Recommended,332310,16119631,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Chroto,"First impressions. Review will be updated as I play more, which I will be doing for sure :)This is what we have all waited for. A literal Minecraft Legos! The game is a blast to play, and the best part is there will be so much more added as development continues! I outlined some pros and cons below for those of you considering the game.PROS-Vast worlds-Lots of characters and things to encounter-Deep building mechanics-World editing-Early Access input-Great price ($15 at time of writing)-Fun, vibrant, and a living worldCONS-Kind of blurry graphics. Not sure if it’s just me but I'm going to look into it.-Early Access is also a negative, who knows if they stick to their word. We are taking a chance by trusting them at their word.-No workshop support, as of yet. This would change this game BIG TIME lolOverall, the game is great so far. I am truly enjoying myself. I think the best part is that there is limitless potential with this development. If they were to add workshop support, that alone already makes it a game for the ages! I recommend buying and downloading this game today! I look forward to going on this developmental journey with you :)*This is a WIP. Will be added to and changed over time. The game, and my review :P"
,Not Recommended,332310,33794314,Posted: 25 July,all,haha_titan,"I bought this game when it was in early access, and I can confidently say that I loved it and would definitely have made this a positive review if I had wrote it back then. Then it came out of early access - That's where it got a bit...Meh.The game used to be very exploration-based, with a massive world for you to dive in to and unlock things as you wander around. There was a lot of incentive to explore, as if you didn't explore, you didn't unlock anything new. It was just this big fantastic free-roam game where you could do or be anything you want; Imagine Minecraft on steroids.Now..? Now LEGO Worlds is more quest-based. Everything I found great about it before has been taken away. It stopped being an exploration and building game and dissolved in to this boring ""Look for this person and then go find this person an item on a small, limited world"" simulator.They made the game so god damn linear. How did they manage to have a massive open world with limitless possibilities and somehow dumb it down to everything being limited by missions? It is utter baffling."
,Recommended,332310,16130418,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Onyx,Bought this game for the kids and I've become addicted to it myself.
76561198064247907,Recommended,332310,17803064,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,andyko888,"This is a great game. It's definitely worth the $15 now, especially if that goes up when the game is finished. The graphics are beautiful- it feels like real lego instead of a pseudo-lego 3d animated world. I have not encountered one bug, although I  only bought the game 2 days ago.ProsYou get to be in a world made entirely of lego. Really, that's worth $15 by itself.There are land and air vehicles, something I wish minecraft had. (I realize that its nature makes any land vehicles very difficult to make. I mean, every surface is either perfectly flat or a wall.)There is a great variety of people, biomes, and creatures.Maybe-an-easter-egg-maybe-not: Whenever you unlock something, it plays a fanfare from the ""Bifrosty Reception"" level of LEGO Marvel Super Heroes.Cons:This game has no multiplayer. This is the one reason I was divided on buying it- I knew it didn't have this feature. This is a pain for me because I usually play video games with my younger sister, and haing to take turns is pretty much the bane of anyone who plays games.MY GOD, THE MENUS: The menus in this game are even worse than the ones in The Hobbit. To equip an item, for instance, you must:Open the ""General"" menuScroll up or down until you find the tab which includes items (it also includes creatures, characters, vehicles, 2 kinds of models, and props)Open that tabSurprise! The tab was actually a submenu. (As is every other tab) FInd the ""Items"" tab in the submenuPsyche! That tab was also a submenu. (As is every other submenu tab) Scroll around until you find the item you wantSelect that itemClose the menuAt this point, even a monkey could have killed you twice.Other suggestions for the developers:Make nights darker, so the lantern is actually useful.Make monsters more dangerous/aggressive/numerous/varied (One thing I missed from minecraft). This also gives people an actual reason to build a shelter. (this and the previous suggestion could be part of a ""Hardcore"" mode.Add an option to make your own creations indestructible to you (In case you slip up with the bazooka or drill machine)Add a wielding torch or something which gradually restores damaged structures.Add more varied items- most of them do basically the same thing now.Add characters from  other franchises- even if they're DLC.Make more realistic bullets- the one for the pistol is the same as the one for the bazooka.Add the option to import lego models from Lego digital designerMake it workshop enabled so people can share creationsAdd more specialized weapons like a rifle with a scope (like the telescope) or a machine gunAdd a first person view, because third person is kind of annoying in small places like the pyramid. Also, it would feel more realistic.All of these are secondary to multiplayer (preferably splitscreen), however."
76561198049293379,Recommended,332310,16121501,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,TheDarkestKnight,"I can build a... I can build, build a... I can build a... I can build a spaceship! Spaceship! SPACESHIP!!!!SPACESHIP!!!!"
76561198063856909,Recommended,332310,16132414,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,m_m121,You can dig waterEdit: You can dig treesSecond Edit: You can dig lavaThird Edit: You can dig cloudsFinal Edit: You can dig anything
,Recommended,332310,17624313,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,freenaturearts,"I know it's still in Early access and theres no promis that they'll build it into a fully finished game but they honestly don't have to. Since the original lego games came out for the computer back when I was visiting my aunt in 1998. I loved the idea of a online build and unlimited block capabilities. But even those games where very limited based on the storyline. Just as Lego Jurassic world is today.. While I still love it , it has it's limits and for a creative person like me it does hit ya a little hard :/.. But lego worlds!? OMG I've had it all of three days and I already love it, the exploration, the unlimited amount of generated worlds. The caves, the biomes, the animals , enemies and characters. Props to unlick, Worlds to build and hours of Adventure!? It's like minecraft was just a building block for this, and now with the concept out full steam. the lego I dreamed for 16 years ago has come to life and I can not praise the creaters enough. Keep going, keep improving, keep growing this world. You have generations of gamers salivating and the potential in it's future. The game is fantastic and I could care less if it's ever published as a full game.  The continual improvements makes everyday a adventure."
,Not Recommended,332310,23527920,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Tom,"LEGO Worlds is a sandbox game developed by Traveller’s Tale and published by Warner Brothers Interactive Entertainment, releasing on Steam in early access in June 2015. The game is still in Early Access and whilst the developers seem to be updating the game on a monthly basis, what they do update isn’t exactly ground breaking stuff and nothing is on the horizon for resolving the issues this game has currently.  Now, followers of my reviews will know I absolutely love LEGO games but sandbox games is probably one of my least favourite genres so I was a little sceptical going into this title but I hoped the LEGO name would carry it a little.Gameplay wise, there actually isn’t that much to do sadly. You are parachuted into a randomly generated world using a seed system and you will encounter other Lego figures, creatures, items and vehicles. Once you encounter them, they will be “unlocked” – this will allow you to purchase said item using bolt bricks which you pick up by destroying objects in the world or by slaying enemies.  That’s it – there isn’t any crafting system, no little objectives to complete, no story, quests, nothing, just an open world with very little interaction in it. This left me very disappointed as other LEGO games are known for having exciting open worlds and little Easter eggs here and there.The other game play element is the building mode, which is essentially the creative mode from games like Minecraft.  This was the feature I was most looking to trying out, I had craved a game where you have unlimited bricks that allowed you to just play LEGOs digitally. Minecraft was often referred to as digital LEGO when it first released, now we have just that. Let me start with the plus points of this mode; you have all the tools to build absolutely anything you want; the huge amount of different types of bricks you have at your disposal is impressive. LEGO Worlds also has a very good terrain controlling tool, much like Minecraft has but it is far better designed and you can modify your world without causing your PC to grind to a halt. Sadly these plusses are marred with the game’s biggest fault – the controls and camera.  The camera in this game is absolutely atrocious; it prevents you from having any sort of enjoyment out of the anything! Because you have such a large selection of small Lego Bricks to use when constructing your models, you obviously need to be very precise with your placement of bricks, the camera does everything and anything it can to prevent that and just ends up jumping all over the shop, not moving where you ask it to, or just plain and simply not working at all. This made the game unplayable and left me very salty.Graphically the game is made out of Lego bricks, but there is so much visual noise on screen as literally everything is made out of bricks so all the walls and mountains are built piece by piece out of small individual bricks, which can be a little off putting when you are looking out over the world. It almost comes across as being a little pixelated which some may find distasteful.  I would have liked to see it take on the same style that the other LEGO games use, where objects are built using bricks, but the actual environment has a sort of split between bricks and normal material. The music is also fairly off putting too; it doesn’t fit the LEGO universe at all, I felt like I was marching into battle at times, it is very regimental and just not right for this type of game.I’ve been playing LEGO Worlds for just about two hours now and I feel like I actually wanted to stop playing way before now.  This would easily be one of my favourite games if I could actually play it, I would be able to spend hours upon hours in this game just playing LEGOs – this is the sort of game that you could easily introduce small children to playing if it wasn’t so damn hard to control.Apart from the technical problems with the camera, I also had slight performance problems too. Even on my rig I wasn’t able to get a steady 60 fps. This isn’t a rare problem either, after checking the forums people with much beefier rigs than mine were also experiencing performance problems of not even being able to breach the 30 fps mark which is absolutely absurd for the hardware being used.This game is quite obviously in no state both technically and mechanically to be considered a worthy purchase right now. I am astounded this has been marked as “Very positive” for overall reviews because it is just unplayable. I seriously hope the devs are able to fix the problems with the camera as I really would love to play this game some more, but right now it is not worth your time or money.  It has all the potential to be a really good creative game, not so much on the “survival” side but to use it as a tool to just build LEGOs till your hearts content. I am going to rate this as a not recommended for now.Tom's Early Access Score Card1) Stay away,2) Not recommended, generally bad game3) Purchase with caution4) Potentially good game5) Worthy of purchase even in current state6) Highly recommendedIf you found this review helpful, please give it a thumbs up. If you would also like to follow my reviews more easily, be sure to join my group by clickinghereand checking out theTeamTom Review sitehttp://store.steampowered.com/app/332310"
76561198033039172,Recommended,332310,19408542,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,SyNrG,"I swear i bought it for my kids! It is a very complicated game. They wanted to play, but I spend several hours showing them how to run, jump and swim. They seemed very annoyed at having to sit and watch me show them how to dig, find objects, fly a dragon and tame a monkey. They are now playing very well. They tell me the game is entertaining and delightfull.But this review is based of their gameplay, I have not had much experience with it.A helpfull tip for other dads who want to teach their kids, you have to do a tutorial of at least 18-22 hrs of gameplay before the child will get what they need to do."
76561198059919558,Recommended,332310,30686345,Posted: 23 March,all,Mittens,"If you're planning to play this in split screen with your children, like I did, I would recommend playing through the tutorials by yourself. My 7 year old and I managed to get stuck in the tutorial worlds 3 times. Usually due to both of us triggering an event at the same time and not getting the tool needed to complete the quests. After I got thru the 3 tutorial levels on my own I let him jump back in and we haven't had any major issues since.I was very close to thumbing this down. It's pretty buggy, especially in split screen. But it has it's own charm, and my son doesn't seem to mind falling through the world occasionally."
76561198084892516,Recommended,332310,16482406,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Walter Wrap,"Do you like Legos?Do you like Minecraft?Do you want to explore outstanding lands filled with interesting people, vehicles, plants, and structures?Do you dream of riding Eagles, Bears, Polar Bears, Goats, Cows, Pigs, Giraffes, Fire-Breathing Dragons, and other outrageous creatures?Do you want to support an awesome new game that will continue to grow in amazing waysIf you answered ""yes"" to any of these questions, stop what you are doing, and buy this game.If you didn't.... don't, I guess."
,Recommended,332310,16242517,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Twitch.tv/fridgedot,>Skydives Like Rico From Just Cause 2>Finds Volcano Place>Finds Dragon In Said Volcano Place>Proceeds To Murder Dragon>Becomes Dovahkin>Climbs Mountian>Trys To Create Temple>Becomes A Greybeard>Rate 11/10
76561197988503325,Recommended,332310,30472941,Posted: 12 March,all,Dave,"1. Landed on a world.2. Met a squirrel who wanted a magic potion.3. I gave it the magic potion and it started talking to me.4. It told me it was trying to catch big foot, and asked me to build a trap.5. I build a trap.6. The squirrel gives me loads of studs.7. Suddenly, big foot comes along and punches my squirrel friend.8. I then shoot big foot with a bazooka.9. The squirrel dies in the explosion.10. I build a lego grave for it.11. Then, I spend all my studs to unlock the big foot character.12. I turn into big foot.13. I then terrorise a nearby town.10/10Has better quests than Skyrim.EDIT: I also poured more hours into this game than in Gmod!"
76561198032714518,Recommended,332310,19318292,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Dutchie,"The only limit in this game is your fantasy......and the camera, it's pretty hard to use."
76561198120496758,Not Recommended,332310,30392064,Posted: 8 March,all,maya.yokia,"I did reccomend this game before they updated it on march 7,2017 and ruined itIt's not worth the $30 it is now it not even worth the early acess price any more which was 16.99 this game is now id say worth about $5You used to be able to explore freely in infinite worlds discover things build play do whatever you want now. I was very shocked when I was trying to explore the ""pirate playground"" and I fell off the world EXCUSE ME WHATlet me tell you the difference between the early acess and the so called alpha we have nowearly acess-free roam sandbox-discover everything-infinite worlds-world seeds-ability to delete worlds-no save files like alpha so naviagting the worlds was easier-worlds easy to acess and load-on startup you could choose what world you wanted to go to right awayalpha-save files-world limit-no way to delete saves in the game or worlds-world can be small medium or large so you can fall off the edge-takes forever to load-loads on the last world you were on-takes forever to get through tutorials the first couple worlds-unlock system is cumbersome-the slogan discover everthing build anything sounds creative but the game very much limits your creative inspirition-the title screen intro is unskipable and long- sometimes a skip button appears to skip the intro but it shows up too late into the intro and if pressed you still have to wait the same amount of time to have the menu pop up-when changing to a new world the loading animation can take forever to complete and can lagi understand what they were trying to do with the unlock system to make it more story driven however there was a system similair to unlock just the characers requesting the queststhe random generated sandbox infinite worlds is mostly what i miss from a personal standpoint i see others on here agree aswell becase the freedom was taken awayalso why cant we delete saves and worlds why"
76561198093139573,Recommended,332310,23558523,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,bob21567,"Pro's- Amazing Dynamic Music- World Full fo Aventure- Infinitely Generated World- Alot of characters- Alot of things to discover, I MEAN ALOT- Kid Friendly Game- Local Multiplayer- Best animations for a lego game- Early game access so more updatesCon's- Clunkey Introduction Menu- Glitchy Character Editing- No Key Mapping- Annoying Jump Animation on Explorer Character w/ No hat- Annoying Keyboard controls on Screen 24/7- Have to right click to move in first person- Glitchy first person- Glitchy building camera perspective- No ablility to change low graphic text- Not steam workshop compatable- No online servers multiplayer- No main story- No tutorial- No missions or quest- Still an early access game- Glitchy Camera- Annoying Message appears telling you the game is stuggling even when perfectly 60 frames, you have no choice but to lower the graphics quality"
,Not Recommended,332310,30844796,Posted: 30 March,all,Lenny The Drunken' Demo,"After completely getting all 100 Golden Bricks, I can safely say that I am ready to give this game a review.This is my opinion and mine alone.So, let me explain something. This game is very fun. I feel that this is the first LEGO game to build on the actual aspect of imagination. This game has much to offer and many things to see. For example, you can discover things and some of those things can also be characters you can play as. The vampire is a great example being the only one that can fly without help of creatures or vehicles. There are many things to explore in this game, including the choices of lots of biomes.But, for me... That kind of stops there. This game has many glitches that was not fixed during early access. I have not played the console verson, but I know for a fact that building takes too long and is very hard. It takes too long because of the awkward camera angles. Don't forget the countless glitches that this game holds. I tried to do multiplayer with my friend and because of how glitchy the game is, both me and my friend's save file got wiped. I'm very glad that I did this around the 27% mark of the game or I would have never touched this game again. After you discover everything and get all of the Golden Bricks, the game feels very pointless on singleplayer. And it's worse with combat. There is no correct aim so you have to spam the button and hope you hit what you want to hit or else you're going to fail.Overall, I feel that this game is if No Man's Sky and the LEGO franchise had a baby. It's fun to play and see what's hidden, but you're going to be stopped by glitches and bugs that will stop you from having fun. At the most, I really don't recommend this who want to complete a game, but I recommend this to those who want to just fool around and have fun."
76561198236526570,Recommended,332310,16896159,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Pokejoseph64,"This game overall is pretty good even though there isn't much stuff in it. I did encounter a couple of bugs but I think this game still has potential.I also have some ideas...1. A beacon/spawn point you can teleport to in case you get lost exploring2. More LEGO sets from other themes (such as Star Wars, Ninjago, City, Castle, Pirates, Space, etc.).3. MORE MINIFIGURES!!!4. Achievements"
,Recommended,332310,16125890,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Buff Orpington,"Minecraft with MUCH better graphics and the LEGO aesthetic and personality. Even in its early access stage it is primed to make Minecraft look dull and lifeless by comparison. As features are added it could really be a Minecraft-killer at some point, but not yet."
,Not Recommended,332310,30398337,Posted: 8 March,all,Raptorz,"Before update 1.0 it was a good open world sandbox game, but now u have many little worlds and some ""quests"", no fun at all."
,Recommended,332310,16217014,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Mr. Bellcaptain,"When I first started up this game I had a smile a mile wide. Absolutely amazing! It has incredible graphics and wonderful sound. I hope that in the future we can create out own vehicles. I'd love to see more pieces added like the rounded tube pieces and the flat circle pieces. I would also love to see the ability to build railroads and brand name stuff, like Star Wars or Disney or Harry Potter or the upcoming Jurassic World stuff. Overall though it's an amazing game and I can't wait to see where they go with it."
76561198087909545,Not Recommended,332310,23415643,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Mr Sneff,"This game is a dissapointment. When i first heard about this game, I got really excited I thought: Minecraft+Lego+Lego Racers+Spaceengineers+Lego Digital Designer. The concept was AMAZING, being able to build whatever you want, BUT NO. With a complete lack of a physics engine and no vehicle building/customization the game feels bland. The best part of building Legos for me has allways been the complete freedom of creativity, but not being able to put wheels on a plate and build a car is a big flaw.A game needs a good base for creativity, for example Minecraft has mining, crafting, survial and building. You mine and craft to survive. You don't really have a purpose wich really is the way to go with sandbox games.Where this game really fails is the fact that it's the reverse of Minecraft. In this game you have a purpose, go around collecting chests, animals and vehicles. But you don't have a good base game in which to be creative. There is a huge differnence between collecting resources to craft things and collecting completed things. The basic Idea of sandbox games is to use the resources to create new things but there is none of that in this game. It's like constantly being in ""creative mode"" not as fun as survial.Another huge issue is the lack of a steam workshop, you wouldn't even have to be able to build vehicles or small props in game if you could just use something like LDD to create them and upload them to the workshop.PLEASE FIX THIS GAME IT COULD BE THE BEST GAME EVER!!!!I had so much hope for this game BUT it failed me. DON'T BUY UNTIL IT HAS A WORKSHOP!!!"
,Not Recommended,332310,30398085,Posted: 8 March,all,Bishie2,As many people have said this is not the game i payed for when i got it. It was an amazing sandbox before the V1 update and now the game is completely different if you could choose to have the sandbox and be able to do what you want instead of haveing to do quests for gold bricks. So at the time i dont recommend this game if they change. It so we can just do sandbox i might change my recommendation.
,Recommended,332310,17040253,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,SunnyDetox,Day 1 in Lego World-------------------------- Became British- Discovered chest full of money- Discovered horse- Rode horse to next chest- Chest had sword inside- Discovered dragon- Rode dragon on mighty conquest- Disocvered desert mesa- Built fancy house on mesa- Took fancy car- Drove about spreading Imperialism- Drove car into lava lake- Rode off into sunset on a husky10/10 would Imperialist again
,Recommended,332310,30796060,Posted: 28 March,all,Misery,"As someone who had about a sqillion different Lego sets as a kid, I remember often being excited for all of the different Lego games that would come out from time to time, as the thought of building in a virtual space just sounded so awesome.  Of course, it never really happened... the games took place in Lego-related worlds with the associated characters and such, but you never actually MADE anything.  There wasnt really much precedent for that, back then.  Of course, things are different now, as Minecraft hit the industry like a freight train, causing developers to see just how much potential there was in such an idea.  Lego Worlds is another take on the Minecraft formula, but it puts it's own unique spin on absolutely everything, being alot more than I could have imagined such a game could be, way back when.If you're at all familiar with Lego games, some things will probably be immediately familiar to you.  The way your character moves and jumps, the way you clobber enemies with various weapons, the ""studs"" that you collect and use as currency, and of course the way absolutely EVERYTHING shatters into a bazillion bits flying all over the place.  These elements are all worked into the game nicely.  The controls are for the most part good... if you're using a controller.  Keyboard and mouse?  Just... just dont.  Seriously, THAT part is a problem.  But if you're okay with a controller, you wont find any real issues getting around the game world as the controls are tight and responsive.Speaking of getting around, your character has quite a ton of options for doing so.  Firstly, you can climb on basically everything.  Scale walls, or even go across ceilings.  Or find any of about a gazillion possible vehicles to get around faster and in style.  There are all sorts of land, air, and water vehicles, including a bunch of things that are capable of digging through the landscape, or doing other things like paving roads. You can even ride animals (alot of them).  Surf around on a gator!  There are a ton of things there, and that's a theme that carries over to the rest of the game.   There is an absolutely stupid number of things to find and unlock here.  I cant remember the last time I saw a game with this many unlockables.  Things are unlocked in a variety of ways:  tools are unlocked through the tutorial areas, various objects are unlocked by scanning them, bricks are gotten by tackling gremlins (???), and so on.  It can be a bit confusing at times, figuring out how to unlock stuff, particularly as some things can only be unlocked once certain conditions are met or quests done.  And it can be hard to figure out just how to unlock that huge gorilla when he's constantly trying to beat your face into the ground.Speaking of which:  EVERYTHING WANTS TO KILL YOU.  Skeletons and zombies and gators and pigs and... everything.  Baddies are everywhere, and what really surprised me is just how easy it is to die in this game.  Lost count of just how many times my guy exploded. Enemies tend to move very quickly and are extremely aggressive.  But you've got TONS of options for dealing with them:  you have an inventory of items, weapons, and equipment, and there are sooooooo many things you can find.  Some are pretty basic, like a sword or a rifle, but others like a paintball gun or a Lava Bow can have special effects, even altering the landscape.  You can find plenty of non-weapon things too, such as binoculars, or a pneumatic drill (which, yes, does indeed let you dig downwards).  And there are also ""trade"" items that you dont use directly, but give to characters or animals to make things happen.  All the different items in the game are well done, fun to use, and the sheer number of them means there's always something new for you to find and hit skeletons with.Of course, this is a sandbox game as well... it's not just about action and hitting angry cavemen with a stick.  Like in Minecraft, EVERYTHING is destructible.  The entire world and everything in it is made of Lego bricks.  Your tools allow you to interact with the world in a pile of ways.  You have ways to dig through terrain, raise hills, paint walls... you name it.  Some tools are good at doing ""mass"" jobs, but then there's ""build mode"", which is where you do individual brick placement.  I'm actually surprised at just how well this works.  Once you get used to it, you can do even fairly large things pretty darned quickly, right down to the tiniest detail.  This is a very enjoyable aspect of the game, which is good, since this is probably it's biggest selling point.  It's easy to get sucked into the building aspect of the game and lose track of time.  Of course, what you can build WITH is determined by what you've unlocked.  There are a squillionty different brick types and objects and characters you can use, but the vast majority of them are locked at the start.  Unlocks do come very rapidly in this game, but the sheer absurd number of them means that getting everything is going to take a bloody long time.The game also integrates all of these different things you can do into it's mission system.  The goal of the campaign is to collect enough gold bricks (like the stars from Mario 64) to become a master builder and fully power up your rocket ship.  You'll be doing tons of different quests of all sorts in order to get these and other prizes.  This might involve painting someone's house, building something, rescuing some guy from an army of monkeys, or even exploring a giant, dangerous labyrinth of a dungeon (and dungeons tend to be huuuuuuge).  The missions in the game work out really well, and tend to be pretty fun to do.  Even when I didnt HAVE to do something like build an entire structure (build quests usually have very, very small requirements) I usually found myself doing it anyway, simply because it was fun to do.And that seems to be the major theme of the game:  sheer simple fun.  Everything you do here is just enjoyable to do, whether it's building, digging, flying across the landscape, or running from and/or dying to a giant army of gators.  In true sandbox form, you have the freedom to do what you want, when you want to, and you'll constantly unlock bigger and bigger world sizes to explore as you get more and more gold bricks, giving you even more places to do things in.   There are MANY different biomes and such.  And with the copy tool, you can take your built structures with you to each new one.... you dont have to leave your awesome house behind.My one issue with this:  It's kinda buggy, at least right now.  There isnt anything gamebreaking, or anything that ruins the fun, but still, the issues can be bloody annoying when they do pop up.  And while the game is absolutely gorgeous, it's going to need a pretty beefy machine to really do it justice.All in all, this game has really proven to be more than worth the wait, at least in my opinion, even if I am being eaten by skeletons every 5 minutes.  I love sandbox games but am really picky about them:  This one though, definitely meets all of my standards, and then some.  Fantastic game... this review doesnt do it justice.  There's SO much more I could talk about here, but Steam wont give me that kind of space.  But I think you get the idea."
,Not Recommended,332310,32799676,Posted: 25 June,all,June Sunday,"This game isn't as bad as people say but in it's current state its hard to recommend.First and formost this game should NOT have been released off of early access yet for a number of reasons. Firstly, most the quests are broken and the ones that aren't are laughably boring. If you like painting (literally just changing the colour of bricks) or finding items that are nowhere to be found, then this game is for you. Secondly, the game holds most of itself away from you until you find ""gold bricks"". How do you find them? Well since most of the 'quests' (if you can really call them that) are broken you'll spend most of your time searching for them in chests that are ALWAYS buried underground and you have to dig them up (once you've unlocked the landscape tool). I could go on, don't get me started on any of the vehicle controls. This game had a LOT of promise in early access, a chance to build and explore your very own lego world? Take my money! Discovering items and characters was exciting (and didn't require giving items you never have only to find ONE and they take it out of your inventory!) and the biomes were unique. But all we got was a cheap, rushed game that forces you to do things the hard way to lengthen what little content and experiences it offered. Don't get me wrong, walking around for the first time is amazing, and finding your first town is the coolest! But the gimmicks wear off fast and after grinding your first 50 bricks for a world size that isn't tiny you'll start to loathe this game.  There are only a limited amount of bricks to build with and you have to unlock them all too! One by ONE. There's no difference between adventure mode and sandbox except sandbox has unlocked everything and has no quests. Which is what most people will probably play. And don't expect to see giant lego cities like Lego City undercover either, towns are tiny to say the least. As it is right now, there are way too many bugs, glitches and broken mechanics to enjoy Lego Worlds. I'd hope for future updates but seeing the trailer for the 'classic space pack' DLC we'll probably have to shell out more $$$ to play a decent game. Why make DLC for an unfinished game?Sorry for the rant, I don't hate this game. I just REALLY dislike it."
76561198149655186,Recommended,332310,28399328,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,A Potato,"A great game to play with friends (full of laughs), although it is still lacking so much as many people have said.THE GAME NEEDS:- Customizable and buildable vehicles- A proper physics engine (falling blocks if not connected to the world)- A survival mode where you have to find and craft items (like in Minecraft)- Use more licensed lego sets like star wars, marvel superheroes, etc. (like how it was done in lego dimensions)- Multiplayer with many more players than just two.- Many many many many more weapons, characters, vehicles and animals (like I said above, use licensed lego sets)- Fixed and improved first person view.- A workshop to build, share and download other models (and hopefully vehicles if added)- A lot more unique blocks instead of just the basic ones"
,Recommended,332310,16449576,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,[BiZzNaStY] Dickem,"Explored the world as a spooky scary skeletonWatched two huskys chase a horse into the sea10/10But in all seriousness, LEGO Worlds is a really good game, and I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys games like Minecraft. There are a few problems with the game though, like:-There is no multiplayer (as of this build)-No kind of map system, so you should be careful about wandering from structures you really like-Some NPCs are not biome linked, so it may take a while to find one you really enjoy and want to use for customizationThere is a lot of good which I feel outweighs the bad, like:-Tons of boimes to explore and props to unlock-The music is pretty good-You can ride a dog-Plenty of vehicles which means plenty of ways to get around-It's LEGO, I mean come onAll in all, I give this game a pretty solid 8/10"
76561198089788463,Recommended,332310,30421364,Posted: 9 March,all,Kaeby,"No idea why everyone's ♥♥♥♥♥ing about the state it's in now, it's WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY better now.9.5/10it'd be .5 better if there were lightsabers ;D"
,Recommended,332310,32075293,Posted: 30 May,all,Dio The Creative (Sci),"I could write about this game for hours, I probably will come back and edit this to give you all 50 billion reasons you should play.If you like to build, if you like to explore, if you like to have fun. This game is a must...Here is my very small new youtube channel, it has two good videos of this game.https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtlHyO3-HpzZ1kJDqwcTU2wI have played the game since the beggining, and have 600+ hours on it. And I do not plan to stop playing anytime soon."
76561198165999134,Not Recommended,332310,28144322,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,The_Scone_Survivor,"A lot of folks really enjoy this game. I really wish there was a ""Meh"" button. I love the concept and bought into it based on an expectancy to grow. After a while now it's still just stale. I Do enjoy building with bricks piece by piece and I like the vehicles you get access to, however it seems as though the developers don't want much to do with this game. It seldom gets updated. I was very much hoping for buildable vehicles but it appears as though that isn't going to happen, at least not anytime in the forseeable future. The last update post I read ended with the developer stating that maybe the stuff they just got done talking about for a whole page will happen.... maybe. I really want this project to succeed but in it's current state I'm not sold. I will edit my review based on any changes in the future.Edit: Not a couple of years, thank you Anikin for pointiung that out.Edit: Well it released. Nothing new came. Same old game."
76561198022130813,Recommended,332310,23597485,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Sir Jingles Von Purr,"Oh boy, do i wonder how people can hate on this. This is not like the old Lego games like Batman, Starwars, Lotr etc. This is THE LEGO GAME, a Lego game about actually building with Legos, down to the smallest detail. If you expect story lines like the old lego games, this is not for you. If you, like me, on the contrary want to build the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of anything you can imagine, this is for you. Make no mistake, it lacks a lot of things, but the possibilities of building a world is endless.All these bad reviews kinda reminds me of the early JC3 reviews, alot of people complaining about whats not there, instead of appreciating what is.. 8/10, would digitalize my childhood again :)"
,Recommended,332310,16244214,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Nokieokidoki,"Found a dragon, built lake town, destroyed lake town with dragon whilst maniacally laughing. Lego never ceases to amaze... 10/10"
,Recommended,332310,16179095,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Crimson,"First of all... HELL ♥♥♥♥ING YES!!! MY 7 YEAR OLD SELF IS JUMPING UP AND DOWN SQUEALING WITH DELIGHT!!!Erm... Anyways...I'm gonna start off by saying... RIP Minecraft and Blockland. This game just came out and I feel like it has more features, enjoyment, and potential than Minecraft. I can play Minecraft for 20 minutes after starting a new world and then I'll get bored, but this isn't a review of Minecraft, it's a review of LEGO Worlds.Imagine LEGOs, but on your computer. That's pretty much what this is. LEGO has finally made a game about LEGOs, and they have done an absolutely amazing job on it. This game is still in Beta and it already has a hell of alot of stuff in it, but the developers plan on adding more, and when they do, it will be one of the best games of all time, and the best LEGO game ever.With multiplayer, this will be 10x better. It also needs more sets and hopefully all the different themes of LEGO (Star Wars, Harry Potter, etc.), and there will hopefully be mod support and the ability to import things other players have built.This game has the potential to be the dream game for LEGO fans and I definitely recommend.11/10 would stare at scientist riding goat across my screen again."
76561198183952091,Recommended,332310,18123195,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,SPARTAN NINJA13,This is my childhood in a video game!Pros+Can do almost anything+so many things to find and build+great looking worlds+LEGOCons-TERRIBLE CAMERA-needs first person-animations can get you stuck-very hard to aim
,Recommended,332310,19491355,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Jaroodie,This game gives me nostalgia to the olden days of my youth when all i had was some lego figures and an imagination. Ahhh good timesGreat game that has amazing intentions10/10 would step on lego bricks again
,Recommended,332310,16118017,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,deinfinityx,"Having played about an hour of this game, I am quite impressed at the amount of detail in a $15 game.  Some of the tools to build seem kind of clunky but the exploration aspect is impressive.  Well worth the money."
,Recommended,332310,18722325,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,JonsJava,"You know those epic games? You know the kind.  The ones that make you wish you were living in that world more than this one.This game isn't that, but it's pretty awesome.  My wife keeps stealing the controller from my kids to ""help""them.  2 hours later, ""Mommy, can I play?""No, no you can't.  Gotta find the fish to tame the eagle.  Gotta find the pistol to get the cowgirl.Keep away from adults.  This game is a drug!"
,Recommended,332310,16205056,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Admiral Nemo [JSSG],"I punched a nurse who lived high up in a big tree, she ran away and started riding a bear. I then skyjumped out of the tree and rode into the sunset on a tiny plastic wolf that was better animated than any animal in Skyrim.10/10 Would punch nurse and ride into the sunset again.Adding an actual review to this review.I've played the game now for about nine hours at the time of writing this and while I will most likely continue to do so... I do have some problems with the game that I'd like to point out.Number one (and this is a big one): The camera manipulation is downright nauseating. They seem to have adapted their camera movement from previous LEGO games like LEGO Lord Of The Rings and the LEGO Star Wars games. Now I don't have any problem with the camera angles in those titles mainly because they tend to be well scripted to always focus on the right thing or the level is linear enough for it not to be an issue.In LEGO worlds however, this means you get a third person view that kind of follows you around rather than actually listens to your direct input.There is a good reason that most open world building games have both a first person and third person perspective you can switch between, this is because a lot of the time you will be sticking your nose into details and you don't want your character getting in the way. You also want to be able to look around quickly when under attack.In ground vehicles it becomes really apparent how ill this system fits the game.I propose that the entire camera system should be redone with a higher field of view and more traditional third and first person camera controls because quite frankly I don't see how you could ever get the current system to work in a responsive kind of way for this type of game.Number two: You can't build vehicles. I really hope that a system for assembling vehicles will be implemented because that will really be the thing that makes or breaks the game for me. Building stationary objects is fun but there already is LEGO Digital Designer, not to mention countless other building games in the style of Minecraft that offer a lot more interactivity.Some smaller issues I have are the lack of multiplayer/co-op, some lack in UI functionality and bugs, a big lack of LEGO parts and low draw distances but I'm sure all of this will be fixed later on.Despite the short draw distance the tech behind this game is quite impressive and for the amount of detail on display it runs pretty well. I get between 50 to 60 fps pretty consistently with exception of when I'm in an aircraft.In conclusion I will say that it shows promise but it's very rough around the edges. It goes without saying that the open world building game-genre is a perfect match for the LEGO theme and I have no doubt the game is going to be very popular upon release.Right now though, only buy this title if have high tolerances when it comes to field of view and odd camera movements."
,Recommended,332310,18596318,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Tomas CW,"I've been a fan of Lego and their video games since Creator and Loco days. Back in June 1st, 2015, I heard about Lego Worlds the minute it was released. I'm quite suprised such a high profile company would go the early access but I'm not complaining.  Like everyone else, I was hyped and wanted right now. I didn't have the budget at the time to get and remained out of the loop until recently.Proir to my purchase, Lego Worlds lacked titles in the cutscenes that told which binome you were in and who each Minifig was; map, waypoints, and ""quests"" per-se. We'll get to the last one in a moment. After my purchase, it had all these features. So while I'm disappointed I wasn't able to get in earlier, I'm NOT disappointed with the game and glad I got in now or wouldn't know what some of the less obvious stuff is.My only criticism is how you gain new minifigs and pets, the former is to use on your avatar, in the form said ""quests"". Minifigs and pets are spread out throughout their respective binomes and ask for specific things in a form of a thought bubble. This may not be obvious to you if you watch the day one Let's Plays where you can get on them without having to hunt for objects or just to new to the mechanic in general. Once you have what they needed, they will be available  to purchase using the in-game currency. HOWEVER, this is easier said then done.After you see what it is they need, you etheir check your inventory and hope you're lucky or go and explore, opening thousands of large chests miles/meters away from where you first found them to find said item. Once you got the item you hope to return to the binome you found them or hope to find a new one with same minifigs and their pets.This method of gaining minifigs and pets is a mixed bag of chips. On one hand, it encourges you explore and gain new items along the way. On other hand, it can get repetitive and or frustrating when you all want is that cute little wolf pup. D:In a nutshell, ths is basically Lego Creator on an grand and epic scale, encourging you to explore and rewarding you in items, minifigs, and pets to make your world more rich. I'm just kinda suprised a or any ""AAA"" publisher would go the early access route.Is it bad or is it good? As of now, they're doing good. So, it's good. Keep it up Lego. I look forward to the future now, 1.0, and beyond. It's simply playable and fun with it's typical rough edges."
76561198043442807,Recommended,332310,30408570,Posted: 9 March,all,Tickleschitz,"I can see why the unlocking blocks can be annoying for some people (early access had everything unlocked at the start so people could build whatever they wanted right away) but 1.0 actually adds stuff to do in the game besides build and get character parts. Really, all this needs is a Minecraft styled creative mode as an alternate option to the ""story"" mode and it'll fix what most people are upset about.Otherwise, if you enjoy Lego games and building what you want literally brick by brick without having to spend hundreds of dollars on real life bricks this is a pretty cool game."
76561198052782388,Recommended,332310,16151552,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,MechaWasp,"Lego Worlds is simply amazing. As it is right now, it has a lot more stuff then Minecraft, Cars, Aircraft boats, you can ride every animal you find, horses, dragons, dogs, goats, and so much more! It's not a Mincraft clone though, it feels and plays different, just looks very similer.  There's also some good weapons to find, swords, caveman clubs, bazookas, blunderbuss, and other things like that. Once you unlock the Warlock, you'll be blowing stuff up with fire like a pyromaniac. I still can't decide what's better, shooting fireballs with the Warlock, or blowing stuff up with the bazooka. Also, I hope your hungry, because candyland awaits! Just watch out for the Skeletons, their battlecry is kind of funny. On one last note you can import Lego digital designer models into the game, but not all bricks work yet. I imported a sports car model, but the wheels never showed up, and the exuast pipes where replaced with basic bricks in game. anyway, Lego Worlds is fun."
,Recommended,332310,26475183,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,SumDumFen,"A dream game for anyone who grew up playing with Legos. Ever since I was a small child, I've always wanted to walk through my Legos creations and this game makes that a reality. This game has my recommendation, but it's a 4/5 recommendation. It will earn a 5/5 as soon as you can build your own vehicles."
,Not Recommended,332310,30390603,Posted: 8 March,all,BigJigglyNutSack2,"Okay, 2.4Hours currently, all that time was spend playing Co-op with my Best buddy. After 30mins i got bored because there was nothing to do, the only thing i could build are Static objects and not my own lego cars or planes, etc. This game is a little over-hyped in my opinion, it's a good idea but panned out horrible. Unless you find entertainment in re-discovering the same things again and again, then by all means, get this game, if you don't, stay away untill this game has more to offer as it just came out of Beta. I expect good things to come in the future but as of now, their's not much in the game to fuel my hunger for entertainment. I'll give V1 a shot, though i doubt the ""Build your own Trap temple and mechanical objects"" was implemented. This game needs a mechanical side of things, Minecraft has Redstone, Space Engineers has engineering, etc, this game would be perfect for that sort of thing.Awhile this is a game to keep your eye on, don't buy it untill it has more to offer. I'm not hating just sharing my honest opinion. I recommend ""Space Engineers"" if you're into Mechanical engineering and exploration combined. Once again, i'm not hating just saying how it is.EDIT: So, i gave V1 a shot...Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥it's like a different game, still a little boring as all you're doing is running around and doing pointless quests that build upto nothing but a ""New item"" that get's old fast. This game seriously needs a mechanical side, who doesn't wanna build a AC130 and fly it into your mates base, or make a cannon and have a battle with NCPs'?? I hope in the future it becomes a thing, untill then, i still give it a thumbs down but good effort on making the game a little less boring because now their's somewhat of a quest system, still boring and only a little bit more fun."
,Recommended,332310,16125704,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,ShinTheKnight,"I ran around the world as a Vampire Pirate. Armed with a Bazooka, and mounted on a Dragon, nothing could stop me from blowing up everything in sight.Later, I got a normal outfit, built a nice castle, and...  eventually blew it up.10/10 Sandbox at it's finest, from the toys that gave us creativity since 1949."
76561198000258719,Recommended,332310,16123315,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Brian Scalabrine,This is the video game I have wanted since I was 5 years old.I'm 22 now.10/10 would wait 17 years again.
76561198048915926,Recommended,332310,16129833,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,antraxx_argadi,"This idea has a LOT of potential, and for an early access game it's polished enough to have fun with. However, most of the fun comes from terra-forming (some of the best tools to do so since Magic Carpet), as trying to build your own structures is going to be a lesson in tedious camera correcting and axis monitoring. Once these things are practiced though it starts to become second nature, and most of the problems with the game (damn camera) can be easily fixed in time.Something I am nervous of is if there will be microtransactions. Right now all unlocks are bought with in game coins (found buy interacting and destroying things just like in the other Lego games) but the menus hint at a purchase setup for complete build sets especially. Though a really nice one is included already, I can easily see Lego charging arm and leg for more (after all this game has real potential to cut into sales of their physical sets).It's pretty amazing that the entire world, sans sky and water, is completely made up of Lego bricks. It is mighty impressive that destruction or addition of pieces is easily handled by the game's engine, but the framerate can often stutter as distant terrain and objects load in. It's not enough to ruin the experience but it's always noticeable.Here are some cool tips for a newbie:- Use the bulldozer vehicle to clear large swaths of land for flat building. Keep in mind that vehicle controls are view-relative, so always keep the camera behind the player when steering. You can also use the delete function but that doesn't work too well for removing generated terrain. Bulldozer is also good for setting up terrain for roads for the car.- Use a certain flying creature's attack to create natural looking caverns and valleys.- Infinite cash flow can be had by interacting with the light post object in the house set, over and over again.- Don't touch the orange glowy stuff. However feel free to place the glowy stuff by painting with the bright orange texture (only found in main paint menu, not block painting).- When trying to build up in a vertical line, restrict to Z and X axis / When building lines horizontally, just use the view-relative axis control. Hold Shift before placing down a block and then drag to create a line.- When matching heights of several blocks using the line feature, listen for the ""click"" sound that accompanies a correctly placed piece.- Utilize switching between Overlap and Non-overlap modes. It can really save you a headache when editing small mistakes or gaps in the structure as you probably won't have to find the exact piece that will fit.- Avoid using copy/paste because it's kinda screwey how it currently selects things and its camera is even scewier. The camera is not coded the same way as the other building modes.- Bears are easier to control than horses, and faster at climbing hills too.- If you get stuck, scroll to Options in the main menu and activate sky-dive"
,Recommended,332310,16202531,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Trymops,This game never fails to waken my discovery spirit. There's so much to explore and everytime you find a scenario (like asian or pirate lego) it's like you were put right into the worlds you built when you were a kid.  So amazing. I'm 2 hours into the game now and it still feels like I haven't discovered everything. And I didn't even start building my own creations. Absolutely recommended for all Lego fans ... so actually for everyone.
,Recommended,332310,30475022,Posted: 12 March,all,[Princess] Moon Moon,"Before I even start this review, we have to talk about the controvery inside Lego Worlds community and why it is not exactly on point, when other reviewers talk about it.And for those, who want only review, jump to point 3.1. From babysteps to marathon running.It was year 19... ups wrong article.It was year how the hell I am suppose to remember, when Lego World Early Access went live on Steam. When I heard about that day I checked the game.Generated world made by lego bricks like in Lego Movie and you can do whatever you want in this world? And for only few euros. Lego was my most favorite toy with endless posibilities and seeing this game I decided to pay and help this project.The premise back then was simple.Open world, fully generated with few biomes. Buggy, but nice.Few basic bricks to build with.Character customization and equipable items from treasure chests.Full freedom basicaly and it was on you to decide what to do.Wanted a new character? You just needed to bump into that character in the world, wanted to replicate objects or vehicles? You just needed to bump into them in the world. (And pay for ""place"" option with ingame coins from destroying things)The game stayed like this until release, only adding more characters, objects and vehicles.And I did not find it funny at that moment, the game was kinda empty and without proper bricks, building was basic.So I did not play, only came by from time to time.And now we get to the point where controversy will change into review.2. Controversy after releaseBetween the early acces and release, not much has happend. But after the day they announced ""Game will be release in a month"" videos from youtube review showed a different game or so to speak.Instead of free world, video showed a ""story line"" where you had ot unlock all first and you had limited worlds.This became reality the day it was released.This became the reason why people all of sudden wanted refunds and put negative reviews.But, was it true? Or was community overeacting?3. Same game or not? The true review.In released version, you start as a astronaut with his ship, that crashes to meteorite and after you customize your character, you will fall into first small world ""Pirate World"".This world works as first tutorial.There you will find out, that you need to collect ""Gold bricks"" to repair your ship to continue to other worlds. And after the few start tutorial worlds, you can get to ""small"" ""medium"" ""large"" worlds that are generated but limited by size. And by medium I mean large and by large I mean HUGE.You also find out, you have aprox only 6 bricks to build with and you can collect aditional brick from small green fellas randomly spawning around you. If you catch them, they will give you the random brick they hold.The negative with these green fellas is, that the brick is random and can be pretty useless even tho you need some really basic one. But, this is not a problem as you will find out now,These two things, the limited worlds and brick collecting, summoned tornado within community.But there is no reason for that.You dont need to collect the brick this long way, If you need to take shorcut, you can use code in menu ""BR1CK5"" and all brick will be unlocked, leaving the green fellas to spawn with random items instead.Limited worlds? After you achieve medium worlds, these world itself are big enaugh.But you want to build something in large world and not in this stupid small one?Then do it, you have option to use copy tool, to make copy your creation and use it on other worlds.Simple.Collecting characters became a welcoem challenge as you no longer ""bump and get"" but you first need to do quest for them and then you can unlock them with your ""main"" tool.Almost same way goes for objects and vehicles, all you need to do is to ""discover"" them with your main tool.Then as in early acces, pay for them with ingame coins to place them or use them.This style, gives a purpose to collect and explore. Where in early access, there was not much to do, besides building.Now there is a fuel that drives you forward, becouse the more golden bricks you get, the bigger world you can transport yourself into. And with bigger worlds, more biomes. From basic ""grass"" ""desert"" ""candy"" lands, you will get more and more biomes like ""crystal"" ""jurassic"" ""swamps"" ""scarry forrest"" fairy forrest"" ""towns"" and more.Each biomes comes with unique objects, characters, vehicles and colors (and textures like wood or ice, changing behavior or sound of bricks).The amount of objects is also really great for a 30 euro game, I have made over 700 ""discoveries"" (objects, items etc.) and I wouldnt expect to stop at 1000.All these changed aspects of the game are well made and helped this game become more interesting, becouse you finally feel, exploring is worth it, becouse you get more things, than ever before in early access.The biggest problem of the game is the HUD and controls, at this point, its a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥ On Pc version one button can have more usage. Keys purpose changes with what exactly you holding. One time ""C"" can be used to hide tool, if in tool menu ""C"" changes into ""Buy/Equip"". Button ""Q"" is used to choose your main tool, but also to jump on vehicles, leaving you in situation, where you wanna grab main tool but you end up on a horse that was nearby, not to mention, if there second horse ""Q"" used for dismount will be used to mount the other horse.This chaotic controls will leave you hitting Esc button only to find out, this will get you to the main menu, but not out of the tool menu.The combat system needs a touch too. You cant really tell where character will attack. You have a pistol in your hand and wanna shoot zombie running to you? Shame, becouse character will first target two flowers infront of you. You als oneed to face the object you wanna attack, if you are not facing it even tho your camera does, character will shoot ... somewhere. Are you holding torch and wanna grab weapon? You have to first open your inventory and find it inside. Which leaves you standing and being attacked by enemy.And if you combine these controls and combat. You get items swap on your arrows on your keyboard. And ofcourse you have to click arrow multiple times to get yoru desired item and this whole time, you have to stand still.4. So lets take a look at recapPros- Not difficult to get further.- Nice graphics, every brick has its own ""texture"" as in real life.- Massive amount of objects.- A lot of exploring. Variety in biomes, creatures, characters.- Free will, you can do whatever you want in the world.- Questing and discovering objects gives game a purpose.- Polished building with bricks- You can copy your creations.- Creatures change during day/night- World now has towns and dungeons.- Easy quests make this game more fun.- Co-op for 4 people over internet or co-op with splitscreen.Cons- Terrible controls in HUD.- Terrible controls during combat.- Combat has issues.- Treasures mostly spawning undeground without access, making you dig holes.- No option to create vehicles.- Sometimes the world generator makes weird places.- Some tools (Recoloring, adjusting groud etc.) are visualy chaotic.- Quests tend to repeat after time.- AI is dumb.- Game still crashes from time to time or acts weird.How much in numbers?7/10 (Because of no vehicle creator for me)Would you recommend?For those who like Lego or like to build or have children absolutely. The freedom here is endless and you can play it with others."
76561198036216572,Recommended,332310,24190062,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Revan,"I would reccomend this game to the 5-12 Age group. This game in theory has a ton going for it. This will be updated as larger patches release, with both adult (25M) and child (8M) inputs. ---V6.2---Pros:-Open World Legos!!-The terrain tools let you do macro land management to contstruct/demolish huge peices of land all in one click. Prefabricated homes are cool and look good, although most are simply unusable (for external viewing only). I was concerned that the lack of a ""creative"" or ""sandbox"" mode would turn a young player away, but the entire game is a creative experence. All you have to do it find the block you wish to utilize, then buy them in the menu (it's laugably cheap to make it easy for all). The interface isnt super friendly, but its clear cut and key map is always on the side bar. You can also build shperical shapes!-There is SO MUCH VARIETY! Biomes range from Oceans & Deserts to Mushroom Forests and Sunk Ships in big underwater canyons. Its impressive. To build with said variety you must discover the block. ""Live"" blocks  require specific items to unlock; for example a horse needs a green apple, which is different from the dark green apple for the donkey.-Each ""living"" animal and person have thier own stlyes about them. Walking, attacking, emotes, etc are pretty various and (unconfirmed:) unique to the ""living"" block.-I was concered about the ability to get around large structures when building on high points. While there is no general use flying abilities, all of the surfaces are scalable. The ceilings are moved about like monkey bars, and the walls are climable.-Grahpically the game is pretty, although there is a lackluster haze overshadowing the game, and may be resovled partially by checking your gamma settings.-The intro/world selection map is neat. Spawning into the map is a treat too. The in-game overview map (double click the mini-map??) is a stellar and beautiful idea, and the waypoint system is marvelous.-$15 in Alpha (judging by a $1 and hour play rate, this is a steal)Cons:-NO KEYMAPPING. No hot key to push in and out of build menu. You must click click click-Control of the character can be confusing and strange. The game is attempting to help you by always moving forward. The problem is forward my not be where your camera is pointing, where you want to go, or where it appears your Lego dude is pointing. It is also incredibly hard to turn a vehicle around 180, or get it do drive in reverse.-Combat is awful. No targeting outside of a few weapons, and even then the targeting is not in a user-friendly interface. Melee is the best bet. Shooting is........shooting. You shoot every plant, tree, and destructible item around before shooting the enemy unless in targeting mode (hold F) and even then you just spam the F key. There is no way to exit target mode I could find. You have to jump or put the gun/bow/etc away.-Snapping individual bricks together to create something unique is still a nightmare and wouldn't recommend it.-Building underground is a no-go currently. Each time your character flys up to do its static hover and build thing, you are placed at surface level.-The ""Discovery"" animation needs to be scraped! Please revert back to the older (ie Lego Star Wars) discovery models of bringing the icon of the item to center screen and having it track to the top of the screen. You will discover so many new items, and things, and bricks that (when starting) every minute or so the camera wants to pan all the angles of the new item. It's draining on the expirence and gets real old real fast.-Mini-Map in the top right is reutementray at best. Fog of War zones and your radius of discovery is enterily too small for a game like this. Its ""RPG grind to rid the map of fog radius"" mode, instead of big free running map discovery mode.-Water and vehicles have so many bugs. The digging vehicles are by far the coolest, and hardest to drive. There can be a lot of camera  jumping/lurching around the character when new vehicles are placed, and many vehicles are terrible at going uphill to the point that most can't make (what should be) a simple climb.-AI Spawn and world generation is everywhere. Maps seem to consist of mostly water and water biomes. The biomes are neat, and a scubadiver is almost manditory currently. Its almost as if the sea level is set too high, or your tiny island hopping.Opinions:-If your looking for a Minecraft replacement, this game needs more time in the oven. Lego Worlds is worth a buy (@ $15) to download and sit on until the developer gets Lego Worlds into a more refined state. Realistically, prefab/macro builds are the only option currently. We are excitied to see how the devs flesh out this game!-Not enjoyably adult playable for long periods of time-Absoultley kid playable"
,Not Recommended,332310,32690562,Posted: 23 June,all,Sandwich Maker 2000,"Missed potential. They were on the right track until they released the game, then they dumbed te whole thing down and gave us this waste of space of a game. I won't be buying early access anymore.They made the worlds smaller, as opposed to a procedurally generated beautiful world, that is endless (what they had before), each world is now  a prebuilt level with a theme and you need to complete quests to actually get off them and explore as opposed to letting you explore from the start. I don't wanna run around painting 10 houses, just to get a part for my ship so that I can go and fly to another land to paint 3 more houses to get another part. Just no. Before had hidden caves, things to collect according to the biomes, this is just so linear. And I wasn't promised linear."
,Not Recommended,332310,33552591,Posted: 14 July,all,Xordaii,"Would have preferred it stayed the old way during beta... with open worlds.  It is fun for a while, mostly because I am a bit of a completionist on collections.  My son played during beta and asked me to play with him, so I bought this thinking it was like what we saw before... it isn't but I could live with that with better controls and connectivity.Pros:**Can have a lot of funny moments.**Nostalgia.**I love unlocking everything.**Dragons to fly!**Despite what others say, there are NO broken quests that I could find. There ARE things you have to unlock to enable certain quests, and the quest markers will show them even when you can't do the quest yet.  Some are kind of fun... like the dragon wizard summoning a dragon with dance mats.**A lot of the scenery can be dropped as a blueprint in some quests/chests. I love the cherry blossom/Japanese world.Cons:**Others have talked about the bugs.**Camera grabs control at odd times and angles, with no option to disable it.  During some quests, I cannot see which part isn't built correctly, because the camera only gives me one angle... despite the NPC saying, ""Here, let me show you.""  Camera also bugs out inconsistently on chests, mostly on gold bricks, but not always.**Can I please turn off the sharding cutscenes?  After the first time you see your character reach a gold brick milestone, you have seen it. After that, it happens A LOT, enough that you dread it happening, because while it does, you cannot pick up all those nice studs you got as a reward. It gets so I was dreading reaching milestones.  Probably not the best way to keep fans.**Unlocking things get to be unreasonably tedious, and unintuitive. The wiki is neither up to date nor complete, so good luck finding out how to unlock the tough things (hint: Youtube is your friend, and there are dragons.)  Most other games I have seen have either community volunteers or employees posting to the official website, or at least providing information.  This wiki actually has about 19 in 20 entries blank, or not created yet.  The company doesn't seem involved at all with the game or wiki.**Controls are locked to the mouse.  UGH! and double UGH!  If you have carpal tunnel, this is agonizing... and playing it long enough can be painful.  Just about all the controls are tied to mouse clicks through a menu, with no keyboard shortcuts or quickslots to save your hands and wrists or TIME.**Combat is fun... but tedious when you are working and have to kill something. CLICK to open menu>SCROLL scroll SCROLL to find the weapon>Click to equip>CLICK a lot to fight, then repeat to find the tool your were using again.**This is doubly annoying in dark caves at night, as the game 1)has to quick slots so you can quickly change from ranged (bow) to melee weapon or other frequently used tools  2) has no way to remember your layouts/or last used tool/weopon 3) doesn't re-equip your last used tool when combat is over and vice versa, and 4) you cannot have any weapon out while you have your lantern/flashlight (deep in a cave, monster attacks, there go the lights as soon as you find your weapon.... ugh.**Game can be fun... but gets very tedious, especially without customizable controls. I bought it on sale because my youngest already had it and wanted someone to play with. We have yet to be able to stay connnected."
,Recommended,332310,16119003,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Turtleboats,"Quick impressions:- Game is well worth the 15 bucks!- Game looks gorgeous! GTX 970 user and there were frame rate issues for me but I changed the default setting of using Direct x 11 to direct x 9 and its been smooth sailing ever since!- Found a polar bear, mounted him and rode him to the desert and visited volcanoes. Tried swimming in the lava...well we bearly got out alive.- Exploration is encouraged as you can find new sets, new characters, and new designs.  Some areas have secret treasure chests where you can find currency used to help constuct building diagrams in your journey. You can also find usable items like pistols, bow and arrows, bannanas, to use along your journey. You may never know when that banana might come in handy, allowing you to try and interact with the games world to find its purpose in the games mechanics. A sense of wonder.- Spent an hour creating my own custom block by block home and was immensly fun, it simulates the freedom of creativity as if it was using real lego blocks. Perusing the world for window blueprints/ and door plans is what I set out to do next as I want to finish my home before midnight when zombies come out.- Can customize your character. From the types of hats you wear to what your hands and hips even look like. There is also a cape slot....Does that mean we can glide or fly in air if we find a blueprint in the world?- Pre formed buildings and layouts already made.  Full homes and models like trees made to fully customize your own lego world.-Interactable objects like basketball hoops or swimming pools where you can shoot and swim.- You can ride horses, camels, sheep, and other animals...-Found some bandits and yetis, beat them to a pulp. Yetis are shockingly cute.- One of my favorite parts was flying in an airplane around different islands and finding all the goodies and sights to see.- Fight awesome lego inspired monsters and baddies like warlocks, skeletons and zombies.- Exploring is half the game to me, the other half is creating awesome structures and my own dream lego world! I have tons of ideas flowing through my head atm and I can't wait to create them!Some Gameplay video I recorded on Max Settingshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4whXi9HiMwo"
76561198218884143,Recommended,332310,18921874,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Andybrick95,"When I first heard about LEGO Worlds, I was a bit skeptical.Sure, it looked cool, but could it be as good as LEGO Universe was, or Minecraft is?  While it's not quite there yet, it is easy to see that LEGO Worlds has great potential.  It's a seemingly infinite sandbox for you to explore (I say seemingly because I don't know if there is a limit or not), and plenty of items to find.  Overall, it's a great game.The main problems that I believe are holding it back from being just as good as Minecraft or LEGO Universe are basically just the complexity of builds, the lack of exciting gameplay, and the few glitches it contains.  The blocks you can place, unlike Minecraft's blocks, are definite shapes, which is both good and bad.  Minecraft is a bit more simple in this regard, but, as stated before, this is not much of a problem, especially if you're willing to take the time to place each little detail on your creation.  Also, the sandbox world seems to be lacking the ability to grasp the player's attention in the way Minecraft does.  If you have ever played Minecraft for at least 5 minutes, you will already understand how the game seems to grasp your attention, and won't easilly let go.  LEGO Worlds is currently lacking that.  However, I have high hopes that the developers will be able to easilly fix this problem.  I believe that a simple way this could happen is by implimenting a ""survival mode"" for it (LEGO Worlds seems to be stuck in ""Creative Mode;"" it's fun, but survival could potentially be more so).Finally, the glitches, while few in number, do add some annoyance to the game.  But first of all, this is obviously perfectly normal for any game still being designed, so there is not much to worry about.  Worst case scenario, you might have to just exit and re-enter your world.  Again, perfectly normal for a game still being developed, so don't let this be a hinderance to you for buying this game.  The developers are constantly updating LEGO Worlds, and adding more and more fun and facinating options into the game with each update.LEGO Worlds is amazing, and I absolutely love it.  While still quite a ways away from becoming the next Minecraft, or a LEGO Universe replacement, it has so much potential.  And, especially considering the great quality and dedication poured into its creation, the price of $14.99 is amazing!  I definitely recommend this game to anyone and everyone!(Except my dog- he's not allowed to use the computer  :P)"
76561198103656126,Recommended,332310,19046672,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,6FinalFlame6,"It's fun and all to go around and explore the colorful lego world , but I'm really hoping for multiplayer which would really improve the experience."
,Recommended,332310,16179125,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Sokayvich,"This game has a future as long as the devs promise to keep to their promises. But for now, this game is a decent creative sandbox with not enough to buy it now. Although, one or two more updates with make this rival minecraft without a doubt."
,Recommended,332310,33207534,Posted: 3 July,all,[BG] EndyBendy,"overall Great game, Just NEEDS a workshop so we can get cool creations that would make the game 10 times more enjoyable!"
,Recommended,332310,16126359,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,WheatGerm,"Fills the gap that LEGO Universe left in me long, long ago. 10/10"
,Recommended,332310,16179305,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,💀Cuphead💀,it is awesome AND IT NEEDS DINOSAURS PLEASE! AND IT ALSO NEEDS MULTIPLAYER
,Recommended,332310,16179402,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Shodspartan100,"*SEE BELOW FOR REVIEWS OF PREVIOUS VERSIONS*->UPDATE 1After playing the first update, which I have been waiting for eagerly, I was left with mixed feelings. Old bugs were fixed but replaced with new ones. Useless tools were not given a use and more useless tools such as a single stud, yes, one singular stud were passed off as tools. Tools should reward the player for finding them, not leave them disappointed. However, the strongers additions of this update were cave systems, new characters/animals/monsters and new vehicles. The cave systems do not have much use and nothing in them unfortunately, but it is definitely a good start to something that could become so much more. They are sometimes found interuptting lava which is a very awkward sight and a pain to see for those who like to see well flowing terrain. On the topic of terrain, there are many more awkward gaps in places they shouldn't be, and the transitions between biomes has really become a nuisance aswell. As for NPC's and vehicles, I was very impressed. The additions in this update were exactly what i expected to have in an update with new creatures such as minotaurs and mountable elephants. However, aside from exploring and discovering everything there is to discover, the game remains bland.Pros:- Interesting rideable animals like dragons and elephants- Large Diversity of Biomes- Fun vehicles such as planes and drills- Cool characters such as Vampires, Cowboys, Pirates, etcCons:- Planes fly like Helicopters instead of like planes- Useless tools like fruit, studs, and hammers- Lacks focus, is bland- Lego building can be clunky and frustrating- Frequent terrain generation issues- Collision issuesVerdict: 8/10->ORIGINALPeople keep saying this is the Minecraft killer. I disagree. Minecraft will continue to thrive, but this game will too. It has a large amount of potential to be something great if it takes the right direction, and not trying to be better than or copy minecraft. The game is currently in Early Access obviously, so the game doesn't have that much to do yet. You can build with lego, explore an infinite world, discover new vehicles, characters, and weapons, and that's pretty much it right now. However, the game is a must buy. The investment now will  be worth it in the future when the game's price rises. The game will only grow in content. The game plays very nicely and smoothly, but from time to time you may encounter terrain that doesn't merge together, but it barely affects your gameplay experience. The discovery of new things is fun and will currently entertain you until you finish discovering the majority of what there is after about 4-5 hours.Pros:- Interesting rideable animals such as Dragons, giant eagles, ostriches, etc- Huge diversity of Biomes- Useful tools such as Bazookas and rifles- Fun vehicles such as planes, drills and skateboards- Cool characters such as Vampires, Cowboys, Pirates, etc- High potentialCons:- Planes fly like Helicopters- Useless tools like apples and bananas- Currently lacks a primary focus- Lego building can be clunky and frustrating- Occasional terrain generation issuesVerdict:9/10Has a bit of cons, but are minor and excusable since the game is in early access and at the time of this review, is only two days old. Game shows great potential and for its young age, is a lot of fun for a lot longer than one would expect."
76561198016359317,Recommended,332310,19426642,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Mister,"-- Full Release Review (Review 2: The review-ening) --As I said in the past (below), I would update this review. And you're reading it. Right. Now. #trueStoryI have still been unable to find my original world from the pre-release. This doesn't matter too much to me, as my son ... well, he found the dragon and did what you would expect a young male hooman would do in charge of a fireball hurling animal.1x decimation later....Anyway, the NEW sandbox version of the game has the ability to play without saving. Essentially locking the world so you and your children can blow the living snot out of the place without a care in the world. :)Nexo Knights have been added to the kit as well. Which is awesome. Now you can build the castle, drive their bikes (etc) and interact with the knights themselves. (No drivable castles in sight though.)There's now Space DLC too - which I am yet to try, as it's pay for DLC. (This has disapointed some people though, as it doesn't change gravity, and doesn't addthatmuch too the game.)So still a solid thumbs up from me and my kids. Dev's are active and release fixes and updates frequently enough. So it's good. :)~ July 2017-- edit --I've seen another review saying ""My kids didn't get into this"". I would like to say that my kids bug me, daily, to get on to play it. They, in fact, plan in their heads what they're going to do in advance. And then tell us all. :) #TheyLikeIt~ September 2017-- Full Release Review (Review 1)--I saw that this game had made it into final release. I was quite excited. So I fired it up last night, and had a look.At first, I can say that I was surprised how much ""the game"" has changed. That said, all I have see amounts to the ""intro"", menus and the first two levels (worlds). That amounts to the ""how to play levels"".You'll see other reviews that say ""OMGWTFBBQ Zee Game, she has changed so merch!"". I don't know how much they've played through with the new tools / learning worlds, but it essentially now has a single player story line.I will point out now though, that the world I had been using, I can't get to at the moment. I assume this is because I haven't progressed enough through the ""learning single player mode"". (Update: it's three, apprently - see link below)You can now 'learn' new objects/things, without beating the snot out of them. The quests have descriptions/what to do, and rewards. Which I find Much better than the early access version.There are new animals (like dinosaurs), and you get a spaceship. (""SPACESHIP!"" ~ Benny)I'll update this as I progress through, but I'm thinking two things:1) I quite like this new lease on play-life. I think that single player sandbox has only got a limited life.2) They don't bar you from the worlds you've crafted forever - just get through three ""learning levels"" first.So I think this is hopeful :) And I wager that new players would find this a much nicer learning curve than the previous early access version.Oh, PS - when you start for the first time, even if you've played before, there'll be some lag as it creates / converts ""things"". I'm talking, get up go get a drink sort of time. Doesn't happen on subsequent plays thoughSome info from here:http://steamcommunity.com/app/332310/discussions/0/133259227513592125/~ December 2015-- Previous Early Access Review --Love Lego? Got young kids? Like exploring? Care to build things? Care to cheat at building things (auto building pre made patterns)?If you answered yes to any of these, then you should give this game a go.Oh, and if you answered yes to young kids, unlock the Ostridge ASAP. It's hillarious when you ride it! :DFeaturing things like ridable camels, horses, ostridges, plus various cars & motorbikes etc.Apparently, also landsharks and cloud octopus'. Who knew?"
76561198127104039,Recommended,332310,16752360,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,GetInTheTub,"I like how open world it is, and how much you can do and see.But lets face it, the controls are wank and if there was a first person option, it would make my eyes hurt less..."
76561198141790389,Recommended,332310,17785227,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,why the fuck my pp hard,This game needs multiplayer then it will be complete...
76561198045774472,Recommended,332310,17630694,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,MaRkV,"Early review of early accessI am liking Lego Worlds quite a bit. There are a couple of niggles, for example you have to chase down the studs when you destroy something and they vanish quite quickly. When you are riding around on something, like a crocodile, you have to quickly try to turn around and travel over them. This is OK but a pain. I miss quite a lot and the ""cost"" of unlocking new props and characters is taken from this pool of studs.Another issue I have is combat. Skeletons just keep on coming and I am struggling with the controls to keep on top of the swarming bones... I am using keyboard / mouse and this might not be an issue for people using a controller however.The islands seem pretty small to me, perhaps I just haven't found a world size selector yet so this might not be an actual problem with the game but with me not looking round well enough. The worlds that are offered seem to be made up of a lot of water and not a lot of land. This should be OK when update 2 comes out as you can build underwater apparently. This will be a good addition i think.You can do all the terrain stuff you expect, lower, raise, smooth etc and you can change the colours of everything. One warning, if you change the colour to the red and yellow quarters in the colour pallette, you are not changing the colour but LAYING DOWN LAVA!!! Found this out the hard way :-(The sounds are OK, each brick when put down makes an approriate noise. I am old enough to have had a box of Lego bricks that were just that, bricks that you could build what you wanted without having these Lego sets that build something like the Death Star or a JCB digger. You have all the little bricks that you could ever want, make them any colour you want and design what you want. and the best of all? You get to do this WITHOUT THE RISK OF TREADING ON A BRICK BARE FOOT IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT!!!!!  Lego without the pain!!! What more can someone ask for?:-)There is a lot of potential and as I unlock things and the game evolves I will add to this review so if you are thinking about buying the game but not just yet, check back and see what I think as time goes on.Edit after update 2=============There are some really nice additions now and the way to discover some of the characters has changed, for the better I must say. You will often need to hand them something, maybe a fish, telescope or banana. Won't tell you who wants what... These things are to be found in the big chests, found at the top of important landscape bits. Or sometimes not.... Again, don't want to give anything away.I am now happier with the building mechanism, I am not sure if this has changed or I have just got the hang of it a bit more. There are issues with building underwater, yes, you can now build underwater. I suggest waiting till you have a skeleton or scuba diver. One doesn't breathe and one brings his, (or probably hers, haven't found female scuba diver yet), own supply.These problems are being looked at and fixes found.So, do I still reccommend it? Yes I do and I have high hopes for the future.=========================================================edit now it is out of early access=========================================================To me the game has fulfilled its promise and is well worth getting. There is now a reason to move around with tasks you have to fulfil to progress through the game and there is now a new way of getting stuff and painting and all round a very good game!So I still say buy the game if you like Lego games or if you are into building stuff."
76561198154952529,Recommended,332310,16519009,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,DAA_REAL_ALEX,lego worlds is a fun game that includes creativity and the liking for adventure. However apart from the building there could be more things to do like adding enemies bosses and dungeons for those who want to make the game on par with minecraft.
,Recommended,332310,17716965,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,PandasHateKale,"This is a very fun game, and I can see it going places. While there isn't much content now, each update has give enough to make me play again. The easy building mechanics are fun and simple. You can lay down a town in a couple of minutes. The animations and character choices continue to improve. With the new underwater update, the exploration and discovery aspect of the game is starting to improve. Also, the new minimap is a really big help. This will be a great game when it comes out of early access!"
,Recommended,332310,22056160,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Mjdog96,Fun game with an interesting idea. Would really benefit from Steam Workshop.
,Recommended,332310,16194987,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,5.5 FPS,"Pros:-Beautiful scenery-Very well generated landscapes-Ability to ride dragons and huskies-Ability to summon creatures/vehicles at any time-Can scale any slope easily (Mountains are practically no obstacle, here)-Able to maintain a great framerate, even on crap PCs such as mine.-LEGOS!Cons:-No keyboard/mouse options. That♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off as soon as I entered the game (Biggest complaint. I'd like to be able to change my key-mapping).-Feels empty (At this point, the only things you can do are explore and build).-Limited character customization-Awful camera controls (Act like it belongs in an ancient Nintendo64 game).-Bad physics (The plane acts like a VTOL Aircraft, despite being propeller-operated. It can just hover above the ground in one spot if you let it).-Vehicle camera controls (It's like the game wants me to stare at the tail of the plane, instead of what's infront of the plane).-Submarine does not submerge-Odd spawns for creatures/vehicles (I found a submarine stuck in a tree, nowhere near water).-A whole lot of Giant Drill glitches (Don't drive it into the ocean, you'll be sent flying).-Tricky and confusing in-game menu (Was it really necessary to have the rotating buttons hunched in the top left corner? I'd prefer to have one button that reveals all the other ones, like an actual pause menu).-Again, construction-mode camera controls (Seriously, get out of the old-school camera tendency, devs).Conclusion:Not worth playing at this point. Has great potential, but even greater flaws. Best to wait for a while before trying out."
76561197996713024,Recommended,332310,20431514,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,dfwood,"After spending hours with the kids finding and building, there's always something new to find and build.Kid love it, Adults love it!"
,Recommended,332310,24778772,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,The Real Pablo Escobar,"This game is one of the best games i've ever played! it has everything you could ask for in a lego game: free roam, free building and having a lot of vehicles, props and charecters. I REALLY recommend this game for people who like building and lego."
76561198034149024,Recommended,332310,29389615,Posted: 20 January,all,Jayson Manikz,"After hearing some of the negative reviews recently, it kind of put me off buying the game but when i seen its coming out of  early access fairly soon i decided to give it a try and i am very glad i did!i used to love lego when i was a kid and this is perfect and something i have been waiting for quite a while!the building is great fun and exploring the worlds are FANTASTIC!yes the games still needs to be worked on but its an awesome purchaseif you love lego and love to build i would highly recommend this game!!GET IT <3"
76561198201476271,Recommended,332310,20623311,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,taurusalmighty,"Seeing that so many people like to compare this game to Minecraft, I asked my 6 year old, who has both, which he prefers, and Lego worlds wins hands down. (He really would like to adjust the position of character's hats as he can in real Lego though)"
76561198071224693,Not Recommended,332310,32885989,Posted: 27 June,all,Mega Zoombie,"When this game was in beta it was a really interesting exploration game that had only a few kinks, but when it came out of beta, multiplayer is the only good change that was made.  In the current version, they made it so that you can't change your controls,  it's more level based than exploration based, and the worlds are extremely small which is very inconvenient.  This game used to stand out from most lego games because it was an open world exploration game, but now it is almost a generic lego game.  This game isn't  worth the $15 I spent on it and definitly is not worth $30."
,Recommended,332310,21585350,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,cass,"Interesting game. Currently doesn't have much purpose, It definitely needs multiplayer.EDIT: Multiplayer was added in a beta update. Doesn't work for me."
,Recommended,332310,16118424,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,TheAwesomeOne,"Let me start by saying this game is just a childhood dream!TLDR: If you love Lego or games where you can create your own experiences, this is the game for you!This game is in very Early Access meaning that features will be added or removed but in its current stage you are just purchasing a concept of something that developers want to achieve!You will see the obvious Minecraft comparisons because Minecraft for the longest time has been compared to Lego in the virtual world, but this is something completly different, this game has a sense of adventure from the start, you sky dive in and land wherever the game sets you and thats it you have no tutorial (as far as I can tell) and you are alone to explore.This game has massive potential for fans of Lego and fans of Minecraft. The animation quality is top notch, the game is fluent and responsive, the game runs really well on my PC (Which is a first for an early access game).I havent played much but I know this game will only get better. Only now I wait for the Multiplayer component so I can share this experience with friends!"
,Recommended,332310,16177608,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,get outta here,It has better climbing physics than Skyrim.gold sticker/10
,Recommended,332310,32871381,Posted: 27 June,all,[ORC] lolyoudoge,"A decent game, but lacks a lot of bricks for building complex models."
,Recommended,332310,16379023,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Daddy Cool,"As I'm writing this, I've only played this for a little over an hour.I love this game. Why? Because its everything I want it to be and more, not just because of what you can build.It has:-Simple Controls (if you've played any LEGO game before, you'll feel right at home)-Stress free, easy gameplay-Epic Soundtrack-Character Customization-Just Cause 2 style skydiving-Treasure hunting-Minecraft style adventuring-Really good parkour (you can climb trees and man-made structures with great physical prowess)-Over the top excitement over new discoveries-Hitman Style killing and disguising-Dragons-Ridable animals and cars (there's a large variety of both)-Good building toolsSeeing as this game is only in Early Access, I definately think it's going places. Well worth the $15. In the game's current state, I give it a 10/10."
,Recommended,332310,16248972,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Vizth,Still trying to figure out if I should be ashamed that I'm almost 30 and I love playing this.Also need rock raiders and space parts.
,Not Recommended,332310,29013389,Posted: 4 January,all,DREWthePIG,its fun at the beginnning but then you start running out of things to do and its just becomes boring
,Recommended,332310,23497627,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,TR1F1N1TY,"ProsOpen worldEasy to pick up and playInstead of making 2 modes, they made a sort of Creative-Survival hybridTheoretically, your world could be completely built in real lifeConsControls are a bit hard to masterAnnoying introduction to new characters, animals and vehiclesPay in-game money to collect things you technically have in your inventory alreadyIt's got potential, lots of it. Still worth the £12 though."
76561198016064879,Recommended,332310,18634059,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,voidraven,"Lego Worlds has the core element right: an efficient UI that allow for a decent building speed. I found and understood every tools without external help and this is a very good sign. Thanks to the copy tool, I was able to build as fast if not faster than in real life. The landscape editing tools are excellent as well.It also has the right attitude: vast. To have such a wide variety of biomes this early in the development is a good sign. A key selling point of such a game is the possibility to own an infinite number of bricks and I hope the list of bricks available for building will be exhaustive.The explore-and-adventure side of things is drawing from other Lego games and is rudimentry at this point and yet already very rewarding.multiplayer is comingAnother key selling point is the come-to-life aspect. This has yet to be done. In my opinion: cars, spaceships and automated villagers that populate castles and towns the player builds."
,Recommended,332310,30421600,Posted: 9 March,all,Cookie eater,"Met a very judgemental Easter Island head. Destroyed it with the landscaping tool. Its eyes survived, and kept giving me the judgemental look. Kicked its eyes in to the ocean. 10/10 Would kill an Easter Island Head again."
,Recommended,332310,16133680,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"This is a very early review for my Steam Friends. While my recommendation may or may not change, the content of the review certainly will after many updates pass.My time in-game is dwarfed by my time watching live-streams here on Steam. That is why I believe I can review this.Is this worth fifteen bucks at this point in time. I think so - but you need to realize that it is in averyearly state right now. There are loads of stuff that need to be added to even really make it much of a game.Good stuff so far:+Graphics are beautiful - although code is totally not optimized yet+Crafting proper has been changed in an awesome way. You now have to explore, and any builds you touch, you can now make. This is brilliant.+Controller support already+Itfeelslike LEGO+The terrain is awesome. Even this early there are cool biomes and LEGO clouds.+Character customization is already really cool. Once again you unlock characters by finding them in the world.+Combat is actually pretty cool so far. It plays a bit funner than it looks. The bow and arrow is really well done.+Lots of wild life to rideStuff that needs to be implemented and/or changed:-Desperately need a first-person view, especially for in caves or dungeons-Graphics need to be optimized for lower end systems-Multiplayer desperately needs to be implemented-Map is not infinite - the devs said they walked two hours in one direction and didn't find the end (I have certainly walked much farther in Minecraft)-There is no 'storyline' right now, sobe aware that you are basically playing a 'creative' version and not survival, right now-We all fear that DLC's and pay-to-win structure will rear its ugly head - this has not been discounted by the devs yet-As far as I know, you cannot swim underwaterIs the game worth fifteen bucks right now? Heck yeah. And it will go up in price as time goes on (stated by devs)."
,Recommended,332310,16208539,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Nick v. Oosten,"This game is everything I've ever wanted from LEGO for over 10 years. Even in Early Access, there is already a lot to do, and it will only get better as TT Games will update the game further.Of course, despite that, there is still a lot of work to do before it is a fully functional game, but the foundation is solid enough. I highly recommend it for anyone who loves LEGO, no matter how old you are."
,Recommended,332310,29594242,Posted: 30 January,all,Logan,"Legoworlds is what you would you get if you combine minecraft with lego. In a nut shell theyre two games which let you interact with the world and place and destroy blocks.Outlining some differences:-minecraft has far better controls which are intuitive, consistent and work better. Legoworlds controls are frustrating to us, buggy and seem geared for controller users.-the game world in minecraft is far more massive. Minecraft has no hard limitation on how far you can move your character in the x and y planes. When you reach the edge in minecraft it will generate more map for you. Legoworlds worlds have a fixed size and you can get to the edge of the map fairly easily. However minecraft blocks are all the same size while legoworlds have many different sizes both longer and thicker and many much thinner.-legoworlds can import lego sets made in lego designer so long as the blocks used exist in legoworlds. Legoworlds can place prebuilts in an instant. Minecraft requires mods to do the same.-legoworlds has props you can interact with and controllable vehicles like cars, helicopters, boats, road laying, tunnel boring and terrain levelling vehicles. Minecraft has redstone, wire, switches etc to build intricate machines.-minecraft has a end game. Legoworlds you build stuff and explore.-minecraft has crafting and farming mechanics.-minecraft has monsters which spawn in the dark. Hostile Legoworld npcs only attack if you walk right up to them.If you take out the poor user controls (the developers say they are working on it), the bugs (big patch coming) and lack of content (not all basic lego blocks are present but the developers have said free and paid dlc are on the way) lego worlds is a decent lego building game that rivals lego dimensions.Legoworlds comes out of early access in late feb."
76561198021837454,Recommended,332310,32803805,Posted: 26 June,all,[DFS] DumbBeard,">Start game>Astronaut>Oh hey Pirate captain!>unlock pirate captain head>become space pirate>Game assumes I am also using peg leg>character now runs around with two legs as if he had a peg leg, flails arms>I am now a space pirate with brain damage!------------------Grew up with lego, watched 10 year old nephew (I think ten?) Fell in love with the game,I ended up playing until 4 in the morning because it's so addictive! Digging, building, exploring, riding animals, doing quests, all in randomly generated worlds. I haven't even gotten started and now I'm a skeleton cowboy with a hook for a hand that throws bombs!11/10 would make my inner child's head explode again!"
76561198134328567,Recommended,332310,21116677,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Shadow,I love this game because my childhood is now complete.
,Recommended,332310,16256035,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,G-Man,> Buy Lego Worlds> Play first map> First Map Sucks> Put in Map Code 1-3-3-7> Spawn in huge map with polar bears> Ride Polar BearsWhat more could you want?
,Recommended,332310,16120744,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,[HoZy]DrunkSkunk,-Rode an eagle-Shot guns-looked at the sunset'murica
76561198202216931,Recommended,332310,32665546,Posted: 22 June,all,Brundon22.22,"It's a LEGO sandbox game in which you can do anything. The open world concept is not in one endless world, but through randomly generated planets. You can build anything you can think of (I don't have any creativity though) and go questing (to some degree). However, you will need an above average computer or laptop to run it to get a decent FPS. Multiplayer is limited to playing with Steam friends only (none of my friends play LEGO Worlds so I live the lonely life here)."
,Recommended,332310,16979056,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Pie Duck,"I havent play much of this game yet ( 4.2 hours as of writing this review ) and i'm sure i'll play much , much more! I highly recommend this game because if you like lego ( everyone does ) and you like games ( you must , if you dont why are you on steam? ) this is the perfect game for you!PROS : - Ridable animals- Building-Lego- Exploring- More LegoCONS : - Not enough Lego- Needs Ducks- Not enough cons to make me happy by having a nice , even 3...But anyway , get the game... I mean.. Its Lego for god sake,,"
,Not Recommended,332310,35116329,Posted: 21 September,all,Nexus Cakes,"I would recommend it towards people who play casually and would like it just for a downtime game. Asking me whether this game is something you can play for hours on end or not is subjective.The worlds are beautiful and colorful. It captures you in the moment of a vibrant landscape, consisting of many different biomes in a infinite world that randomly generates. There are a large number of characters and vehicles to choose from.However it is missing something. It is missing a narrative. The basis of the game, is landing on a lego islands and exploring it. That's it.It needs more in order to make it the LEGO Worlds that they want consumers to view it as.1. Add a 'story' (maybe similar to the style in older LEGO games to capture nostalgic gamers).2. Add the ability to create UNIQUE vehicles (this will add a feeling of variety and infinity.)Pick it up if it were to go on sale."
,Recommended,332310,16267915,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,AK-47 Penguin,"I felt obligated to write a review on this.Normally, when I see a LEGO game, I think that it will be another remake of a game no one likes but 10 year olds. Only a few LEGO games have impressed me. When I saw this, I thought that LEGO finally captured what LEGO was about in a game: building! This world is open as can be, and is very impressive for beta. IT IS ALSO KID FRIENDLY AND FUN! There are only a few things I would like added. Here are my recomendations:1) ADD MULTIPLAYER! This would add so much to the game, and with optional singleplayer, this game would be awesome. We also want to see PVP in multiplayer along with co-op exploring and building.2) Survival mode! This would add a lot because LEGO Worlds has no objective now, am I was dragging doing nothing just wondering around finding things. Yes, it is fun, but when I do that, I want something to do! Therefore, Survival mode would give a nonstop exprience of challenge and fun. Also, put this with multiplayer for up to 4 people survival, 8 people creative.3) Quests! I often find myself wondering how to explore next! Now, we should add quests so we can earn rewards, entertain ourselfs, maybe unlock some new gear, and even new places. Quests are an idea that provide limitless oppurtunities.4) Map and compass! We want to see a map and compass, so when we build the most epic house, and go exploring, we don't lose it! We want to have a map to tell where we are going, and even leave markers on places we liek for easy access.5) Endless worlds! We want to see a randomly generated world that never ends once you start that world! This gives us more replayablility and fun!6) Car cuztomizer! We don't want to drive around in the same boring cars! We want cars, with upgrades in performance, traction, and cuztomizing looks and sportiness with a car editor. For example, it could cost 10,000 dollars (in game) to make a custom car and 5,000 for each upgrade done to the car. This would make a lot more diverse community.7) Dedicated servers! We want servers the people run, so we could have a Skyblock (SkyLEGO) server, and cops and criminals. This could be an endless idea.8) Full character customizer! We want to cuztomize our minifig to the max, so he/she is unique in every way.9) A better camera! This camera is all over the place, so pease fix this.10) GUNS!! This would make the multiplayer experience better, and the LEGO Worlds experience better. We also want a good aiming system, perhaps one like GTA V. This would add a lot to the game. (LEGO Worlds could learn a lot from GTA Online)11) Electronics! We want to build advanced machines, so there shoudl be some sort of engineering involved.12) MANY MORE BLOCKS! We want doors, lamps, see through blocks and more. This could add a whole lot.13) Simplified mode. For anyone who does not want all these advanced features like electronics and guns, we could have a simple mode. There could also be a kids mode with no guns, and kids mode servers.This is just touching on the possibilities with LEGO Worlds. Most highly recommended."
,Not Recommended,332310,35260134,Posted: 28 September,all,Charlie Frust,"69 hours of playing:- I was really fascinated at the very first moment (since the Early Acces). Because it's so cool when you can build almost(!) everything with that LEGO bricks just like in real world.- But that's it. It's just about building something and nothing more. Worlds are beautiful and various, but there is no way to interact with it exept building and changing it's landscape.Even if there will be a Global Multiplayer (wich is so desired), there is still no idea what interactions there will be between players exept of building something together.It's just a concept, just a foundation for a big game. And I'm afraid that this game turns into a huge ""content for cash spawner""...P.S. as soon as a vehicle building feature appears in the game, I'll change my opinion."
,Recommended,332310,16178402,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,WillyMcBride,"We all know we love lego...just get it!But seriously: I have always told my brother when we were playing the Star Wars Lego games that it would be brilliant to have a massive open world where you could build whatever you want, be whoever you want, and do whatever you want in a lego world...I just never thought it would come true!It's a simple concept, but it's a good one. I can't wait for the planned features to stream out! (especially the multiplayer so i can play with friends!)It may just be my childish side coming out, but i give this brilliant game a solid 9.5/10!!"
76561198053439182,Recommended,332310,16164087,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Gristle Smashloins,"This game shows a lot of promise in this early stage of development.  There are definitely  many problems with this game, but the biggest problem for me is the camera gets wonky very often, which makes it hard to do eveything from climbing mountains to making them.  I really like this game and I think it has much a lot of potential.  I will continue to play as new updates are released."
,Recommended,332310,16720294,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Jeff,"Note: This game is Early Access and still is having more items and features added.This game is truly amazing, even for being in Early Access. It Has tons of interactive envoirments, monsters, weapons, characters, etc. But What i belive is going to be huge is that the game is getting Multiplayer hopefully very soon which, for some of you might be a  huge gamechanger. I growing up as a kid played alot with Legos and had tons of fun building with them in a game and seeing what i build come to life, which i thought was pretty amazing for a lego game. This game also gives you a TON of freedom and leeway for you do anything you want and really is a great open world experience.I recommend getting this game while it is still 14.99$, (Multiplayer might increase the game's price tag)"
,Recommended,332310,18756431,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,CombatantCat,"Geat Game, Really hope it gets Muiltiplayer soon"
76561197970618144,Recommended,332310,21280393,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,CrasH,Much loved! My son and I really enjoy playing together. I love how so much keeps getting added. This has endless possibilities. More content please!
,Recommended,332310,16161394,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Toemsel,Rode a:- Horse- Sheep- Camel- Bear- Dog- Goat- Cow- OstrichBest day of my life
,Recommended,332310,16155652,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,:D,"My First Experience in Lego Worlds:I spawned on a small island. So small, you could stand on the shore on one side and see to the other side of the island. I proceeded to explore this small island in the middle of nowhere. It seemed all life that once inhabited this land had died off; I found a few animal skeletons, so I did what any normal person would do. I punched them for money.In my attempt to find treasure rich lands far away, I began to swim. After a couple of minutes I stumbled across a tiny land mass barely big enough to stand on, inhabited by a lone pig. I chased the pig around for many minutes in the shallow waters before jumping on it and commanding it to swim. More minutes past, and the pig was starting to tire. We came across a boat in the middle of the ocean, so I immediately jumped off the pig and let it drown while I checked out my new boat. It had a bubble roof, and looked like a submarine, but as far as I can tell, you are unable to submerge the submarine yet.In the distance a new land came into view. This was it. This was where I was to make my fortune. I could sense the treasure. The island turned out to be only slightly larger than the one I came from, but in the middle stood a large, thin pillar. Atop this pillar, a treasure chest. I was right, this IS the land of treasure. I took a deep breath, thanked the pig for its sacrifice, and climbed the pillar, awaiting the riches contained within. I lifted the top of the chest, and dived in headfirst. With great anticipation, I pulled from the chest.... A fish. A FISH. A. FISH. IN A TREASURE CHEST? A PIG GAVE HIS LIFE FOR THIS.I anger, I ran around for the next five minutes punching every person, animal and tree I could find.10/10 would search for treasure again."
76561198038800367,Recommended,332310,28953935,Posted: 2 January,all,christopher.southworth,"The tools are complex and allow for a range of building activities, but in our house, it's all about fun.  My (now) six year-old has been playing this title since very early access, and loves it.  You can populate a village you build with a range of characters you choose, then violently destroy it in a matter of minutes using dynamite or a bazooka (even a flying, flame-spewing dragon!).  The worlds are diverse, and collectibles abound.  Give it a shot for some fun, or if you're the modder type, build away and you may get your creations published to the world at large.  There is, as of this time, no storyline to guide you.  Pure exploration and sandbox opportunities await you!"
76561197996122865,Recommended,332310,16153870,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Cardinal,"I was very intriuged by this game, especially as a huge minecraft fan and someone who spent a lot of time with Lego models as a child.You start the game as an 'explorer' and are essentially free to do what you want. Every time you touch a new item or destroy a baddie you add it to your collection. Movement is smooth, although the camera can be a little annoying at times, particularly in enclosed spaces.The real test of this game for me was ""Can I build the models from my childhood?"". In short...no...but all things considered, especially as this is a pre-release, I wasn't far off. I decided to build the Soldiers' Fort from the Lego Pirates set and, except for some specialist pieces like cannons and jail cell doors (and oddly, rounded pieces which don't seem to be in the game yet), I was able to build a fairly close approximation. Not bad Lego, not bad!Pros1. Good building options2. Fun game that would be good for all agesCons1. At this stage, there is a limited selection of bricks2. It feels very sandboxy at the moment, more of a building simulator than a survival game. Whilst this might be what they're going for, this might struggle to hold my interest,Overall, I'm impressed with this game so far and, considering it is an early release, it's got a lot of potential, but not quite there yet. Certainly worth the introduction price - 6/10"
,Recommended,332310,17807927,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Htimez2,"Awesome game definitely recommend it, its like minecraft with Legos, they will have Multiplayer and if the devs are reading this PLEASE ADD SURVIVAL MODE. I am pretty sure they will but even as of now it is awesome and definitely worth the reduced price of $14.99."
,Recommended,332310,30439984,Posted: 10 March,all,Bilbo,"OK lets try for a balanced review of this game now it has been released and I have played it for a while since the updateFirstly, I DO love the game stillThe game is not the same game as it was in early access but early access is not always a fixed entity so its always a possibility you could get a different game - I really don't know why the developers couldn't have kept a full creative mode in the game as many other games like minecraft do - they surely must have known they would get some negative reactions to making it only story/survival/quest mode (whatever you want to call it at the moment) - I see there is a create map option that gets unlocked at 100 gold blocks but because I am only on about 50 I haven't got to this yet so I can't say if that is a true creative mode or not.So I understand why people who played it solely in creative mode don't like it - My wife for example only has the use of one arm and the creative was what she liked to play as she doesn't have to worry too much about killing stuff which is hard for her with only one arm - she has now stopped playing it altogether which is sad.So with that out of the way I will review the game as a non-creative game as it is at least until you reach a higher level.I quite like the quests and the way you have to unlock the bricks, etc. I do think some more of the basic bricks could have been included from the start but that is a minor gripe to be honest - I like the tools and I do agree the interface has been vastly improved since early access. Having said that the quests do get repetative quite quickly. One thing that does bother me is there doesn't seem to be any point to it other than unlocking the blocks - there is no real sense that you are heading towards any end game of any kind - that could be a mistake on my part but its how it seems at the moment - if I progress and find this not to be the case I will update this review.The amount of content does seem to have been greatly increased since full release - The graphics and lighting seem far better than they were.As I said I have played this more in early access than since full release but I feel I have played it enough to give it a considered review now.I do think the devs have changed the game a lot from Early Access and if you like the changes depends on what you want from a game - if you want an exploration and questing lego game where you can build stuff but until you get to a much higher level its not so easy then you will love it.If you are expecting minecraft but with lego then you will probably be disappointed - I hope the devs listen to the community and at some point in the future add a true creative mode and I would suggest to the devs include steam workshop support too - I have spoken to many people about steam workshop in games and many have said they have had pirate copies of games but because a game had steam workshop support they have bought the game so they can get access to the workshop and it would be awesome to be able to see other people's creations.Overall I would recommend the game but please do not expect a true creative experience from the start because that is not what you will get."
76561198082219377,Recommended,332310,30432260,Posted: 10 March,all,StarDust,"This is an adventure game where you travel world to world and complete quests for people so you can get gold bricks to repare your space ship and travel to a new world with more and different discoveries. It is alot of fun and after playing through the first little bit and getting all the different tools, you can then explore and stay on the world as long as you like. That is where the sandbox part comes in because as you travel and discover things, you unlock them to buy. Then you can place them as much as you'd like and the building is really up to you. This is definately worth the buy if you want an adventure game with quests and a sandbox openworld put together!"
76561198006311798,Recommended,332310,26127339,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Snake Pliskin,"I highly recommend this game. The opportunities are almost endless. This game will be even better if the devs decide to add all available Lego pieces ever made across every different genre. This may be a massive dream (as I am not sure what the devs are capable of), but it would make this one of the most iconic Lego experiences ever made! I would also like to see a more flexible building system (i.e. deleting single sections of, for example, 1 x 1 blocks from a large solid block, and more pieces that allow angles), and also the ability to adjust the level of colour in the game (it sometimes comes off as a bit dull). Well done so far though guys. Keep at it.UPDATE: Check out ""Pliskin's Bistro"" that I made for the free build challenge.http://steamcommunity.com/app/332310/discussions/5/This game can only get better :)"
76561198277105653,Recommended,332310,22397425,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Alexishere!!!,"LEGO worlds is very creative and fun , especially when you start exploring. This game would be great if it had an online multiplayer mode but sadly the only multiplayer thing on it you can do at the moment is split screen. The game could probably do with a few more characters and animals to discover as  well, it gets a bit boring once you have discovered them all. The building does get a bit of getting used to and is a bit annoying but overall pretty good! And it is very economical having all your lego needs in one game!I realy hope they carry on improving LEGO worlds, it has  the pontential to become an amazing game! 7/10"
76561198074114423,Recommended,332310,16208359,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Satsumaimo,>Drilled deep underground>Cleared an area>Built a house>Surrounded house with goats>No one can bother me10/10 would goat moat again.
76561197972687680,Recommended,332310,30497695,Posted: 13 March,all,no-body,"I never played the Early Access version, so I can't comment on what the game was, only what it currently is. For what it is, I enjoy it. It seems like a lot of the EA complaints stem from the removal of absolute open world freedom in exchange for a more quest-based style game. Personally, I like having a bit of structure. I can't get into Minecraft or ARK because it's almost too open. Lego Worlds gives me little directions to go in. I like that. It doesn't take much to unlock the tools needed for building, although it's a bit of a pain to unlock some of the brick types.It has some bugs here and there that will hopefully get cleaned out as time goes on.Overall, I'm enjoying my time. My son loves it. My wife likes it. No regrets here."
76561198013324240,Recommended,332310,18041781,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,astiervincent,"This game is great, there's a lot of things we can do from building to driving or riding a horse/goat/or whatever you wanna ride.Though the controls are nice they might be a problem when you are driving. It's not a throttle and then you just have to steer with [left] or [right] but it is a recurring issue in all the Lego games.Combat is... well... a bit limited, you just throw some punches at some skeletons or other foes. It could be great to have weapons, I ain't asking for a whole armory but at least a gun and a sword for instance could be great. Or we could even add weapons related to the character we are using (sword for the king, gun fo the cowbow, shovel for... i don't know if there are undertakers in this game).The map size is suitable, could be a bit wider for me but that's my point of view. One BIG issue is, we can't see the whole map. I ain't talking about the fog on undiscovered area. It could be nice to be able to open the map to see were we are. Nearly lost a house I built on a map. Had to go through some weird scrapyard with monkeys climbing on piles of wrecked cars.Now let's talk about building. That's the most awesome part of the game (yeah ""everything is awesome""). We can litteraly do wathever we want with the ground, put some lava, grass, water and all that. Make it higher, deeper, flater... harder, better, faster, stronger. Terraforming is great. Building stuff is almost as good. Unlimited supply of bricks ! Only drawback there's a lot of missing bricks. For instance all character items (fishing rod, sword, shield...) are absent. There are no doors... Well let's just say there are bricks but onlys the simplest ones. Now the only thing they could add would be a vehicle builder or something like this, I really want to build my own car.This game has a lot of potential and I'm sure it will be great once released !"
76561198168737807,Recommended,332310,20859789,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,tenten10,"Lego Worlds is the most fun Lego game made yet.Pros: Great graphics, great music, great builds, and great fun.Cons: Some glitchs, no online multiplayer (it will be coming soon), slow to load, some annoying sounds.8/10(That is the review that I gave this game when I purchased it in Early Access, but now that it is released I have to give it a 6.5/10. The reason being is because they changed from nearly endless worlds to smaller worlds, and they added a less interesting and even more repetitive version of the lego video game quest system (not to mention a few uses of foul language that is very unlike Lego). If they make some good changes to the game in updates to come then I will change my review accordingly. It's still a very good game, but not like it was before. If you'd like a good sandbox work in progress then this is the game for you, but if you want a game that you are sure of, then save your money)"
,Recommended,332310,16559932,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,SU]Glitch,"Now before I start this review, I have to stress this game is REALLY early access. There's probably a LOT of stuff to be added and its no-where near ready.So, I came from past experiences with LEGO games (LEGO Universe will be missed.) I was unsure if this game had what it takes to be a good exploration game but after 2 hours I can't really lie, it's quite magnificent. I can't quite describe it, even if it's in early access, and I'm glad I spent £11.99 on it. So you have a wide transport range. Pigs, tractors, ancient looking cars, and my favourite vehicle, bi-planes! (And helicopters!)There's an impressive world generation system. Please note that if you find something in a different world you can buy it with studs/spawn it whenever you please.Now to the big one. Building, something LEGO is, obviously known for.The building system is pretty good, however if you ask me, I think there needs to be a few changes before it can reach it's potential. Now you've got terrain editing features. You can take chunks out of land, flatten land, make large circles/caves etc etc. You can also paint tiles, plates and bricks. If you want you can also choose from a ton of pre-brick-built things. So you can make a castle if you want. Or...You can use the building system. Now the building system is actually really surprising. Your character starts to float and can then just phase through everything, and can fly essentially giving for better views on certain things. You can make houses, beds, sofas (which I messed up really badly on.) and it's all so interesting. But, I hope in future updates they add more additions such as being able to build your own car and since LEGO has so many bricks to choose from, MORE BRICKS. And light-up bricks too please.Now for the other side. What do I think is genuinely, bad, about this game? Well theres only a few things. Sometimes the camera will go CRAZY. I'll be walking up something and the camera just sinks into the ground. Also if you shift+tab to talk to friends and come back you can't right-click to move your camera around, although I think that was fixed. (Not sure on that but it hasnt happened since the first content update.)The game also needs to be optimized. What optimization is, is.. well.. let's say people with beasts of gaming computers might experience quite large FPS drops. And that's about it, but then again, it's early access and I can assume that it'll be optimized very soon so cross that off the list.Overall for an early access game it's got so much potential, but this isn't even the tip of the ice-burg. This game has a lot of potential. As of now I rate it 8.5/10. If this game changes I'm sure I'll modify my review too. Have fun, and build to your heart's content!"
,Recommended,332310,16218191,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Slotanoid,"I think this is one of the best Lego games since years. We can find here a big (random generate) world with lots of objects, characters, vehicles and more.... We can also build sth from brick bag and play with it.I notice some things that  should be in game soon:- red bricks (there is no Lego game without them :))- more bricks to build- more creatures, characters, items, vehicles- multiplayer- map or sth like this!If U want to play Lego Worlds you can't play on a fridge. You aught to have a well-working computer with a good graphic card."
,Recommended,332310,16229588,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Deycallme Koles,"At first i was unsure how good it would be, i saw the negative reviews mainly complaining at the dodgy cameras and the game being laggy. But i bought it, and i have to say its the best game ive played in a long time. Ive played a lot of minecraft, but since buying this i have never looked back, this is brilliant! minecraft is just a bunch of squares! My pc is a piece of junk, i dont even have a seperate video card, but this plays fine for me so it should work well on most peoples pc's. As for the camera problem, the driving and building can take a while to get used to, and is sometimes annoying at first, but after a while of play it is very easy to play and build whatever you want, there are a load of pre made stuff you can spawn in aswell, but that was the only thing negative. Some people said it lacks a story, which is fair enough, but i think its almost possible to create your own stories in it that it is unecessary. Its sure worth getting, espacially if you love lego and lego games, or just building stuff in general, and also if u like adventure sandbox like minecraft. The only way to improve in my opinion is to keep adding new content, like themed lego, such as star wars, that would be great!  10/10 would buy again lol even though i already have it! but if u get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥with the controls just keep playing and it'll catch on!!!ps the small propellor plane is vtol lolEdit: The game has changed much since I wrote this some things for the better and some worse. The v1 update added quite a lot of new content, including a sort of campaign which tbh i find to repetitve and it gets boring, but you had to play along to unlock the new content e.g the megazooka or golden dragons. With the most recent update you can now play in sandbox mode which has everything unlocked from the start. They now have content that is unlocked by entering codes on the home screen. But there are few of them! There is currently no DLC, besides the early access dlc which isn't worth commenting on, and also the Lego Agents DLC which is currently only available on ps4 with a 90 day exclusivity. Hopefully they will be quick to release it on pc after, and  add other themed DLC such as Star Wars or Heroes. It would also benefit from a fun campaign with a good story, like missions in Lego Star Wars and Batman Games! I would still recommend the game as the sandbox play is great and it can only get better with new content."
,Recommended,332310,22470039,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Dūmlūpe,An interactive virtual LEGO set? Best idea ever! Why haven't they thought of this sooner?
,Recommended,332310,30424715,Posted: 10 March,all,Snowdog,"I was not keen on the early access version of the game.I came back with the 1.0 release, and I really enjoy the game now.It is now what I would expect from a Lego game.There was nothing wrong as it was before, it just wasn't for me.It would be nice if the open world sandbox mode was added back for those who want it."
,Recommended,332310,30428784,Posted: 10 March,all,Nadious,"Don't let the negative reviews steer you away.  I was an Early Access player for many months and had over 75 hours into the game before version 1.00 dropped.  My 5 year old son and I would play this a lot together and he LOVED it.  I enjoyed it a lot and had fun just running around, building things (which I'm not too good at making things on my own) and discovering new things to play with.  But after awhile, I put it on the shelf (even after 'restarting discoveries' all over again) because it just wasn't as much fun as it was when it was new.  So, fast forward to March 7th when version 1.00 dropped... and here I am again... can't wait to play more.I REALLY like what they have done here with the game.  It is a lot different from the Early Access version (which seems to be the reason for so much negative hate towards this game) but I feel that this game needed the changes that they put in place.  It is much more enjoyable to travel to smaller, more controlled worlds, than just run from one area to another.  I'm only just a few hours in, but I've already discovered new things that weren't in Early Access and I'm doing new things that I haven't done before.  The game is A LOT more fun this way and collecting new things, unlocking new features, and the whole 'discovery' process is a lot more structured and makes you feel like you are actually PROGRESSING in the game, rathern than running around with no goals.Hats off the devs.  Like thisv version so much, that I'm gonna pick up the PS4 version as well so I can share with some of my 'non-PC Gamer' friends that only have consoles that they play on.  Don't let the negative reviews scare you.... there is a lot of fun to be had with this game!  But, if you are expecting Minecraft with Legos, you may be disappointed.  From what I gather, there is a sandbox mode when you unlock all the golden bricks, so the option is there... if you spend time doing the core concepts of the game first."
76561198075430589,Recommended,332310,16118304,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Yamanu,Menu system needs work. Runs well at 4k. And LEGO!
,Recommended,332310,16127594,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Fishdinner $5.99,I got to play this game for about 15 minutes tonight after buying it.In those 15 minutes I:* punched a mummy.* stole a camel.* rode a goat into some lava.* choked a polar bear* knocked the head off of a wizard.* got a letter.* swam in a pool.* blew the face off of a sphinx with a tamed dragon's breath.* lost control of the dragon and tried to save a civilian from it.* lost the dragon and found the civilian riding a giant eagle.* stole the eagle.* landed the eagle on a giant mushroom while I dug through a treasure box.This game is $15. For me that was a dollar a minute. Buy this game.
76561198106983484,Recommended,332310,17198496,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,[BLU]dragonking3002,This game is A wounderfull Early Acsess sandbox filled with potential and it was just realesed just a mounth ago and still manages to keep me entertained while I wait for my keys to become tradable ;3 I highly recommend it if you love Lego and Love  building
76561198208256819,Recommended,332310,28656961,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,P-sav,"This game was amazing in early access. Now it's kind of a double-edged sword.The good things are the complete visual redesign of the start menu and the new gameplay style. I like how the visuals have been updated to be like more of the other games LEGO has made. It's a lot better than the old look. The gameplay has evolved into half-sandbox, half-campaign, with much more of a focus on quests and discovery of items. I like that. I like it.The only downside is the size of the first few worlds. I don't mind the discovery and all that before you finally have that true sandbox feel, I think that's fine. I don't like that you have to unlock bigger worlds. If the worlds generated in a way closer to how they did in early access, then I'd like it a bit more.Nevertheless, this game is awesome, and I recommend it as a more casual, relaxing game. The concept is nice, the execution is nice, and anyone who is a LEGO fan should have the experience of playing the game."
,Recommended,332310,19584543,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,that guy,Fantastic game! But I would love to have multiplayer
,Recommended,332310,16213379,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,The Lone Wolf,i recommend this game for all those people who played with legos when they were little it will bring back memorys
76561198096295875,Recommended,332310,19785625,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Will Smith,"1. This game is not like Minecraft so if you read a review that says that it's wrong because yes you can destroy the enviroment but you cant place those blocks and there isn't a crafting portion 2. USE A CONTROLLER! You're probably asking why, well because the camera ia kinda awkward and clunky because you usually just move the mouse right? Well not with this game you have to first hold right click and then move the mouse. But overall this game is great there are literally no limits! Have fun!"
,Recommended,332310,16119551,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,The Star Wars Portal,Everything is awesome!
,Recommended,332310,16378401,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Forever Alone,"The Game is great for those that love Lego, as well as sandbox games, but if you want it to play fast and well, you will want a very beefy PC. It is very early in development, and they will possibly work on the fps issue, I bought the game because i saw potential, and I believe that this could be the next Minecraft. Overall, I enjoy it and think that others will too, it is fun, and there is a lot of possibilities. :D"
,Recommended,332310,18766558,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Oregono,"""Beaten""100/100 gold bricks - 31 hours(100 gold bricks is the highest world unlock. I still have object, characters, and biomes to discover, but the game is technically ""beaten"" ).Lego Worlds would best be described as a exploration building game. It doesnt really have ""crafting"" in terms of combining items to create new things.  The general flow is exploring procedural worlds to find new items and bricks and then slowly leveling up to get more biomes and bigger worlds.  Then use those items and bricks to make your own creations!Pros:- Fun exploration and discovery.- The building tools are great. Really great.- Split screen multiplayer.- Tons of items, tools, animals, lego people, biomes, etc. Just a lot of everything.Cons:- Draw distance is kinda terrible, even if it is set higher.- The game is pretty restrictive at first, given how much you have to unlock if you just want to build stuff.  Exploration is fun though.- No way to sort through or quickly find or pin bricks or items effectively .  This is a bit annoying.- No way to share creations with other players.- Cant rename or delete saved builds?!- Has crashed on me when the game cant render the environment quickly enough (usually this happens if in a faster vehicle).WISHLIST:- Lego Trains- Ability to build / discover an underwater base- Space!- Item/world sharing with other players online.- Template vehicles you can build on.- In world mini games or challanges.Additional Quest ideas:- Car/Air races- First person shooting challenge- Metal Detector dig- Find a specific object in a house/building within a certain amount of time- Platforming challengesOverall, Lego Worlds is a very fun game with a lot to discover and really powerful creation tools. It has some issues in regards to organization and finding what you want, but in the end, the game is incredibly fun and absolutley worth the time and money."
76561198041917925,Recommended,332310,16119536,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Leroy Simpson,"Didn't even need to check my bank account before buying this game. It was an obvious ""MUST BY NOW"". Sucks now though, I can't afford food so I need to eat my Lego."
,Recommended,332310,16518253,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,DigitalMeister <YWL>,"Bought the game because LEGO. Why not? Right? I mean, seriously. It is LEGO. Now, keep in mind: The game is Early Access, which means that it is far from finished. With that said, Some things I am looking forward to in the updates:(UPDATED: 9/8/2015-Better Menu layout. Seriously. I had to hunt for 5 minutes just to figure out how to exit the game (And Alt+F4 seems to set to false in the code, preventing that nice little Windows trick from working). Nothing is labeled, You are just expected to figure things out via trial and error, apparently.Seriously. This whole needing to go back to the main menu to exit the game is obnoxious, as I have to do it even in windowed mode. For being the game that many say will put Minecraft in its place, it seems to be trying too hard to live up to that expectation.So, to Warner and Traveler's Tales: Make this game your own. Don't just assume we want a minecraft clone. I re-installed this game to see what the updates brought, and I am glad that AMD is now supported archetecture. Continue to make this game unique, and you will get a lot of people who will play it."
,Recommended,332310,25138172,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,grynold,A game with great potential. Plays it with my daughter using a DS4 controller and a Steam controller and that works perfect. Things I think have to be fixed is the camera and the map. The camera should follow behind the character much better now my daughter constantly loses track of where she is and I have to help her with the camera. The fullscreen map is really hard to even see where you are at and which direction you are going. It takes a lot of button presses to zoom out max instead of just holding the button down.
,Recommended,332310,34299609,Posted: 16 August,all,Deathskull5,"I have been with Lego Worlds sense 2015 (pre-release) and I must say in the pre release of the game it was much better and funner than the final product. In Lego Worlds, you go to world to world completing quests and discovering alot of stuff along the way. When you complete a quest, you are givin a gold brick that can upgrade your ship... I don't wanna spoil everything so i'll leave it at that.The gameplay is nice, everything is Lego which I love because the graphics and the textures for the legos just look like real Legos!The best part is the building and creating. You get certain tools to create and build... but you won't be able to do that until you collect 100 gold bricks (meaning 100 quests need to be done) and that is such a grind. You can make stuff when you don't have 100 gold bricks, though, but you will usualy abondon the world you are building on so you can go to new worlds to collect new gold bricks. So get 100 gold bricks first then create what you want.The part I like the most about this game is the discovering part. You have a discovering tool to discover props, animals, vehicles, characters, and other stuff found in diffrent biomes. You get to custimize your own character with the characters you discovered and bought with your studs. If you like Garry's Mod, you will kinda like this game, it's sorta like that.There is a sandbox mode, like creative mode in Minecraft. In sandbox mode, you have all access to every single discovery in the game, so you don't have to look for everything in Adventure Mode (the mode where you find the gold bricks and discover things ETC.)The pre-release version was way better... you were an explorer and if you touched things you would discover it and you were in this huge open world island bigger than the huge worlds in the current Lego Worlds... well... all good things must come to an end... but I must say I played the full release version more than pre-release because in the full release you just had way more stuff to work with, even though the gameplay had a downgrade a bit.Well, that's a Lego Worlds review for me.7.8/10 - too much Legos"
,Not Recommended,332310,18649404,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,GarbageSoup,"TL;DR on bottom.Lego Worlds Update 6This game has potential, but sadly is not there. When I first heard of this game I was extremely excited, a Lego Sandbox game! I've been waiting for this game for years. But when I started to play the game, it wasen't that good. It was buggy, and laggy, with terrible camera controls, but it has come a long way since then. A very long way. Here is my Pros and Cons list for version 6:Pros:-LEGO Sandbox-Great, Vast Terrains-Beautiful Graphics-Only $15-My jaw dropped open when I want under water.-New backpack menu, no more confusing wheel!-Adequate Building Controls! I cannot tell you how stunned I was when I logged back on to find the building controls are not garbage. I tip my hat to the develpoers for finally fixing them 6 major updates in. And the disappearing parts of the blocks when you get too close works way better than they ever have before!Cons:-Terrible Camera Controls: These are still some of the worst controls I have used in a sandbox. You mainly control the camera with your mouse to turn your character, but if you are walking past any tallish objects, like trees or if you are on a side of a cliff, you still cannot turn the camera, so you can't turn in one direction! Sure, you can use the A & D keys, but shifting how you move can seem weird. Please make the camera zoom in when moving, like when you are standing still.-No Objective: Sure, this is an open sandbox game, and yes, there are ""quests"", but I don't feel like they do too much. And yes, there is a survival aspect, but I don't quite feel it fits into the game play how it is currently implemented. The best thing for them to do is create their  own survival mode, kind of like Minecraft, but add their own spin to it. For example, a mode that would allow us to start with nothing, build (craft) survival tools and items, and work up to be the ""All Powerful Master Builder"" with the flying and unlimited resources we currently have. Implemented well, this could be fun and an amazing game!-Performance: This has always been a problem. It's not really getting any better, especially for older hardware. Sure, its old hardware, but this game appeals to kids who probably have lower end machines that match the performance of older mid to high end PCs. I currently have an i5-4590, an RX480 and 16gb of ram, but it only runs okayish. A weird problem is that OBS can only find the game to record while it is in a window, and it freezes up constanly. Please, get this to run better!-The Settings Situation: How could anyone mess up where the settings are? Well aparently these developers. You cannot change any settings in the starting menu, only when you are in the game. The ""settings"" you can see on the wheel when you start the game up just has the online stuff. WTF. Let's say that your computer crashes everytime you get into a world and you want to mess with the settings to see it it helps, well you can't. This is the worst placement of settings I have ever seen. YOU MUST FIX THIS!!!My conclusion is a little diffrent now, the game is still gorgeous, has a lot of interesting terrain and its LEGO, but  now the building controls are essentially fixed and it is glorious! Although that is the case, the camera controls still have problems that need to be fleshed out. And I know I said that: ""Once the camera controls become better, I will recommend this game"", but I still can't for most people. I am so bored when I play this and there needs to be something more. That being said, I can whole heartedly recommend this game to creative types, but still not to everyone. Buy it for the price and potential, wait until it gets better. Oh, and add LEGO Technic stuff, please? It would be awesome to build a car or cool contraptions.TL;DR:Update 6!Building is mostly fixed!Still camera issues.Still preformance issues.Not enough 'gaming' content.Settings not on startup screen.Yes for creatives.No for everyone else.Oh, and I know someone will say that this game is made for the creative types, but for an open world LEGO game, I expect it to be at least partially a GAME. Without the game part they are just making a gloified LEGO Digital Designer with online capiblities. That is fine, but then why have the vast open world?"
,Recommended,332310,16295411,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,SavagedChinHair,"Let me break this down for you, brick by brick.This is what I was able to achieve in my first two hours;Rode a Goat.Rode a Pig.Rode a Dog.Rode a Bear.Rode a Horse.Rode a Wolf.Operated a Buggy.Operated a JCB.Operated a Steamroller.Operated a Hovercraft.Operated a MASSIVE DRILLING MACHINE OF MOUNTAIN PENETRATION.Operated a Helicopter.Operated a Stunt Plane.Rode a FIRE BREATHING BLOODY DRAGON.Interacted with many NPC's in the world and learned their skills.Switched myself to a NPC Dark Wizard player model and I can SHOOT FIREBALLS FROM MY HANDS.The only negative, has been promised to us in future updates; Multiplayer. Local Co-op & Online would be fantastic.69/10 Would Lego Again."
76561197965811209,Not Recommended,332310,34381333,Posted: 20 August,all,Scrago,"So, let me first say that my 4 year old daughter absolutly loves this game.  It has all the things she wants in a video game.  That being said, I constantly have to restart it due to it crashing.  I mean, every single ♥♥♥♥ing time she plays it it ends up crashing.  No other game I play crashes like this one does.  If the crashing stops then i'd recommend this game but until then only bother if you don't mind resetting it."
76561198034123494,Not Recommended,332310,16625916,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Big Boss,"Been playing Lego Worlds again for less than one hour. The game with the updates couldn't get me interested. It's actually the same as in June 2015. Maybe less buggy, but still a bad building UI, and not really exiting to explore worlds. It might be nice the first few minutes, but the game gets boring really quickly without any clear goals. Yeah yeah yeah, it's early access, but I still see no improvements in GAMEPLAY sinds june.Reading the news from the developper, they will improve the building UI. Well, looking forward to it. It would be a nice game if building your own creations would be a lot easier and more intuitive, just like real lego. if they can't be minecraft, at least be Lego.------------------------------ earlier review below--------------------------RE-REVIEWLet's keep this one short:Pros:- it's Lego!- many different types auto generated worlds to explore- lots of preset buildings, plants, weapons, vehicles, characters and props to encounter and make it yours to play with.- it's fun to freefall, hit, fly, ride, drive, shoot, bomb around- i walked on the clouds, kept throwing dynamite down below, created an enormous hole that reached to the middle of the earth, skydived right into it.- ""summoning"" an aircraft / vehicle lets you fly or drive right away, feels good.- you can use the current building system to build structures with many different available Lego partsCons- no clear goal in this game, current game is really sandbox like. Not sure what the developers wanted this game to be.- discovering new vehicles is fun, but the fun wears out quickly- discovering new plants and props is not much fun.- discovered the diver character, went to the sea, he could NOT dive...- water doesn't act like water, it doesn't flow where it should. I digged a long and deep tunnel with dynamite. And connected it to the sea... nothing happened. I could bomb a hole in the water with a dynamite. Felt like I was Moses splitting the sea in half... not much happened after that... bored.- sometimes the camera angle + mouse + keyboard combination doesn't feel comfortable. Prefer a fixed 3rd person view and a special button to let you look around freely.- The current building system is for the patient ones only . It's annoying and not easy to use.- no option to build your own vehicles or adjust current vehicles- Lego building physics does not relate to real Lego buildingAt this moment I still won't recommend this game for someone who wants to buy a game and spend some real quality time with. But if you like discovering vehicles/aircrafts/animals to drive/fly/ride with, hitting/shooting/bombing things with no purpose and have all things prebuild for you and you just want to rearange the prebuild stuff neatly in your own way, then buy it!For the ones who loves building with Lego, buy real lego.------------------------------ earlier review below--------------------------NOTE: played 1.6hours of this game, but played over 9999hours of real life LEGO.While being a fan of lego and minecraft, I always wondered when Lego would step in. So I was excited to buy and try this game when it came out as a beta version. Unfortunately, it's not what I had in mind.I loved playing with real lego, where I can create my own cars, planes, crazy structures, mechanics (technic lego), and I could find my younger self creating my own stories in the lego world. It's nice to have an out of the box lego toy. But it's even nicer to try and experiment, building crazy stuff by combining different sets. To make it your own. This I find lacking in this game. Preset structures, preset vehicles, it;s nice to have them, but it won't give you the kick of buidling something of your own.Comparing to minecraft, minecraft gives you the feeling of achievement. Digging stuff, building stuff. Simple UI but very effective. This I find lacking in this current beta version of Lego Worlds.In Lego Worlds, you can build your own structures brick by brick, but the user interface is not user friendly. While in minecraft you just walk to the position where you want to place a brick and click. In Lego Worlds, I find it too complicated. I had prefered them to use ""Duplo bricks"" for better orientation during building.At this current stage, I think this game is fun for teenagers or younger kids.I really hope this game will improve a lot and make me experience my childhood again.- Common guys, ALT+F4 = exit game...- Don't let me chase coins lying around, let the coins chase me.- Please improve building interface. I don't mind taking time to build my structure, but the building experience must be simple and effective. The current way of building is just too annoying.- add some technic lego, electrical motor, let us build mechanical structures, moving interacting parts- let players build custom cars, planes, etc... make it work- let player save their custom made objects/buildings, and use the autogun to reproduce saved stuff quickly.- Earning coins by smashing stuff, not really rewarding. Let players share their structures/buildings/vehicles online. Let others vote. The more likes, the more coins you get for other usage in the game. Let creativity be rewarded. Coins used to upgrade your available building blocks.- Let player earn skills, from Lego Noob to Lego Master- Let players play different games inside different worlds with different rules settings. Counterstrike Lego, Lego The Sims, Lego Themepark, Lego Mario Kart... etc... That's the power of Lego, mimicking other worlds with it's own touch.- Please stick to the real world rules while building with Lego blocks. Keep true to Lego. Block on block can only stick when you put it the right way. In Lego Worlds, blocks sticks like they are made of glue.- Primarily, please make the core game more interesting. Focus on the inner beauty, copy minecraft for Gods sake! I don't care about skins of different characters yet, the core game must be correct. I wanna build, dig, destroy and save my efforts. Skins and stuff are secondary.At this moment, not recommended unless you like fooling around."
76561198042419403,Recommended,332310,30521928,Posted: 15 March,all,Nara,This game is addicting. Doing the quests to assimilate people into my customization options is great.I think I paid like 10 or 15 dollars for this when it first released to steam. I don't know if I would pay 30 dollars for it but if this goes on sale I would definetly consider picking it up. The game starts off a little slow but after you start getting into bigger worlds and unlocking more it gets a lot better.
,Recommended,332310,16120073,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,I love Abi! <3,"First off I want to say I know this is early access, and hopefully some of these things will be addressed in time. That said, let's get the bad stuff out of the way first;No control/camera options!I *think* this might be because this will be ported to consoles eventually. I say that because the messages ""Press any button/key"" and the option of turning on or off ""Vibration"". Now sure some people play PC games with gamepads, and that's great, but I hope this PC version of LEGO Worlds will get some options for how we play. An irritation so far for me is that the right mouse button is for looking as well as pointing (ie movement). So if you want to go straight but swing the camera to the right to look at something, you have to correct your movement by strafing or something similar. Another annoyance is how low the camera is to the ground, so you're looking at the horizon all the time rather than your immediate surroundings.Intricate building with individual bricks is a bit clunky!Again this may be because of the possible console like control scheme, but trying to build something is a bit more tedious than it should be. The interface for the brick selection and color selection aren't designed very well (scroll the mouse wheel to go through them, but that also zooms in your view, grr!). I prefer the dedicated building programs that exist more than this, even the Google Chrome LEGO builder. The low framerate doesn't help matters either, and I don't have all of the bells and whistles on maximum.No way to affect the world without going in to build mode!I really wish a had a shovel or something that just dug where I was standing. Or maybe even dig with my hands, or *something* rather than nothing at all. To alter the landscape you have to go in to one of the build modes, and either remove bricks one at a time via clicking, or delete huge chunks at a time in a somewhat clunky interface (that interface again!).This is *not* like Minecraft!I mentioned MC again because, if you're like me, you might have been hoping that this was a LEGO version of Minecraft. It isn't, so get that out of your head right now. What's more like is an open world, no story mode TT game. You explore and if you run in to a NPC you haven't collected yet, you unlock them for purchase. Ditto for vehicles, little models (ie plants, various decorative objects, etc.). You get studs for destroying stuff, and use those studs to permanently buy one of the things you've unlocked. You also get studs for interacting with one of the supplied builds (a lovely little home with a pool and BBQ). These studs come pretty freely, so I never felt low on 'money', however all this paints a somewhat different picture than what Minecraft does; there's a lot more video game here than just building.Now on to the good stuff shall we?Genuine fun!I actually enjoyed exploring the different landscapes, even if they were somewhat barren for now. I had a rush of glee when I found a NPC I hadn't encountered yet and quickly harvested their sweet parts for myself. I enjoyed riding the dragon and blowing up craters in the mountains. I enjoyed mowing the lawn (aforementioned pre built house object), and giggled when I saw what it did. I liked finding the big chests that yielded me a hand held item (though the gun mechanic of shooting is a little odd for now). Basically there is fun to be had here, and it should only get better.Beautiful views!Both the theme areas as well as the character models themselves look wonderful. Luckily we have ambient occlusion already for us (no need to fake it for nice screenshots like MC!) as well as gorgeous lighting effects. Everything looks amazing and really sucks you in to the world.Ok now on to the stuff that isn't even in the game and my personal opinion/hopes on what happens, you can skip this bit if you want.Multiplayer?Unfortunately it doesn't *seem* like this will be like MC again. There won't be any 64 players joined here, I'd be very surprised. There isn't even (unless I'm blind and/or not smart enough) chatting of any kind yet, but as I said I could be wrong. The game certainly didn't prompt me to say hello or anything like that, and I couldn't check the control scheme. There was an option to 'search for worlds', though I didn't look in to it. I fear it might just be something similar to Little Big Planet, where players upload their world to the server and let other people play *in* it, rather than *with* other people. And since multiplayer was technically at the bottom of the list of 'features to add', I'm worried it'll just be basically co-op. Certainly not the social juggernaut that MC had become even in beta, LEGO Worlds multiplayer seems like a footnote rather than core feature of the game.I guess that's actually the only bit I'm not certain about. I hope we can get some good multiplayer, but we'll see!"
76561198085850593,Recommended,332310,30411340,Posted: 9 March,all,jasem.catrall,"This is a FUN game, if you like Lego,  this is it. Look no further!"
,Recommended,332310,28725098,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,King of Nerds | csgolive.com,"If you like building, destroying, or just adventuring this game is for you. Sure you might need to create new worlds alot to find the biome you want but that just means more worlds to explore! I just wish that a survival/RPG mode could come out. I also with for the vampire to become blood-sucking.out of it all 9/10"
,Not Recommended,332310,35392900,Posted: 1 October,all,MisterFireTango,removing the open world aspect ruined it
,Recommended,332310,31347811,Posted: 24 April,all,TheDodoLord,"I Love This Game! it is really fun and brings lego to life in multiple ways BUT it needs a few things like for instance1) Custom Vehicle Maker2) Custom Creature/Character Maker3)The Copy & Paste tool needs a bigger range because i have wished to copy towns or cities for later use but they are simply too big4) more hostile enemies i mean the skeletons, zombies, dragons, lions etc in the game arent automatically hostile until tamed and sometimes i think itd be cool to have to defend against a wave of skeletons or something but the AI is kind of messed up i guess5) the last thing is when shooting any weapon including a bow you seem to have a forwards recoil or in otherwords you walk forwards. this gets quite irritating.But other than those the game is really fun and i enjoy exploring/creating/roleplaying."
,Recommended,332310,16139531,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Evanz111,"Within 5 minutes, I'd built a castle and found a bazooka, standing atop it, raining fire down on innocent horses. 10/10."
,Recommended,332310,16258279,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Tigerhawk71,"~3-4 hours to see everything the game currently has to offer. (8th June 2015)It's got potential - at the moment once you find things you can unlock them with the in-game currency (which is found basically everywhere) and summon them any time (vehicles, animals to ride, etc).I had a lot of fun with the digger, making huge spiral tunnels in the mountains and digging under-sea tunnels to new islands.Current lack of water physics atm really kills some of the immersion... and the controls are horrible, but they're work in progress.. they're functional but not intuitive.I had fun. I look forward to coming back in 6 months or whenever multiplayer comes out."
,Recommended,332310,16145367,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Aaronander,"Having only about 30 minutes logged as of the time of this review, I can safely say this is the LEGO game I have been waiting for. We all love minecraft, but LEGO is one of the reasons we do. I'm excited to see where the devs take this early access. It's already quite stunning to look at and the detail of the brick-landscape is breathtaking. Just look at that moon!"
76561198134824579,Recommended,332310,16918963,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Pacey_Fond,"LEGO® Worlds 8.5/10Good thingsI rode a pig as a police officer (brothers in arms)An actual LEGO® game with Lego terrainPlenty of things to do in the enviromentPlenty of vehicles and charactersBad thingsCan't find controller supportOkay optionsNo Batman!This game has plenty of content, but since it still is in early access it doesn't have enough. I would still buy this since once it comes out of early access it will still stay the same price. I would give this a 8.5 because it has plenty of content and there is so many things to do."
76561198121128828,Recommended,332310,16179443,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Nossira,Lego Worlds is already fantastic for an early access game. However there are some features I'd like to see in the future.-First person modeI think this would add another dimension to the game allowing you to explore your creations to the fullest extent and would make building easier because fiddeling around with the camera can be really annoying.-Vehicle buildingMaking your own vehicles and being able to drive them around would make the game so much cooler and giving it more of the feeling of your own wacky world.-More piecesAlthough this will probably come in an update anyway it would be great to have more pieces like the lego cylenders and functional doors.-GamemodesEspecially for multiplayer in the future it would be awesome if you could create a capture the flag game to play with your friendlys. Also a suvival gamemode would also be interesting.
,Recommended,332310,29847796,Posted: 11 February,all,ZypheREvolved,"Played with my 4 and 7 years old girls. They required an hour of support to get used to the controls and without that initial guidance, they were about to switch to another game. With some grown-up support their frustrations quickly evaporated.The depth of control a player is offered in LEGO Worlds might be a surprise to many children playing on a keyboard but it's not a bad thing. The nature of the game requires a vast range of controls with a unique configuration that suits this type of game. Every vehicle and tool come with the extra options. The imagination is a player's only obstacle and in my experience, few children struggle in that area. The young ones just need a bit of help...or a joypad!Eventually, my youngest (only 4) was able to navigate the entire island alone. She was keen to ride every animal and took objection to the killing of squirrels. Which sometimes get in the way during construction, poor squirrels. As for my eldest who has been a Minecraft and Roblox player for 3 years, was very impressed when I showed her the copy and paste tool. That is the tool that allows us to save our own designs and use the LEGO Worlds library to instantly build them. Tools like this and many, more, are all we need to build very detailed villages or even entire cities.I see no limit in this game because the option of placing individual bricks of all shapes and colours was a great surprise. With enough time and patience a player might create something larger and more complex than other open-world building games. That means an upgrade for fans of that style of gaming. I personally found it relaxing and as an adult, I would be interested in designing unique buildings for sharing with the kids.What I wasn't impressed with was the inability to click on characters and animals for information. I would really like each animal and NPC to have names. Possibly more and I'm going to guess it is something that would come as a natural step in LEGO Worlds improvement. Sometimes we would start a fight by accident and although it's harmless it gets a little annoying for the younger kids. I think the game needs friendly tooltips and bubbles of information for different age levels. This is exactly the type of game and brand that needs age targetted content.As for price and value. Both of my children have already asked to play more. They enjoyed it and had a positive experience. It created laughter and we've only played an incomplete version. That is worth the small amount I paid and we're looking forward to LEGO Worlds being complete."
76561198001163837,Recommended,332310,16212506,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Madcat,"What makes this different to Minecraft is that, where in Minecraft the best mining tool is a pickaxe, in this, it's the Bazooka"
,Recommended,332310,16228487,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,[38NC.K] 1st Lt. Carson,Everything Is Awesooome!
,Recommended,332310,22620054,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Howicus,"This game fufills a childhood wish of mine: namely, infinite Legos.  Comparsions to Minecraft are inevitable, but this is really a different sort of game.  There's no survival, and combat is very low-stakes.  This is partially an exploration game, but first and formost it is a building game.  Building controls are...finicky at times.  It can be hard to line up the Legos how you want them.  But the selection of bricks means that, with patience, you are pretty much only limited by your imagination.  All in all, a very enjoyable game for anyone who's a fan of Legos."
,Recommended,332310,21285251,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,GANGSTA PANTHA,"I have loved legos since I was a child (and I still do) this game brings back all of those memories and its something that I have been waiting for, for a long time.This game is a sandbox game with endless building possibilities and explorations possibilities. The graphics of the game are very good and the gameplay is amazing and fun. The game also has splitscreen, which is also a good thing.The only problems that I had with the game was the camera and the fact that there is no online multiplayer (which will probably be added soon).The game will give you hours of fun and exploration.I can't wait to see this get updated and come out of early access.I need to put more hours into this game.I love this game!!!10/10 would recommend!(This may be updated when the game comes out of early access)"
76561197970564613,Recommended,332310,21047970,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,VT Phantos,"This is a fun sandbox style way to play with virtually unlimited legos, and that unto itself makes it fun. No real story, just explore, create, and enjoy! I love Legos!"
,Recommended,332310,25431944,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Outcast™,"This is a Creator game with actual focus on creation. It features outstanding visuals and well developed mechanics.The current screenshots on the game are outdated, to experience the new shaders and textures before buying it, search for gameplays of the 2016 version running at DX11."
,Recommended,332310,26169484,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,scgoblue,Great Lego game but i wish you could make your own vehicles and save buildings you built and add more bricks and characters and have steam workshop and more sets
,Recommended,332310,16140312,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Travisio,"LEGO of your doubts, and buy this game."
76561198259360142,Recommended,332310,25033406,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,TheBelguimWarGamer,even if they are still updating Lego worlds its fun to play Build (KILL) explore Create  etc
,Recommended,332310,16212563,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Jamesld,Everything is awesome!11/10Just need to feel cool being part of a team.
,Recommended,332310,31209014,Posted: 17 April,all,Gdog,A very fun lego game.Its come a long way since It came to early access.What we are left with is a fun exploration and building game.Well worth your time.Watch some gameplay of the full release here -http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=907876202
,Recommended,332310,20472193,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,a chicken,"LEGO Worlds is an interesting contribution to Lego games in a few ways. Instead of having a narrative, it's totally open-world. Though there are a few objectives you can complete, the player is free to roam as they please. I think this really hits on something Lego hasn't really had in its repitoire since it shut down Lego Universe a few years ago. It's an important counterpoint to the more linear games that Lego has made through the years; those have their place, but they're only one part of the Lego experience. Roaming around and experimenting are a key part of Lego-ing, and Worlds gives the player the tools to do it.It's still in development, but from the looks of it the devs are truly committed to making this a good game. I would say this is a good buy outside of a sale. Of all of the games I've seen in Early Access recently this one is a safe bet."
,Recommended,332310,22924765,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,HoJu,"I haven't had this fun with LEGO since my brother moved out and took all our real LEGO with him. I still can't do anything with the current building controls (I've seen people build amazing stuff, but they don't feel as tight and controllable as I think they should), which is a pity, because building is the core of the game along with exploration, but the exploration feels so good and the worlds are so charmingly built entirely out of LEGO pieces (my biggest gripe with other LEGO games is that the enviroments are only partially built with actual LEGO bricks) that just wandering around is enough for me to heartily recommend this game. There's still a lot of work to be done, but I'm hopeful."
,Recommended,332310,18179277,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,HybridKoala,Great game!!!! I can't wait until it's multiplayer!!
76561198134415063,Not Recommended,332310,33633468,Posted: 18 July,all,Lord Woomy,"This game... for me, it is incredibly disappointing.It had potential. A massive, procedurally generated world in which you could do whatever you want. You had FREEDOM. And all throughout its early access it seemed like one of the best LEGO games in existence, in my opinion. Fast forward to release: everything's limited by missions. You do a mission, get something so you can do something else. That is NOT WHAT I SIGNED UP FOR. I signed up for a game in which you had total freedom to do whatever you wanted, whenever you wanted. They dumbed it down. Made it linear. How the F##K do you do that?!"
,Recommended,332310,30687825,Posted: 23 March,all,William Xu,I just really really love it. LEGO made my childhood. Thank you for all you have done ! LEGO.
,Recommended,332310,32779751,Posted: 25 June,all,Shunji,Good game but a few bugs that need to be patched (mostly for multiplayer)
,Not Recommended,332310,34041792,Posted: 5 August,all,Sticksman,"I have to agree with the many other reviewers here, Lego Worlds was much better while it was in early access. (Positive notes in 3rd last paragraph of this review).From what I remember there used to be a huge procedurally generated world in which you could explore freely and discover new items and props along the way at your own pace and then collect studs to buy them. This was an exciting, fun and relaxing experience which inspired creativity and exploration. Perhaps most importantly, it gave us our own unique, personal adventures.Now In sandbox mode there is no insentive to exploring the worlds and there is no progression. Everything is just given to you right out the gate. The excitement of discovery has gone which is very sad. Discovering, collecting and purchasing items was my favourite part of the game. I think many others agree with me on this.There is an adventure mode in which you do quests to progress, and while this is not a bad side of the game by any means, it is much more limiting than what we had in early access and it certainly is NOT why I bought the game! I got bored of adventure mode very quickly (On the day of release) and haven't played this game since.Lego worlds has an incredible charm to it. It made me laugh many times. The graphics are pretty and the building/terrain editing is impressive. The animations are fantastic and overall this game has wonderful character.So I won't go as far as saying this is a bad game, but at the moment it sure isn't a great one, like it once was. It has become more boring and limiting.I will not reccomend this game to anyone untill we get our old features back. Then I will change my review to a more positive one."
,Recommended,332310,16118445,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Lizardion,"Well this was quite an experience, its a cool consept but there still a lot to fix. I got in and the first thing i got was an plane and that may be a little OP but i was quite happy... until i started driving it, first off the camera is WAY too close to the plane, and that made it hard to see things around the plane. secon the controls was wierd, not a lot of physics in play, its just up and down and stering around, no gliding or forces in play. I jumped out of the plane and started breaking things to get money and diffrent items. and of course i got some pets.After i got some items i decided to start flying around to look after intresting stuff (i dont really care about the colectables). i found some cool stuff but not a lot. i flew off the island i was on and then i found a big no no. A LOT OF WATER, i flew for about 5 minutes before i found another island and that was generally very boring. and i found out during the flight that if you start scrolling in the menu you have a clothes changer, when i scrolled into this IT MADE ME JUMP OUT OF THE PLANE. and i lost the plane in the water, and there i found out that you can go under water... but the camera dosent follow soo the only thing i could do was to swim to the nearest island and buy another plane.But enough rambling about. Do i recomend the game? Maybe as a concept, but as a game, not really. It needs fixing, yes its early acsess but that doesnt give it permission to be this bad. I will play it later on but firstly it needs some updates and some fixes. They need to fix the camera and the controlls.I recomend this game because its a cool consept and its on good way to become a game but right now its only a sandbox."
76561198171485154,Recommended,332310,23803186,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Mediocre Player,Possibly the best Lego game since Lego Universe
,Recommended,332310,16122333,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,ChippyGaming,"I hoped this game would have a little bit more adventure, but after an hour of playing I realised it's all just about running around and beating up skeletons, did bring a smile to my face though!"
76561198032122858,Recommended,332310,23969008,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,ScreechingMarmot,"There's a lot of negative reviews for this game that point out very real and important problems that this game has. I recommend this gameonly to people who will enjoy the game despite its current flawslike I do. This review was also written just after Update 6 Patch 2, and I haven't been playing the beta versions so broken things I mention may be fixed in the current version of the game when you read this.I'll start with the worst so it doesn't ruin my review at the end. LEGO Worlds has serious problems with its camera and controls. Now I've been playing this game since it came out, and I can attest that the devs have made significant improvements in these areas. Despite this many controls are still very hard to use (trying to precisely place a copied model is nearly impossible at times) to the point where I prefer to simply avoid those features when possible. This is bad. However, I have been watching the devs slowly fix and add things that the players have asked for, and I think that somewhere on their monumental list of things to do is fix the camera and controls. But we'll have to wait and see.The other major negative is that you can only build static bricks. The game has tons of vehicles but you can't make any of your own. Many parts such as hinges are only available pre-built into destructible models; you cannot build with them. Also, you cannot build your own destructible models. As fun as building with the static bricks is, there is a frequent longing to build things that come to life. I have no idea if the devs plan on adding these features, but if they can add those models themselves then I'm pretty sure they can let us do it too.I would have complained about the lack of multiplayer here - a HUGELY important feature - but very recently they have added a multiplayer beta to the game! Multiplayer is here/coming, like we've asked for since the day LEGO Worlds was released!LEGO Worlds is not for you if you're looking for combat, scoring, preset goals, storyline, etc. By some definitions LEGO Worlds isn't actually a game, but more of a toy. It's LEGO on your computer. There is stuff to explore but exploration can become tedious as you hunt for item chests or elusive minifigs. I've seen several negative reviews here that came in part or full from people expecting to play a normal game instead of building with LEGO bricks.Now, for the good stuff! I will deal here with the obvious comparison is to Minecraft. LEGO Worlds is more unlike Minecraft than, say, Terraria is. It's not at all about survival. This game is quite entirely about building creatively with LEGO bricks. You have much more creative freedom than in Minecraft for a few reasons. The most important one is the smaller scale of the bricks, allowing for more detail in your builds. LEGO Worlds also has a nice set of terraforming tools which let you sculpt the terrain, as well as the ability to save your models and paste them around wherever you want. The creative experience is certainly the main draw to this game. Minecraft is better if you want to bulid with a purpose; LEGO Worlds is better if you want to set your creativity free. It's also lots of fun to climb around your builds Assassin's Creed style after you finish them, or to blow them up with dragonfire. I know this doesn't sound like much, but I have greatly enjoyed bulding in this game, much more than I have in Minecraft, and I expect the experience to keep getting better as the devs fix and add things.TL;DR: This game is, as of this writing, super early access, with many major problems and missing features. Despite this, it's given me a better creative experience than any other building game I've played (notably Minecraft and Terraria). It's not really a game; it's endless LEGOs on your computer."
,Recommended,332310,16238732,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Stouph,"Even though this game is in Early Access, it's already quite polished.  There is a lot of stuff to do right away in the game and a lot to explore!The game is a lot, and I mean a LOT of FUN!!!  I haven't laughed this much in a video game in a long time!I love running around exploring, collecting blocks and finding new pets!!! Like the DRAGON!! So spectacular to see and fly around with!!The only thing that I find disappointing about the game is the keyboard/mouse controls.  There is no Mouse Look, so you have to click to move or right click and drag to change the viewpoint.  I don't mind moving around with WASD, but the game needs a Mouse Look.  So if you have a GAME CONTROLLER for your PC, I highly recommend using that.  The controller buttons are very easy to  use and makes running around the world effortless!I hope this review is helpful!!I highly recommend you try this game!!Enjoy!! :D"
76561198086163535,Recommended,332310,25134981,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,awmcg,"This is a good exploration game which I recommend to anyone who likes exploration,building and collecting(which you do alot of). But by collecting I mean characters and ready built props and buildings.For players who like exploring they can explore different biomes and collect ready built props like said above... The problem is that you get them by walking into them which causes a classic LEGO game caching like sound and when you enter a new biome with lot of new props you soon get sick of it. Collecting characters is a fun thing to do since you can use their lego parts to bvuild custom characters but some character require object which you will find in a box half the map away, this gets annoying because I think they should be hidden nearby.Building is one of the things are annoyed about but the people who are complaining are wrong. Their are two systems one for quick building or for people who don't have the skill or patience to build the other way (also this has little customiseability because you can only build already saved in builds). The other way you have to spend some time to get the blocks excactly in place and when I try the drag tool I find myself missplacing a block and having to undo which gets rid of all the blocks in the drag even if some of them were correctly placed. I understand why some people get annoyed at this but they shouldn't complain because you need pacience to build in this option and if it annoys you and you complain maybe you should be using the quick build option.This game is quite fun but no way near polished. The amount of the map loaded in around you is not far at all and the quick vehicles like planes move quicker than the map loads in and it stops at the edge waiting for the map to load and it ruins the fun in flying because you are just accelerating then stopping then starting again... but although there are some problems I recommend this game to anyone who likes exploration games and also like the ability to build.p.s. anyone who likes lego or lego games will probably love it."
,Recommended,332310,17606317,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Berix,"Updated for August 24th Update!What I liked from what I played:-It's a Lego open world sandbox, that's basically a childhood dream come true!-The idea of exploring the world and finding stuff is improved now that you can explore underwater, and the slightly annoying mechanic that some NPCs and animals won't be added to your discoveries unless you give them a certain item from a chest, which gives more insentive to explore more than a few small areas for more chests.-Character customization is great. It encourages you to find more people because the more people you find, the more parts you can make your character with.-It's a really great looking game! The lighting effects are very good, and I like the little touches on the slopes to make them look like they do in real life.What I didn't like:-The system for brick-by-brick building isn't that improved from before. It's still very slow, and the camera is a bit iffy. Still hoping for a built-in LDD sort of thing like the old Lego Creator games did. I know you CAN import stuff from LDD, but it's not the most convient thing to switch from the game to that program.-I should have touched on this aspect in my original review, but the menu really should be changed so I don't have to keep scrolling though a bunch of things. This problem becomes a pain when you have a ton of props or minifigure parts.-I wish there were more ways to find the items NPCs want other than just chests, especially for thing like an apple or a bone.OVERALL: Searching the world for stuff is more enjoyable other than the one nitpick I mentioned before, but the current in-game building system is holding this back for me to fully enjoy it."
76561198112305397,Recommended,332310,29428542,Posted: 22 January,all,ben321,really good saves me buying lego all the time
76561198161479580,Not Recommended,332310,30407266,Posted: 9 March,all,MatsRC,"I played this game in early acces and I loved it, but I don't know what the hell happend to the open-world sandbox game that I loved. It used to be a really fun randomly generated world and now it's a ruined game. The missions feel like chores, it used to be just you and an awesome unexplored world full of surprises. It felt like a world with no rules, and it was great.When I started up V1 I said:"" Damn, what the hell happened to LEGO® Worlds?""Those following 45 minutes I said in my chair with a disgusted, bored and disappointed look on my face.I really, REALLY used to love this game.Shame on you developers, shame on you!"
76561198065896865,Recommended,332310,16216918,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Connor,"For an early access game, Lego Worlds sure shows a lot of promise!Each world you play is randomly generated and shows you where you spawn, but there is so much more of the world for you to discover. The worlds consist only of lego bricks - you can delete just about every brick and place most ""simple"" bricks (e.g. 2x4 bricks) in any colour you want, but no specialist bricks (e.g. flags) can be placed. Hopefully the ability to place these specialist bricks will come out in the near futureAs you play your Lego World, there are different objects, such as plants and cauldrons, that you unlock by paying in studs you can earn from destroying these objects, allowing them to be placed. Furthermore, there are npcs that you can unlock to play as, as well as using their clothes to create a custom character. There are also animals and vehicles that you can ride, which also must be unlockedThe camera is quite good when walking or riding around, but when building, it is not very precise, and difficult to line objects up. i have also encountered a glitch where shift+tabbing out stops me from moving the camera angle.Building in the game could possibly be a bit better, perhaps more akin to the controls of lego digital designer, and as mentioned before, the camera prevents accurate block placement in many instancesCurrently the game has no set objectives and also has little in the way of models and items. However, the current items and models are very detailed and useful, and I am sure that there will be hundreds of more exciting models that will be able to be placedUltimitely, the game has an array of exciting features and unique worlds, and is priced exceptionally well. Although some of the controls are a bit finicky, I am sure as the game develops further controls will be streamlinedThis game is definitely a good buy if you are interested in the world building genre, and obviously if you like LegoPros-Exciting and unique worlds-Great prebuilt models-Npcs that you can dress as-Vehicles and animals are fun-Movement controls are excellentCons-Camera can be a bit dodgy-Building is not always precise-Lacks a large amount of models and objects (but being early access there will be more added, so this point will be pointless in the near future)"
76561198176710469,Recommended,332310,32485146,Posted: 16 June,all,joshseest,"LEGO Worlds is an excellent game, and I have thoroughly enjoyed playing it. If you love LEGO, adventure, explosions, and colors, this game is for you. I was a little concerned about the game after it left early access because I'm not too wild about the campaign, but as soon as they added sandbox mode, this became a great game again. I highly recommend it."
76561198212881996,Recommended,332310,30413411,Posted: 9 March,all,Sgt.Bulldog,"It is one of the best lego games i have ever played i got it just after it was released into early access and it was so much fun then but now its out of early access and i can play it with friends (thats all i wanted :D) it is so much better including all of the new features they added.brilliant for people that love lego games,exploring,creating and random stuff9000/10 you will get no matter whator else...is it too good for you?"
76561198200031218,Recommended,332310,23029487,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,love4kaia,Its a good game money well spent. If you had had it when it first came out like me it was pretty laaaagggggyyyy but when they came out with update 5 they pretty much fixed everything.
,Recommended,332310,17217079,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,General Awesome,"Lego Worlds-Turned Into Sir Edmund Hillary-Skydived off Mt. Everest Into Nepal-Found Polar Bear, named Sir Snowy-Climb on Sir Snowy, proceed to punch other polar bears-Start Polar Bear World War 2-Escape on lone horse in Nepal-Horse runs to american west-Find outlaw-Duel at high noon-Cowgirl steals my trusty steed during duel10/10 would punch polar bear again"
,Recommended,332310,25702715,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Sacred Heart,Very easy to farm for chests if you go underwater. I like this game. They need to do more with it though. 10/10.
,Recommended,332310,16129323,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Sub,"This is pretty much the LEGO game we've all been waiting for. R.I.P Minecraft. Once the modders get hold of this it's going to be the next big thing for sure. Haven't played it much, but enough to know when they're on to something epic.LEGO Technics would be nice :) Especially all the powered stuff, gears and whatnot.. This truly is going to be amazing.If you like LEGO, you will LOVE this game, it's as simple as that."
,Recommended,332310,16252091,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Shphrd,"A refreshing take on the open world builder. It's charming, addictive, functional, and promising! If you love LEGO and want to relive the childhood wonder you had when creating with blocks then you have found your home.The best part about this game is that it doesn't try to minecraft. It is LEGO! Welcome!"
,Recommended,332310,16130248,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Silyl Ether,If you love the LEGO. Forget about the Minecraft and just buy this.THE TIME OF THE RISING DREAM OF THE REGO HAS BEGAN.
,Recommended,332310,25172215,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Vapofury,"First of all, this game is kid friendly and my nephews loves playing it with couch co-op, great idea guys but sometimes flawed. I havent came across this problem yet with the recent update but sometimes I got booted randomly from the game while one of my nehphew plays on the xbox 360 controler, the only way I could get back in is restarting the game again. Also I would like to be able to wield a sword and shield at the same time. making it more fun to play and making the shield expereince more useful."
76561198002571608,Recommended,332310,16178428,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,TheSuperMunchkin,"This is what I always hoped Minecraft would be. I spent far to much time just flying around on planes and eagles and exploring at the new lands that popped up. It was great!That being said, a few things I've noticed:If there a way to swim? There were a few times I really wanted to go down while in the water, but it wouldn't. Even when I found a submarine, the control guide didn't mention any way to actually, ya know, SUBMERGE.I can walk on/ navigate a sub on lava?The camera is REALLY annoying. Especially when trying to build things. It's hard to get your brick placement just right.There should be an option to quickly re-build structures when you, for instance, don't realize your new warlock figure has a fireball and you blow a giant hole in the side of corner tower of the castle you just spent the last 10 mins trying to get placed exactly correctly...Maybe some of these things already exist and I just wasn't finding the option. The various menus aren't very intuitive.I know a lot of that sounded negative, but this beta has only been out for a couple days and I'm confident these little gripes can be figured out before the full release."
,Recommended,332310,16122498,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Repzion,"This is a minecraft killer, granted it is still in alpha, but holy crap this game is SO much fun. The visuals, music, and fluid motion and easy to use interface is incredible, plus you can import your designs right from lego digital designer into the game world itself. I wish this wasn't singleplayer, the possiblity of this being online would one of the most fun games community wise ever."
,Recommended,332310,16224816,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Chosen Squirrel The Victorious,"Hello all!This game was worth my money and my time.The game could'vehad more gameplay mechanics,but I've recently read from the official wikithat some of the things I wanted we're in development, like being able tosubmerse into water and etc.I would really like to see you go into spacein the Millenium Falcon, go to the DeathStar, and (insert lego related content here).For sure this game would be truly amazing if it were out early access.I'm only afraid that people would start calling it gay like Minecraft or even a clone.Minecraft is fun sandbox I once played, but it gets boring over time aswell as anyother game.It did not deserve to get such a negative feedback (the same happend for FNAF).Lego Worlds may suffer the same faith too, and it has become a problem with the gamingindustry.I only wish good games like this  wouldn't recieve much negativity.Overall, what are you waiting for.Stop reading the reviews and dowhat you want to do with your money."
,Recommended,332310,31141081,Posted: 14 April,all,The Noodle Smuggler,Very fun very nice game however it's very clunky. They shouldn't have left early access as the game is not finished. I feel like it's a full product but it is so riddled with bugs that making it through the tutorial with a friend is seriously a chore. I give it a recommend becasue what I see I like but until it's fixed I don't think it's worth $30.
,Recommended,332310,16951764,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,heath,1 negative thing: cant kill the mixels
76561198124372612,Recommended,332310,32050775,Posted: 29 May,all,tightiewhiteys.exe,"I loved this game when I first got it, it gave you a sense of wonder and exploration that not many games today give you. I loved finding random stuff and experimenting with it to make new things to mess with. However, I feel like the full release version took that away from us. The game just givess you everything in a small world, and everything was dumbed down. I tried sandbox, but I didnt get the same effect as the beta. It is a good game, but it was better. If the people that had the beta could get a code to access the older version of the game, I would love it.I rated it a 9.5/10 back in early acess, but now it is a 7/10 for me."
76561198092275707,Recommended,332310,30369143,Posted: 7 March,all,Cyrus,"The new update expanded a whole lot on the adventure and exploration aspect, the goals and objectives are clear.Even though the target audience is also very clearly remonesent, i enjoyed itDoesn't matter who they were aiming for, it is still a lego game after allVery creative, brings back the whole lego universe aspect and i'm sure those players would relish this gameRecommended to the players who loved Lego universe and those sorts of genres"
76561198027552007,Recommended,332310,16198089,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Zaben Bae Jepsen,"The best game, I've ever played. I can play with LEGO's again and not feel bad. :D Definitley recommend. Like, I was thinkn what game Iwanted to play other than Fallout, then I bought this. I think I'm good with this for a long while. This is the LEGO game I've always wanted!"
,Recommended,332310,16537038,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,A very hot piece of Kek™,"Oh, my god..First a great lego movie that i've desired since i was a child and now THIS!?Things are looking bright for lego to translate in to other types of media, while this game so far doesn't offer much other than go around building, and bumping into stuff that gets added to your inventory it has lots and i mean LOTS of potential. Being able to build what ever you want without being restricted to normal square blocks, as you now have a huge variaty of bricks at your disposal.The developers have plans for multiplayer to be made for the game and when that happens it's well worth buying.Some things i have on a wishlist for this game to possibly do is the following:-More characters/vehiclesLet's face it. Lego have lots of variaties on characters, sets, creatures and landscapes and is perfect as a roleplay game where you can build yourself a community filled with friends and NPC's (Of course the multiplayer is needed for this)-Secrets and things to findThe world is huge, but mostly very empty, which sadly works against the great large landscape. Each 'biomes' comes with unique buildings you can find but these building are usually just limited to 1 thing. So don't work your hopes up on finding any tombs or secret caves or a lost city or a modern city-Better controlsI've always prefered the controler for lego games, mainly because they are ment as console games. The building in this game though really works better with a mouse though. So if they could maybe make the keyboard and mouse controls better so you could stick to just them i'd be happy. This is a very small thing though."
76561198089049256,Recommended,332310,16121767,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Maestromage,I bought this game. And it rivals Lego Universe as the greatest Lego game of all time. Those of you who played Lego universe know how great a compliment this is. For the rest of you:10/10 would ride a dragon again
76561198150577520,Recommended,332310,30695598,Posted: 23 March,all,Whion,"This game has a very odd charm to it and real reward that makes me keep going back to it over and over and over (it's a good game).So what is the game's objective? To become a Master Builder!But this is no easy feat! You must collect 100 bricks in order to get that far.In order to avoid the bore of simpling giving everything to you and have the game be a mega-grind to 100 bricks, the game has unlockables that can be achieved only at certain points. These unlockables are actually really damn useful. The camera is helped to get the right shots and the grapple helps me get out of deep caverns (which is all the time).There is no shortage of stuff to collect. I mean it. Also, you think you can just discover everything and be done? nope! The game has you interact with characters who have simple tasks or perform some feat to get a brick, set, money, or item to make it feel like an achievement. I feel like I actually earned most of these bricks (some of them were from chests underground) with hard work. Each character has something to get that another character can give to you so it connects everything.What is your reward for getting 100 lego bricks? Making your OWN worlds of grand sizes. Honestly, that is a kickass reward. If the game had simply given you all the unlockables and the ability to make worlds right at the beginning, it would've been an incredibly weak game. As it is now, it is awesome and I can't wait for future updates.However, one major gripe I have with this game is actually building. In order to build, you need to go into a menu, select another menu, select a tab, and pick a brick. This can severely hurt creativity and slows down the progress you can have."
,Recommended,332310,25482886,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Adamontus the Foreseer,"This game is quite fun. It's very much like other sandbox games (Terraria, etc.), but feels more like other Lego games (Star Wars, for example).You can collect studs in three varieties: Silver, Gold, and Blue - 10, 100, and 1,000 respectively. They can be found just about everywhere; in grass, trees, chests, etc.NPCS abound all over the place, and they often want some kind of item that you'll have to find a small box full of said item, a big chest that has some kind of weapon, or some kind of tree/plant to get said item. Once done, you'll unlock whatever is associated with the NPC, adding to the options you can choose to customize your character.In terms of vehicles, there are tons to choose from. Trucks, horses, helicopters, motorcycles... You can even ride on sharks and stingrays underwater.This game can also be played splitscreen if you have a controller or two. (Best played with a controller)It's always a lot of fun playing with more people, especially in a sandbox game like this.I should also note that the character you play as can climb literallyeverywhere. I'm not even joking. Flat walls that have no visible handholds in sight? Not a problem. Same thing with cave ceilings.Would I recommend this? Certainly, if you don't mind coming across a couple bugs. You can often clip through the ceiling of caves or buildings, for instance."
,Recommended,332310,34275934,Posted: 16 August,all,Butterbot,"kids, don't step on legos"
76561198070678604,Recommended,332310,23465414,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,XDave21,I Can say this game has Potential To being a Great game The machanics are Abit Buggy now and then but i believe this will make lots of people feel their childhood again but on a Computer
,Recommended,332310,16188028,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,[KAOS] Jon Wolfe,"A whole new world, brimming with potential. A few small issues, but hey, it's early access. See my video for an in-depth first look!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0xhXxK3ZGbA"
,Recommended,332310,17796619,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Penguins Are Neato (sick),Lego worlds is a game that's exactly what you think it is: Minecraft + Legos.PROS:-lots of stuff to collect-lots of biomes-Create anything you wantCONS:-A little buggy (because of early access)-Currently no multiplayer. (There is multiplayer now)Overall 8/10only bought this game for multiplayer.EDIT: They have announced Online Multiplayer!
,Recommended,332310,16186504,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Kusgras,this is the lego game we have all been waiting for!
,Not Recommended,332310,30029208,Posted: 19 February,all,Necrottermancer,Confusing building UI that works against you; exploration is fun but there are a lot of features that leave something to be desired.Not really worth picking up because you'll ultimately put it back down just as quickly.
,Recommended,332310,16564576,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Yogi,"i bought lego worlds, built my own town, then the polar bear population starts killing my nation, i quickly end that problem with the use of explosives, but accidently do more damage than the polar bears.11/10 would use explosives to end all problems again"
76561198201713085,Recommended,332310,19351611,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Clonard1,If you like creating and exploring then this is a game you will like. you can create anything you want. Some of the controls and gameplay items are hard to use or arn't as enjoyable but at least it can only get better. Your only limit is your imagination.
,Recommended,332310,16138135,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,[Arcturus],"Its early days at the moment.  But we have had great fun playing around exploring, building and generally messing about.  Could it be a successor to Minecraft?  Well, time will tell, but with the resources Lego have, I'm sure they will give it an awesome shot:)"
,Recommended,332310,20304233,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Luchlan,This game would be really great if it had multiplayer. But other than that this game is really great. If you like Terraria then you would definitly enjoy this
,Recommended,332310,16123833,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Cranky,That $15 sitting in your digital wallet? You don't need that.Use it to treat yourself to something great.
76561198078783074,Recommended,332310,31547976,Posted: 4 May,all,Teknikah,"I don't know why but I can't play this game for more than a few minutes at a time. It makes me feel so sick for some reason, the frame rate is fine and my FOV is maxed, but it still makes me feel sick and gives me a headache. :/But it is a fun little game, reliving the fun of building my terrible childhood LEGO creations."
76561198200314354,Recommended,332310,19296907,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,⎛Nate⎞,"This game continues to amaze me,the developers listens to the community, They've done a wonderful job.And with the release came so much wonderful content.There's so much to like about it:The world generation is incredible,The soundtrack it beautiful,The atmosphere is unbelievable,The progression system is brilliant,The animations are adorable,The interaction is hilarious,The models are lovely,But most importantly you can shoot badgers into the sky.But don't buy it with ""Lego Minecraft"" in mind because it's not."
,Recommended,332310,25128120,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Cheezix,"For every LEGO fan a must have! If you played with LEGO as a kid and you loved building things, but you often ran out of LEGO bricks this is your chance to finally let your dreams come true! This game engine supports massive amounts of LEGO bricks and provides almost unlimited options for building. But also it is fit for children who just want to explore and play with their favorite LEGO figures, animals, vehicles, weapons, etc. Truly the best LEGO game ever created!"
76561198086054825,Recommended,332310,25128278,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,atkins673,This game has some great ideas but practically it just doesn't work very well. Trying to build your own structure with mouse and keyboard is very difficult. While trying to line up a piece of wall you can slightly slip with the mouse and the wall ends up in the wrong place. This is especially frustrating for a seven year old boy whose mouse skills are limited.We also experience big problems with performance which for me is a show stopper. My PC is capable of playing TC:The Division and ROTTR on ultra yet every thirty seconds or so the screen locks up and stalls meaning playing LW is very frustrating. I know this is still in development so hopefully both of these issues will be addressed before final release. Please say there's a release date for this.........:)
76561198096863903,Recommended,332310,25131096,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,folderofpens,"Step 1, install gameStep 2, wander around aimlesslyStep 3, find a dragonStep 4, explore your BiomeThat's all I have managed to do so far (I haven't finished exploring that first Biome yet(15 hours and counting)). But this game is GREAT, and i finally have the hobby I have needed for so long.I am sure as I progress I will love it more and tell you all about my adventures, but for now, ""I have a DRAGON and so must fly"""
76561198066634665,Recommended,332310,16186149,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,=Rev= elucke,"English:The game is good and simple to play. There is a lot of potential in this game if there is continous imporvement. 3 things catch my atention: 1) there is no control settings; 2) after the 1st few character and vehicle discover, the cut scene becomes tiresome; 3) camera settings. The game, unfortunately, is limited to just one camera setting to move your character around, which makes harder to see inside the buildings. Same thing occurs while building block-by-block. They  should use the same concept of the old LEGO Creator camera.Disconsidering these observations, the game is very fun.Portuguese (BR):O jogo é bom e a jogabilidade bem simples. Há muito potencial neste jogo se houver o contínuo aprimoramento. Há 3 coisas que me chamaram ateção: 1) não há opção para alterar os controles; 2) após as primeiras descobertas de personagens e veículos, o corte para o vídeo fica cansativo; 3) opções de câmera. O jogo, infelizmente, se limita a apenas uma opção de câmera ao movimentar o avatar, dificultando explorar construções por dentro. A mesma coisa ocorre ao constuir bloco por bloco. Deveriam utilizar o mesmo conceito de câmera do antigo jogo LEGO Creator.Tirando essas observações, o jogo é bem divertido."
76561197961986738,Not Recommended,332310,16783188,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Mr. Fantastic.,"Should you or should you not buy this game? I may have voted it down but I want to say first before you make a judgement on that, that the game has an extreme amount of potential.As it stands the game life (without building things) is around one hour of time, in which you will get bored. Now the devs are adding more content on the 3rd of July (even though they said ""end of the month"" apparently the start of the next month is the same thing to them) with some underground caves. This should add, maybe another hours worth of entertainment.Unfortunately the Devs, while getting a content update out without about a month of release are focusing on the wrong things.The main feature of a game like Lego Worlds is that you get to build anything out of Lego! That sounds awesome right? Well, since the devs didn't feel the need to include all the blocks at release it makes building things nearly pointless. Why spend hundreds of hours building things out of blocks when more blocks will come in the future and ruin all your previous builds because by any new standard they will look sub-par?Not even the basics of windows and doors were included. Imagine building nice house with an open door but when the door is released (if they even do) you find out it will screw up your entire design?As much as I want to dive in and build something epic I know that when new blocks are added that I will want to rebuild whatever I built with something better.There's also been no exact details made by the devs about what they are going to do and when they are going to do it. Why buy a game this early with NO clue what the game will end up being like? It makes no logical sense.Here's the negatives that I can think of so far.1. No basic blocks like windows and doors.2. No advanced blocks, virtually no bits for decoration except premade props.3. A money system (studs) that's very easily abused making it completely pointless4. Night cycle is bad, it's not dark.5. There's no real lighting. Objects that light up put off no light. This makes potential for night time activities pointless. Why have night cycles at all if you don't have propper lighting?6. Physics don't effect vehicles. You're going down a hill full speed and going up it full speed, no difference.7. No multiplayer. Promissed at the release of the full game (whenever that is) and without ANY details of what it will entail.Essentially the only thing to do is build things, which would be worth it if it had all the blocks from the start, but not having them makes this game pointless.There are plenty of neat things with the game and it SCREAMS of potential, it could be light years better than MineCraft but without the Devs telling us their vision of what this game will be I say DO NOT BUY IT.Seriously Devs, how about you let us in on your vision of this game? Or don't you have any?"
,Not Recommended,332310,21912438,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Awpward,"This game is kinda disappointing. Bought it ages ago and progress has been pretty slow. Don't get me wrong it has potential, but other Early Access games seem tp pump out substantial updates quite quickly whereas this hasn't."
,Not Recommended,332310,30409720,Posted: 9 March,all,TheDankSteen,Totaly different then before (Make this last update a option) so we can play the creative sandbox
,Recommended,332310,16142343,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,PPK FS | S>Collector's Geisha,"Is it lacking in actual things to do right now? Absolutely. There's tons of content in the world; but other than exploring, driving/flying cars, dragons, and cows; and literally building with virtual Lego, there's not much else to do right now.I'm recommending it because:If this is early access done right, it could be amazing.If you want virtual lego, it's spot on."
,Recommended,332310,29552029,Posted: 28 January,all,Nvisium,"I really couldn't decide whether to recommend this game or not, I really have mixed feelings about it.I've been building withe LEGO as long as I can remember, from the little towns I built as a kid to the expensive Technic sets of today. As a huge fan of LEGO, I don't mind this game. The concept is amazing, and the fact that everything is made out of tiny LEGO pieces blows my mind. However, it didnt really turn out that great in practice.Pros:-It's LEGO-Cool Concept-OK graphics-Randomly generated worlds-Sandbox MechanicsCons:-Pretty much everything is unlocked in the beginning, giving you not much to do other than mess around.-Bad Interface-Run out of things to do quickly-Building brick-by-brick is slow-Few prebuilt designsHonestly, I can't really recommend this game to anyone who isn't very creative and gets bored easily. But if you are a huge LEGO fan like me, I highly recommend you at least give it a shot. I think you'll enjoy it."
,Recommended,332310,30391489,Posted: 8 March,all,blackX811 (CZ),"Great game, but I would add some things-trains (some classic from 9V era like set 4555 or 4563 and some newest), fully functional, that mean you can ride them or just be passanger (or they could be riden by AI/others AI characters)-4 player splitscreen (you know, if there is big family with more then one kid)-server browser-survival mode/story mode/some goals (even random generated) - updated:already done, but some survival mode like in Minecraft would be supreb (even like unlock thing)-workshop-better optimilization/better performence on weaker PC/laptops (still game is no so fast as it would be ideal)-customize of vehicles-stuffs from other Lego gamesUpdateAlhought some can say free big sandbox in early access was better, I think more narrow path of game, when you have to earn your progress and collectibles is more rewarding and that is, what I was missing before. It now almost feel like any other story Lego game. If authors will be still adding new bricks/models from older times/newer times, this game is going to be big ace.Also hate there isn´t any tracker which would you tell which quests you need to do in each world, how many are remaining, same for golden bricks"
76561198196297453,Recommended,332310,30301368,Posted: 3 March,all,pogginthedwarf,"I REALLY like this game. It has loads of potential, but it really needs to be filled out a little more. One of the features that really bugs me is the third person view that the game uses. Third person can be nice in some instances, but if this game had an optional first person mode, it would really make the game a lot more enjoyable for me, as well as many others, I'm sure. It also needs a more set-in-stone survival mode, that utlizes the weapons, tools, armor, and food to make the game more of a challenge. Possibly also using the studs in a crafting type system, so as to keep stud collecting a central part of the game.If this game took what people enjoy about other popular sandbox games, like Minecraft and Tareria, and combined that with what we all know, and love, as Lego, this game could be the next big thing.These are just a few basic ideas, but I think that implementing these features would improve the game so much.Great job, though, and keep up the good work!Thanks!Poggin"
,Recommended,332310,30708977,Posted: 24 March,all,Mr. Cup of Fail,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cJg9maMeE00&ab_channel=Mr.CupofFailFinally a big change from the same style of gameplay from the last TT LEGO Games. It's a great sandbox game.
76561198103804786,Recommended,332310,24188469,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,thesmelliestman,This game as it is needs some work. specifically with the camera system and textures. But other than that I'm super excited to see how this game turns out! It shows lots of promise
,Recommended,332310,29248219,Posted: 14 January,all,Subway For Kids,"An awesome sandbox world where you can build anything you want, and make cool friends. My first game."
76561198193489127,Recommended,332310,30398864,Posted: 8 March,all,SubmachineCpt,"*falls off island* AAAAAAAAAAAAAA*sees cave* OOOOOOHHHHH*chest is blocked by land, doesn't have landscape tool* NOOOOOOOOOOOO"
,Recommended,332310,35322710,Posted: 29 September,all,2rad4rio,Good game exept people don't get that lego only uses things that are liscened by lego so they hate the game if star wars or marvel or whatever isn't in it.Edit: Glad I played in Early Access because I can use br1ck5 if  you don't know what that is look it upit is a very useful cheat code.
,Recommended,332310,34892785,Posted: 11 September,all,wiinee_wizard,"An amazing game, would recomend.  but it is lacking some features I would like, like creating your own vehicle"
76561198118769950,Recommended,332310,16471597,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Haneral,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
76561198186874217,Not Recommended,332310,30391227,Posted: 8 March,all,FractalContinuum,"This game is completely different from how they started, what the hell were they thinking? Save your money, don't buy this."
76561198319149006,Recommended,332310,24762020,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,mcclean25960,If you like sandbox games and Lego this is the game for you
,Recommended,332310,16306565,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,fu k u,Cheapest Lego set you'll ever buy
76561198116291319,Recommended,332310,29665289,Posted: 3 February,all,Spawn,"love whats in the game. but now that i see its going out of early access i cant help but feel a little disappointed. if actual objectives arent implimented into the game then the developers need to focus on whats already there. which is the building aspect of the game. i used a program that used every lego part ever created. and this game is missing alot of it. if your going to go the route of minecraft you need something that is at least equavalent to there redstone and piston set up. if you added already lego created motors and pulleys and electronics it would make this game ten times better then minecraft would ever be. could you imagine creating your own vehicles in the game? the possibilities would be endless. i would pay for dlc with this implimented in a heartbeat. love whats been put into this game and have alot of respect for these developers. only lego game i would actually play. but i want this game to be so much bigger then it is. for the fans and the developers. please make a mechanism dlc. would help appeal to the adults and would give minecraft a run for its money. keeping my fingers crossed. btw the game runs great even using my intel potato chip. lol. if your having stability issues your using a old computer. and thats on you. im using a basic laptop not made for gaming and am having zero issues. glad to see you guys had planned ahead for porting this over to console. and to all the haters saying that this is a rip off of minecraft i have two things to say. 1.minecraft is a entire rip off of legos. not the other way around.2. i played with legos a long time before minecraft was a dirty thought in mojangs head. and i will be playing with legos for the rest of my life. can you say that about minecraft? you can only bash so many dirpy skeletons and exploding green d$%#s before you switch to creative. then once you have made piston clocks, and computers you will rely on fan made mods to keep the game fresh at all. and as for the controls. i used xpadder and had zero issues with the control scheme. you all sound like a bunch of babies. just saying"
76561198140855488,Not Recommended,332310,34110469,Posted: 8 August,all,EncryptedKitten,"The game was much better in early access. You could just go around and do whatever you wanted and try to find stuff IF YOU WANT TO. Now the only things in the game are quests, where you find stuff that you don't even care about finding, or sandbox mode, where there is no point in exploring. The current game cost more and is worse (Early access was $15 when I got it) and at the time when it was half the price it was MUCH better. At the current time this game is by far not worlth $30 or in my opinion $15, while the early access version I could see selling for $30 with more stuff in the game. It would be better if they would of kept the gameplay the same but just added more stuff. So I don't think this game is a good game at its current state while it was a good game in early access."
,Recommended,332310,31316601,Posted: 23 April,all,TrollipopperOP,"A fun game for messing around and building, but not something I'd see myself spending 100s of hours playing."
76561198135928815,Recommended,332310,23457612,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,ScorpionArmyRobert,"This game is so far the createst Lego game made, somethings I would like to be added are-Train lines + trains-The ability to build custom cars-Unique cities/bigger more advanced cities-Improved car and plane phyisics-Red bricks/cheat codesThats all so far hopfully thes aren't to difficult to add or are impossible to add"
,Recommended,332310,16197795,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,You Got Rory's BoyShorts!,today I...went skydiving as a yeti.rode a pig.tamed a fire-breathing dragon.punched an evil wizard to death with my bare hands.built a suburb of wild-west style houses.and met a random king in the middle of the woods.then killed him with my new pet dragon.today was a good day.10/10 would meet a random king again.
,Recommended,332310,16160339,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,「STARVING AFRICAN CHILD」,Everythingisawesome.
76561198169193692,Recommended,332310,26555078,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,[UK] Naneon,i love this game but it has the same problem as the original LEGO sets. IT. NEEDS. A. SYSTEM. maybe trains? CARS? CUSTOM TRAINS AND CARS? that would be cool.
,Recommended,332310,16192334,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ (Eclipse),">Spawn, from a skydive naturally>Find tower>Climb tower>Open chest>Find banana>Throw banana at skeleton>Kill skeleton11/10 would play again"
,Recommended,332310,16342650,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Orc,"A bunch of fun with a bit of exploring and a lot of building.   This is NOT currently a Minecraft killer or replacement. Stop reading now if you're looking for survival type gaming.     However, if you would like to have 5 kilotonnes of legos dropped on your front lawn and have unlimited building available to you... THIS is the game.There's a ton of potential within this game, can't wait to see wehere the developers take this game."
,Recommended,332310,16122534,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Mr. Pickles,>Sky dives like a bad♥♥♥♥♥into game>Finds horse>Jumps on horse and gets the most bad♥♥♥♥♥cutscene for horse>Finds skeleton>Beats the living hell out of skeleton>Becomes skeleton>Tries to live amongst the skeleton army>They shortly discover that I'm not their comrade>Skeletons attack>Runs until I find a dragon>Rides the ♥♥♥♥ out of the dragon>Finds sheep>Trades dragon for sheep>Decides to start a family>Builds the Lego Creator's house>Approaches lawn mower>Activates lawn mower>GET THE MOST BAD♥♥♥♥♥LAWN MOWER CUTSCENE>Laughs for days with friends1000/10 would mow lawn again
,Recommended,332310,16377425,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,LozzMan,"Now this might not compare to LEGO Dimensions, or it might be a whole lot better, but even for early access, I really enjoy this game. The maps/worlds are thoroughly detailed and really give a sense of enviroment to the game, but this is still in beta, so there's a few things that need some close attention. I can't really complain though, as it's only just being worked out, but one small bug/glitch is whenever you exit any world, you lose your hat or hair when you re-enter. Maybe it's just my laptop, I don't know. But if you are a fan of open-world LEGO adventures (which FINALLY has Lego trees, ground and water, instead of textured!), then this could be for you."
,Recommended,332310,17053825,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Anthony,"I was riding a horse, and I accidently hit a bear, and the horse ran into lava and died10/10 would cause a horse's death again"
76561198233232464,Recommended,332310,30425872,Posted: 10 March,all,Bobafett117,Great game! Love all the exploration that is entailed. The so much to explore and the possibilities are endless! Highly recommended to those who like explore and create.
,Recommended,332310,25135543,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,kingboy634,best lego game i have ever seen
,Recommended,332310,23737801,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Epic Dude,"Dear Tt, I haven't laughed like this in a long time.Dear Steam Users,Ok, I have no idea if the people writing these negative reviews either need everything spelled out for them, or are just bitter about their childhoods.That being said, this game is wonderful, and right now at $10.49 USD, it's more than worth it. Finally! A sandbox lego game in the vein of their other titles such as Marvel, Pirates of the Carribean, and Batman to name a few.What people are failing to realize, I assume, is that controls are (an option that is toggleable) listed in the bottom right, whether you are walking around or in a vehicle. Default button Q, which as of right now does not look to be changeable, gets you into a vehicle, and other items are interacted with via F or E, respectively, and it usually tells you down there in the bottom right which one does which. Sometimes you fight things, sometimes you wave at them.Moving close to pre-fabs ""unlocks"" them for purchase using the coins you might be familiar with from other Tt Lego titles. The way to do this is extremely easy, for opposite the help text in the bottom right is a menu button in the top left! Huzzah! It looks like many of the negative reviews, re: bad controls or nothing to do, could be alleviated by pressing this button. Here is where you select which mode you are in; Free roam, build, paint, etc. and where you can customize your character. There are pre-fabs that you can summon, some of which you must buy or discover, I am still exploring these options so not much help there. HOWEVER, I have discovered that regarding the ""no questing system"" that they must not have tried very hard. Items you might find around, like a green apple or a battle sword, have a corresponding NPC wandering around, a horse or king respectively, who will accept that item from you (Click their thought bubble with the appropriate item in your inventory, or maybe you need it equipped?) and you will unlock that character, an item, or a pre-fab.So far, I have been laughing like a child, I'm almost 30, and I can't wait to show this game to my daughter, as we already have metric sh*t tons of fun playing the other Lego Games which aren't anywhere NEAR as customizable or have the potential of this game.I look forward to what the future holds for this title and I hope Tt sees the potential masterpiece that this game can become. I am instantly reminded of the '97 Lego Island title of my childhood, but this is exponentially more fun!The negatives as I see them are obvious; It's an unpolished beta in early testing phases. The more you play it though, the more feedback Tt can get, and the more likely they will be to turn this into the great title I think, I KNOW, it can be."
76561198043843807,Recommended,332310,16753157,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Jimmy,The Drill/Car
,Not Recommended,332310,16194593,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,[Redacted],"Dispite me saying ""No"", it's not all that bad a start. I probably havn't played it enough, but i'll change this review when i get more into it.Even with that said, i'd still advise you to wait till they add more blocks and vehicles to the game and work out a few of the bugs.If you want to get into it now, you can think of it of an underdeveloped Minecraft + Roblox clone. Minecraft in the sense that you have a wilderness to run around in and Roblox in the sense that you can build everything with very small details... and with legos. And before you ask, No, there is no resource collecting and processing... if you don't count discovering foliage.I really hope they continue working on this game and don't drop it. It has the potential, dare i say it, to suck the kids out of Minecraft, as well as grown up Lego enthusiasts."
,Recommended,332310,30437809,Posted: 10 March,all,wunda,"This game did a total 180 since it was released on early access a while back. Originally it was an empty shell with no gameplay and nothing to do, but now it is a very solid game. There is so much to do and so much to see in the game with systems that complement it perfectly. I would warn you know Mouse and Keyboard is near unplayable for now, but the controller support and control layout is near perfect. It runs extremely well for what it is doing but can tank in some areas, when I was running a solid 144fps it was some of the smoothest game play I have seen. All of the content they have added is very well polished on top of all that, everything just works the way it should. I don't know how the end game content is but for what I have played so far it is well worth the money."
,Recommended,332310,16152925,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,[WCG] Andy,Well after years and years of people awaiting for lego to finally give us a building explorering game . They have brought this master piece the perfect mix between exploring and dynamic building. Must say when i first saw the lego sign i though o no another lego game then after watching the video i realised dreams were about to come true. Play time is probably gona reach over 500 hours for me :)    10/10
,Recommended,332310,30729348,Posted: 25 March,all,cbkirgan,"I love this game, always have, and the multiplayer is awesome, but I do wish that if you are not the host you got something, but that would make some problems, like if you have the dragon, and your friend doesn't, you could spawn one for them."
,Recommended,332310,16178720,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Flicker222,All I can say is i love this game!!!100/10 keep up the good work WB and LEGO!I look forward to seeing the development of this promising game!
76561197974642238,Not Recommended,332310,31330551,Posted: 23 April,all,OTGArkangel,"Great idea, has potential...Bugs bugs bugs then crash!  Overall - Frustratd!Alt-Tab out and resolution and window get messed up.Resolution gets kiced to 800 by 600.Cursor with tools gets bugged.Crashes often.Tools can be awkward to use.I thought this would be a fun game to share with my daughter however, she and I find ourselves more frustrated than enjoying the experience.It is a bummer that I cannot recommend this Lego game.Devs---- fix the bugs and crashing, resolve the performance issues too."
,Not Recommended,332310,30791266,Posted: 28 March,all,ChickenMobile,"As soon as I saw this game purchasable in beta - I was thinking ""Awesome! an official lego minecraft like game"" and promptly bought it. However playing it I was incredibly disappointed. This game is barely complete - and at times, frustrating especially when it came to controls.Like many, as a kid I was (and still am) a huge fan of lego - and my initial impression of this game was promising.Unfortunately the bad highly outweighs the good and is the reason why I wouldn't recommend it.TLDR: Concept good, controls and execution bad.THE GOOD1. Diversity of worlds, players, items and vehiclesDon't like the world you're on? Go to a lava world, a medieval world, a swamp world, or something else. There are always unique mini-structures, characters and animals to find. And because the worlds are auto-generated, each one had something different. One thing I did find awesome was the amount of animals and vehicles you could ride which ranged from a rowboat to a dragon - each with their own unique 'lego' animations.I was however, disappointed that you couldn't make your own vehicles (or at least I don't think you can).Players can also choose how they want to look by finding Lego peoples in different worlds. I thought this was a cute touch - and is a way to make your character unique online.2. Building customisationThere were many blocks to choose from which will allow for some interesting and creative structures (when unlocked). It is evident how awesome buildings can be just by walking around the worlds. And honestly this game is a lot cheaper than actually buying Lego blocks.THE BAD1. Lack of goalsThere were no missions of any sort in the beta, however it looks like the developers just plonked in a range of simple mission content given by Lego NPCs for release. At first this was fun to learn how to use different items, but then it just became repetitive for little reward or purpose, usually in the form of golden bricks or coins. Great coins! but you can collect coins by literally punching anything.This might change when playing with friends where building might be a higher priority - but I was just simply bored by the content provided.2. The controlsI'm not sure if this is the case for other platforms, but the controls are absolutely terrible for PC.Other than being glitchy, it was almost impossible to be precise with the tools. There were just too many tools and menus to get through - adding unnecessary complexity and time.The shortcuts were also very inconsistent (if there was any) - e.g. the put away button for items (down arrow) does not match the put away button for tools (c).The biggest concept of this game - 'building' - was way too hard to do!It seemed that the game encourages copying and pasting existing structures more than actually creating your own. I tried to make a simple house but gave up after the first wall because of how frustrating it is to get a block exactly in the position you want. The camera was everywhere, my character always ended up stuck in a wall or swimming in an ocean 200 metres away from where I was building and 'first person' mode doesn't exist in builder mode.Maybe it was the fact you had to right-click and drag the mouse to look anywhere - but it was just damn awful."
,Recommended,332310,16120728,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,AA,"As stupid as this sounds, LEGO Worlds is THE Lego game.  It is like having every single piece of Lego ever created right in the palm of your hand.  You are always mere clicks away from building castles, cottages and Wild West Saloons, as well as having the ability to build something one single Lego brick at a time - Which will take a lot of time and dedication.In the beginning you will be able to randomly generate a world that you would like to play in.  My world had a small forest that was home to cavemen and cavewomen, a desert biome that housed warlocks and vampires and one corner of the world was dark, it looked evil and was spewing lava. Once you have generated your own personal world, you will be able to skydive in, Just Cause style and just play with Lego.I was running around and constantly finding new and exciting things.  I came across horses, sheep, dogs, vampires, cavemen and women, skeletons, cars, bulldozers, boats, a swimming pool, snowmen, etc.  From the short time I have spent in the game, there is a lot here already for a Early Access title.The world renders every single individual lego brick.  That means, if you use the tools that the game gives you to edit the terrain as you see fit, you will find more lego bricks.  Take away a huge chunk of the world?  You will still find every single individual lego brick has been rendered underneath.  Unfortunately, this may be wear I began to have my only performance issue - I have experienced some pretty bad framerate issues, even when trying to mess around with the settings and lower quality (My PC should be able to handle this game at the highest anyway).  However, I give LEGO Worlds the benefit of the doubt as it has just released and is still in Early Access.One other weird issue: Pressing 'S' when In a vehicle does not put the vehicle in to reverse, the vehicle instead just goes in a circle until it is facing the opposite direction that it was before.  I suggest this is changed to the 'S' key reversing a vehicle. EDIT: THIS SEEMS TO ONLY BE WITH THE BULLDOZER VEHICLE.Nice audio with soothing music and fluid game animations are present.  You can really tell that LEGO Worlds has high production values and that TT and Warner Brothers are really backing this title.I believe that if this game gets the love and attention that it deserves, it could truly be a fantastic game.  With updates, patches and more content this could be great.  The game is fun right now with a lot to do, but more content in this type of game never goes to waste.I would also love to see some sort of survival mode - For example, like Minecraft.  Something where the player has to collect materials and resources to build shelter, mining tools, etc.  As well as harvesting food or something like that.  I believe that a survival mode along with this current creative, free roam mode that is in the game just now, would be incredible.If you enjoy sandbox games like Minecraft and of course Lego and also like to be creative and build your own world with it's own buildings and communities - You may have a great time with LEGO Worlds."
76561198188232515,Recommended,332310,34546174,Posted: 27 August,all,ateberga41,"Parents! Get this game for the kids. Great music (even some classical favourites). Unlimited possiblities. Our son and his friends love the game. This is the best LEGO game, educational, fun and ultra cool."
76561198292761628,Recommended,332310,26151580,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,光 Hikaru Exo-force 光,I find the controls very fiddly even with a controller. Still a great game never the less.
,Recommended,332310,23023328,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Mr.Cafe,Fun for abit then loses luster without friends around. I would very much like a multi player version of this game. Can not wait to see what else they add.
,Recommended,332310,30399213,Posted: 8 March,all,AShiftedPersonality,"I only bought this game yesterday about 2 hours before the new update, and i very nearly requested a refund because i found the early acces version to get a little boring after a while. However i decided to keep the game and update it. After the update i started to actually be able to get into the game and spend a considerable amount of time of non-stop playing the game.The first thing that i have really noticed in the reviews is that people are upset that supposedly the large worlds were completely removed, at first i could see why so many people were upset as that did seem to be the case, but it simply isn't. As you progress through the game and collect more gold bricks, your ship upgrades which allows you to go to progressively larger worlds. This idea was in my opinion a great idea as it introduces a sense of progrssion and actually gives the player an objective to work towards, while yes i do find it disappointing that you have to grind to unlock larger worlds and areas, the game is still fun (yet again- in my OPINION)."
,Not Recommended,332310,21675579,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Dariot,Very limited game. Might be fun to play with others but definitely not for solo play.
76561198177913841,Not Recommended,332310,21841590,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,zmonds,after years their ready to put it up for a full release but i think that it's still not ready because they are improving but the game it's still so boring to me and feels so incomplete but if you like the game then good for you but it's just my opinion and is just not worth the $15.(correction $30)
76561198012644063,Recommended,332310,22425267,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Quagtine,"This is a re-review of Lego worlds and let me tell you this is a very cautious recommendation.First of all, the good. The game is extremely fun and the developers have added minor tweaks and differences to how the game works since I last played it. I find myself hooked in just exploring the worlds and collecting new characters and items. I often find myself roleplaying a werewolf character during the night and a human during the day when he turns back. The game is basically super fun for people no matter how old they are and I would certainly recommend if you enjoy open world sandboxes and lego.Nonetheless this is a very cautious review because of the amount of things which are still glaringly wrong with it. Last time I commented that the camera angles of the games worked terribly with a controller and it had multithreading CPU issues, happily these things seem to have been ameded. The framerate is a little dodgy however and I won't tell you my specs but let's just say I'm running the best of the best at the moment so the issue certainly isn't hardware. I'm not a massive framerate snob but I think anything lower than 60 can be a little jarring for people who get simulation sickness. One more huge caveat emptor is that splitscreen multiplayer is glaringly broken. When I played this yesterday with my girlfriend I found the framerate to be poorer than usual and whenever either of us got into a vehicle it dipped to 10-15fps which is unplayable even by those who don't notice framerate dips as I do.I'll be keeping a close eye on this game because the devs seem to listen to the community in regards to controller support and performance issues, but I think this game has a bright future."
,Recommended,332310,29018939,Posted: 4 January,all,DiiDii,"LEGO games are usually good or trash, this is amazing"
,Recommended,332310,31247799,Posted: 19 April,all,Don,"Great game, especially for two people working together. Lots fo explore, lots to discover. I begin to think we've run out of content only to discover a new little biome or city, and even a new feature, such as dungeons. We still haven't found dragons or wizards, still working on the game ;).Highly recommended."
76561198121868320,Not Recommended,332310,23596794,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Shinyfish,"Bought this game during the e3 promotion and because of the new multiplayer. Played about 10 minutes and was already annoyed with it. Oh and by the way, after trying multiplayer, it doesn't even work, both me and a friend tried joining each others game and nothing happened.Pros:Interesting places to exploreDecent building modeLegosCons:Horrible UIGraphics settings reset every time I open the gameNot much to do right nowHorrible controlsHorrible CameraNo crafting systemNo tutorial (It's not that hard to learn, but would be nice to have like a starter tutorial.)Many bugsOverall, I'll probably keep this game instead of returning it because I think it has the potential to fix most of this eventually. I'll try playing with friends and maybe it'll be bearable."
,Not Recommended,332310,30741286,Posted: 25 March,all,Sporeo,"Disappointing considering how much I've enjoyed previous LEGO games. This one was frustrating from the beginning. Bugs and a very badly designed User Interface, as well as controller AND keyboard setup.My mouse gets stuck in the top left quarter of the screen when in the menus. Tabbing out of the game causes this to happen if I use a controller instead.Often times the main item - the discovery tool - causes a bug where you are stuck with it and the only way out is to 'skydive' because of being stuck. The fact that they put a quick access to that should say enough.90% of the graphic settings aren't even found on the main menu; after you begin a game, you can then fine tune a bunch of other settings. That said, on a gaming rig you'd think it wouldn't matter but I was suprised with how much frustration it took to setup the game so it didn't look horrible on my screen.This game feels surprisingly outdated for its time. The 'quest/node' markers leave you wondering what the different colours mean because there is zero explanation. The only one I know for sure is that my spaceship is the white one.The building aspect is a strain. One brick at a time... Even roofs! And I'm sorry, but I'm not about to build some NPCs complete house from scratch when that's the case."
76561198149097503,Recommended,332310,28735417,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,mmassi,4 and 5 year old loves this
76561198028191311,Recommended,332310,24259104,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Főnix,"I love this game! WARNING: NOT A SURVIVAL GAME! This is for the creative players who likes build, explore and discover and MORE build. So the real LEGO GAME! Boring????? NOOOOOOO!!!! Just its not a survival action game! Thats it!"
76561198136539750,Recommended,332310,25041132,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Blacksmiff,"My Faast and Dirty ReviewDo I Like the Game? Yes. It does a bunch of cool stuff, in fact its very, Very cool.Does it feel like a Lego Game? Yes and No.Pros:Split screeninfinite worldsinfinite building optionsTONS of contentNice cntrolsQuasi-Quests (if you want characters, fulfil requirements)Cons:Taking the Lego License TOO literal:1. Weird plastic look on landscapes and water2. expected textures at least on Landscapes to mimic other lego licensed games which blend models and legos closely, instead, it looks really strange..... Landscapes are well done, but maybe texturelandscape items, and we can build with collected untextured blocks.3. When I was young Legos were toy representations of real life....so we put them in real water. Real water please.4. the asthetic really takes away from the awesome game at hand, its hard to look at for too long, honsetly. My main gripes being the lack of textured landscape and water really hurts the look of the game. We play games with toys in reality infused, not games that mimic toys look to a fault.5.No building vehicles?6. The game, though teeming with life is cold, because of the plastic feel.7. No Hunger mechanic? I mean you have foods and stuff. can we at least have a reason to find food?the game is fun. the time spent was over a few plays, each time bugging me how icy and cold the game looked. The textures dont have to be perfect, just remover the glare, and make dirt look like dirt.keep the blocky look, just texture it. a plastic lego home is fine.Final score 8/10 as is. but if the look persists, I have to give it a 6/10, because I cant stand having a game I cant stand to look at lol.this is no slight on the devs, they pulled off a lego Minecraft type game with tons to do. but... the look is a turn off.Get it to support development, You get a lot of Game."
,Recommended,332310,16118062,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,SomeT,"Good game, I like the graphics and gameplay aspects of it. Although Early access in mind, I hope they do add more stuff to the game over time as I found myself getting bored by this time. 10/10"
,Recommended,332310,19399480,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,bubbawannabet,Makes you wish elephants could swim. Really hard.
,Recommended,332310,23028284,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Zgamer100,"Fun game with lots of potential. However, optimization for laptops and lower end hardware would be nice."
,Not Recommended,332310,30904588,Posted: 2 April,all,Shane,"Online multiplayer is a joke. You can join a friends game, but any progress made only counts towards their progress, you cannot get or bring any progress of your own into it, as such, the only benefit of having another copy of the game to play with your friends is the ability to to not play splitscreen. Which kinda sucks as when in your friends world, you are waiting for them to move to another planet, leaving you confined to an area that may already be explored.Anyways, seem's like a perfectly competant game if you like these sorts of game's in single player."
76561198180905782,Recommended,332310,29513883,Posted: 26 January,all,Daz Dillinger,"very good game, but gets boring after a will, but still is a good game."
76561198045305547,Not Recommended,332310,30411580,Posted: 9 March,all,Nisipu',It was Minecraft but much better. Now it's just No Man's Sky lego version but much worse.
,Recommended,332310,16341789,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Firus!,"It's amazing and feels like your building a set. And the best in my opinion, and you can even build some stuff!"
76561197976909905,Recommended,332310,16752138,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Didaskalos,"I played LEGO(R) Worlds for about 2 hours straight upon first download.  The graphics are delightful with fun lighting, motion blur, and shadows.  It was fun to attack everything, ride everything, drill holes, explore new biomes, and build a few kits.  Then what?  It's sandbox, but it seems pretty limited for $15 of early access.  I did not yet try to build my own things out of stock parts so I have no info there.  Some things I'd like to see is a path to acquire more kits (which I assume is in the works) and a world map.  Getting lost sucks.  If you are indestructable to falling and drowning, then a persistant world map with waypoints is not a huge suspension of disbelief.  The driving controls could be simplified for keyboard and mouse.  There were times when 'W' and 'S' both made me go backwards.  I'll give it a tentative thumbs up because it's LEGO(R) and has potential, but I'm still waiting for my $15 worth."
76561198035561313,Recommended,332310,16123276,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Knoxklay11,"Oh if this existed when I was a kid, I wouldve forgotten what the sun looked like.  you can build whatever you want wherever you want. you can create your own lego world with the click of a mouse button. as you explore the world, you find more pre-made models you can use when you build and even different avatars you can use as your own or you can make one yourself. the game is in very very early access and does have its flaws, the major one for me being the camera. when you walk into a building your camera doesn't follow where you're facing so it is easy to get lost in large buildings or small rooms. you rotate the camera by holding the right mouse button but its very slow and just makes you wish there was a better way. perhaps one day theyll make an optional first person camera mode. all in all, a really fun game even now. definitely one to consider getting, especially if you were a hardcore lego fan growing up as i was."
,Recommended,332310,16148592,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Cyka McBlyat,"In it's current state, it's unoptimized even on my high end machine, the camera is funky and placing bricks can be a bit of a pain.But,In it's current state, you are paying $15 for what amounts to infinite Legos, randomly generated worlds, and basically a less picky Minecraft.  Less time slowly and repetitively manually placing blocks to build something small, and more time building  what you want.Buy this."
76561198027861713,Recommended,332310,30305291,Posted: 3 March,all,Zombie99X,"This is a great game to spend some time in, a lego world with cars, animals and people, even dragons!"
76561198082331987,Recommended,332310,16918009,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,|A.C.A.B| ᶠᶸᶜᵏ1мм|HonnY,it is a great game i realy liked it but i am waiting for multiplayer so i can play with my friends but overall it is a really good game
,Recommended,332310,33420239,Posted: 9 July,all,NEIKEION,"A lot of fun, an incredible game that doesn't seem to end (until, well, you kind of finish the main ""Golden bricks"" collecting which is a little sad).The UI might not be the best thing ever, as well as the overall controlling, as it can feel clunky at times but this game is full of content and stuff to do; I remember spending countless hours making my own racetracks by terraforming, and playing on them with the different vehicles I collected was just so natural, finding new biomes and structures for the first time is always the best part, knowing there is so much left to do, the curiosity fuels the entire purpose of LEGO Worlds.The only major downsides are how finding chests, which contain new, sometimes essential items and stuff is more of a grind instead of an actual adventure, the other problem is the rather complicated building, it's just not easy, at least not the brick by brick way, so whenever I got asked to build a house for an NPC I just spammed the ""place brick"" button until the objective was met. Don't get me wrong though, when it comes to exploring and finding creatures it really gives some sense of accomplishment, when you get to a place you have never been, or when you see a character you want to be, you actually feel good about it.There are countless good things about this game, and I surely don't want to spoil anything but the game is awesome, and maybe not perfect, but it surely occupies a place in my LEGO heart as all the animals and characters are just so unique and charming in their own ways (Don't ask me why but the pigs in particular are somehow very cute).Beautiful game with acceptable flaws."
,Recommended,332310,16225643,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Rotzlöffel,"The game is for a start pretty good. There is much potential to make this game very succsessfull. Im interested where this is going. I'd like to play this as an RPG game with quest and lvl system. Simply that what mincraft doesn't have.The graphic is very good. It uses all the standarts of the modern game. In some parts it might getting laggy due the constructions of the world but bisides that, everything works fluently.The world is built very beautiefull already. Hills, Mountains, valleys and jungles impressing me each time again. Also some Dungeons are included.The building tool is a little hard to control. Mostly the camera looks in the wrong direction or the figure covers your working place. In addition its pretty hard to build a house from scratch. You have to build everything brick by brick. Some copy helpings and maybe a grid would be VERY usefull. But since its an early access game its okay.In conclusion its allready a nice game with funny jokes and tools. Its definetly a game to take a look on."
76561198048021817,Recommended,332310,16395557,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Urnienator,"I just started playing but there are a couple of things that I would like to see. First of all the world should be way bigger and have more things to explore. Second I want to put interior in my own house so that would be something to add (stuff like chairs, beds, tables etc. Third i would like to have a button that removes just 1 block and not a hard clicking delete button like it has now. Overal I love the game and I cant wait what the future will hold. Oh yeah and maybe at the lego star wars, harry potter, etc inside the game for more fun and epic battles in game :P"
76561198042083399,Recommended,332310,16121422,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,FizzyPixels,"I rode a goat into a volcano as a bearded skeleton with a sexy dress.11/10...But seriously this game is off to a great start.I had fun exploring and finding new things and places, but it lacks multiplayer, a survival mode,more Lego pieces to build with, and the building controls and the menus are very clunky.Overall its not worth it right now.I say you should wait for more content to be released."
,Recommended,332310,16133402,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Ant1Pr0,"this game is awesome. i think this game will be better if we can create our own vehicle. and make the world infinite like minecraft  so we needn't to change to another world.and please add more vehicle,houses and more brick thx..."
76561198044720321,Recommended,332310,16180385,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Mixitupboo,"This game is phenomenal!  I would do a pro's and con's list except the only con would be my inability to play it 24/7!Is it a Minecraft killer?  No, it is not a Minecraft killer as the two games are conceptually different and comparing them would end up being skewed in one direction or another.  I think instead of comparing it to existing sandbox voxel-esque games, people should realize that this is much, much more than a lego Minecraft.  This game is a gorgeous canvas ready to be painted upon by the blocky artists that we represent.  This game finally delivers what many of us have been dreaming of since we were children~an endless lego box."
,Recommended,332310,30434230,Posted: 10 March,all,Ik,"Possibly one of the best games let alone the best lego game.I don't understand why people have been hating on this. This is the game every lego fan has been waiting for. It's not just replaying the story of some other movie or something, you can do anything.I do recommend they do add some new stuff to do, not just the current quest system, but something else. I think that's pretty much it."
76561198215247683,Recommended,332310,31128555,Posted: 13 April,all,dwmarks2000,"Let me start right off.There are lots of negative reviews out there on how bad the controlls are.The pc controls stink, but if you go and buy an offbrand xbox controller for 10 bucks the controls are great.Don't play this excpecting minecraft, play it excpecting a lego game.Building is slower than in minecraft. This is caused by the greater versitality of building. You have greater movement while building, there are more blocks, there are more colors, more of everything.The beginning is a bit tedious but once you power through the beginning the game really comes out. You don't just start out with every building block in the game like in creative minecraft, but if you use the code BR1CK5 you will have every building block in the game or you can play in sandbox mode.Other people complain about bugs. This game does have bugs yes but it just recently came out of beta so wait about a year and then buy it.(If you don't like a little bit of bugs)You might have to turn the graphics down because they may lag your computer alot of people have problems. Try to watch out for lava as it is my main laging problem.I personally love the game and think it is probably the best lego game I have played (I mean think about it, it is the FIRST Lego game to be like playing with legos).Have fun!"
76561198016619679,Recommended,332310,30760583,Posted: 26 March,all,4th worst player on my team,"Fun little explore'n'build game.  Beginning worlds are really small and quests are repetitive, but game does open up as you advance.  The medium worlds really start to show the potential of the game and give you access to more of the parts and models.interface and controls leave something to be desired.  Game is designed for game pad, so you end up with lot of functions all bound to same input.  You will occasionally have trouble completing actions you want (like entering vehicle when you want to collect an object as both use same input).   It is a minor annoyance.  Building and placing models suffers especially.  Getting something just where you want it can be frustrating.Minor bugs throughout.   Objects or ground will be missing.  Occasionally it will be impossible to open a chest or interact with NPCs no matter how many times you try."
,Recommended,332310,30411776,Posted: 9 March,all,Doom Cookie,"A lot of people are upset with the structure that the release brought to the game. While I sympathize with them, and agree that the game should at least have an option to skip to the big, glorious, free-form sandbox game the Beta was, I still think the current game is far superior to the sandbox.The thing that drew me to this game was the idea of exploration. Exploration just for the sake of exploration is a very difficult thing to nail down for a game (look at No Man's Sky), but this game does it incredibly well. Running around the worlds, finding chests, and opening them is incredibly satisfying, and there is such a ridiculous amount of stuff to find. And if the things you find aren't useful, they are certainly fun. I found all kinds of instruments, which I can play while walking; I found weapons and bombs that dispatch enemies and landscape with ease, and the explosions are pure joy to look at; I found a paintball gun that splats random colors wherever I shoot it, including painting the enemies; and there's so much more. As you explore the different ""Worlds,"" which are varying sizes of square lands, you find more and more stuff, which in turn you can deploy whenever you like. You can make a zoo, for instance, with all the kinds of animals you found.Currently, the point of contention is that the game originally restricts you to very small worlds; the first 3 ""starter worlds"" that teach you how to play are miniscule, and the next few ""small worlds"" you get aren't a whole lot larger, containing only a single biome. You unlock larger worlds by exploring and doing quests to obtain gold bricks, which are just a way of tracking general progress in the game. You can get all the gold bricks you need just by exploring, or just by doing quests, so you're not restricted to one playstyle. The downside is, of course, that you are now limited in terms of building, if that's all you want to do.However, in my opinion, this is so much better. Being able to build an airbase filled with planes that I had to find and discover or populating a town I just made with the kinds of people I helped out with quests is infinitely more satisfying than just plopping down anything and everything I wanted without having to work for it. In a sense, the part of the game that initially forces you into exploring and questing makes it so that when you do get around to building, you'll be building out of a collection of trophies for your adventure. An entire city you make will be the result and evidence of awesome adventures you had, which is way more satisfying than it would be if you were allowed to plop it down for free.Now, I do think they should have a purely free sandbox mode, and a mode where you can make infinite worlds from the get-go without having to build your way up to it. I completely agree with that. However, I don't think the game is that hurt from the lack of those features, and I myself would probably never do either of them. Much like creative mode in Minecraft, it'd certainly be good if you want to just build, but it'd be much less fun or satisfying to sit back, look at your work, and feel accomplished.Edit: They've added Sandbox Mode, which pretty much does that. It's nice they put it there as an option, but I still think the Adventure Mode is more enjoyable unless you strictly want to build.The way the game is currently set up, I feel like a Lego man exploring a galaxy, and gathering up everything I've found - animals, Lego people, buildings, brick types, decoration, etc - in my own little utopia that I've built, and that is an incredible experience that I'd completely miss if I had a purely free sandbox or access to infinite worlds right at the start."
,Recommended,332310,20707320,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Deika,"A while back I made a review on this game and what my thoughts were on this.  It didn't go well, so now I'm improving my review since there a lot of big changes let's start off with the good stuff:First off I will say that I love the narrator in this game.  His voice gives me the impression that I'm listening to Vitrivius (I think that's how you spell his name) from the LEGO Movie played by Morgan Freeman.  I can understand the beams of light and what they indicate and how far you are.  The music has improved, from the early access all I heard was one piece of music looping over and over which was pretty annoying, but when I went to a dessert desert biome I heard pretty cutesy music, when I went to a spooky land I heard music that felt pretty spooky.  There are also dungeons in the game, it's pretty fun to go into dungeons and look for cool items such as a lava gun or a megazooka.  Another good thing about this game is that you can find cities to go around either say hello to people or cause mayhem like as if you're playing a grand theft auto game but for big boys.  They add multiplayer at last whether it would be split screen or online.  They also added some hidden easter eggs such as finding giant golden lego pieces.  The effects whether it would be laser beams or explosions have a lego look to it, which is a very nice touch to the game.  It's got a lot of weapons and tools to play around with, it's got a lot of vehicles and animals to ride on.  There's first person view which is very useful while playing because sometimes in thirdperson the camera is not good.Right now that I have covered the good stuff, I want to talk about the bad stuff.  I don't want to cover the bad stuff but I really have to, I'm sorry :(.  So where do I start for the bad stuff about this game:Well on start when you first play this game, all the pieces for the build tool are locked and you have to find them in chests, I tried using the codes to unlock all the pieces but it doesn't register which is pretty sad for me maybe I'm doing something wrong :(.  Another thing I don't like about this game is the troublemaker.  I get pretty annoyed I hear the sound effect to indicate that a troublemaker has spawned, it makes me wish i could kill it which i can't... unless if you shoot acid under it then it dies (I hope, please don't update this game to make it that you can't kill with acid.).  The Ai is sometimes buggy, but it's not a big deal though so moving on.  Unlocking characters is pretty repetitive in my opinion, if you want to unlock characters you have to complete quests that they give to you.  That may sound easy but it isn't you have to find the specific character that has a quest avalible for you to do, also the ghost character is not playable WHICH IS UNACCEPTABLE!!!  The controls on pc aren't good in my opinion which is why I stick to myself to an xbox controller.  The game also has a few bug problems for example, I was in a dungeon climbing up and then all of a sudden I was up on land.  And lastly, when you want to do some building, you're not hovering (or noclipping) like you were in Early Access and that can be a problem sometimes.And now we move to the conclusion:The game is alright, a good way to kill time if you're ever board.  It's better than no man's sky that's for sure.  You get to build stuff, blow up buildings on a dragon or a flaming monster from a failed cartoon network show.  I would say if you like legos and you want to build stuff with legos... Just get an actual lego set... or this"
76561198022182244,Recommended,332310,16122031,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Rogred,A great game for the whole family! 10/10 LEGO Yetis
,Not Recommended,332310,23837891,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Arkelia,"Just no.The game is hightly unfinished/unpolished, lots of bugs, lots of bad design choices...Tedious quest mecanics.The game will be fun for a few hours.Mainly because the game is beautiful, so you want to explore and discover new things!But the game is just a big grind of collectibles. I can't say the game lacks content. It obviously doesn't.The big plus is that you can use every single piece of bricks available in game to make your own build.Then it gets dirty:- Once you finish the tutorial every world is randomized. If it's fun at first, you'll quickly find yourself stuck in unlock progression. You'll have to try your luck a lot before finding the last bits you miss... Very frustrating and tedious.- Some quests will require you to fight. Alas, the auto aim is very bad, and you'll find yourself hitting a useless prop instead of the menacing troll in front of you. Frustrating.- The more you generate worlds to find your last unlocks, the more you'll encounter bugs: quests that you won't be able to finish, weird world generations (overlapping biomes, with wierd holes, underwater terrain suffers a lot from this too...), glitches with the UI...- The game is overall very bad at explaining you things. Sometimes you'll find a green dot to help you spot a quest. Once at the spot: nothing, no quest, the NPC won't talk to you.With all the bugs around you'll think it's just one more bugs. Nope.It's just how the quest system works. You'll need to find and finish another random quest before being able to see this one. And how do you know this? You don't. You read it on the forum once you're frustrated enough because you can't unlock that damn quest and you don't know what to do after 50h running around.That's just one example.- You'll want to build stuff because it's LEGO! Well you'll need a lot of patience:The UI is very overwhelming, sometimes buggy, and not user friendly at all. Oh and you'll find bugs everywhere with the different tools. Though they might have fixed most of them since release...But anyway, the UI is unfriendly, the building system is complex, and without a lot of time and patience you won't build a lot more than a simple dog house. It's a shame because you can really build a lot of stuff. It's THE strong point of the game that maybe 2% of the players will enjoy, because of lack of accessibility.- First person camera is ugly if you play with a mouse/keyboard... Not much to say on this point. I just can't understand that today a game can't manage correctly a first person view.- You can't rebind keys.Minor point you'll think, but it's one more accessibility problem that the game won't address.I have lots of hours on this game. I used to love this game.I bought it at the very beginning of early access: discoveries weren't as tedious as it is right now (there wasn't as many as there is right now too to be honest).I spent hundreds of hours building my own western island and had a lot of fun even with the few bugs and glitches here and there. Then I got fed up with all the new bugs, glitches and the awful unfriendly UI, I stopped playing until the full release.The game was very different, I didn't mind it. But it's still full of bugs and glitches... To be fair, they fixed some but with each patch and each updates new bugs and glitches appear that take weeks or months to get fix.Don't lose your time and money on this game.A real disapointment for me."
76561197992921437,Recommended,332310,30502727,Posted: 13 March,all,PetJedi,"After only a little bit more than one hour of gameplay, I can recommend this game without any doubt!It's a very long time since I had so much fun playing a game! Everything is smooth, the worlds are looking great, It is very easy to collect the golden bricks to advance your journey through the Lego universe. Everything you scan with your scanner cannon is also available in every other world. You can ride horses and use other vehicles standing around.Even though I didn't try the building stage yet, I can say it is fun for young and old. In a PC games sector where buggy beta version are sold as final products LEGO worlds shines bright and is really worth its money!"
,Recommended,332310,16504586,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Jambers,"I thought this would be quite a bad game, considering the average play time is 4 hours, but no. Once I realised that you could build Mcdonalds, I realised this game was good."
76561198060935354,Recommended,332310,16363247,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,KingDwarf25,I thougt the game would be funny. Turned out to be even funnier.1. Get into the game.2. Nice music was playing.3. Looked at lava.4. Jumped in lava.5. Killed wizzard.6. Became wizzard.7. Shoots fireballs at everything.8. Get on dragon.9. Jumped of dragon.10. Skydived into lava.12/10 Would play again.Tip for the Developers.- Add multiplier XD
,Recommended,332310,16130280,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Morb - Achievementmode,I have no idea what I'm doing but I'm flying a dragon shooting fireballs that blows holes in the ground.Where is your God now?
,Recommended,332310,20102631,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,❤Lancelot❤,"This game is better than Minecraft, and this is comming from a 17 year old male who is turning 18 soon.This game has planes, cars,boats, guns, and has octopuses on clouds?, what more is there to say.(I kinda wish there was a multipayer so 5 of my friends and I can build pixel art and other things of that nature)"
76561198083373954,Recommended,332310,30394305,Posted: 8 March,all,computerchy,"i liked the game now more than early access  times , its have progression and path line to pass instead of boringly exploring without real mission to do , some people liked the previous game versions , it was free and open sbuilding style game , who dislikes the current version are willing to freedom of building and creating stuff they are liked , whats is the different now that is the contents of the game are locked and ou have to discover them , actually it was similar , but what happened its turned to be more grindy , they add stuff that won't let you to travel all places to discover eveything at once , the game world in early access was like 1 piece of ground mixed with multiple biomes , but what happened now this ground it looks like  had shattered into pieces as each biome or scene = 1 piece , infact i didn't discovered whole biomes yet as long as this game is recently changes i didn't have time to explore it whole yet , but there are some advatages of this they add quests to do so there are things to do instead of just exploring and bulding which it is ( on my openion ) kills the boredom and can have some fun , but feeling sorry for people who disliked it and need more freedom , i hope for them if the game devs make something like creative mode of this game which opens everything but at same time its isolated and bring back the old world to the creative mode and  doesn't affect at other game mode as like the current one"
76561198357013921,Recommended,332310,30499786,Posted: 13 March,all,boomheadshot21,"so first off, I reccomend this game to anyone who likes legos and is creative. you can build brick by brick, use terrain build, or summon in whole builds at once (kind of). what i really like is the fact that you need to find some things to build them, like cars. you also have to find items. but overall great game i give a 10 out of 10 rating, but it costs a lot."
,Recommended,332310,16806018,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Shmee150,AWESOME GAME 10/10 PLY IT IT`S AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,332310,16119894,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Sent1nal,"Very Promising!This game looks great so far (especially on 4k) The gameplay is fun and there are endless creative options.It's so LEGO which makes it great and brings back nostalgia. Imagine this all with multiplayer and it would be great fun.My friend would say that this game suffers from ""Consolitis"" the controlls are absolutely horrific for a real PC gamer.It's inviting you strongly to play with a controller.. eeew! even that word. This could ruin the whole experience, it needs a first person view to make it stand out, it feels like the other LEGO games that are aimed for consoles that my kids play.. clunky.If they will create an option to change the view/controls this will be a definite winner and last long, maybe it could measure itself with Minecraft at some point. If not it will slowly fade away as just another LEGO game.It stands out very well as being LEGO and not just like LEGO Minecraft, it keeps it's own distinguished charms (no.. the abysmal controls and 3rd person view are not part of that) The game is too cheap, please take my money to better the game.. the price needs to double at least. I can't wait to see how this game will grow and evolve.I so hope that the minecraft view/controlls will be followed, unless we PC gamers are just a guinea pig start for the consoles out there..Either way I will most likely buy it for my kids, it would be fun to play it with them. And YOU should surely buy this game....its the price of a movie ticket or 2 drinks in a club!"
,Recommended,332310,16249231,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Hellbinn,"I think this game was made pretty well, and cant wait to see it get fleshed out out over the development."
,Recommended,332310,16149379,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,PestilenZ,"-Swam to the Arctic-Saw a Yeti slay a husky dog-Got sad, built a giant ice fortress of solitude-Started Yeti genocide to avenge my lost fluffy friend-RIP husky, never forget"
76561198004901055,Recommended,332310,30444535,Posted: 11 March,all,Farty,"Very enjoyable to play with my daughters. Your creativity is the only boundary in Lego Worlds!+ easy to play -> quickly understandable for children (with xboxgp)+ huge aestathic improvement over games like Minecraft (I love the glossy lighting)+ good fps-performance+ well designed biomes and a nice amount of incentive exploration.+ creative and appealing presentation overall- Music is nice, but get's rather stale after a bit of building/wandering in the same biome.- No single Steam-account coop via network possible (But that's possibly just a personal gripe)"
,Recommended,332310,18781033,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,vote yes!,100% worth every cent. It has its problems and bugs like other games but I would still definitely recommend!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,332310,33704709,Posted: 21 July,all,ZachOWott_,"Lego Worlds is a fun open world sandbox game set in the lego universe where you can travel to different worlds and discover hundreds of objects, vehicles, animals, minifigures, and brick builds. There are tons of things to explore and build and it is overall a great game!"
76561197974458082,Recommended,332310,19451897,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,fox,Best Lego Game Ever!!!!! BUY and support them. Ive been playing this for 2 years now and the game has gotten better and better each update. i hope to see more dlc thats affordable.  worth buying if youre a lego fan.
,Recommended,332310,30380707,Posted: 7 March,all,Kobura v4.0,"HUGE Lego fan all my life, even as an adult I have a number of sets to calm my weary soul after a ridiculous workday.I started playing this in the beta, and it was alright, but they have really boosted the gameplay with this final launch version.Some quests, some pieces, some silly story content, and a whole lot of building to be done. It's enjoyable and runs extremely well so far.Lego fans, must definitely pick this one up."
,Recommended,332310,17655956,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Reedo Lightningweaver,"Sweet game with a ton of potential! Really wish you guys would add a first person view mode, that would be awesome!"
76561198160718350,Recommended,332310,17662004,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,BabyEater,"Best lego game that I ever played so far so many amazing things to do and its way more realilistic than that real life thing like in ""real life"" you cant even ride sharks on land and the graphics suck. This game makes ""real life"" look like a updated version of E.T. for the atari."
76561198096127563,Recommended,332310,30439784,Posted: 10 March,all,lotcSalad,"No longer in Early Access, but still early in development. TONS of things they can still add to this game, and hopefully they will. The current content is good, but not that enjoyable for more than 20 hours or so unless you are interested in building or just the aspect of collecting all the blueprints and rare creatures. If you enjoy the building aspect and collecting blueprints, you could play this game for hours on end."
,Recommended,332310,21786017,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Mainworks,Great game but needs to allow controller mapping. I use old controllers so it does not allow me to play. Every other lego game allows me to play with these controllers.
76561198073299799,Not Recommended,332310,30396569,Posted: 8 March,all,Omen,Why did you change the game so much? Feels like a bait and switch. This isnt the game I paid for anymore.
76561198012594005,Not Recommended,332310,30746661,Posted: 26 March,all,Actual Garbage,"The game was a giant world free roam in early access with a lot of bugs. The official release is a mini world biome explorer with a lot of bugs.I bought this in early access to play it kind of like minecraft, but with the ability to put a lot more detail into the work. The difficulty with the game since early access is THE MOST annoying build system. You're completely bound to an over head 3rd person camera with the complete inability to change to change to first person. You have to move the camera around to the right angle to place a piece where you want it to go, and your camera gets stuck in walls frequently when doing this. This creates building anything underground impossible.Now that the official release is out you don't even have free roam as an option anymore, it's a poorly constructed mini-world adventure where you have to collect bricks to travel to other mini biomes. In addition you now have to pull out a tool EVERY SINGLE TIME YOU WANT TO ADD AN ITEM INTO THE BUILDER INVENTORY. I can't believe how they took a game that was already clunky, but had a lot of potential, and removed multiple features plus made it clunkier on initial release.I get it that LEGO games are typically targeted towards kids, but the way this game is portrayed you can expect to pull someone from the minecraft community or similar block building games to come try it out. It's absolutely not worth the money. I bought it in early access so I lost maybe a lunch at work for a day or something, but the biggest dissapointment is that this game actually had a lot of potential to be VERY good for both adults and kids. However they took the game in the complete opposite direction, and honeslty focuses on all these quests and world adventure bs didn't do the game any good by focusing their team on that aspect."
,Not Recommended,332310,30393881,Posted: 8 March,all,Drenspook Tyrof,"The funny thing about the full version is that:1. It changed drastically with no warning. Heck, it seems as if 99% of content they could've tested or atleast shown off in the early access was kept locked at TT Games HQ. If your going to change a game this drastically, and the game's in early access, then slowly add things as they're finished into the early access. If the game started changing gradually into its finished format through updates in early access, then I would probably be fine with it, but they decided to flip the game on it's head and shake the things that made it unique and more interesting to play than other LEGO games out of it's pockets, like how a bully shakes out the dinner money of a child's pockets.2. It runs worse than in early access. I'm no stranger to having games run like a one legged dog on my computer, but if the game runs better incomplete, then you have either added so much stuff to the point where it weighs the game's performance down or you done goofed. The full version should be a less buggier and better running game, not the opposite.I know licensed games aren't always fantastic, but unlike other LEGO games, this one was unique and different from those ones and it seemed as though it could be the most diverse LEGO game (gameplaywise) yet. Unfortunately, they thought that the one thing that made this seem like a true video game embodiment of LEGO wasn't needed. Freedom to create. Of all the games I've played that others thing had ""lost potential"", this is the only one that I agree with on that."
,Not Recommended,332310,30395064,Posted: 8 March,all,Rekawaiiable,"I agree with other reviews this game is 100% bad now. It's not the same game anymore. What the actual heck happened to it? Why is it now over £20?LEGO killed this game, avoid it. You should of played it back in the early stages it was freaking awesome"
,Recommended,332310,16148628,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,(ʃƪ ˘ ³˘)MyHandsSmellwet,Really fun with lots of potential.
,Recommended,332310,23614485,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,cartman,"In a World Where you buy a Lego game for 14.99 Thinking it is gunna Be Crap....Then....DUN DUN DUNN! Its a great game for you and your friends to explore Diffrent Hights Of Video Games With Long And Forever Known Legos! It has a Great and fun concept to mess around with , Free Building Whatever you desire,And when you buy it its Totally Freee No Ingame Prices Required Just the Game Cost and its Worth it! So I Loved the game And still Do! So If your Wondering if you should by it...YES And they just fixed the Crash updates so y' know!"
,Recommended,332310,18480783,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Thisgenericguy,"Its a game with bricks:Colourful Bricks,Not colourful Bricks,People made of Bricks,Evil people made of Bricks,Animals made of Bricks,A dragon made of Bricks (that you can ride),Bricks made of Bricks,More Bricks,Vehicles made of Bricks,Bricks,And...Your made of bricks"
,Recommended,332310,23319712,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,EngiNoob,"I dont know where to begin there is so much to talk about. I have had this game since the early access was released.So much content has been added and updated. When i was young i loved lego it was my life. This game takes my life of Lego to a whole new level, i have seen issues about  Minecraft vs Lego Worlds. I think there is no competition. These games have similarities but there are many differences between these games. They are both extremeley good games.Im gonna name some content that i think are most important and needed things that this community wants to see in this game. More bricks, There are thousands of bricks in the real worlds and what lacks right now in this game are bricks. Everyone wants to build wonderful creations but they cant. I mean at least have a window that is see through glass not just windows that open and close. More content, this is probably an idea yu developers are already working. Just keep adding more content like more animals and discoveries and maybe add a thing where you into space and maybe onto the moon :) One last thing that the community desperately want. Online multyplayer. Everyone wants online multiplayer in this game. I can tell making a multiplayer thing in a Lego World (haha puns) will b challenging but you developers can do it.I truly believe this game has potential to become one of the biggest games ever made. (Right after it is released on console *cough*). Keep it up and keeping surprising us"
76561198201010541,Not Recommended,332310,31953522,Posted: 25 May,all,Da Cool Epic FaZe,The early access version was better because you had all this creative freedom and could make your own worlds. The official release completely ruined the game for me because all that freedom is gone and all you do is fly around completing stupid quests. 4/10 early access better
76561198081597573,Recommended,332310,16118465,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Philzoid,"Rode a LEGO horsey with a LEGO skeleton through LEGO mushrooms...........saw LEGO piggie, chased it down.Rode LEGO piggie."
,Not Recommended,332310,22918158,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Salty Phoenix,"I understand this game is early acces, but bugs and unfinished parts are not the problem. The game is so boring, there is literally no point, nor is there any indication that there might one day be a point to the game. Dont waste your money."
,Recommended,332310,25216585,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,JBOT9050,10 outta 10
,Recommended,332310,16161516,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Scone Enthusiast,"♥♥♥♥ing amazing. Massive improvement over previous edition. Graphics are fantastic, runs great, wonderful LEGO game feeling to it. That's it! Buy it if you dont have it (if you really dont care just wait for a sale)Below is my old review from the Alpha.This game, in its current state, is already looking to be very promising. The graphics are just beautiful, with the lighting and the amazing textures of the game. The controls are very well done, animations look fluid and combat works pretty great and is very similar to other LEGO games. But for building, in its current state, could be better. There are an extremely limited amount of blocks to choose from, so don't try to get out one of your old LEGO booklets and build something, as I've already tried and failed D: . But I WILL say that it has potential. The system in which you build actually isn't that clunky and awful. It offers a lot of freedom when building but the camera could use a bit of work.One complaint I have about this game is the camera in every aspect of the game, including walking and building. The building camera is OK but you can't move it around to the exact position you want it to be in. While walking, LEGO resorts to an MMO styled control, where you hold down your mouse button and move your character around, opposed to other AAA games. I would prefer it if you didn't have to hold down your mouse button, but that's just me.So my OVERALL review:Graphics: 10/10: Beautiful game overall, no complaints.Gameplay: 8/10: Running around is fun, and building is great, but the camera needs work and WAY more bricks need to be added.Overall Enjoyment: 9/10. It's actually really fun to play. It gives me a very nostalgic feeling because it's been so long since I played a LEGO game. However, I can see myself getting bored in just a few hours of the game in its current state.Overall Review: 9/10.As stated in the disclaimer, I hope the developers read this review and learn a lot about what I've said. I have read what they are GOING to add in the early access description, and those features are looking to make this game pretty great and WAY better than what it is. Looking forward to this game in its final form: the release."
,Recommended,332310,16131672,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Salems Lady,"I've been playing it this morning, It is definitely a game with an awesome base!I am a Minecraft Youtuber who loves this kind of thing.Although I shouldn't compare it to Minecraft, when you've created a game that is basically the same thing (For the most part) it is very difficult not to...What I DO think that this game needs is more of a challenging gamemode, as Minecraft delivers.Everything seems to be very easily gained and ready made for you, and I enjoy the challenges that Survival mode gives you in the quest to create your kingdom.I like the challenge of having to kill a skeleton, to get a bone, to tame your first dog, whereas this game, you can just grab one.That being said it IS enjoyable, cute, and funny! It just needs more to 'do' to get your brain in gear!"
76561198058662108,Recommended,332310,16895672,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Liam,"Amazing game,I have only played minutes and it's already amazing.Controller support is awesome!Camera angle is the only negative thing i hope it will be fixed soon.The adventuring is amazing.Only 10minutes in the game and already riding on a polar bearBUY THIS GAME NOW!"
76561198138602590,Recommended,332310,30751863,Posted: 26 March,all,Azzy.Hagyard,"I absolutly love this game I bought this game during early access and I love it, Lego was a big part of my childhood and this game allows me to build stuff with lego without seeming like a big kid I missed playing with lego and this game is a game I wish I had when I was a child I could spend hours and hours on this game Thanks so much for releasing the best lego game to ever come out! this game is well worth the mioney if your a lego building fan."
76561198125161213,Recommended,332310,24018268,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Bananje,"A great game but, I would love if there was a multiplayer update *nudge nudge wink wink* or maybe given quests?"
,Recommended,332310,16149454,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Onmate,"Really fun! In a way it's like Minecraft, in that you buid and explore, but this is not a survival game. Would you want a game about lego that has exploring? If you do, this game is for you. There are endless oppurtunities and since it's lego, it makes it even more enjoyable. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,332310,31006583,Posted: 7 April,all,Chihuahua,"Alright. Ima keep this short. This game is lego Garry's mod. I got this game a day after it came out on steam, so it was really early, it was just free roam and it wasn't all special. But with this update, oml. Its so fun! You can create what ever you want, take quests from animals, shoot other people in the face with a rifle, steal ice cream from a gingerbread man, its great. You can create whatever you want and whatever you imagine. I love this game and it is so fun, highly reccomend!Stepping on legos/10(Thas really good)"
,Recommended,332310,16124858,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Snowdude,"Awesome game has a lot of potential, but is not done yet. It very looks like minecraft with lego.-PROS-Never-ending world-Lots of vehicles-Lots of creatures and people-Lots and lots of freedom-Much to explore-LEGO-CONSNo Multiplayer?FPS Issues (sometimes)Weird BugsStill needs more"
,Recommended,332310,16127069,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,NinjaMiner,"So, I've only played this game for an hour so far. But, it is AMAZING. It feels like one of the other LEGO games (e.g. LEGO Batman), but in a much more open-world, Minecraft kind of situation, which is so much fun. It brings to mind the many, many fun hours I had building with LEGO as a kid, and extends it to the kinds of videogames that exist now. This game seems so incredibly cool, and it's only just been released as early-access! The features it already has are super fun and I can't wait to see what comes next (hopefully multiplayer?)."
76561198040822022,Recommended,332310,16127237,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,(行く行く)Tonkatsu!,"This game managed to bring all my dreams of LEGO from my childhood to life, already beats Minecraft (in my opinion)"
76561198124016757,Recommended,332310,16127252,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,MITZEL,"I think this is a one of a kind game. You can builds citys and then 10 minutes later you can destroy them. Beautiful terrain throughout the world(s). I highly suggest this game. *Note, they should incorporate some of their other LEGO brands into this game."
,Recommended,332310,16127185,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,i guess im a furry now,"This is the sort of game I'm been waiting years for. I remember using the old digital LEGO builder back when I was a kid, and LEGO Worlds offers a much more in-depth, intuitive experience to building with LEGO's without the risk of killing yourself by stepping on a LEGO brick.I was impressed, for the most part. You can easily tell going into the game that it needs a lot of work. The camera controls are fairly clunky and irritating. The graphics aren't entirely there, but they're decent enough. The variety of bricks in the building menu could use some... expansion. As far as I was able to gather, we were limited to stationary, generic bricks. There were no doors, no specialized window bricks, etc. that exist in the real world. Basically, I was disappointed by how limited the brick library was. I prefer making complex, moving builds with LEGOs, you know, ships and contraptions and mechs and all those sorts of things. This game would be perfect if it allowed you to make your own vehicles from scratch (I still dream of the day where I can design my own Star Wars-esque capital ship and pilot it over my empire) and had the vast customizability and options that real LEGOs give you.I also wish that your LEGO character could interact more with the world without having to go into the other menus to do so. Aside from riding animals and punching skeletons, there's very little you can do without using something from the build menu. That's just my opinion on the matter, at least.Overall, I'm interested to see where this game is going. I understand it's still in development, and I know that it isn't entirely done yet. I hope some of these issues are rectified by the time the final product is released."
76561197997625452,Recommended,332310,30511226,Posted: 14 March,all,lynxoblivion,"first off, i played a little in early access didnt really like it, but now i have played Relesed version, its got much better, i only have a few issues with it,1, multiplayer needs a little more work, when shifting worlds my game loaded up but my wifes didnt, (it did this a few times)2, the Multiplayer needs to work for all the people in the game not just contribute to the hosts game,3, it needs a sandbox world where u can just play and build with all the Discoveries you get in the game (would be cool), singleplayer and multiplayer.other than them few PERSONAL issues, i like the game its got massive potential, hope they add some better stuff"
,Recommended,332310,22558206,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,MetaPixel_,"OLD LEGO FANBOY HEREI've played all of the ps2-era lego games and loved all of them, this one is quite a good addition to the series.The game is great, full of content and freedom to build anything you want(after you complete some quests to unlock objects of course), it changed quite a bit from the early access.Also, if i remember this is the first online coop lego game i ever played, and its preety fun to build with a friend. (it also has splitscreen of course)Recommended for those who are patient in building things, otherwise it will be pure frustation for the entire game!WARNING! : HIGH END GPU RECOMMENDED!"
,Recommended,332310,30952748,Posted: 4 April,all,MikeLLunsford,"Love this game, I love getting to explore these generated worlds and getting to build whatever I want with all the lego pieces.  All the details are wonderful, building and moving around the environments is a ton of fun.It has flaws, but I'm willing to look them over.  Things like general glitchyness at times, crashing, and I think locking the ""create your own world"" option behind gathering 100 gold bricks is kind of a pain.I'm very positive about this game, but I hope the developers can patch it up a bit, it could be amazing if things were just smoothed out a bit."
,Recommended,332310,16188911,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Tesserarius Sextus,"Went to the holy lands and blew up a pyramid, 10/10 completed crusader fantasty"
,Recommended,332310,16155590,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Nook,"Lego Worlds is a fantastic adventure game and a decent building game. THAT SAID the game is 2 days old, in early access, but is still more functional, fun, and mechanically sound than 90% of other Early Access titles I've played. Lego Worlds keeps it's own ideas from previous Lego themed games such as collecting studs as currency, but also takes inspiration from Minecraft and Landmark.The exploration and adventure is a lot of fun - roaming mountains, fighting wizards and dragons, finding Drill Machines and going straight through that mountain, under the ocean, and dig up to find yourself on a snowy island full of cute huskie puppies, polar bears, and snowmen. Not to mention that you can interact with just about anything you see. Along your adventures you can find giant chests which is incredibly exciting and just makes me excited to explore.Now for the building aspect of the game. Being a Lego game, remember that these started out as physical building blocks you bought in a box and dumped out on the floor then find the missing piece like a landmine hours later, it seems like the building mechanics and contraptions should have been some of the most refined parts of the game, but unfortunately this is where the game got frustrating for me.Laying brick by brick, easy - fun to do - little issues. Building pre-made stuff - pretty awesome! Look at my suddenly Old West town in the swamp lands! But when it comes down to making your own mansion like you dreamed of having digging through you Legos as a child - you might as well pull out your old Legos. Getting these parts of the game to cooperate are frustrating as a competent adult that has played Minecraft and Landmark for several several days worth of game time. I can't imagine how a child would fair in these conditions. Again, the pre-made stuff is great and is an adventure all it's own plopping down a cottage next to your obsidian volcanic structure. But right now the Undo is completely broken and when you make a mistake - you better know how to bend your hammer at a 90 degree angle to bang that back into shape or just select it all, delete and start from scratch.The Select Tool itself was amazing at first. I'm so glad to see it implemented because it's a genius tool that Landmark made work incredibly well. But it got stale and frustrating and deflated as a clown's party tricks for 3 year olds  in an outdoor party in the Artic. Copy and paste? Forget it. The pasting is based off of where your cursor is and not where the objects would interact with each other once pasted. I was building a set of stairs in my mansion and wanted to have a classic big stairway that splits in two toward the second level and so I thinks to myself ""Self, I'll just copy that side and paste it here."" Nope. You can't mirror, only rotate, and when I pasted the bricks were either a few studs off or a mile away with no in between in my control - and no undo. Select, delete, start again.THAT VERY CRITICAL THING SAID I go back to my first point of view, this game still functions better than any other Early Access game I've played - save a few. And even then they operate on the same high quality level that you would expect from a big production from someone like Lego. Although the UI is a little bulky and cumbersome and the building tools need work I still played this game for close to 6 hours straight and had a blast the whole time. It's so much fun to ride a horse then find a boat, ride the boat, then find an eagle, then ride the eagle, scale a mountain, find a dragon, and then fly around spitting fireballs at the fully destructable world. I didn't go into detail on the world manipulation tools and UI here because they fell in between for me - worked, but obviously were early versions of the amazing tools they will be some day.If someone were to ask if this game is fun, I would say yes. If someone were to ask if I would recommend this to their child, I say yes. If someone were to ask if this was the way they would be able to easily create blueprints for that shed they've been meaning to build out back all these years I would say - pull out your old box of Legos.I know this game will do nothing but improve in the future. And I want to be around to see it. 2 days old and this game has me enamoured - distracted at work writing a review instead of my job.Go have an adventure. Have a story to tell. Lego Worlds will help you do that."
76561198026986580,Recommended,332310,16179957,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Cowboy,How many games can you go from being a Biker/wizard/explorer/pirate all in one riding a dragon shooting fireballs at random mountain sides to jumping on a dirtbike riding off a cliff into the ocean and getting into a submarine?  Where else can you be in a wild west area and build a castle around your little cabin you just built and then get into a front end loader and dig a moat and then go ride a cow?The answer is Lego worlds.  This game is so enjoyable without too many bugs so far other than once randomly falling through the ground in just one spot and you can walk around that.  The limit to this game is literally your imagination.  What would make this game perfect though is multiplayer.
,Recommended,332310,16162243,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Sir Spooksalot,did only played it for some hours but I had so much fun in them!seriously: This game brings you alot adventures! I really hope they will add some time a multiplayer so that I can play with my friends :)
76561198080237929,Recommended,332310,16159537,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,sanfordmicheal,i love this game it lets me play with legos like never before it would be awsome if you can add irl lego sets to the game 100/100 id buy this again so awsome
76561198019205183,Recommended,332310,16150493,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Simonator24,Found pirateBecame pirateFound dragonMade villagePillaged village I madeFound island farmGave up pillaging life for farming life11/10 Would farm again
,Recommended,332310,16260361,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,TheDustyWizard,"I start driving the ""Creator Car"" (freakin crazy acceleration going on there, i must say). Hit some crazy jumps, until one gets a little too crazy and the front of my car gets stuck in the ground. I start vibrating, and panicking. It won't let me get off! the car starts vibrating so fast that my computer, again, starts lagging. Uh oh. I try to access the menu to skydive back in again, but the menu won't open. I begin crying. finally the car dislodges itself from the ground, and shoots like a missile accross the whole map. Game crashes.Walking around, find some lava. Cool, right? all the sudden i hear a loud roar, and watch as a dragon comes out of the ground, flies in a arc around me, then hits the lava and dies. ""Weird"", I think to myself. As i'm about to walk away, another loud roar frightens me, as another dragon comes out of the same spot, flies in an arc, then hits lava and dies. Turns out this dragon keeps spawning there and doing the same thing forever.Decided to mine the water. it works.Made an underground city. the houses spontaneously explode (possible clipping issues).Drove a boat down a mountain into the sea. Boat detonated upon contact with water.This is by far the glitchiest game i've ever played, and I regularly play Skate 3.Among the best 15$ i've ever spent.(I play hours and hours of this game, offline)"
76561198034365866,Recommended,332310,16120229,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,HotshotSARGE,"Climbed a wizard tower and found a rocket launcher.Dug a mine using said rocket launcher.Blew up bears, goats, dogs, yetis, vampires, warlocks and more.Found a dragon.Became a yeti and rode off on the dragon, with a rocket launcher on my back.11/10"
,Recommended,332310,16120752,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Toober64,"Road a horse, then a plane, then a goat, then a cow, then a tractor, then a boat, then i met a cavemanSurprisingly fun already, considering there's a lot of development ahead of it"
,Recommended,332310,16121061,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Shitbird,punched a goatrode a dragonfind out dragon spits fireballsblow everything upEVERYTHING IS AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,332310,16121275,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,JollyClaret,"Learnt you can mount any animal that you jump on, just like real life.Mounted a wolf, I named him Timmy then I jumped off him and a polar bear mauled him to death11/10 for realistic animal interations1/10 for killing Timmy"
76561198123156744,Recommended,332310,16809938,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,DANKERTON,"Really fun game! It has occasional lag, but it has tons of adventures to be had though! You can find a candy island, dragons, skeletons, tons of treasure! The world in the game is just so open! Definitly a good game."
,Recommended,332310,16937059,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Billy Greaves,is good game. I smacked apolar bear and killed him. I also found an indiana jones looking fellow and killed him too. rest in pepershakers
,Recommended,332310,16563136,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Invicta-Vesaderac,Like the idea but needs alot adding to the game to keep me intetested! a cool idea would be that if you own a lego game it adds things to your lego worlds! that would be an awesome idea.
,Recommended,332310,16122241,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Pliskin Hunter,Never bought Minecraft. Was waiting for this. Worth it!
76561198046178285,Recommended,332310,16123749,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,SKILLETOR,"So having played for an hour or so, i have a feel for the game, and it is a promising thing. Its fun running around and smashing things up, like in any lego game, and the fact that everything is lego makes it all the better.  The terrain editing tools feel difficult to use accurately, and i ended up making a mess. The smooth tool however is very nicely and works well.Obviously the building aspect is the main pull. I built a little house  and a garage, and it was fun doing so. Again, it feels at the moment that the camera never did what i wanted it to, and that it could use a few tweaks here and there. But over all the building was like building with lego, but with every part you need, in every colour. No more hunting around for that blue 1X1 block you needed.The main thing i feel this needs is just a more interesting world at the moment. There are differeent biomes, and the game kindly shows you when you discover a new one, with that weird panny zoomy camera thing. But the biomes kinda all feel the same at the moment. More pre-built structures, maybe even small towns could really make a big difference.Alas, multiplayer is planned, this game needs it. We all spent a fair amount of time in minecraft single player, and we got bored. Im not saying this game is minecraft, but i felt the "" I'm just walking around aimlessly on my own"" feeling came on very quick. So multiplayer, yes please !I do like this game, and it has promise. Do us proud TT."
76561198087526018,Recommended,332310,20055977,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,MakesTreble,"Overall, it's a fun game that brings back some childhood memories. However, the game needs to have a multiplayer option and it isn't there yet. I put recommended because overall, it's a good game. However, I don't recommend you purchase until multiplayer is added. This could be an amazing family game if that feature was available.Pros:- Great for kids and adults- Lots of creativity- More freedom than Minecraft.- Plenty of objectives to reach, things to unlock and places to exploreCons:- No multiplayer. That's my #1 complaint. This game begs for play with others and it doesn't exist.- Kids will need adult help to figure out some parts of the game."
76561198043701197,Recommended,332310,23976593,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,FireWolf,Spent two hours building something and then some ♥♥♥♥♥ on a cow tramples everything over in a matter of seconds...Best game ever!
,Recommended,332310,16261302,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Cybertectonic,"Finally, a lego game about legos. You can do anything with anything!Pros- Its lego- Lots to explore and discover- SUPER customizable- ect...Cons- Camera can be a bit annyoing at times (probibly will get fixed)- A few very small frame drops (might be my graphics card)Its a really fun game with loads to do. I'm certain that it will become very popular once online multiplayer is realesed for it. I would suggest playing this game with a controller because it helps with the wonky camera and makes brick building a lot easier (for me). If your not sure you want to take a risk with this game I would suggest waiting till its more pollished to buy it. But if your a lego fan then this a must have."
,Recommended,332310,16127707,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Aggressive Octopus,This is a fantastic game. It's like the lego game we've always wanted but never got.
,Recommended,332310,16185987,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,wakka,"This has a lot of potential, I did a quick first look herehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLfiVg3GjBIBut it seems lots of fun, my younger children love it.Building is fun and exploring is fun, but its not minecraft its a lot more quirkier.I think it will evolve into something great"
,Recommended,332310,31709805,Posted: 12 May,all,Croy,"If you like the lego games, but want to free play more and quest less, I have found the game for you."
76561198082851866,Recommended,332310,16335919,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,S3OXD,"It's a nice game, but it would be so much better with multiplayer"
,Recommended,332310,30046300,Posted: 19 February,all,aratoshii,"LEGO Worlds is a LEGO game that is basically minecraft, minus the survival aspect, what you do in this game is explore find bricks and build whatever the hell you want, theres also vehicles that do things like a driller and it runs like a beauty. This is way cheaper than buying the kid a lego set, just tell the kid to make it in this"
76561198170087197,Recommended,332310,29927234,Posted: 14 February,all,MagicAlex,"Very fun for a while, but once you have explored the world it becomes a bit repetitive. This is very fun as a multiplayer game though."
,Recommended,332310,29985438,Posted: 17 February,all,★♛し乇 ɱ☠ﾉｲ尺乇 ︻デ═━ ★ ツ,LEGO® WordsVery nice Open world game. i whould rate to buy it! 15€ is ok.Postive statemens:Tame Animals / NPCfinding loot chest'sFirstpersonVehiclesProbs/Buildings/SetsNegative statements:Camera is buggy sometimei only can rate this game it will get 10/10 because the camera i won't give a minus point because if you press c 3 times you fixed. no worries for me :D
,Recommended,332310,16857781,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Black Puppet,"=HEADS UP=This review is sort of a follow up to my ""Blockland"" review since i said over there that these two games are similar. You do not have to read it but i thought i should mention it no matter what.=INFO ABOUT THE REVIEW=1. This review might be a bit longer.2. This review is about my point of view and opinion.3. If you want to discuss with me about what i wrote then please be reasonable and put up arguments that actually make sense to everyone present. (This does not mean that if i dont understand it or dont like it that you are wrong.)4. If you cannot be reasonable i will use my Right as reviewmaker to ignore your comment.=REVIEW=So this review is about a game i havent played for long yet but i can only say that it already is very good.Now about the game i can say that i had to turn down some of my settings for a good fps but after i did that it was solid. My PC is decent but not a high end gaming PC and most of the games on my Library were played on this PC without problems so you can see that it isnt that bad of a PC after all. Back to the point. The game runs good on my settings and i have no fps drops so far.The main controlls, those were an issue for me in blockland, are easy as in every other Lego Game that we know. You use WASD to move around. F to interact with things. Q and E to change the size of your brush and space and controll to ascend or descend.The Controlls about going up and down and resizing mainly play a role when you fly with a helicopter or when you build something. While flying in a helicopter you use mainly WASD to move around but you use space and controll to move up and down. While in buildmode though you also use Q and E to resize your brush so you can use it on a bigger or tinier area.As of for the main game there is currently not much to do. The reason for that is that the game is currently in early acces and having the game itself and the engine done is for me good enough. This of course is only my opinion. But from what we have here right now it is more a game you explore instead of you building big♥♥♥♥♥Castles and such. But updates will come and add even more blocks.So would i recommend the game? - YesBut i also would say that if you arent a fan of exploring: Dont buy it yetThe game is still in development and updates can come whenever. But since there is not much to do at the moment it might be boring for some people what is understandable.If you dont care though and still want to try out building i recommend watching the tutorial by paulsoaresjr about how to Build and Import your own custom Models into the World of Lego. Since there is a program people can use to make certain structures this might help you out a bit.And that it is. I have gotten Blockland and Lego Worlds. Both games are similar from the Idea. But only after playing a tiny bit, even without a tutorial, i can already say that Lego Worlds is the better one. Now people might disagree but hey that is how life is.I wish you guys a good one~"
,Recommended,332310,16123830,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,wot,"I can tell this will be great, just get the game already!Now for the serious stuff. I like the game, and the controls are kinda weird. But they should be fixed soon. I Crash every 5 minutes so that kinda sucks. Just fix the bugs and add more stuffd and we have ourselves a 9-10/10."
,Not Recommended,332310,17045459,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,✧!Pumzie!✧,"I lvoe the LEGO more than anything. I buy the Digital Designer and all LEGO games. Tons of LEGO sets what i buy in time to time in real life.This LEGO game, the LEGO Worlds is one of the finest ideas in the LEGO history. But in this state, the LEGO Worlds is the most, and baddest controllable game. This game is try to chase Minecraft but its a fake dream. Minecraft is not looking good, poor graphic, but the game system is work perfectly, tons of mods and working mod support, in original game's crafting menu its a little small, but after you install few mods, its unlimited.The LEGO Worlds is need tons of update. This Early acces is too early! This game need more and more content before the users try it. Its no way man! In this state millions of bugs, tons of problems, and many many performance boost required!AFter the game is reach the Final stage, i know this is the biggest game ever. But, in this stage, i say, that is the most useless and badest game in LEGO history. Ever!So, i recomment this game?NO! Reach the final stage, after this moment, i say Yes!I like this game?Nope... to many problems....What i think about it?Free update, free dlc, free content refresh!This game is cannot need DLCs what need to buy before install!"
76561198095231892,Not Recommended,332310,16213338,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,AJINX,"Its great, but it runs awful.Adding in some future optimization and/or more graphics options would be fantastic -- that would make it one of my favorite games. But for now, I don't think I should be able to smoothly run GTA, yet lag on Lego Worlds.Needs optimization."
,Recommended,332310,16127436,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,isaacfess,Probably The best LEGO game to date!
76561198249464304,Recommended,332310,30416578,Posted: 9 March,all,Krampus,"This is the best lego game ever!It's like minecraft but lego with tons of options!EDIT: Definitly lack on the creative side because this game is more about exploring then create. Once you are done collecting everything, which can take a while, you are left empty with no purpose to keep on playing. Maybe with some future DLC it will offer more for player who prefer to create."
76561198078037094,Recommended,332310,16153454,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,flibberking,"First time playing the game went very well, got onto lego worlds, found a dragon within 5min of playing and flew around the world discovering distant lands and new people, then I had to quit because im stuck up a wizards tower with the dragon on the floor beneath me trying to kill me10/10 would play again, just mabye on a different world"
,Recommended,332310,16811436,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,MilitaryHeart,"Great game, little hard for me as i'm one handed gamer but i'm using an xbox controller now"
76561198150386379,Recommended,332310,30434240,Posted: 10 March,all,camcash,"Personally, I Like This Game, But After A Few Hours There Is No More Items To Collect, Also The Building Is EXTEMELY complicated, but overall the exploring element is pretty fun, and the vehicles and animal range is pretty big, so thumbs up to you!"
76561197980372335,Recommended,332310,16119629,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Francis,"Lego world is a game like minecraft but is more about finding and unlocking different Lego pieces/set/characters. The game starts you with 3 characters and you can unlock more by either finding or smashing other Lego minifigures (depending is they are hostile) after starting you are dropped into the world you choose were you can start unlocking things (creatures/vehicles/items/ect) by interacting with them in various ways and then buying them with Lego studs that you can get by smashing things. The fighting controls are very similar to most other Lego games (Batman,Star Wars,ect) and the characters movement is much easier to get around giving you the ability to climb just about anything. My only real complaint is the game is a bit too easy but there is a lot to do even in early access so I can only be excited looking towards the future of this game."
,Recommended,332310,16132345,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,tupe12342,Its like skyrim with LEGO
,Recommended,332310,16132372,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,HandeadSolo,It is going be a game that all gamers will fancy...
,Recommended,332310,16164406,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,rb303,if this gets multiplayer it will be what lego universe could never be
,Recommended,332310,16142459,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Sular,"One of the best games I've played in a while, and definitely the best sandbox game I've played in a while.Minecraft better prepare for the day this game gets multiplayer.This is THE game for LEGO fans."
,Recommended,332310,16853624,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,ThePeskyAce,"Love it so far, but this game does still have its flaws. Its still in early access so its to be expected.Overall gameplay is a blast! Exploring a vast Lego world whilst destroying or discovering anything in your path is great! The camera controls still need a bit of work in my opinion, such as zooming in and out of your character, along with vehicle camera controls. That being said, being a wizard while riding the drill vehicle through the mountains because why not is the best! Would recommend this to Lego and Minecraft fans alike!!"
,Not Recommended,332310,29571905,Posted: 29 January,all,batteries,"Honestly, it's a great execution of a flawed idea.As an exploration game, it's great, no doubt about that. But after you've finished it, it will suffer the same fate as any other official Lego game- you'vefinishedit. Congrats, there's nothing else to do.90% of the bricks and structures are locked at the start, so your creativity is limited unless you spend many hours in the rather boring 'story' mode. And if you do unlock them all, you'll find building stuff to be utterly pointless.There's no online servers to go on, and you're only allowed to play with people on your friends list. If you don't have friends who own this game, you will most likely want a refund.Go get Brick Rigs instead, it's way more fun and it actually has a community."
,Recommended,332310,17822001,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,kroms33,"Thumbs up on this, although a bit clunky - it's LEGO for crying out loud (no but seriously, the game is under developement).  The graphics are very epic, once everything is included (like multiplayer) this game is a sure win for anyone who's ever built any type of LEGO set (dads/moms included)"
,Recommended,332310,35325558,Posted: 29 September,all,Blackjack,"Fun game to play with a friend or two. It lets you do what we all used to pretend to do. We can become minifigures and with a bit of creativity and imagination, do just about anything you want. All I want now is mod support like what  Blockland has, and I'll be golden."
,Recommended,332310,35504744,Posted: 5 October,all,ACIDZOMBIE6516,quite possibly the best lego game on steam
,Recommended,332310,16124292,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Dr̀acu͜laf̸e͡t͏us̀,"It's early access, so I'll cover stuff that seem final/close to final.So far the game has huge potential, there are many comparisons to Minecraft, just with legos. It's a cool concept but falls short on the actual building.First, if you want to build you have to go through a super convoluted menu that doesn't work well with a controller. Your character moves as you build and the camera seems to follow your guy and not where you're actually pointing to. Your character floats up and you're free to build wherever you want. However if you want to switch from building to terrain editing you have to exit the menu, your guy will fall down, you open up another menu and he floats back up. It's cool to see the lego guy build everything but it's at the expense of precision, very frustrating.The building doesn't feel too great and needs a lot of work, the camera makes it very difficult to build anything half-decent. The game comes with a lot of presets that you can use but it feels like cheating, it doesn't feel as good as building something entirely by yourself. You can unlock more models to use by bumping into them, along with vehicles, animals and other lego people, there are also props that you can interact with.The actual gameplay is every lego game so far, the only new feature is that you can climb anything, walls, ceiling etc and feels really smooth. The camera sometimes can't keep up and it can get stuck in the walls and floor. The camera also seems to dramatically pan and zoom into every new character or vehicle you find in a pseudo-cutscene, this happens very often, it's cool at first but gets annoying quickly.The performance is solid all things considering, all the terrain is made of tiny pieces of lego, I've been running it at around 90fps, dips to 40 when the terrain is loading, using fast vehicles also dips the frame rate.The price makes it hard not to recommend it tho, it has some major problems, if you just want to freeroam as lego characters and unlocking stuff you may get bored quickly, the building needs a huge amount of work but as I said it has potential. Hopefully the camera can be tightened and allow you to actually build stuff precisely without your lego character getting in the way."
76561198017132050,Not Recommended,332310,30762051,Posted: 26 March,all,Necromania,I like the game but it is really buggy right now. It is hard to steer your character especially when you have a tool in your hands or at times driving a vehicle. Right clicking to move the camera while pushing W to move your character is a common way to steer your character in most games. However in this game it gets really bugged out at times and has caused me to essentially die. I also wish there would be more worlds where I didn't have to build everything in it. Like a lego city already made where all I have to do is build my house and car and things I want to use. Also worlds where I cant accidentally destroy stuff lol. But to me the most pressing thing is that they have to fix the camera issues
,Recommended,332310,16187819,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Nihil,"So, I skydived onto a horse, ran into a desert, found a broken tower, punched a warlock, punched a skeleton, punched a lady, punched a cowboy, found the a king with a digger punched the king, stole the digger and ran over a cow. Found a rock, turned out the rock was a space ship looking thing with a chest inside, punched the cest and got a bazooka. Found a house, had a sword and an aeroplane.Literally best thing I've played all year."
,Recommended,332310,16189811,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,THE PAIN TRAIN!!,"I have a few minor problems:-I can't seem to controll the camera, which makes driving cars hard.-Even with all the graphics options off it's still kinda slow.But other than that...BUY THIS GAME NOW!You can:-Fly on an eagle-Roast hot dogs-Drill big tunnels-Make houses-Find an RPG-Cover the artic in oil drumsAND SO MUCH MORE!"
,Recommended,332310,16121429,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Doomkitten,"Decided to check this out today and I'm really glad I did. For where the game is at right now, you can do quite a bit. Only limitation is your own creativity/desire to explore.The Good* Great variety of biomes - way more than your standard forest, desert, lava, jungle, etc.* Lots of props to discover - pretty much anything that decorates the current biome you're in is something to acquire which later goes into your build menu. You later can unlock them for a nominal amount of studs and then they're yours to place in the world how you please. You unlock minifig models for yourself to use as a skin the same way, as well as mounts, creatures, and vehicles.* You start of with over 50 ready-made trees, random structures, and buildings for you to place. Hoping you can discover structures in the wild the same way so you can with other items.* Fun items and vanity(?) pieces - remember all the tiny accessories your minifigs came with when you were a kid? You can discover these in random treasure chests all throughout the world. Spyglasses, rifles, swords, etc. Some you can use as weapons or to cull giant holes into the earth, some don't appear to have a use other than for cosmetic purposes (but I'm not 100% if maybe all their capabilities aren't in the game yet).* When it comes to building your own things, it's pretty straightforward, and there's so much variety. Lots of pieces, TONS of colors, and the ability to undo/redo is a great feature too. The menu is a little bit clunky in its current state, but I think it'll be improved upon in later iterations of the game.* You have the ability to fight and beat up guys (so many screaming skeletons, good lord) and tame (as far as I can tell only one for now) creatures to ride.The Not-So-Good* Camera controls are the least reliable thing so far. Right-clicking to spin the camera around sometimes doesn't work and you rotate in some crazy directions. This also translates to riding in vehicles/on creatures. You'll press W to go forward, move your camera and it'll go backwards. I would love an option for the directions to be fixed. My other gripe is the lack of distance when you zoom out during build modes. This ability (camera zoom in/out) doesn't exist at all when you're running around with your character.* I don't think you can swim underwater? (yet?) Maybe I'm dense, but I couldn't figure this one out haha* Not enough free-standing structures. I would love to see more buildings in the wild. Tiny villages with more people. Possibly NPCs/Merchants would be really neat. I know this game's early access, but this is something that'd be fun to have.* Some features I wish for the future - multiplayer is a given, and I'm sure that's coming. Weather effects, graphical settings for higher end computers (bloom, DoF, lighting, etc.), and hopefully Steam Workshop.Final ThoughtsThis game feels like it has a lot of potential. With a few quality of life adjustments to the camera and basic controls, it'll add a lot more polish. Looking forward to later builds of LEGO Worlds. Definitely recommended."
76561197987418739,Recommended,332310,30456026,Posted: 11 March,all,Coverchrg,Better than No Man's Sky.
76561198026205599,Recommended,332310,27897934,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,DawnViper,"Well, first there was Minecraft, which was very much like LEGO, then there was Minecraft-themed LEGO and now... oh.Apart from that, this is literally a childhood dream come true - infinite bricks, a lot of building and exploring possibilities, vehicles, animals, minifigures etc. and local + online multiplayer!BUT be advised that it is kept child-friendly and (as of now) Early Access:It is NOT a game for hardcore and/or survival players or for people who mind having infinite resources and almost no challenge through NPCs/mobs. It is also not for people who need a story, by the way ;)However, it IS a game for (young and old) LEGO fans, explorers, and people who like sandbox games. Additionally, it is a good choice to have a hilarious time with friends, as there are always crazy things happening within the worlds. The possibilities of building, exploring, moving around, creating and, most importantly, destroying make for a lot of fun (Ever had a lego bazooka? Missed out!).So, if that sounds like your brick of tea, then get building!"
,Recommended,332310,16284055,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,koder,"-Finds surfer in desert-Finds diver in jungle-Digs tunnels through water and lava with a drilling machine-Finds pigs and ostriches on cloudsLEGO Worlds is a neat game. From the start, you are bombarded with lovely graphics and scenery, unlockables left right and center, and a smattering of bricks and building tools.It's a HUGE step up from the previous LEGO games already, moving its focus from simply featuring LEGO characters and items to a true LEGO game - allowing the player to create, adventure, and discover. When you think about it, it's like buying an infinite supply of a heap of different LEGO bricks, in every different color.Now, down to the raw facts:Pros:-Great scenery and graphics-Plenty of unlockables-Goats-Character customizer-Tools for large-scale building and terraforming-Vehicles and weapons to spice up gameplay-Create anything you can think up-Well-made and amusing animationsCons:-This game is missing the feature it needs most: multiplayer.-Finding certain characters/vehicles/items can sometimes take hours-Camera is about as good as a jelly pickaxe. In politics.-Precise building can often be painful and awkward-No particularly fast way of getting around, the animals and air vehicles are all slow and the ground vehicles are almost uncontrollable-The character often climbs bricks when you don't want it to-There's no way of deleting a vehicle/character that spawned with a set, it always respawns every time the world loads.To summarise: LEGO Worlds is a fun game, and perfect for the creative type, but if you're not really into building with lego, wait until multiplayer comes out before buying this one."
76561198047819840,Recommended,332310,30410894,Posted: 9 March,all,Definitely not Toast,10/10 i beleave i have had this game since day one of its  early access and i have to say i am really impressed with how they have made this game come to be and even though i still see some bugs here and their but i over look them because every game it bound to have problems even when it come out of early access but i would honestly recoment this game to anyone who has liked any and all lego games it really lets you have WIDE WIDE range of how you want to place blocks how blocks look and even all the tools they give you are even more helpfull then befor in the early access all you had was the terra forming tool i beleave and when ever you used it it lagged me to no end but now i dont have a problem with any of the tool at all and i like how they kept the idea of having to buy the items that you can unlock with the currency because it really make you want to look and explore more to get more money to be abble to build morePS. if anyone is playing with a keyboard its really hard to use. try using a xbox 360 or xbox one s  or even a steam controller  its better to play with a controller then keyoard  at least i think it isAlso to the Devs of this game  Great job to you all also could you make a way to were you can make your own custom vheicles :)also i just remembered that i love the main menu its funny and the theme in the background is really cetchy
,Recommended,332310,16150856,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Nickervision,Already excellent to play. Filled with bugs but still an absolute delight. Can't wait to see where this progresses to.
,Recommended,332310,30417219,Posted: 9 March,all,Doomdrvk,"Honestly, I'm loving the game so far, the bad reviews I've read seem to be from children who are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥they bought an early access game, or they haven't exited the tutorial stage (which goes on for a bit). The worlds are small at the beginning but as you progress and earn gold bricks you'll be able to get larger and larger worlds. Its meant to give the game a sense of progression and it encourages the players to explore. You can also find dungeons of which you can explore or dig it completely out and skip running through the maze. The game really doesn't restrict you to much to what you can do in the world.I think the game now is a really an improvement. While I was playing early access I got rather bored because all I wanted to do was find new item. The worlds were boring and there wasn't much interaction with the npcs all they would do was either attack you or wander around aimlessly. Now atleast you can tame an animal to follow you around and protect you."
76561198158559022,Recommended,332310,30414640,Posted: 9 March,all,Curtleaf,Love this game so far! I decided to wait till the full version came out and i am glad i did. The quest mechanic isn't bad at all if its all new to you but it is a bit long winded. All in all very good game.
,Recommended,332310,19786711,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,NefariousDrH,"Fun, but it definitely needs a lot of work. I recommend buying it, and then coming back in a few updates when there's more stuff :)"
76561198015654188,Recommended,332310,16127231,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,captain__colwyn,"needs more content, this is really a lot of fun though, as soon as they get some more content and reasons to build (other than look what i did) multiplayer, and progression (other than chest popping), this is going to be great."
76561198129802402,Recommended,332310,34337082,Posted: 18 August,all,WafflesMan,"So, were to start. Lego Worlds is based on a exploration game, where you get to explore other worlds and find new vehicles, people, and towns. Well, you USED to. The new update is now just all about quests, half of which being extremely long or short. So, the adventure mode I do not recommend.Although, the sandbox mode is super fun. I have been playing in sandbox mode for about a week and a half and can say that this game is really fun in sandbox mode. I recommend this game for those who are more about building than actually action packed. Overall, this game is very fun, that is if your in sandbox mode.People dont seem to recognize that there even is a sandbox mode. What you have to do is select the save file of which your game is in and click the 2x2 lego brick. From there you can select single player sandbox or multiplayer sandbox."
76561198056642200,Recommended,332310,25057995,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Beeftub,Better exploration than No Mans Sky to be honest.
,Recommended,332310,16254636,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Michowned,"This game is pretty sweet! I love that you can ride dragons and animals. It's pretty fun, although, it does get a little too boring when all you do is run around, nothing is really that much of a threat, not even the lava. I would have liked to fight the dragon to be able to earn to ride it. It needs some form of multiplayer or co-op. The only thing that's fun about it atm is getting all the items, characters, and animals. Other than that a achievement system would be good too! I also find the building system to be annoying, as well as the third person view. I can't exactly have too much freedom where I look, and it becomes a hassle when building. I also found myself spawning the place holding house in the tools bars on top of each other, giving me endless coins! I also find the camera to just randomly look off into the distance with no real direction as to what the hell on earth it's looking at. It looked off into the water and I thought there was something in that direction. I ended up flying for 30 minutes over plain ocean.Pros-Fun!-Riding animals-Great characters-Heaps to collect-Nice biomesCons-Camera angles-No real danger-Building is annoying-No farming-No way to really create a personalized house-No use of materials to make vehicles (Ability to mine materials to get already bought vehicles rather than to just spawn them in)I do have a lot of cons compared to the pros, but it is early access and it still needs a lot of improvements,. There's no real danger, or mission, no survival, no real combat. Overall the game is fun, but to an extent, I'll definitely still be playing it ;)  6/10"
76561198139615134,Recommended,332310,17114924,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Chara The Chocolate Demon,love it its an EXCITING LOAD OF FUN  recommend this game 100 out of 100
76561198139403675,Recommended,332310,16121716,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,tomtom1994,"definitly recommend this game! really feel that there is a lot more work to be done to it but it's potential after playing it looks great! would love to be able to create and build things a little bit easier, it's too fiddly when trying to use single blocks on the sort of terrain there is, just to diffucult as it is but im hoping that's something they'll work on, and being able to have a survival mode where you have to use the land and other bricks to create your own things? i know it sounds like im basiclly wanting a lego minecraft but lets be honest it's probably something we've all hoped for.. but so far great game!"
,Recommended,332310,16164875,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Blackhawk,"Best $15 I've ever spent on a game, if you like LEGO in any way, you should buy it now and enjoy! Even at it current state of the game is super fun! Cannot wait to see what's coming.*Pros*Super funGood controlFully Compatible with 360 ControllerGreat graphicsGreat environments*Cons*Lack of multiple profile selection (I think because of early access)Will consume hours of  your life and you won't regret it xDThe real question is why are you reading this instead of playing it?"
76561197968934084,Recommended,332310,16125683,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,FancyLad,"Cutting right to the Minecraft comparisons:First of all, my kid loves it already.  Any problems I have are nitpicks from an adult perspective who can see the potential for a true Minecraft 2.0 killer.  That said, I like it, and will be back.My first impression is that it plays a lot like the Lego story games set in a minecraft world.  Fighting destroying and collecting coins have been ramped up.  Creation, destruction, exploration and unlocking new items is fun, but will run out.  Longevity will rest on the creation toolset, and I have a thought.  Minecraft is addictive because of how easy it is to build.  Redstone ensures that you are only limited by your own creativity.  So how does LEGO Worlds stack up?  ""Building"" is more or less a three click affair.  Once something is unlocked and paid for, you can build it anywhere and the terraforming and creation is done for you.  This is a double edge sword.  On one hand building a town will be a piece of cake, and once multiplayer is implemented, you will be able to populate large areas very quickly.  On the other, it takes away from the guarenteed uniqueness each minecraft world.The individual brickbuilding tools are there, but they are as clunky as trying to build with a pile of bricks on your living room floor where your are only allowed to use one of those arm extending grabbers instead of your hands.  I'm sure this will get refined.This game mirrors Minecraft in it's lack of physics, this makes me sad, because as a kid, I would spend hours with my brother building catapults.  We would launch rocks at eachothers catapults until one was too broken to work.  I don't see how that is possible here.  There may be motorized parts, but the interaction between objects is nonexistant.  I also hope there is a way to build your own vehicles at some point.  Multiplayer is going to put this game to the test.Pros:The LEGO look has been nailed.The biomes are varied, dense and detailed.The world is made of the tiniest bricks, which adds to the detail.There are no rules.Creative and Survival modes exist at the same time.Explore to unlock.Potential to unlock realworld kits for use in game.Destruction is satisfying.The sheer volume of figs, props and creations.Riding a dragon.Mowing lawns replaces bumpy bricks with smooth flat ones.Steamrollers lay roads.The driller, wow, it is fun to drive.Eagles, planes, motorcycles.Cons:No physics engine.Mouse and Keyboard control doesn't play well with controller controlsSelection tools are pretty rough.The obvious setup for microtransaction after microtransaction.No MP yetWorld creation options not present yetNo aiming retecule.  Not a big deal till you blow a hole in the side of your castle when you were aiming at a skeletonNo first person modeBrick building tools are really tedious"
,Recommended,332310,16132568,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Armaron,"Started out as an Old Timey Prospector. Discovered there was an island on the horizon. Went over to it and found more wacky characters. Continued on my journey until I was flying on the back of a fire spewing dragon as a female pirate! The Randomness has hit critical mass! This game has some serious potential to be AWESOME. Yes, just like the song..."
76561198133627286,Recommended,332310,16132312,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,allan.elwood,Fantastic start. What it really needs is a first person view and more mouse/keyboard friendly controls like minecraft. To me that would be top priority before any of the other planned additions. other than that it's a great start and worth it's entry price. I would really like to see Technic added in future with physics so we could build our own working contraptions.
,Recommended,332310,33332403,Posted: 6 July,all,Cogger (temporarily inactive),"Fun little game, both adventure and sandbox-wise. First of all, in-genre and in most aspects, it's miles more entertaining than other sandbox games.On the other hand it suffers from No Mans Sky disease, and have a few things that sounded way more promising before I played it.Aside from how fun it is, it's still chaotic with all the bugs and glitches, missions that render useless because of minor bugs, it can get annoying. But, at least to me, building and roaming in an open lego world with my buddies, definitely balances these flaws......for now."
76561198277373172,Recommended,332310,30434150,Posted: 10 March,all,Cookie,this game is absolutely amazing i got the game when it was in early acces and i've bin playing it since i really reccomend this game if you like lego games
76561198190437293,Recommended,332310,16119273,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Omni - - csgolive.com,"Really amazing you can find new people and creatures. I love it a lot its like you just building with legos. SOOO FUNNN. But needs multiplayer now. One more thing though. Even though this is a lego game, seeing my friends play this, they need to put the settings low even if there pcs are super beast and can pretty much play anything except for a lego game."
,Not Recommended,332310,30411782,Posted: 9 March,all,Hyrule Chosen One,I demand the sandbox/creative mode from Early Access to make a comebackI never wanted this. I have this game since nearly 2 years and it was much better before.
76561198073838932,Recommended,332310,25176146,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Arukin,"Pretty fun, i pretend its like one piece lego. i just was at a all desert island...... anyone wanna play online ?"
76561198171851819,Not Recommended,332310,31007441,Posted: 7 April,all,Braedon,THANKS I thought this game was for exploring NOT for finding cubes to explore BRING THE REAL GAME BACK I had alomst everything in the game i even named the dragon! now i cant even get away from the little worlds!!!!! I want Steve back i was youtubing the game untile the update!!!! I would rather play a realy laggy game than this crap!!!I miss Steve and i will never get him back ;[not lego worlds more like lego Stay in one place and do nothing!!!!
,Recommended,332310,16120768,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,ChipChunkman,"Only been playing for 20/30mins but I have so far;Skydived into a volcano.Mown a lawn.Ridden a dragon.Slapped a wizard with an ice cream cone.... (May be unrelated to game)Please buy the game, if not for the lawn mowing then just to see the media reaction when it beatsHatred in the charts..."
,Recommended,332310,19792777,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Spooky Spookval Spookman,Love it! The game is like a Lego Minecraft game. Its in early access but its still good!
,Recommended,332310,30481123,Posted: 12 March,all,Sudsy,"Want to motivate your 11 year old to type?  Want to get your 8 year old to not peck at the keyboard?Well, LEGO Worlds is your ticket to getting your kids typing.  That is of course if you only let them use the keyboard and mouse to play, and after they have used a typing tutor program prior.Thank you LEGO and Warner Brothers and the game developers for creating this Open World that I can let my children play in on my computer.  Yes, I use it as a 'carrot on the stick' to get them to learn typing and basic computer skills...  The advantage of LEGO Worlds is now they know how those skills will enhance their fun time on the computer.That, and they can leave their Lego Creations intact, and I don't step on any virtual bricks they leave lying round like the real ones(inevitably the ONE brick with the sharpest points in the middle of the living room floor in the dead of night when I forget my slippers...)."
,Recommended,332310,16122905,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,The Lone Survivor,Like Skyrim but with Legos 10/10
76561198248651036,Recommended,332310,30393741,Posted: 8 March,all,timotheninja,"It's an awesome game! My only problem is building is pretty hard, i wish it was easier. I'm not sure if it's gotten any better I haven't played for months. Can the devs add lego ninjago characters, NINJAGO!!!! Then again they probably already have, I haven't player for months! Anyways love this game keep up the good work!"
,Not Recommended,332310,30385290,Posted: 7 March,all,livingspeedbump,I've never seem a game that had such potential get ruined like this game did. They literally sucked all the fun out of it with the last patch.
76561198144846077,Not Recommended,332310,30385511,Posted: 7 March,all,Dan K,"Well they sure know how to lure buyers in during early access then take that game away and limit everything. Still so many little things that need attention yet dont get any; like keeping the same resolution and video settings when you close teh game, or even controller support that doesn't make it split screen half the time. Sad :/"
,Not Recommended,332310,24127293,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Махiматоя,"Unfortunately, as much as I wanted to love this game, this falls short of a game that should have the proud LEGO title, so until this gets an upgrade, this game will be a blemish among the likes of the LEGO star wars saga and their batman games. This game has a lot of promise, it's just not putting it in the right places.So, basically, you start by falling into a randomly seed generated world, much like minecraft, but everything is now made of legos. You can go around and build things with legos, find characters, items, structures, and vehicles. There's not much more to say. When you find a character, animal, etc. you unlock it. This allows you to purchase the item and be able to spawn it whenever you want. These vehicles and other things have special abilities such as flight, fire breathing (if we're talking dragons and such), and digging. A few of them also serve aesthetic purposes such as the steam roller which flattens and paves land (and water, but flaws are coming up). Now, this sounds cool and all, but the experience is non existent once you unlock everything, which is as far as I got. I had experienced and found every character, every vehicle, every block, every animal.Now, while you have a large variety of tools and thingamabobs at your disposal, they aren't particularly unique. The dragon breathes fire. The wizard shoots fire. The driller digs. THE STEAMROLLER IS COOLER THAN ALL OF THESE, AND IT'S CHEAPER AND IS USED FOR LANDSSCAPING, NOT DESTRUCTION WHICH SHOULD BE THE COOL PART. Alright, anyways. Time to list flaws. There are no unique objects in this game. Chances are, you've seen or heard of everything in this game elsewhere, what you haven't heard of is still lame (that fire walker dude is big, walks, and spits fire. useless), and if its ability sounds cool you've overestimated what it'll do for you (unless the legendary steamroller is what you're thinking about because it makes on helluva driveway, unlike the expensive as heck driller because that just finds you some more rock).This game has two basic functions that you can do which are not associated with vehicle abilities: building and fighting. fighting is terrible. It's just autolocking and clicking the mouse until your enemy dies. Building, however, might have been good... if it was good. At all. The system is clunky, and chances are you'll have trouble building a house so basic the ""LEGO system"" line wouldn't have used it.Exploration however, is something I can definitely commend. My experience of crawling over a plastic brick dune to enter a large pyramid for the retrieval of a dynamite weapon was superb, seeing as it has always been fun to crawl through these monuments and find their secrets.Now, my two pet peeves. The first is objects. You can acquire special objects that you can't build with bricks and then just place to make it appear, like a piano. The part that sucks is they often place wierdly and your OCD will kill you enought to try and recreate the piano, resulting in something much more crappy because like I said, the building is bad. Next is water. You can't go underwater, it hovers because it doesn't flow, and you can steamroll pavement onto it. 'Nuff said. To improve the game, I suggest that you be able to find detailed bricks which you can take into a special editor where you can build your own vehichles and objects, along with a survival mode. That's all I need, otherwise, jesus steamroller/10."
,Recommended,332310,28302694,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,DrOvenToastPhD,"This is really a game that you must play.I, myself, find LEGO really expensive, which is hard since I really love LEGO and I can't continue this passion if the prices are high. Until this was made. Even if it's $14.99, it's worth it because you get all the LEGO in your lifetime.Even though this game runs like a potato in my computer, it's still a very enjoyable game."
,Recommended,332310,16121802,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Smirwarf,Became a Bazooka wielding Mad Wizard who rides a Dragon roasting everything in my path.   best... game.... ever!! *just wish they had multiplayer*
76561198087053330,Recommended,332310,16505673,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Teen Angst,"I loved playing this game. It has a lot of potential and I can't wait for co-op. Also, it would be amazing if they added lego Star Wars."
,Recommended,332310,18446075,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,OwainDoesMC,THIS IS THE BEST LEGO GAME YET! LIKE LEGO DIMENSONS! ITS AWSOME BUT I WONDER WHY DID'NT THEY USE THE PREVIOUS GAME CHARARCTER'S LIKE LEGO BATMAN 3 BEYOND GOTHAM AND LEGO JARRISIC WORLD
,Recommended,332310,18600507,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,=[OG]=Cryptor,This game is going to be awesome when it is done.If U like LEGO then this game is a must have.
76561198142349795,Recommended,332310,18439650,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Tiny Rick,"I only have one thing to say... BEST GAME EVER MADE!!! I am a huge fan of Lego even though I dont really have the money to buy the real-life expensive sets, this game replaces that. However, this game is even better than real life Lego. Although you dont get the same hands on feeling, the experience in the game will cover that. The first time I launched this I justhad the stupidest smile on my face. I really recommend buying this game."
,Recommended,332310,30420606,Posted: 9 March,all,osc075,this is a greate game . get it now. have you got it yet ?
76561198077506819,Recommended,332310,16513626,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Gremloid,"Lego Worlds may be one of the most enjoyable gaming expierience I;ve had in long time on my PC. Its still in early access, which means there are glitches and less content then a full game. However; this game looks like it is going down a bright path. With the first of many major content updates already anounced, I can't wait to see how this game evolves. I recommend buying this game now, since its been said that early access will be cheaper than the full release, and you get to personally see how the game develops. Even in its early state, Lego Worlds is a blast. A must buy for any Lego fan, and anybody looking for a great game."
,Recommended,332310,16127929,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,tictac?!,i stepped on a lego as a child and i think its still embedded
76561198073255330,Not Recommended,332310,30394233,Posted: 8 March,all,Zasso,"i used to love this game, me and my son would play for hours! i am not a Minecraft fan, so i really liked Legos twist on that style of game. and was excited to see an actual launch. i work at Best Buy and was hyping this game up, now i feel foolish because its not the same game i have been playing. ive had this game for over 6 months more to a year, and ive loved it. now it seems they switched the games on me.... very dissapointed i hope they switch it back to open world as everyone is requesting.  SUPER SAD FACE!"
,Recommended,332310,30389231,Posted: 8 March,all,Hitokiri Battousai,This game is way more fun than a Lego game should be. I'm impressed
,Recommended,332310,30396851,Posted: 8 March,all,SpaceSentinel,"For all true LEGO fans, this is a dream game. Unlimited free build, a galaxy to explore, and gold bricks to collect. Only master builders can see the potential. Use your imagination. Discovery is major part of the game, the excitement of finding new objects and bricks. This is an extremely creative focused game, but has other elements to appeal to the more action-oriented people. I highly recommend this if you're greatly into lego."
76561198241082486,Recommended,332310,29530027,Posted: 27 January,all,mdntrail,Played so far for 3.4 hours and would say it's worth the 15 dollars!
76561198201953114,Recommended,332310,31130295,Posted: 13 April,all,Baka_Shinji,is gud meme
,Recommended,332310,30501621,Posted: 13 March,all,DomEReapeR,"A better space exploring game than No Man's SkyIn all seriousness, it's pretty magical, makes me feel like a kid again.There better be Lego Rock Raiders stuff in this at some point! And on that note I hope you add a workshop!"
76561198342019574,Recommended,332310,30894244,Posted: 1 April,all,Brady,Really fun game!!!
76561198061482659,Not Recommended,332310,30396159,Posted: 8 March,all,JOL1990,They took out the part that i liked in this game.. the big creative mode. i didnt want a game that locks us out of stuff and forcing us to do quests to just get a big world.Bring back open world creative or you will probably loose the core group that plays your game that is in it for building. This was a big infinite lego box to me.. you just turned in to an average boring lego game..
,Recommended,332310,16507785,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Liam,"This game is really fun.If you like discovering things, then this is REALLY FUN!"
76561198238301832,Recommended,332310,21483994,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Phylxpkmn,"When I first loaded this game up, I was like, "" This is going to be like every other boring lego game I ever played."" However, I soon found that I was wrong. After the first 5 hours I played, when I finally put the computer down, I was like, ""Mind, BLOWN!!!"" I would recommend this games for anybody who likes Minecraft, Terraria, or any other sandbox games. There's only 1 flaw. Now every time I try to load a world it takes 10 minutes to load..... THIS IS BAD!!! Otherwise, I give Lego Worlds a 10/10 IGN"
76561197992304258,Not Recommended,332310,33328360,Posted: 6 July,all,Phenian,"LEGO Worlds is a fun game, but prepare to have your patience tested as you deal with many bugs.As a note, joining a friend's game, you will be treated as a drop in / drop out splitscreen player in that you can't save your customization or money. Only player 1 really matters. Player 2 can scan and unlock stuff though. Player 2 will often freeze and have to restart their game.I can't recommend a game with so many bugs. The poor multiplayer design can be forgiven though."
,Recommended,332310,22092315,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,テルヘルト🐾,Quite an interesting sandox.
,Not Recommended,332310,23608533,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,TickL,"Got it a year ago, looked promising and enjoyed the direction it went.Now, a year later, it's like nothing really improved - the sandbox enviroment still holds no value as if the game had no real direction beyond existence."
,Not Recommended,332310,25103413,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Rize,"It seems like a great game, don't get me wrong. But, it could be improved.1. Optimize the game better. All of my time spent in this game was me trying to launch it.2. Add a steam workshop. We wanna make our own minifigures and models.3. I get it's in early access but it seems limited. I want more customization for my minifigure."
,Recommended,332310,16208741,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Brother T,"It isn't a minecraft killer. Lack of a survival mode (even in the future) will insure that. At the moment the lack of content sucks but hey, it just came out and has a long way to go. Still, it's kinda fun. The controls are a bit wonky and ungainly. I hope there are more environments in the future and more wildlife.  I really hope they include many many LEGO sets in the future, and the ability to create your own vehicles. I once took a large helicopter set and turned it into some kinda battle vehicle, i want to recreate that and have it able to fly. That was when i was little of course...but still. This game has a lot of potential if done properly... only time will tell."
76561197970469977,Not Recommended,332310,23597391,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,JCB,I think giving a free copy only to new buyers while the game is still in early access and not rewarding your original supporters is a very bad move that will backfire on this games reputation.I am very disappointed.
76561198064599475,Not Recommended,332310,18136354,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Rudedog,"This is an Early Access Review.  I am still quite optimistic about this game, and I expect to change my recommendation before or when this leaves early access, but right now I don't think it's worth playing.The game *is* playable, and commendably stable in its frame rate, but not yet worth its cost.  I'd compare it to a late alpha Minecraft, but Minecraft in beta was a LOT better than this current build. My biggest complaints are it's easy to outpace the world generator while moving quickly and the UI is redamentary at best. However, the biggest problem is that there simply isn't enough to do or see.  Devs have said they are focusing on exploration and building, but the crude procedurally generated world doesn't yet have enough polish to warrent exploring and building models can only get you so far.  The shadow of a survival game is there, but is currently being ignored.  It's the foundation of a good game, but it's not yet worth more than a couple hours of play before losing its appeal.  Multiplayer is planned, but still quite a ways off.  At this point in its development, there is remarkably little this game does that Minecraft doesn't do better.Bottom line: It's not fun enough yet to buy, but check back later because it has a lot of potential."
76561198122022354,Recommended,332310,29979398,Posted: 17 February,all,Youkimura Sanada,"ADD workshop for this game that be awsome with mods .STAR WARS mods ,Pre history mods,WW2 mods or WW1 mods and overwatch ,team fortress 2 and more more more :Dplease add and I am they very very very HAPPY!!!"
,Not Recommended,332310,23596017,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Spazfrag,"Lego is a big name to live up to and this one not only misses the mark, but doesn't even seem to know where the mark is.Pros:-Clear distinct (familiar) art style.-Character animation is lively and adds to the feel of the actions by the player.Cons:-The weakest Lego title by far.-Looks pretty, but has no substance and ends up being aimless.-It's just like real Lego.   Expensive for what you get, and you find yourself getting bored in an hour or two, looking for something else to do.-Development over the past year has been slow, despite them finally adding a broken multiplayer element.-The user interface is clumsy.-The game is a blank slate sandbox with no clear direction that gets boring rather quickly.-Warner Brothers Publisher.....This is normally the part where I would say, ""But it's Early Access and these developers need your support"", but sadly this is not the case.    This developer has made it very clear that supporters are not appreciated and all they care about is generating new sales while giving those that helped them the silent cold shoulder.Perhaps one day in the distant future this might be a good game, but if the development over the past year is an indication of what's to come then I wouldn't hold out much hope."
,Recommended,332310,20062152,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,obscurr,"So far, I haven't played that much, but here are the first things I did in the game.1) Skydive out of thin air on to land without dying.2) Swim because I didn't know what else to do.3) Rode a Shark.4) Got back to land.5) Found woman, hoping she would be my wife, I murdered her.6) Found wizards who wanted eggs.7) Found Elephant and rode it into water.8) Left Elephant and got on Ostrich.9) Ostrich died ""mysteriously""10) Built grave for Ostrich.11) Learned I could buy a new Ostrich with gold I get from killing things and hitting bushes.12) Died to the woman I saw before.13) Quit Game.14) Listen to Adele and eat ice cream.15) Cried myself to sleep thinking about Ostrich.16) Woke up.17) Wrote this review...11/10 - IGN pls hire me"
,Not Recommended,332310,31146312,Posted: 14 April,all,OpTIMmo,"Nearly every review complains about the controls to this game. Why are the controls SO TERRIBLE?? My message to TT Games this: Go play another 3rd person game.. ANY third person game and copy those controls. Specifically, selecting tools is a chore and using the terrain tool, just forget it. The terrain tools make even less sense than the rest. It sounds like a minor thing to complain about, but for me and from what I've read, for others, it ruins the game."
76561197971517237,Not Recommended,332310,23576995,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,_Joe___,"I bought this game as soon as it was available. Six updates later it still isn't fun to play. It fails to incorporate anything that makes LEGOs fun. Building is time consuming and unrewarding. Using pre-built buildings adds little value - there's nothing to do in them. The NPCs, the buildings, the vehicles add no context to anything you'd imagine. It truly is a sandbox, but the best part about playing with LEGOs - injecting your stories into the blocks - is so far almost impossible and incredibly work oriented to even attempt. At this stage I'd say wait until they release it. At least then you'd see whether the potential is matched by the program."
76561198113055247,Recommended,332310,16962827,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Messias,nice game.
,Recommended,332310,16199764,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,King,"8/10Great ideas and very nice visuals. This game was made for kids and people who grew up with legos alike.Plenty of creative tools but some such as the export/copy function need more instruction for beginners.I especially enjoyed the colour sprayer. Painting the ocean pink and giving mountains a facelift is incredibly addicting.Lots of great content and discovery for now but, will need more things to do/see to survive.I reccomend this to people who enjoy casual exploration and legos. As well as to support the development."
,Recommended,332310,18217584,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,McLar3n,Extreme Game for creativity and building
76561198073512226,Recommended,332310,16123812,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Dalator,"this is the most amazing game I've played all Lego games around! : D you have so much you can do, there are endless possibilities! This is a game for the whole family. building, explore, create your own worlds!"
,Recommended,332310,17073278,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,5000 L㏌es Of Hoﬆile Iǌectюn Code,"Please ad starwars characters with the ""force"" and star wars  Weapons like lightsabers, dubble lightsabers and blastersI give the Game ★★★★★/★★★★★"
,Recommended,332310,20679355,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Dachklempner,Super Spiel ;)
,Recommended,332310,16165078,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Megumin,"A very very fun game, you can do pretty much anything to your imagination and I'll be watching it grow bigger and better!"
,Recommended,332310,16376660,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Sgt_sackboy_,"I WAS THINKING OF A LEGO GAME LIKE THIS YESTERDAY AND HERE I AM :D!Suggestions for future:1: Flat land mode for block building, etc.2: Thats really all i want rite now..."
76561198024994579,Recommended,332310,19367379,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,ZAS1000,"Great game, but it is still early accsess. when they add multiplayer it will be awesome"
,Recommended,332310,16140867,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Lex Marston,"LEGO Worlds is all about exploration and discovery. There are so many cool characters, animals, vehicles, buildings, etc in the game that you'll spend hours upon hours flying from island to island unlocking new things to later build those islands up with. That's essentially what the game boils down to:Part 1: Explore and unlock things by simply just finding them.Part 2: Build up your world with all the cool things you find.There's no survival aspect, other than don't be killed by skeletons or animals. It's the sandbox LEGO game experience so many of us have wanted for all these years. I'm not going to list pros, because there are way too many small things that you should discover on your own, but I will list some cons.CONS-Some of the islands are just too small and spaced out. Sometimes you'll have to fly around for minutes looking for another spot of land.-The view depth is shallow, blurring a lot of your surroundings a bit.-Best played with a controller. Controls can be very wonky either way, but playing with a mouse and keyboard was nearly unbearable for me.-There's no real challenge to the game, although that could also be a pro. Having all this stuff to build with might get frustrating if someone's constantly tearing it apart. (Just like with real-life LEGOS).-The cars controls are pretty bad and made me sick more times than not.-Can't locate any map of the world. Maybe it's an unlockable item?-The game is repetitive and doesn't really have much of a point to it outside of exploration and building. Again, that's not a problem for myself, but it may be for others.All in all, LEGO Worlds is an incredible game that will hopefully only get better as time goes by. I've had a smile on my face nearly the whole time I've played it. WELL worth the $15 price!"
76561198088634649,Recommended,332310,16263696,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Sexy Trump,"This game is super fun, but I do have a few suggestions. Have more enemys to fight."
76561198147016955,Recommended,332310,16425117,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Local Man,love this game and i know it will become greater as time goes by
76561198297606777,Recommended,332310,30749266,Posted: 26 March,all,TheFlashBangYouTube,This game was awsome and has improved since the beta but this game once promiced freedome and a gigantic world of opertunity now its just an explore the world and finish the game kind of game.
,Recommended,332310,16178717,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,MIKE SLAVOISKI,gud game must get
76561198097230967,Recommended,332310,17221652,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,xXxX_BL4D3_XxXx,Very good game but they should add full controller support.
,Recommended,332310,16704338,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,deeperlevel,"Great game. You can create your own lego-world.Pros:Nice to build with lego, nice options: brick by brick or set by set.Cheap, at the moment,Nice world to explore. You meet people, unfortunatly you can't talk to them. There are treasures hidden.You gain extra options just walking around.Cons:There is no game-layover: you can't score or reach a next level.Controls have to get better.Read more:http://www.deeperlevel.nl/platform/pc/game-virtueel-bouwen-met-lego/"
,Recommended,332310,16201783,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Krypto,Find submarineCross seaFind volcano landTame dragonKill everythingFind drill carDrill a holeAccidentally destroy drill carSkydiveRe-mount dragonFly to mushroom landDestroy everythingFly to graveyard landKill vampireSave and quit10/banana would buy again
76561198139714216,Recommended,332310,16204757,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,eroki,ten ottah ten. this game is awesome just running around exploring is REALY fun and building is just as fun. The terrain editing tools are realy handy for flating out the ground for a village or making a cool-looking mountain. I whuld nominate this game for GOTY now and its only in early-acces.ups:-cool exploring aspect-buying props or animals and such makes gathering studs worth the time it takes-the building is amazing you can build almoust everything-carachter customiser mekes your guy into your guy and not anyone elses-the terrain beeing made entierly out of lego makes it look so cool and it beeing modifieble is awesomedowns:-no rods/poles or doors in brick-building mode-it does not run at 30 fps on a laptop but again it's in development
,Recommended,332310,16405491,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Jeebus Crust,"11/10 ""It has Legos"""
,Recommended,332310,16153862,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,demø デモ,Is gr8
76561198121934042,Recommended,332310,16186506,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,RAMBO,Its a very good game i have to say but it have its bad things to. I mostly like the idea of having a open world thing where you have to collect all the things you want but i dont like that it saves those things to every other world. It´s also good that you can find characters but its to easy to find characters i would like them to only be find in NPC buildings and stuff like that. Its one more thing that i dont like with the characters it is that they all can climb walls i want it to only be a special character or some spikeshoes that you can find and climb with. But the game is very fun and you can find lots of thing and you never know when you have find every thing and thats awsome. there is also a bugg that i want the makers of this game to look in to. Some times when you walk around in the world you can see props floting and thats a bugg i think so please look in to it. I want so many things to come to this game and i hope this is the last one so i want a crafting system.PS i know that this is in the alfa stadium and thats why im giving you guys this information
76561198060532019,Recommended,332310,16391915,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,BananaDangler,11/10 would ride eagles into the sunset promoting democracy again
,Not Recommended,332310,24963432,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Zoshi,"This game had so much potential in early access. How did it live up to none of it? It's still glitchy and unpolished, building is still fiddly and tedious, quests and discoveries are still a bland grind. This never should have left early access."
,Recommended,332310,16833553,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Bananaz R Bluntz,"this game is very creative and always has you looking to explore and find more characters animals and even entire buildings, you can make your own buildings in designer and upload the file to your game this is truely an amazing game even in alpha stages it has so much more potential ""11/10 IGN"""
,Recommended,332310,16946880,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Naughtical,"This game amazed me from the start. Paul Soares Jr. and stampylongnose introduced me to this game. But the real question is, is this a good game? To answer that: YEAH! From the stunning graphics to the creative influence of the game, I'd rate it a 10/10 : Just the right amount o' water (IGN Joke of the Day). This game takes off from Minecraft's main mechanic: creativity. You can create whatever the heck ya want! Make a giant cupcake! Oh, it already has presets for it, but you can make your own in no time! The best part of building is the use of LEGO Digital Designer models in the game! If building or lag gets you down, LDD will create a town! (das a rhyme!)Overall, this game may have been one of the best I've ever played. Go ahead, buy it now! The price for early access may be less than the one for the full version later on."
,Recommended,332310,17298717,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Old Sport,"This game is actually pretty great,the only thing i would reccomend is that a feature where you can have lego sets you have in real life and have some code to put them in the game to have the actual set or the minifigure as a skin,but overall,great 9/10Now all i need to do is to upgrade my processor and get a better graphics card"
,Recommended,332310,16201459,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Sir Joan,"Игра действительно офигенная! Кто не перевёл Почему в раннем доступе скажу: мультиплейр БУДЕТ, но то, что мне вынесло мозг, это интеграция РЕАЛЬНЫХ наборов лего в игру ЛЕГО! Жаль, что у меня комп не тянет, только на минималках и  ИЗРЕДКО на средних. Вообщем Игра стоит своих денег. Ждём мультиплейра!"
,Recommended,332310,16129335,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Kjeltring,"played this about 3 hours now, and i personally love the game, for me this is kinda the new minecraft for me, a sandbox game i don't know anything about.it is really fun to explore and build.but it has it's cons, camera movement is really bad, expecially when building, no multiplayer ( will be added later though )and there is just not so much building blocks and sets atm, guess that will come later aswell8/10"
76561198128522820,Recommended,332310,16150558,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Dan Classic,"Even in early access, there is a lot here to love. procedurally generated world, sandbox gameplay, character customization and charm out the yin yang. It's already being called a ""Minecraft killer"" and it certainly is on the right track to eventually be just that. In this early state with early access games like this, it can be difficult to see what might come. But with TT and the Lego license I am confident that when this game hits full release, it will be something very special. I recommend picking this up to anyone who is a fan of Lego, Minecraft, or sandbox games in general. I'm very excited to see what this game becomes in the future and I feel lucky that I'm here to see it at the beginning."
76561198035697655,Recommended,332310,16199578,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Elberik,I'm home
,Recommended,332310,16451265,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Wrench,"This game has undergone so many changes, it astounds me. The first review i made for this game was way back in 2015, and I have had the game ever since Day 1 EA. I also cannot wait to tell you how wrong the majority of reviews are.{TL;DR at the bottom}The LEGO Worlds that I know today is anA M A Z I N GGame. Nothing about it is ""Misrepresented"".I made sure to get to the end of the game, obtain all the gold bricks, and collect a vast majority of achievements and collectables before reviewing the game fairly. When I first started, I was suprised to see that the game had gotten a MASSIVE UI overhaul, same with a graphics revamp and really great optimization. I can run this game at 60 FPS most of the time (Obviously excluding new chunk loads) and at full graphics. (AMD FX 6300 Six-core and a AMD Radeon R9 380 4gb graphics card). In a lot of earlier EA builds there was enough content to easily 100% collect. Now, after 20 hours of constant collecting, I've surpassed 700 discoveries and I find more every time I play.There have been a lot of complaints about the game that are really contradictory, leading me to believe a lot of reviewers did not even bother to finish the game. A lot just assumed that it was an entirely different game, and were let down when the quite small dev team working on the game actually delivered. I've seen a few people say that ""devs lied!"", or ""devs misrepresented!""; None of this is true. The devs did more than deliver. I cannot stand to see people say that they didn't listen to the community, because they did more than that. A massive proportion of the game right now is ALL player requested features. Randomly generated towns and cities with people in it,DUNGEONS, Quests, even having to find the bricks you use to build was a requested feature. (<- if you are too impatient to try and collect all the bricks, just use the code to unlock them all in the extras menu)TL;DR :Basically the game is exactly what it says it is, you explore giant worlds, discover litterally thousands of people, animals, vehicles, props, structures, etc. and there is nothing stopping you from building whatever you want. I'm absolutely sick and tired of people playing the game for less than an hour calling the game a waste of time when they don't spend the time to play the game to it's full potential.11/10 would participate in one of the most interactive early access communities I've ever seen for a LEGO game with this much potential again (Game still accepts suggestions btw, check it out)"
,Recommended,332310,16121188,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Add Me On PSN: Brenika !,"Friend who works for LEGO recommended it to me for my 4 year old who enjoys minecraft and playing with Lego. Brilliant game so far, so much to do, and he really enjoyed it, and gave him new ideas for what to build with his RL lego. I like the fact it starts up just like all the other Lego games so it looks familar can't wait for the multi-player add on to be put in! 10/10"
,Recommended,332310,16872182,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Scornado_YT,One of the best games i have played. I love the car spasms XD
76561198148317046,Recommended,332310,30515255,Posted: 14 March,all,PreDawnHydra,"Really enjoying the release! i dont see why people are complaining about it.This whole oh it's nothing like beta thing is annoying it's very simmalar the major difference is you must progress to unlock infinite worlds (ok by me). to me it's much better than beta because there is actualy goals now, and traveling to different worlds without haveing to create a whole new save is very uniqe.The only complaints i have is that the world generation is a bit weird (might just be my settings) but things tend to just kinda pop into veiw. Also it could use a search bar for collected items because after you collect a bunch of stuff things get hard to find :Pother than that great game enjoying it so far"
,Recommended,332310,30510666,Posted: 14 March,all,-W3E- The Mean Bean Machine,"Contrary to what most might say, this game is just as much of a sandbox game as it is a collectithon. In early access, the collecting was more easygoing. Now however, you have to collect many more things than you previously had to, including the tools. If you just want a sandbox and don't desire collecting the items to build with, I suggest you be a little cautious with this title. It is good for what it's trying to be, though. 8.3/10 is my rating, and I'm attempting not to be biased here."
,Recommended,332310,16131970,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,[PL] Jay,Two WordsBEST GAME EVERwait oops that was three wordsi was so excited i couldnt countTHIS IS EPIC
76561198154063335,Recommended,332310,16253426,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Pickle Rick,Best game ever its a game thats lego about lego and it is awsome.
,Recommended,332310,16285909,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,YesThisIsPatrick,I tried to use the giant drill underwater and was launched off the map.10/10 Would Drill Again
76561198200159418,Recommended,332310,16262636,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,TheEnderBoss / JohnEKat,"It's great. You can build brick by brick, explore, find cool buildings and loot them, Unlock awesome characters, ride animals and vehicles, make custom characters, and even more!"
,Recommended,332310,16269807,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,SNateX,I have no words. This game is just plain amazing. Works great on low end computers too! Not getting any lower than 25 :)
76561198044420302,Recommended,332310,16164533,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Mullic Rav,"First allow me to say a few points, yes i know at the time of this review, i've only played about three hours, and to a secondary note, all lego game i've played have yet to dissapoint me.now on to the review!simply put this game is actually quite impressive, especially for early access, the game it self for what it's attempting, is hitting it's mark, the mark? Building Legos and playing with them, the differance between this and real life? this you can spawn as many legos as you wish for 15 dollars! now i am most likely not the first when saying, this game does have some cons (But name one game you had NO complaints on, as in NONE...) but nothing game breaking, to the sense of minecraft as you make a world that's procidrually generated, but still to the lego creativity.now let's go down the list shall we?Pros:-You may create many, many, MANY things with legos, the sky is the limit!-you can destroy ANYTHING, why? cause EVERYTHING is legos! want to destroy that pond? Go for it! that ruin? knock you'r self out! that cloud? Yep!-Build ONTO anything! this really is a lego game, so why not?-Character customization! this is a good ""Want"" in any game i play, and this did'nt dissapoint, yes you do have to go a collect the characters, but hey, just gives you more to do! (NOTE: if you don't collect it through walking up to the person, Destroy them because they are most likely a violent character. aka skeletons, vampires, dark wizards, ect)-Traversing, vehicles, mounts, even simply climbing a mountain, you can even climb a ceiling! this game isn't cutting edges on this topic!-Spawn! when i say this i mean basically, any creatures or people you've collected, you can click and drag them to spawn them into you'r world!-Seperate character from you'r worlds. in the sense of cube world, you'r character is completely seperate from you'r worlds.Now the Cons:-Combat, i put this here just because, it needs a LITTLE work, and i'm sure i'm not the only one who thinks this.Now, Finally, this is a few things that i beleive the game cound make it better, but are'nt neccessary.-Ability of giving Npc's a Simplistic A.I, for those who like to give their stores and towns a little more... character!-Npc Customization-Vehicle customization-Bionicle parts, mostly for Giant mechs and such, maybe even a few scenes recreations from the movies."
76561197986301204,Recommended,332310,16123691,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,twitch.tv/troy223,"if you loved lego growing up or any other lego game you will like this game!it gives you options to pick a world (i dont no how many i looked though about 10) once in the game you skydive onto the ground and start looking for chests, animals, buildings, other lego chars, planes the list gose on.it gives you two  buildoptions 1: is like a minecraft you have your lego bricks and build from scatch but you cant build as quick as you can on minecraft.option 2: you can put down pre built items i.e castles houses and other building you discoverythe map is big and you can build on land or on sea the only downfall of the game at the moment is their is no multi player option but have heard they will be bringing that in how soon i dontyou all should buy this game if you love lego!!!!!"
,Recommended,332310,16124632,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,penguinlord626,"This makes me very wonderfully happy. I killed a warlock, threw some fireballs around, and mounted a bear and rode it into battle against some skeletons. I am super excited for the potential this has. Animations are cute and well done, most seem pulled right from Telltale's other lego games. I'm really impressed with this so far."
,Recommended,332310,16353851,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,fcknmrcls,"I would recomment this game for you, only if you REALLY want to mess around in a LEGO world, as I did. It is not nearly a full game yet, but this should be obvious for anyone wanting to purchase it. It has very much potential, and could easily be the best game ever for LEGO fans, or anyone who enjoys being creative.I am not going to list the pros and cons, since at this point it would be pointless. I am, however, going to list some of my suggestions for the game.- There could be an optional FPS view, even if only for the insides of buildings (etc), to really be able to live your dream of being in a LEGO world you created.- There should be 2 modes, a survival and a creative, since now there is no risk in dying.That is my only two suggestions, because all the rest would be to fix minor things with the game (e.g. camera movement)So if you are sure you would enjoy the game, buy it now. If you think you need to be convinced if this was a good game and if you would like it, wait for it to come out, and then decide."
,Recommended,332310,16147817,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,"Mooga ""Watermalon""","Entered World, names it World of Doom.Find a Horse Ride it.Found a Dragon.Walk up to eaglePress EThrow Fireballs at everything you see.Fly hoping to reach space.Fail to do soJump out of Dragon.SkydivingWinning!"
,Recommended,332310,16118924,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Moist Plinth,"Very nice graphics and animations. Building interface needs a lot of work (especially the camera movements) and the other menus as well as they are very counter-intuitive. Game is already pretty fun. The amount of customization is absolutely amazing. You can build anything you want brick by brick or use prefabs. You can pick any existing LEGO brick and customize for hours. Worlds are randomly generated and full of unlockables. With regular updates and the introduction of multiplayer, this could become something very, very big. Crossing fingers."
,Recommended,332310,16124664,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Medic Twizz,I stole a dragon and rode on its back up into the clouds where I met a warlock who I then killed with fire and I stole his clothes.Funny little game.
,Recommended,332310,16122279,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,[TE] Elandrian,"This game... is unreal.  I love almost everything about it.People will compare it to Minecraft... but I think this game makes it simpler.This game focuses on exploration and building in a simpler, yet still engaging, light.Pros:Different enough from MinecraftIndividual piece placementEasy template buildingRideable AnimalsVehiclesTons of weaponsTons of charactersTons of buildingsCharacter movement is fantasticControls are easy.Cons:Still lags as terrain is generated (not a huge deal)No multiplayerMore video options (maybe draw distance?)This game is fantastic and amazing and definitely a love letter to Lego fans.I would kill a man to have some multiplayer in this game... It'd be unbelievably fun."
,Recommended,332310,16150574,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,AspenTheWolf,"For an Early Access game, this is GREAT. I've been wanting this for years! Ever since I first played around with the World Editor in LEGO Harry Potter, I've wanted them to expand to something like this.Things that are awesome:-Proceduraly generated terrain-You unlock things by finding them and can later build them again-Ridable animals and vehicles-Runs really well! (Even on my very old laptop)-You can build anything you want from an unlimited supply of LEGOs-There is a DRAGON :D-That dragon can fly-The texture quality is amazing, but you'll need a computer better than mine to take advantage of thatThings I hope they add-Multiplayer-Option to play in Windowed Mode (not fullscreen)-Vehicle editor/creator-Ability to save/load/rebuild your own LEGO creations-More control optionsMy biggest grief is that currently the controls are weird in that they don't orient to the direction of the character/vehicle but to the direction of the camera. So if you flip the camera around to the front and then press forward... you go backward... which is weird and annoying. Oh, and you have to play fullscreen whether you like it or not, there is no toggle button for it (that I could find).I would 100% recommend this game to anyone who enjoys LEGOs, LEGO games, open-world type games, or Minecraft. Here, your imagination is not limited by the number of bricks you have, just the time and GPU power you have."
76561198007461937,Recommended,332310,16135890,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Caweca,"Forget your life, forget your girlfriend, forget your exams, your work or that anything else exists. This game is a must have, after finally riding a dragon and after finding a Yeti, I know that my life is complete, I can die in peace. :)I got so addicted to this game, was not expecting to have so much fun nor to be able to enjoy it that much, but during the roughly one hour that I played it, it was the most awesome, stupendous and fantastic time of my life, much better than drugs or unicorns! 50/10 -> a must have, an obligatory title for everyone that loves Lego or to create your own sandbox game."
,Recommended,332310,16157087,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Ragnarok V,WE NEED ONLINE
,Recommended,332310,16128333,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,INFINITE,"TLDR;  Nostalgia Simulator 2015\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\What this game needs:-Inverted Y axis-Changing sensitivity-Other camera Controls (Perspective; close 3rd person/far 3rd person, 1st person etc.)-Co-Op-Multiplayer-Scenarios-Steam Workshop items-Dungeons to explore (more dungeons similar to the pyramid would be fun aswell, also ones with puzzles to solve and things to build like in the other lego games)-More enemies (currently there seems to only be skellys)-More tools that allow your character to quickly craft the land and objects without having to navigate through the menu-A quick find menu (similar to GTA's weapon wheel) where you can put items that u want to be able to sue readily)-More places to explore (towns, caves, dungeons, guilds)-Quests/Missions that NPCs can assign you-a Map-Sound control (some vehicles are really loud and after a while (flying) it can give you a headache)Things I love about this game-The ridiculousness (was able to ride a husky)-The various animals u can ride-The visuals, i love how clean everything looks-The exploration-The gathering of tools and equipment-The short cutscences when your introduced to a new biome and a new type of NPC-The nostalgia of being able to have unlimited legos at your disposal and on a virtual world too!-The fluidity of the movement (its crazy how smooth all the animations are and you would be suprised how fun it is to simply clime a tree!)If they could implement all these cool movements into an obstacle course/puzzle room in a dungeon it would make for a super fun experience... then add co-op and you got yourself a great game!"
,Recommended,332310,16122629,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Trogdor,Can ride a dragon 10/10
76561198043935421,Recommended,332310,16136158,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Bob Ross,"A very, very good game but if you are having any performance problems or just want more fps make sure to run it on directX 9, you have to load up the game, start a new world and then you can do it from the options menu. Hope this helped."
,Recommended,332310,16179357,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Alexander Mejiah,"Great game for an early acces, i have some issues with scaling and black screns, but totally recomended."
76561198043454983,Recommended,332310,16163232,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Oh hi Mark,If this Game gets an Adventure Mode with Achievements in which you can do quests and stuff with your friends together (Like Co-op) I'll never see Daylight again. (Seriously there is so much Potential)Even this Early Access Version of the Game is worth the money.
,Recommended,332310,16163349,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Sidmeth,"Highly recommend this game if you're a fan of both the LEGO games and Minecrafts creative game mode!It's like having your own digital box of LEGO and being able to build anything (as is LEGO).Pros-Runs well (30fps on my machine due to a poor CPU)It's LEGO...Plenty of things to explore and unlock (Mounts, Vehicles, Minifigs and items)Cons-Camera isn't great (too close behind the plane imo)Not a whole load of content in the ways of objectives and naratives (could fix with steam creator support)In conclusion I think it needs some sort of narative from some NPC's or a way fro people to create levels and stories though the Steam mods system and there needs to be more options for the camera. Other than that it's an excellent game and it's worth the buy now even if nothing is ever added to it."
,Recommended,332310,16155958,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,lysander1313,"I'll try to keep this updated as the game updates.I used a controller to play the game, after hearing people talk about issues with mouse/keyboard. The game plays fine with a controller; if you've played any other Lego game before, you'll feel pretty at home here. The major notable exception is building. I actually found it easier to use the mouse and keyboard to build stuff.The good:DRAGONS! I was in the game for maybe ten minutes before coming across a dragon. Since everything else I had come across was rideable, I figured dragons would also fall in this category. They are. They shoot fireballs. At everything. People, plants, objects, castles, igloos, the ground... clouds... if it's there, it can be blown up with a fireball. I am pleased.Skydiving. This is how you enter the world, and also a mechanism you can use to get unstuck... or because you like skydiving, and it looks really cool.Lots of stuff. For an early access title, there sure is a lot of collectible junk. Everything from prebuilt items to new characters. Also, you can make your character wield a banana as a weapon.Vehicles/mounts. Having access to such a wide array of things that you can use to traverse the landscape makes exploration much more entertaining.The environment. The world looks charming and interesting. The aesthetic is obviously similar to Minecraft, but it's also reminiscent of Cube World, which I absolutely adore. There are already a ton of different biomes to explore, each with their own collectibles. Only one has dragons, from what I've seen so far.The idle animations. Find yourself a camel or an ostrich and just sit there for a moment and see what happens. The animations in general in this game are really well done, and very adorable.The bad:Graphics distance. What I mean by that is when I'm flying around on my dragon, the world looks significantly grainer and blurrier than it does close up. I know there are just going to be some limitations, but I hope that this is improved before the full release.Enemies. Honestly, they're just sort of there at this point. They aren't really a threat; more of an annoyance than anything. If they're going to be in the game, I'd like to have a bit of a challenge. Also, they aren't instantly destroyed by fireballs from a dragon. I'm sure the developer will fix this grievous oversight.Dragons only come in red. Red dragons are great, but I want black dragons. And green dragons. Maybe blue dragons as well.Performance:For the most part, I had no problems running the game on my GTX 650 on high textures. As I mentioned before, the game doesn't look particularly great from a distance. Close up, it's looking fantastic.There were some issues maintaining framerate in relatively intensive areas. Again, this was on high textures, so that might have something to do with it. But I noticed in some areas the framerate would drop substantially. Most notably, around lava and when glitching out.Glitches. Most vehicles seem to work okay (although something about finding a submarine on top of a giant hill makes me giggle), but the digger is... well, it's not quite there. Don't get me wrong, its fun, but I've had it flip out and shoot itself across the map a few times. UPDATE: So, if you try digging water (which you can actually do), that's a surefire way to cause the digger to glitch out horribly and send you flying into the sky. You can exit it and skydive back down, but it doesn't always seem to put you close to where you started.Overall, this is a pretty solid game for an early access title. It will benefit greatly with the addition of multiplayer, which it doesn't yet include. If you're a fan of dragons, Legos, dragons, and also dragons, I think there's fun to be had in the game, even in this early state. But right now, you're probably going to be investing in the future of this game."
76561198071974334,Recommended,332310,16152669,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Ben_of_Men,"UPDATE: They messed with camera angles again and it got worse. STOP messing up camera angles. Hardly playable now, you can't see if you are going to jump into lava, the camera doesn't know when you turned around so going into buildings is near impossible. It was better the first time.Start. bump into plants. able to use them. bump into people able to steal their identity. killed some enemies able to become them. bumped into a dragon and bought it. blew up some water. blew up some lava. looted a bunch of big chests. became king. became caveman. weilded an ice cream.For real though, this game is pretty well made. I'll start with the cons.Camera angles are total crap, if you are indoors or near walls, most of the time it will block your view.Watching the terrain load is just an eye sore. Nuff said.No variety. You can stumble across new things every now and then, and the big chests with loot items are fun to hunt, but it can get repetitive, and yes I am aware it is still in progress so..Protime.Variety. I know what I said, but starting out, its like exploring a billion worlds at once. Its just after you've gotten used to the new car smell that you notice it isn't that great. There is only a finite amount of things at the moment, expecting more to come.Simple, smooth. Runs great, no lag of any kind, everything works how I think it is supposed to, everything was beautifully made.Quite a laugh, some of the things you can do, beating cave men with a fish, riding an ostrich like a mad man.Neutrals.The build system is a little shaky, but it is still good, so I can't really decide if I want to lable it bad or good. Aiming is an issue, but that ties in with the camera problem.Worth $15 (plus tax depending)? Absolutely. The cons are puny and will no doubt be fixed shortly. Buy it now before they jack the price when they realize this game is actually good. 9/10."
,Recommended,332310,16160933,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,eighty8,"Great game so far! I hope it continues because it's fantasic, but needs some more work (obviously).Pros:-Great Graphics (too good that the game lags my computer)-Decent controls. Some of the controls should be re-worked, but they're fine.-Lots to unlock. As you go around the world you unlock pre-built objects that you can use.-Good Character Customization. As you unlock characters, you can either be that character, or just build your own.-Building. The building function is good, but the block-by-block function is a little wonky.Cons:-Limited Worlds.-Menus (top left). [MY OPINION] --> The menus should either be moved and re-done, or just completely gone and instead use certian keys/buttons for each different menu.-More than one option for an action. For example, walking, I use WSAD but for attacking I use Left-Mouse Click; when I try to attack it will sometimes move my character instead.-Camera. It tries to move on its on to help, but it just messes things up instead. The choice of a fixed or un-fixed camera would be great.Overall, I think this is a great game already for only being Early-Access. If it contines to grow in the right way, it will be a big hit."
76561198004482799,Recommended,332310,16268151,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,BurningBern,"This game has great potential, but I think it needs a couple of additional features to be a full fledged game, like the ability to create NPCs and assign them AI. (Kind of like in the old Lego Creator game).Can`t wait to see the full released version!"
,Recommended,332310,16269203,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,100% Pulp Free Salad Juice,"Yes but no. Very good idea but once you get all the blocks and characters it gets somewhat boring. The building in this is too hard, to put the blocks together it takes quite a while."
,Recommended,332310,16126806,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Rev. Thwack,"A game that lets a diver driving a steam roller pave over the ocean until he manages to tame a dragon, which he then uses to go fireball a cowboy. My childhood is giddy."
76561198008329856,Recommended,332310,16125051,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Mr_Ackley,This game is a ton of fun. It needs a bit of work (local and online multiplayer would be awesome!) But its a fun game to explore. Has great potential!
,Recommended,332310,16123595,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Bonemasher,"This game is AWESOME. Don't go in expecting survival mode from minecraft though, or multiplayer.  Right now its only creative mode but the world generation is pretty amazing, and building stuff is great. Definitly recommend, this is easily worth 20 bucks even in its early access state."
,Recommended,332310,16126252,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,zxco,"Game is pretty cool, you get to go around collecting lego characters and blocks. They make it easy to aquire new mounts and vehicles. It feel more like an open sandbox than anything. It is about time a game introduced a mining machine.Fun game, get it."
76561198124864300,Recommended,332310,16220563,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Stonecliff,This game is simply awesome. BUT it is missing something that i hope will come in the future: Multiplayer.
76561198025029968,Recommended,332310,16241142,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,lynx009,"!0/10 easy as pie.The most gleeful fun, I've had in a videogame is a long time. No real objectives (yet,) no real dangerous villians (sure, a cool screaming skeleton here and there,) but somehow it doesn't take away from the experience.The game runs smoothly (I've never had any of the framerate issuse that others have complained about.) It looks awesome! Sure, I get the arguement that they are fundementally just Lego blocks, but the lighting makes these blocks look unbelievable. The controller does not in any way hinder the pc gaming experience! everthing just seems to gel, perfectly.It has a chracter editior (sure kinda simple, but they ARE lego guys!)There is also an extensive dwelling creator in the game, but honestly, I was too busy exploring this amazing random world!But in the end the best thing about this game...I made a female Thor and flew around on a bald eagle."
76561198064435161,Recommended,332310,16141563,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Seanold,Started out not knowing anything about the game. 5 minutes in I was running around smashing vegetation for money. 10 more and I was riding a bear around killing things with my weaponized banana. 30 minutes later I sitting on a cloud with my pet dragon shooting bazooka rockets at clouds. Still don't know what I'm supposed to do but it's pretty fun.
,Recommended,332310,16124792,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,RoberTime,"So I played my first hour of this game after finding out this is just like Minecraft, but with things Minecraft can't do. I think this game looks amazing as if it was a whole new Minecraft game, but with nothing but lego. In fact, this combines the elements of not only Minecraft, but Roblox, Blockland, Disney Infinity, and Digital Designer as well.The landscapes look more unique and advanced than Minecraft. It's all lego so it's really interesting, just like the Lego Movie. I also notice the characters you can find in this game are from the Minifigures series. The biomes are nice because there is a brief cutscene showing your discovery of a new region of your world. Another thing about landscapes, unlike Minecraft, you can sculpt the terrain which is a heck of a lot faster than Minecraft.I haven't wound up building anything yet, seeing how I don't see much of a selection of bricks and pieces, which is reasonable since Early Access started today. I am going to take a guess that it will be much much wider once the game is released. I would like to try rebuilding real life building sets if this game is updated enough.Other than the brick selection, here is a list of what else I would like to see in future updates:- Workshop, so people can share building sets and other goodies- New world types similar to ""Superflat"" and ""Large Biomes"" in Minecraft- Building sets from other brands like Star Wars and Lego Movie- Online play and minigames like the ones you see in online games- More sophisticated terrain editing- Custom-built vehicles, I would like to build Benny's Spaceship and fly it- Custom decals for bricks, like stickers that come with building sets10/10 for a Day 1 Early Access game. I loved it. Any of the above ideas for future versions would be great. Will make another review about the full game when it comes out."
,Recommended,332310,16209182,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,LMN.juice,Drove my massive large drill thingy into lavaTO SPAAAAACE!!!10/10 would 10 againBuy This!
,Recommended,332310,30436818,Posted: 10 March,all,Yeast,"Amazing Game, Had it from early access, but now when I launch it it crashes. I am not sure why this is happening and would appreciate it if you can do a bug fix for this. But either way, Still an awesome game. Definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,332310,16282698,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,superssj1000,This game is fun as hell only got 1 hour in the game but it gives me Zelda vibe. great game great price! 9.5/10
,Recommended,332310,18187581,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Crazycow,Much better then early acess.
,Recommended,332310,18946393,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Beastemo_17,Few things to say here:- Open-World- Infinite Lego- Incredibly Cheap (Compared to Lego Dimensions)- Good fun- Great GraphicsWhy wouldn't you like this game? ITS LEGO. AND REALLY CHEAP AT THAT.
76561198062794901,Recommended,332310,16207677,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Ghaybe,"If you enjoy minecraft or legos, you will really like this! The game is kinda glitchy though. NPCs can also be trolls, taking your planes and stuff. I had to punch a lady out of my plane! However, overall, the game is great! It is fun to explore, you can paint the whole world, create a candy land, make a city, so much to build and explore, its awesome!"
76561198210514836,Recommended,332310,16435402,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,wolfzone802,When i try to load one of my worlds my mouse just freezes and im stuck on that page tell i turn of my computer...l please help
,Recommended,332310,16427722,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,CIV Wyatt,"Great Game. It has some things like minecraft and Disney Infinity . Very fun i like how you Discover Things, not like minecraft were you just have it. I also like that you pay  1 time for  the item.Very Fun And VERY Recomended if you like Legos and Minecraft . this  game has a lot Comming i bet and when it dose i wlll be greatly amazed."
,Recommended,332310,16454995,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,NFMZ1,Daugter (10) absolutely loves this game!!!! 10 out of 10 Imagine Minecraft made of Legos. PRetty much sums it up.
,Recommended,332310,31077988,Posted: 11 April,all,DemurestEight2,"Let me start by saying I had this game back in early access. At the beginning this game was fun for 20 minutes max. All you did was roam around and it just got extremely repetetive. However once this game got fully released, it has continued to impress me with the npc's, buildings, biomes and the newly added quests. 8/10"
,Recommended,332310,16178231,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Darknoodles,"Currently, there are not much things to do but.... WOW, i'm really impressed !The world is really nice, everything is made of bricks... EVERYTHING !I'm really impatient toward the next update.It has a enormous potential, and a lot of ideas are submitted everydayIf you want to help the developpement, feel free to vote in this Trello boardLego Worlds Wishlist Trello"
76561197984378438,Recommended,332310,16189901,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Spess Carp,"The ground is legos, you are legos, the clouds are legos. EVERYTHING IS LEGOS. It's like some sort of crazy dream more than it is a game. I found the building controls to be a little wonky, if you want to try and edit the inside of a building go and get yourself some aspirin. It seems to be highly encouraged to punch everyone you see, men, women, and children - even if they are just happily waving at you. There are lots of fun treasures, including rocket launcher and dynomite. The water currently can be cratered by explosions, which looks pretty weird. Looking forward to multiplayer."
,Recommended,332310,16192957,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Maragorass,Walks up to friendly characters to unlock themthen shoots them in the back to get moneyFinds a pagodaFinds dynamite in a chest inside the pagodaUses dynamite to blow things upFinds a barnBlows it upFinds another pagodaBlows it upFinds a dragonBlows it upEntire world is full of holes10/10 would dynamite again
,Recommended,332310,16195162,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Geraldo del Rivero,"Very good game so far with lots of potential. However, the camera is a bit weird and the framerate is quite low (20-45 FPS) with a computer that is way past recommended requirements even. However, those will probably be fixed in the future."
,Recommended,332310,16195568,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Baguette,"Better than MC! If you like legos and passing time, also maybe spending $15, you will love this!"
,Recommended,332310,16203112,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Arc0re,"This game is amazing. Thats all. But it was easier to build a roof when I was 8...Pros :- It's Lego- It's pretty, lot of jungles, characters, mountains...- You can build what you wantCons :- Can be laggy- Crashes randomly/while alt tabbing- Needs a windowed mode (for streaming purposes)"
76561198075746500,Recommended,332310,16205836,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,[ C ] SolidSnake,I recommend this game ! ! ! !
,Recommended,332310,16198784,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,ginjaninja88,My fine stead was chased into the sea by a husky dog and drowned ! RIP!I think this sums up the randomness that is Lego Worlds. It is incredible the depth achieved at this point . The thought of what can be generated going forward with inclusion of actual Lego sets excites me greatly.
,Recommended,332310,16202341,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Pento Katsuwa,"Form that day back when I was 5 years old building LEGO® bricks. I always dreamed to have a LEGO® building game.Sometimes later I discovered LEGO® Creator and LEGO® Digital Designer. It was pretty good but not what I have in mind.Then LEGO® Universe happened. Too bad I was young and can afford it and it soon closed.Now, the time of joy has arrived with LEGO® Worlds all the dreams ALMOST come true. I get to that in a sec.The game it's self is Amazing fun but with the weird LEGO® game control mechanic has turned me down a little (I want to aim the gun damn it!).The world is wonderful with brick by brick that you can interact but still need more work on biome and prop spawn but overall good.You can build anything brick by brick with a lot of LEGO® bricks from the real world. No more painful step on you physical bricks and you have unlimited amount of bricks you needed for your awesome builds.Overall right now the game runs great, it only crash once but I think it’s because I do the Alt+Tap a little too much.Here are some of needed features I think they need to make this game even better in the long run.-Multiplayer!-Workshop Support!-Asset creator for the NPCs, Clothes, Items, Vehicles and Props.-If possible add the ability to add custom textures and models. So we can add in more bricks that doesn’t create by LEGO® like Brickarms weapons for example.And that’s it for now I rate this game 7/10 but I recommend it for everyone who use to play LEGO® as a child because Everything is Awesome."
76561198047234005,Recommended,332310,16154891,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Bioboygamer,"I know what your first question will be. Does this live up to Minecraft?No.Noooooooo no no no no.Well, not yet, at least.My main criticism of the game so far is that it lacks any sort of progression. While exploring the world nets you new objects to place, tools to use, and characters to spawn, there is no particular reason to do any of these things. Hostile NPCs will attack you, but dying simply means you respawn a few meters from where you died. The resource scarcity and survival aspect that made Minecraft engaging is nowhere to be seen, thanks to the seemingly unlimited resources you have to manipulate the environment around you. Vehicles and animals make moving around easier, but remove any element of effort from exploring. There's no need to think about the best way to climb that mountain: either spawn a helicopter to fly over it, or just dig through it in less than a minute.Admittedly, the game is in very early access. I suspect that the current form of the game is quite different from the final product, and a more interesting sense of progression will be present in future updates. And while the game may not live up to the addictive qualities of Minecraft, it's got a certain amount of charm in its own right.While the game may not be amazing at the moment, I can definitely see the potential for a truly great game."
76561198042882101,Recommended,332310,16163061,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Joker,"Bazooka+me=MayhemDragon+me=MayhemI lived near i forest now i don'tand the building is good too100,000,000/10"
,Recommended,332310,16159790,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,PigInATuxedo,THIS GAME IS AMAZING!2 features that will make this game of the year:Build your own vehicles (I WANT TO MAKE A GIANT ROBOT)Multiplayer
76561198076340252,Recommended,332310,16160068,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,ksmathers,"Controls; the third person view and separate camera angle makes it difficult to tell what your character is looking at, and it feels clumsy trying to get everything aligned properly to interact with an object on screen.   Character movement is imprecise, and the problem is exaggerated by the random poses and dances that your character performs, so centering attention on a particular object on screen feels very hit or miss.Tool selection automatically changes the interaction mode so that while it is possible to dig a long tunnel into the hill side, it is hard to move along as the tunnel is being created.  You end up having to switch between modes, move your character in a bit, then back to edit mode to make more passage ways, and so on.The creative aspect of being able to stack bricks almost anywhere with relatively small offsets is nice from an artistic viewpoint, but hard to use from a practical standpoint.   It would be much easier to build the framework of a model using large bricks (say 1m cubes), then remove or replace bricks to get intricate details.   As it is it takes a long time to place each brick precisely, and if you don't place them precisely you just get a jumbled pile that is hard to work with.On my multi-monitor setup the mouse isn't being trapped so any time the real mouse moves outside the game window the application will pause and can't be restarted until you first Alt-Tab it to the background, then back to the foreground.   This ends up being a frequent nuisance, so I recommend not playing on multi-monitor setups."
,Recommended,332310,16143731,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Zkayon,This game has the potential to grow into something awesome.
76561198045960083,Recommended,332310,16143733,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,The Original Nomn Nomn,bazookas and huskies... nuff' said.
76561198069052385,Recommended,332310,16460881,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Ghostben,"GREAT game, there is some bugs but i can understand cuz i mean the game is brand new, if you like minecraft, any lego game and gmod, then this is the game for you"
,Recommended,332310,16145914,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Ben [PortsCenter.TV],"It's fun, but very sparse at the moment. Don't go into this thing expecting it to be LEGO Minecraft, because it's far from it, but it still has its own charms. I'm keen to see how this game developers over time."
76561198092971167,Recommended,332310,16254624,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,kingjredmon,"So my child and I are pretty big Lego fans. We buy a lot of the Lego sets every year, and when I saw this game, it was an instant purchase. We own many of the other Lego games, and in a world where so many releases contain content that is questionable for children, Lego does a great job of making fun games that you can trust to stay clean and kid-friendly. That said, do not expect the ease and simplicity of other building type of games like Minecraft.In its current state, this game's building mode is frustrating. Sometimes, bricks are placed in different colors even though you know you are selecting the same color. The drag and select tool is an absolute disaster. I spent half the day crafting a very detailed house only to have the drag and select tool wipe out half of the house while trying to simply copy a tiny section. The third person in building mode is terrible. The minifigure is constantly in the way of your view when building in tight spaces.  And when the minifigure is not in the way, the camera has a way of suddenly zooming out or down or simply going off elsewhere.  Also the menu could use a lot of work. Scrolling through the menu sometimes actually scrolls the menu and sometimes it makes the camera zoom out or in, even though you're only moving the wheel. Sometimes when you click something in the menu, the game thinks you're trying to do something else like place bricks, so expect to erase a lot of misplaced bricks unless you're exceptionally careful with every single click of the mouse.  Making things more frustrating, the undo function does not seem to work at all. Also, this game needs an eye dropper  tool for quick color selection.Further, do not expect to build things in this game the way you would with actual Legos. There are no Technic pieces. There are no curved slopes. There are no bricks with studs on the sides. Do not expect wheels, doors, windows, or any of the other mutitude of strange pieces Lego produces. These are the basic bricks, tiles, and slopes with a few fancier bricks such as masonary bricks, grill bricks, and log bricks.You're probably wondering how I managed to give this a thumnbs up despite all of the negative criticism. It's because I know Lego does not release garbage. For what it is, it's still decent in its current state. My son absolutely loves it. And I love the potential that it has. $15 is a little steep in its current form, but if you like building games, Lego, or if you just like a sandbox to mess around in, it's still worth a purchase. I have very high hopes out of this early access. Unlike other early access, I can't imagine Lego letting us down. More types of bricks, a more refined building mode, and simply more variety will make the building mode better. A survival mode, crafting mode, story mode and so on would really round out the single player. I'm looking forward to what this game brings us."
,Recommended,332310,16285245,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Tasty Pickles,"Very fun game, it is like LEGO in real life but without spending alot of money on those sets and spend just like 15 pounds on this game to build anything you like! You dont even need to worry about bricks that are lost! This is the best creative game every, you can build anything you want and the world is made out brick by brick."
,Recommended,332310,16387664,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Charlie,A great exploration game with lots to do. Everything is lego with loads of secrets and huge worlds to play in. Great game
,Recommended,332310,22439271,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Uterus,"I would recommend this game if I got further into the game, but I cant handle the game too well."
,Recommended,332310,17314930,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Phantom,"At the moment it's just walking around, fighting random things, slapping things, exploring. It has no trill, it has no excitement, and still I'm kinda hooked on it. The controles should change for mouse and keyboard, really difficult and sometimes just really hard to master.This has so much potential. I have so much hope for the full version.An open world with other players would be really amazing, or even being able to use other peoples builds in you game.And of course a use for the houses you build, instead of a structure without purpose.The camera needs some more help too. That seems drunk at times.Maybe some interactions with the other figures instead of just killing them and them waving at me, while I look angry at them. This could be so  much more, such a money maker for Lego."
76561198097552862,Recommended,332310,30952561,Posted: 4 April,all,Chicken Nuggets,"As a child I have always enjoyed playing with Lego, and even now as I grow older, I still play with the small blocks and on occassion step on them, hurting the bottoms of my feet. I adore this game just as much! It is fun and I like discovering all the fun characters! (Riding the Dragon is my favourite thing to do.)Honestly not much of a builder as all the things I make are garbage, but exploring is alot of fun.ANnnnnddd spamming a bunch of chickens is alot of fun to. <3100/10 recommended."
,Recommended,332310,16135328,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Kornysam,Mix it with Lego Dimension et i'm good with it!
76561198011719462,Recommended,332310,16133021,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Alien51,"GET THIS GAME  IS PRETTY COOLthe camara is really bad at the moment but still playable.no door , no windows, no water/lava block.BUT IN GENERAL IS SUPER; BETTER THAN MINECRAFT:the biomes are also really small compare to other games but they will increase them, i am hopping thou."
,Recommended,332310,25825302,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Comrad,"one of my best games but, the user interface is really not optimised for the pc version of the game and there is a very small amount of items. the building tools are also very hard to operate on a keyboard and mouse, which also limits the creative potential of the game."
,Recommended,332310,17699932,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Rev.Co,"Honetsly a great game, it is totaly worth checking out and playing it. On the downside the game crashes alot and requires quite a beastly PC, multiplayer is no fun, and the game is mainly controller oriented."
,Recommended,332310,32164902,Posted: 3 June,all,IcyCyborg,If you love lego you'll love this game if you have a good computer.
76561198236504726,Recommended,332310,18303172,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,The doctor of Star wars,I think this game is great and has some amazing potential I love all the props and the buildings and the animals but the landscaping tools don't work very well.
76561198143605137,Recommended,332310,17011807,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Dipper Pines,Definatly the best lego game in years. I found the others just boring.This is what a lego game should be creative and explorable and this is what this game has. Only a few glitches but this game is still in early access so I can understand :). Can't wait till this game is fully complete. Thanks lego team ;)
76561198031794801,Recommended,332310,16402488,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,THA RAUNCHEE,It has a lot of potential.
,Recommended,332310,31649960,Posted: 9 May,all,Courtni Hooghsies ♥,"Great fun to play, i do play it on console more than pc but hey... the game could have with a few more features like the ability to make your own vehicles to drive, and be able to place them in other people's worlds"
,Recommended,332310,16118961,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Captain Nosferatu,"This game is awesome.Lego is known as a platform for creativity and endless possibilities and I think this game manages to capture that. A this moment it is in early access, but there is already tons of content. The first minutes in-game I was riding a drilling vehicle through the ground, flying a helicopter, mowing the lawn and smashing a caveman settlement to pieces. If you're looking for a challenge however, this game might not be for you (yet), but if the developers build upon this super-smooth engine and add things like multiplayer and different gamemodes, then this might as well turn into the game of the ages.Well done, Traveller's Tales, well done."
76561198218296864,Recommended,332310,17272020,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,halohuston,it such a good game bulid what you want i recommend checking it out! ii really like this game i hope you do to!!!
,Recommended,332310,23812973,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,French Imperialist,"I SWEAR THAT I WILL BE FAITHFUL IN DEFENDING AND PROTECTING THE HOME REPUTATION AND PHYSICAL AND BUSINESS INTEREST OF A KLANSMAN AND THAT OF KLANSMAN'SFAMILY.""I SWEAR THAT I WILL AT ANY TIME WITHOUT HESITATING GO TO THE ASSISTANCEOR RESCUE OF A KLANSMAN IN ANY WAY AT HIS CALL I WILL ANSWER I WILL BE TRULYKLANISH TOWARD KLANSMEN IN ALL THINGS HONORABLE.""I SWEAR THAT I WILL NEVER ALLOW ANY ANIMOSITY,FRICTION NOR ILL WILL TO ARISE AND REMAIN BETWEEN MYSELF AND A KLANSMAN,BUT WILL BE CONSTANT IN MY EFFORTSTO PROMOTE REAL KLANISHNESS AMONG THE MEMBERS OF THIS ORDER.""I SWEAR THAT I WILL KEEP SECURE TO MYSELF A SECRET OF A KLANSMAN WHEN SAMEIS COMMITTED TO ME IN THE SACRED BOND OF KLANSMANSHIP THE CRIME OF VIOLATING THISSOLEMN OATH TREASON AGAINST THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA♥♥♥♥♥♥AND MALICIOUSMURDER,ALONE EXCEPTED.""I MOST SOLEMLY ASSERT  AND AFFIRM THAT TO THE GOVERNMENT OF THE UNITED STATESAND ANY STATE THEREOF OF WHICH I MAY BECOME A RESIDENT I SACREDLY SWEAR AN UNQUALIFIED ALLEGIENCE ABOVE ANY OTHER AND EVERY KIND OF GOVERNMENT IN THEWHOLE WORLD I HERE AND NOW PLEDGE MY LIFE MY PROPERTY MY VOTE AND MY SACRED HONOR TO UPHOLD IT'S FLAG IT'S CONSTITUTION AND CONSTITUTIONAL LAWS AND I WILL PROTECT DEFEND AND ENFORCE SAME UNTO DEATH.I MOST SOLEMLY PROMISE AND SWEAR THAT I WILL ALWAYS, AT ALL TIMES IN ALL PLACES,HELP,AID AND ASSIST THE DULY CONSTITUTED OFFICERS OF THE LAW IN THE PROPER PERFORMANCE OF THEIR LEGAL DUTIES.I SWEAR THAT I WILL MOST ZEALOSLY AND VALIANTLY SHIELD AND PRESERVE BY ANY AND ALL JUSTIFIABLE MEANS AND METHODS THE SACRED CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHTS AND PRIVILEGES OF FREE PUBLIC SCHOOLS,FREE SPEECH,FREE PRESS,SEPARATION OFCHURCH AND STATE,LIBERTY WHITE SUPREMACY,JUST LAWS AND THE PURSUIT OFHAPPINESS AGAINST ANY ENCROACHMENT OF ANY NATURE BY ANY PERSON OR PERSONSPOLITICAL PARTY OR PARTIES RELIGIOUS SECT OR PEOPLE NATIVE, NATURALIZED OR FOREIGN OF ANY RACE,COLOR,CREED,LINEAGE OR TONGUE WHATSOEVER.ALL TO WHICH I HAVE SWORN BY THIS OATH I WILL SEAL WITH MY BLOOD BE THOU MY WITNESS ALMIGHTY GOD,AMEN"
76561198287697998,Recommended,332310,25086343,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Meggsatron,epic but make it so it doesnt come up with its struggling it reall annoys me other than that is awesome
,Recommended,332310,24089955,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,SCRATCHY,"TL:DRnice game great graphics just a couple of things need touching up.Let me start, I love this game.When I saw it I prayed to it as if it was the second coming of jesus.But then when i came up to jesus, he turned into satan.Full of clunky controls and bad camera angles, and really just no objective.But then when you see satan you move back and see, your childhood,in digital form and thousands upon thousands,of bircksssssssss.Worthy of seeing but with no objective or some sort of little mission ( and camera angle fix ).make it f2p cus thats all its worth in the current state,P.S. if they don't make it f2p, please for the love of god buy it on sale."
,Recommended,332310,16217016,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,african america,Minecraft copy!
,Recommended,332310,16225320,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Prime,"Great for kids, and for lego fans. Only issue, single brick building is very fiddly at the moment, which I'm sure will get better throughout the early access.Has no survival, So it doesnt really compete with minecraft at the moment,No Multiplayer YET - Coming in a few months.Worth buyingWhat it needs is a survival mode with multiplayer and the single brick building to be fluent.Then, this will be a true gem in the creative game genre."
76561198292052996,Recommended,332310,31175849,Posted: 16 April,all,Renndog,"This is one of these games where you have to keep playing it to enjoy it, as in it gets more enjoyable as you progress. It's really rewarding when you achieve a certain number of gold bricks, as it unlocks larger worlds with more things in them, or a really useful tool.To summarise, play this game for long enough, and you will find it an enjoyable experience."
,Recommended,332310,31177666,Posted: 16 April,all,The Great Zamboozo,While it is a grind to unlock everything this is a perfect game to play while listening to a podcast. I dont see how people can complain about the camara angles the only time it can get a little weird is when you open a chest in a really small area and stillyou can immediatly reset it. i have yet to encounter any crashes or gamebreaking bugs. even on the lower settings (which i use due to playing on a laptop) the game looks great. my only issue is that the controls might be alittle hard to get used to at first. all in all i highly recomend this game.
,Recommended,332310,31173263,Posted: 16 April,all,DaGhost,"Really fun game if you love exploring, building and scanning objects. My goal is to scan a dragon and saw through the skies overall I would recommend this game because the world looks beautiful and it is really fun 10/10"
,Recommended,332310,25039017,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,lifefunny5,awesome gamelove it so much :)can't wait when it ends beta state and becomes a full gamealot of stuff would be added so the game would become even betteri am going to make my own kingdomand conqure my friends kingdoms and towns while riding my dragon  >:)and i will make a personal jail for themhahhahahahahahahajust kidding tho :D
76561198370886918,Recommended,332310,31161279,Posted: 15 April,all,wikkyfolt100,"for a honest opinion if you dont like quests at the start of the game i wouldint recomend it the quests take up allot of time that could be spent doing other things and some of the quests dont make any sens (to me anyways) i cant give a full review becouse im stuck in one part of the quests and i cant get past that at all, i would say its not recomended but what i do see from people whom actually got past the quests and posted it on youtube, i do recomend this, however you will be spending allot of time doing quests and thats not what the game (was based around) its suppost to be open world not quests"
,Recommended,332310,23998952,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Eman,very fun and creative
76561198048997275,Recommended,332310,25039206,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,TheRobMan,"This game is unbelievable! Definitely worth it now that it has online multiplayer. Looking forward to more content in the future. Only in this game can I fly a ghost plane, land on a cloud, and blow it up with a bazooka as a skeleton, who can scare people to death. 10/10."
,Recommended,332310,16280031,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Sсandinavian Orange,"I've had a change of heart, the game has finally started and i'm enjoying it very much, in summary, this I what I have done so far:Found eagleRode eagleSpotted chest and opened itScreamedWas disapointed when the item was studsScreamed againDied10/10 would hunt for treasure again"
76561198143203971,Recommended,332310,16260005,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,MerSheen,"Im glad that everything in this new lego game is enteirly made of LEGO bricks and that there are various varieteis of animals,weapons,bricks,vehicles,modles,and etc."
,Recommended,332310,16286679,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,DeakySneaks,Think you can build all the crazy lego things you want but with no clean upand no stepping on the pieces! srsly the game has so much heart and its really quite good especially ince its nowhere near done!! 10/10 get this damn game
76561198062014606,Recommended,332310,16396820,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Commander Appo,"Have been playing this game for many hours now and still amazes me how I never get bored of this game even though its in alpha state.I really hope they put in all different sets from all kinds of lego, like Star Wars lego. And an option to generate a world with a specific type of theme like a world with only Lego City or Star Wars Lego.Cant wait to see the full game in 2016. This must be the best Lego game ever.10/10"
,Recommended,332310,16267570,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Ochre The Pine Marten,Yep
,Recommended,332310,16271840,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Deflargo,It's like Minecraft but with LegosChildhood perfected
76561198109898661,Recommended,332310,16275493,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,SlimeParty,"I would definately reccomend this game.  It is just what Lego needed, a sandbox game where EVERYTHING is Lego.  The randomness of this game gives a laugh or two.  I've only played 3 hours, and it is my new favorite game.  I would rate it 9/10.  For a 10/10 they would have to add local/online multiplayer, somewhat better land creature controls (optional.  Im fine with it), and a voice changer for the custom character (im sure you wouldn't like a young boy sounding like and old man, the explorer guy.).  Overall, best game I have ever played by lego."
76561198087995794,Recommended,332310,16354585,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,g o l f,I do reccomend Diz Game But I Still Needz Multiplayer or co opVOTE FOR CO OP/MULTIPLAY!
,Recommended,332310,16341886,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Yoyomongo,-Drove Drilling Vehicle into the water-got stuck into the ground instantly-was flung into the air spinning unctrollably-discovered 3 new areas why flying unctrollably-Drilling Vehicle eventually explodes-Character falls below world-Character dies after falling for awhile-respawn on the surface10/10 Would drive Drilling Vehicle into water again
76561197979626800,Recommended,332310,16345591,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Luxor,Its pretty impressive what they have managed to do for a MC clone. Keeping in mind this is still early access I would say its well worth 15$.Its missing a purpose... An enemy.. A goal.. But as it stands its an amazing base for what could be a fantastic game. Even in its current state its a great little sandbox of legos to mess around in for hours. It could also use the ability to build your own cars and aircraft. Or am I just not able to figure this out?Lets just hope they don't patch it for micro transactions later. :/  I could see money being harder to get and special blocks costing a lot. But no worries! Thats not a problem at the time of this review! All the blocks are free and money just serves to buy extra skins and prefabs. Money is also extremely easy to find.
,Recommended,332310,16339618,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Taliats,Found a dragonBuilt a castle around itDragon escapedBlew up the CastleBlew up the Dragon.
,Recommended,332310,16147648,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Immensus Vita,"Started by waging a skeleton war, climbed a 90 degree angle, found and rode an eagle, then found a dragon and shot fireballs at stuff. 15/10 would play again."
76561198141607623,Recommended,332310,16147983,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,possumhat,The LEGO game I've always wanted.Within a few hours I was a Yeti with a bazooka flying on an eagle. Awesome.
,Recommended,332310,16125842,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Zeth,"Got on a dragon and tried to fly to the moon , didn't make it, however I proceeded to rain fire down upon some cavemen. 10/10"
,Recommended,332310,16125945,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,curly_nuts,"This plays just like those Lego games that you've come to know and love but as a sandbox that allows you to build anything you want. What makes this really fun is that it uses the same Lego currency of prior games (little Lego studs) to buy sets, characters and props. Think of all those studs you collected in Lego Batman or Lego Star Wars. Remember how you could use them to purchase characters or abilities. Now this game is just like that except more open world. You're not just confined to purchasing Batman characters or Star Wars characters but sets and blocks and characters and vehicles. By the way, you can build with lego blocks. It's a little tedious to do, but I guess if you really want to create something out of Legos, you can.The physics are just like prior Lego games.I just hope it doesn't end up using micro transactions because I'll probably end up going broke!"
,Recommended,332310,16195272,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Brainfeeder,Don't buy a LEGO set with like 20 bricks for 50 bucks ever again. With LEGO Worlds you're golden.
,Recommended,332310,31204504,Posted: 17 April,all,Mochi,"Best game I have ever played, new darksouls."
76561198082798639,Recommended,332310,16869669,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,the medic who never heals you,"*clapclapclapclap* I LOVE THISLIKES:its imaginativeits openmuch to do and to createthe world is left at you're mercysomething about the NPC's feels right to mesomeone is going to put ""no"" on this reveiwi really would like to see some sort of haunted/scary themed lego pieces update i.e ghost NPC's of the sorti really enjoy playing this game i can see it just getting better and better in future updates ;)"
76561198039820964,Recommended,332310,16187513,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,davisshoots,"With just having scratched the surface of this game I can confidently say it is one of my favorites. This game is fluid and well-designed having graphics that actually resemble Lego bricks. I have always wanted Lego to make and open world game and this game has met every expectation that I had in store for it, and I had many high hopes. If you are questioning buying this game, get it, you will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,332310,22813883,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Darkuodai90,"This game is going to be great. Emphasis on going to be though. While this game is good, it needs to be seriously fleshed out. It needs online multiplayer for starters, two player multiplayer is okay, but not everyone can play with someone locally.  There also needs to be more gameplay outside of building. A loose storyline and a quest system is a much needed addition to the game. Steam workshop would help this game a lot, too. There needs to be more risk involved in the game too, it feels like I am constantly stuck in creative mode in Minecraft or something, there needs to be more danger and some kind of loot system other than Studs. I would also like to see the addition of a first person mode aswell, like that in GTA V.While I have critisized the game a lot, it is still worth checking it out and playing it as it develops. This game is/will be fun for all ages and has a very bright future ahead of it."
,Recommended,332310,19763118,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Weston,An early access game with tons of potential.Hope the devs will make it great.
,Recommended,332310,16136650,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Bunny Brewster,"You ask: Is this another Minecraft-like block-building game or is there something different here?   My answer is Yes and Yes.  This is obviously a block building game in the Minecraft style, has many of the same gameplay elements of Minecraft, but given the many layers of polish and shine that only a much bigger budget can provide.I'll start with the graphics.  While Minecraft's deferred shadows both made the game look stunning (especially in bigger builds) as well becoming an important part of gameplay (torches to light your caves/fortresses/etc), Lego Worlds actually looks darn photorealistic.  I spent the entire time in awe of how despite being a blocky, cartoonish world, it looked like a real physical place.  Animals in the world are not 'blocky' but have continuous non-jaggy surfaces that move very fluidly.The 'blocks' are not simple squares but actual Lego pieces of different shapes including angled edges so there is a considerable greater level of detail in every scene.  The worlds appear to be procedural generated, but the algorithm chooses out of various Lego pieces, sometimes creating some really gorgeous looking patterns in the landscape.  You can paint bricks, which is rather awesome - I just hope they don't remove this feature for eventual multiplayer mode.I haven't gotten into manual building yet but there are two prebuild sets you can drop in and watching them appear is a bit like watching a very fast 3D printer, cutting out a flat area then spraying the shapes into the scene.  One scene contains a lot of objects that your character can interact with like a BBQ, swimming pool and a house - I suspect there will be many many more of these.  One very cool aspect is that animals and vehicles are rideable and *extremely fun* - especially the car racing over hills.  I don't know if building custom vehicles is in the plans but that by itself would make this game worth 3x it's early release price."
,Recommended,332310,31202009,Posted: 17 April,all,King♚ツ ☠ ♛ ☢ ☯ ☣ ✈,The multiplayer is bug :(((((((.The game is fun.
,Recommended,332310,31208844,Posted: 17 April,all,Praxis,"My kids love this game, multiplayer is fun. Lots to do."
,Recommended,332310,31210324,Posted: 17 April,all,Microsoft Powerpoint,my pc meets the require ments but the game is porly optimized for potatos
,Recommended,332310,31213990,Posted: 18 April,all,Sheriff ≡ Monkey,"I like Lego MUCH, in fact so much I don't have room for more on my shelfs in my bedroom.English not my native languageThis game was cool in early access state, after release it became a total other game, stuck in some sort of ""how to play"" in the begining.I played the game with a steam friend, I'm sure he is younger than me, and he just did what was needed to get the gold bricks fast, with out any problems. And I'm 22 and I guess he is between 10-15.Awesome they still have the ""collect gold bricks"" like in Lego Racers 2 back in 2001."
,Recommended,332310,16157092,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,}>Fluxy<{ 柚子,its funny 10/10
76561198258451368,Recommended,332310,31047556,Posted: 9 April,all,(bush) Lui,so cool i can build ANYTHING
76561197966702999,Recommended,332310,16145313,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Q.Drache,Well ...... i really want to make it short:Pros:-HUGE Potential !!Cons:- Its still lacking every where.- I'm missing some basic physics- Camera view is horrible- Controls need to be optimized a lotEarly access can be felt every minute. It feels like an alpha and not a Beta.Try to go near the water with an earth drilling machine ;)Yet i will recommend it since it will hopefully become a great game. If not i can still change my opinion ;)
,Recommended,332310,16145227,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Morbloodeth,You need this game......Hands down epicness! Can't wait for multiplayer!!!! Minecraft your days are numbered.
76561197976463463,Recommended,332310,16130813,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,kwikeh,"Played a few hours. Great fun Minecraft alternative. I know it's early alpha but could use a map function in game, tweaking the fiddly build interface and multiplayer is a must. All-in-all good fun."
,Recommended,332310,16132309,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,TheMoistKiwi,Being A More FPS Game player i really enjoyed this its a great game its really fun to just mess around with worth the buy10/10Better Then Minekush - IGN
,Recommended,332310,16135469,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,MEGATRUCK,"LEGO Worlds is shaping up to be the LEGO game that everyone ever wanted. Traveller's Tales are doing what they do best with the LEGO formula, merging their beat-em-up, stud-collecting platforming with world creation. Most voxel games miss the mark on not looking very natural, but the great thing about LEGO is that things can be out of place and it suits the formula well.Any other feature that I want that isn't in Early Access is already planned on the roadmap. Once this game has more polish and direction, it will be by far the best LEGO game on the market. In this current state it is definitely worth the $15 asking price, and you will only get more for your money as development progresses.While Early Access may usually be a gamble, with the backing of a LEGO license and the publishing of WB, it's almost impossible for this game to disappoint."
76561198056773206,Recommended,332310,16275788,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Skarrcha,Was overtired when playing this for the first time and got jumpscared by a yelling skeleton; thanks lego worlds!
,Recommended,332310,16277694,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Ahhchoo,I can be a fireball throwing wizard riding on a fire breathing dragon or a Vampire that turns into a bat. I can spawn my helicopter and skydive for hours.. I have never been so satisfied walking around an open world doing absolutely nothing. Once multiplayer is patched in this game will be a blast for any age.
76561198083160945,Recommended,332310,16244951,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,RATTUS_CUNT,good but pricey i would say
76561198255600743,Recommended,332310,24042233,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Nyrue,"this game is basically minecraft with lego's which isnt a bad thing, this game is the lego game i've been waiting for all my life, and you know you want it so just buy it,"
,Recommended,332310,16224689,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,ТУПА ПОДСОЛНУХ,"This game is my dream: world full of lego. But multiplaer needed, very needed"
,Recommended,332310,16732861,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Greeg,"The game is fun, I have only played an hour and a half so far and plan to play more. The camera controls and the movement controls may need some work, they seem stiff to me. I have not used the manual building system for anything more than placing a few peices yet but plan to use it in the future, it seems easy to use but slow. it may take quite some time to build a full peice, but I often encounter the same problem in minecraft. The goals for the full version seem reasonable and I think they will improve the game.In the game so far I have explored, rode horses, rode bears, frinded people, punched skeletons, been a skeleton, punched people, was attacked by people, attacked by skeletons, attempted to ride a dragon, killed by a dragon, pushed a dragon in lava, built a house, drove a car, mowed a lawn, attampted to teraform, ruined the landscape, and a few other things.I would recomend this game and am looking forward to new updates."
,Recommended,332310,18699811,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Your Younger Brother's Pug,"I have watched DANTDM make loads of videos about this and now I just got it, it has so many more updates making it amazing. It is simple to build and I would recommend it to any lovers of LEGO or MINECRAFT! The cinematics, animations and music bring this game to like and this gives you the option to build everything and do everything!Pros-*EVERYTHING*CINEMATICS, ANIMATIONS and MUSICCons-*In Early Access when it shouldn't beSo hell yeah, I recommend this game:100000000000000000000000000000000/1"
,Recommended,332310,18789111,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Hund,"So, LEGO worlds! Let's get started.LEGO worlds is a fun exploration game with a world made of lego bricks and no, it's not laggy unless you put it on the highest graphics setting. To spawn something in, you have to do these 3 steps:1. Find the thing (E.G Horse)2. Ride, kill or come up to that thing. For a horse, ride3. Buy it with coins (Studs)!You can ride a dragon through a valley filled with giant mushrooms, battle skeletons in a cave or even punch a cow to death. You can ride a shark underwater, grab a revolver and give it to a cowboy and much more!I climbed a giant blade of grass3 times"
,Recommended,332310,17713789,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Danald Trump,Framerate at 60 until i moved. Best game ever 10/10 would lag again.
76561198236474182,Recommended,332310,18142851,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,✪ Insane,"developers , please  optimize a game.my computer meets all the recommended settings , but even so, the game had very much lags and bad work.I play the full minimum settings , but it help not much.but idea of this game is very interesting."
76561197995645539,Recommended,332310,20146639,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Igloo,"I know it's still early for this game, and i'm really excited about where it can go, but there are still a few things that i would like to see straightened out.Firstly, controls, walking about, it's a little tricky and there are no options to customise how i'd like to do it comfortably. I have now got the steam controller (thanks Santa) but i haven't tried it with this yet, maybe that will help.Secondly, the bricks don't even have the little top circles on!! What's Lego without the correctly shaped bricks? Also, there is still a limited selection of available bricks when buikding your own stuff - last i read was that this woukd be added to over time, so fingers crossed.Thirdly, it's a great concept, but it needs to be  finalised correcrly to make a viable game that will be about for a while."
,Recommended,332310,16120474,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,soggyshoe,"Awesome. Lego world. Rendered well, can build, destroy, adventure. Just like minecraft but Lego and without command blocks. 10/10 - would drill to the centre of the earth again (and ride back out on a camel found on top of a cloud)"
,Recommended,332310,16141925,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Sirwinsalot,"its open world lego, my kids will love it  my partner loves it and i love it, if this isnt the tightest♥♥♥♥♥♥you ever seen get out of my face"
76561198170141822,Recommended,332310,16148860,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,darkeagle6755,very fun game but the cameras messed up need firstperson
76561198046691961,Recommended,332310,16162426,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Lockleus,"{It is a very fun game. I only played 2 hours or so of it and all I did was adventure. I never got bored. Although it should be multiplayer, it would be 1000000 X better."
,Recommended,332310,16179108,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,invisiblestew,"If this game fulfills the potential that it could, this might be that open-ended, sandbox game i've always wanted. the unlimited world of lego and your imagination, totally at your finger tips, and the humor to be expected from the brand, i am incredible geeked by what i've played so far, and eager to see what's still to come."
,Recommended,332310,19918273,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,TheBluePhoenix,A little buggy and a few minor pop-ins but all in all it's a fantastic game and would totally recomend.
,Recommended,332310,16189421,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,FuelSEAL,"This will be unlimited possibilities. It's the starting point of the death of minecraft.For a 15$ Early Access and with all the developers plan towards competing with Minecraft, Lego Worlds is superb. I can't wait for the multiplayer and all kinds of different weapons arrow, sword, guns, vehicles or even magical things for a competitive gameplay.And I hope there will be freedom for host in creating the gamerules and apply it into the Lego Worlds. So that we can create different type of game mode. And it needs to be able crossplatform XBOX VS PS VS PC VS Android VS IOS VS Nintendo. This to put the last nail into Minecraft's coffin.Graphic is good, but it still needs more things such as1. the changing weather such as snow like in Skyrim,2. rains like in Watch Dogs,3. Foggy like in Far Cry 4,4. Beautiful Day and Night Cycle like in Crysis.I hope dev will be able to implement these feature into the game.verdict 8/10"
76561198261422583,Recommended,332310,25122431,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Days No End,I love this game i just wish it was for mac i would do anything
,Recommended,332310,16129771,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,DrJoe,"This is an amazing game with a lot of potential. You can build almost everything you can imagine, you can drive cars, ride dragons and even sail boats. This is early access, yes, but it still has a lot of features imo. It's a lot of fun to play with very intuitive controls. The world is made completely from LEGO unlike most other LEGO-games, and it is beautiful.When i first launched the game i was dropped in from the sky into a brand new world.I landed in front of a dragon.I then rode it around for 10 mins straight.Then the game crashed.10/10 would lego again"
76561198118532911,Recommended,332310,17934202,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Sicarian,"LEGO® Worlds is a all LEGO® World with LEGO® minifigs, LEGO® sets, LEGO® cars, LEGO® clouds, LEGO® Frogs and dont forget those LEGO® golden LEGO® Bricks made of LEGO®!LEGO® has taken over the world so what could go wrong with a LEGO® game?-LEGO® should add LEGO® STARWARS®, MARVEL®, and many more LEGO® Brands made with LEGO®-This review was not created from LEGO® and is not LEGO®LEGO®"
,Recommended,332310,16124067,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Takimaki,"Found king, took his crown,found skeleton, took hi face,found evil wizard, took his cape.Found Dragon, named him Cucumberbatch.Currently looking for a village to terrorize."
76561198079090461,Recommended,332310,16166295,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Chegamer,"This game has a great physics engine, and was also well made. People who love legos will also like this. (Duh!) Its like minecraft all over again, In a great way! i highly recommend this game, especially to people who like minecraft,  Terraria, and other sandbox games! LEGO LIVES ON!!!P.S. Feel free to friend me.P.P.S.    <---    thats funny."
76561198034660185,Recommended,332310,16135153,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,C2H6,"Maybe hang on a bit before getting this game. It has brilliant potential but right now it's just a concept. If it gets multiplayer (it better get multiplayer, that would make it something infinitely playable rather than a fun toy that gets old after few weeks) and the ability to build your own vehicles rather than just the pre-built ones, and maybe a simple questing or brick-hunting system to keep things interesting, this has the potential to be my favourite game of all time."
76561198077851245,Recommended,332310,16232296,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Captain Rex,"So far, I like the game, I did have a few issues, a couple minor ones, and one big one, I understand the game is early access,  and there a LOT of things that need to be updated/added/patched, so, I will happily go easy on it.The first issue, I did get stuck a few times inside of holes that I made, be it, with the digger, or the dragon's fire balls, or simply using the world edit thing, but, I was able to skydive out of those situations, so, it's not really a big deal, but, still worth a mention.Next issue I've had so far, I don't know if it's just me, but, the camera seems a bit wonky to use, like, when I want to turn to see something, sometimes, it doesn't turn far enough, or it turns too much, that may just be me, again, just throwing that out there.Now for the only major problem I have with the game, I feel that my abilites to play it are reduced a bit as a result of me not being able to find the ability to invert the mouse's camera controls, I've used inverted mouse up/down controls on PC games as long as I can remember, so, this, as you can clearly tell, this frustrates me a lot, and, learning up/down mouse controls is not easy for someone in my position. I will remove this gripe from the review later, if the ability to invert my mouse's camera controls is added.But, overall, as things stand, Lego Worlds is a very good game, I can easily suggest this game to anyone with a creative side for video games, as well as anyone with an adventurous side for video games. 9/10"
,Recommended,332310,16416072,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Crazywolf5000,"I would definently recommend this game if you like exploring, building, digging, or just blowing stuff up.this game is not perfect however, I have a decent computer and in its current state it can barely run this game, another downside is that I found pretty much all of the items really quickly, and there werent too many, but while it lasted they were fun to find, I honestly want to restart my save file so I can do it again, (if anyone knows how, please tell me)so in its current state I would give this game an 8/10Update: as the previous review is fairly old, I thought it'd be fair to update my review of it a little bit. Most of what I said was positive is still there and improved after it left early access. It seems to also to have been optimised quite a bit but it still could use some work. for example, certain vehicles, especially the larger ones, cause severe slowdown to the point where it is unberable to even try driving them around. the ""I don't know how to restart my save"" issue is no longer applicable, as it now has a standard save/load game system with I want to say up to four seperate saves. As one would expect, there is also alot more stuff to be found throughout the world than when I originaly wrote this review as well, so much so that I am still yet to actually find everything.so to summarize: this game is entertaining still if you enjoy building and exploring, though as many other reviews have pointed out, it is not for everyone. Many people have issues with the game being boring wich I personally disagree with, but I can see why one would think that. Overall howver, if you think this sounds interesting, I definetly recommend you give the game a try."
,Recommended,332310,16373146,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Gentleman Mouse artist,"Not perfect in any respect of the way, but the game is well polished and the quests add a good distraction to the general aimlessless of these kind of games.for 30$ I say its a good investment if you enjoy Voxel building games, or Legos..."
,Recommended,332310,31223108,Posted: 18 April,all,goldendog2004,"good game, best lego game yet, the devs did a perfect job nothing could be better"
76561198011771592,Recommended,332310,31222993,Posted: 18 April,all,Tiitha,"To be honest, it's more fun to destroy things than to build them. I especially love riding a dragon and destroying towns.If you want to get around the quests and having to collect brick types, you can use cheat codes to skip them so you can build right away."
,Recommended,332310,16139773,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,The Trippy Pyro (MPH! MPH! MPH!),"legos were a massive part of my childhood. there wasnt a single lego game i didnt love. only problem... they werent lego enough. you couldnt build what you wanted. you had to do what the game told you to... this changes that.massive... open worlds with new stuff to explore all the time... and you can build castles with the touch of two buttons. and if you have the studs... you can pretty much summon/build what you want. this game also makes me feel like a kid again. and fills me with such childlike wonder and glee.this is easilly the best lego game i ever played. and its only in early access. i cant wait to see it grow.update: one major problem i had with the early access version.... was how laggy it was.thankfully, the full version runs buttery smoothe on dx9. go nuts!!"
,Not Recommended,332310,17012792,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,FarikoNemesis0,Dose not want to work on my pc with windows 8.1 and 8gb of ram.Brough this game so my son could play it but it was unusable was fluid if you where using the menus but as soon as you started to play game was so solw to respond.This is such a shame as both my son and i love lego and wanted to play it so much. As this is an early access game it should get fixed as windows  10 rolls out.Thank you steam for refunding this for us my son has downloaded another game to replce this one.
76561198178635041,Not Recommended,332310,17038482,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,GameRoomFilms189,"Hmmm.......this is not all that good. It doesn't have ANYTHINg to do, frame rate is sooo bad and they don't even have a worrkshop. What the frick? I mean you make a LEGO Game where you build your own stuff out of singular LEGOs but you can't download other peoples? REALLY? It's just really lame and there is NOTHING to do! It's like walk at at 4 frames per hour and do NOTHING! 3/10, it's barely PLAYABLE!"
76561198005821517,Not Recommended,332310,17175700,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,-]PCE[-Khaos_girl,"I was only able to play it the first day I bought it. After that it has just been log in attempts to try and play but it continues to lock on the save screen after free falling. I tried to get a refund since the issue is still not fixed but because I left the game open, the time counter continued and said I played over 4 hours which is not the case, I wish it was. I would NOT EVER recommend this game until its full release and not during early play due to all the issues. The game was fun the first day but been nothing but a headache afterwards. My kids want to play it as well but are unable to due to glitch/freeze. I hope they fix it soon... Very disapponted.."
,Not Recommended,332310,16227013,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,frostgrunt,"I am having a hard time keeping up interest. The controls are clumsy, the world seems limited with little variety and everything just seems so complicated. I am a big Minecraft fan and think its awesome what Lego is trying to achieve here. They just dont pull it off very well. Obviously this is early access bla bla bla, but as I see it, some of the fundemental mechanics in the game is just very poor. I hope the community will give some good feedback as it has great potential. But at the moment i would not recommend anyone spendending 14-15 euro on it."
76561198031097891,Not Recommended,332310,16132288,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Phøεηix,"My first impressions of this game were very positive and I was actually looking forward to seeing what became of it, but now I'm not so sure. Not enough content has been added and sadly the game feels kind of empty and pointless.Pros+ The open world is beautiful+ Fun to explore (for a while)+ Nice animations+ Has a lot of potential to become something amazing- Game doesn't have a purpose- Feels empty, not enough content- Terrible camera controls- Clunky menus- Feels like a walking simulator- Performance issues (poor frame rate, randomly crashes)"
,Not Recommended,332310,16229791,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,[IHC] Yenski,"If you are looking for a Minecraft-like experience, pass on by.  WHile the game is enjoyable, for a short while, the lack of goals of ANY type, plus no real survival difficulty leads to ""exploring"" by way walking/flying/driving through different biomes.   You don't even really build or craft, but make pre-selected items."
76561198007284584,Not Recommended,332310,16230271,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Lianse,"Bear in mind that this is being written whilst the game is in early access and so will not necessarily apply later on....Although the game has potential and is quite fun, I cannot recommend it until it is better optimized. I had all the settings turned down to the lowest and was still having issues running the game, my computer is no high end system but it is by no means a bad system and runs other MMO's no problem so i was disappointed by this.I did, however, enjoy the little time I did manage to have in the game, I rode a pig, a brown bear, a bike, a car, a polar bear and a helicopter and that was all within the first half hour of playing. Oh and the bazooka, blowing things up with that bad boy was amusing.It is just a shame the game does not run well. If they fix that then it would be pretty good, definitely better than minecraft."
76561198149523745,Not Recommended,332310,16261697,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Cheezbugga!,"THIS GAME IS BROKEN!!! every time i go on it, after about 2 minutes it crashes and sends me back to the steam page!"
,Not Recommended,332310,16294011,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,elog9320,I don't like the game right now. There are too few things to do. Hope more components will be added.
,Recommended,332310,24018702,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,NicoLink,Better facial animations than Mass Effect Andromeda.
,Recommended,332310,16904936,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,DiabeticTurtle,a great game can't wait until multiplayer gonna be so much fun with all my friends
,Recommended,332310,16285390,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Stormie,I will tell you of my first experience with this game.I started my world.I skydived from space and landed on a gaint mushroom.I met a scienctist who was exploring the mushroom forest.I walked into a nearby lava field and then killed an evil wizard.I then jumped on a dragon and flew into the night.I found a dune buggy on a beach and drove it around for a bit.Then I jumped back on my dragon and found an oil derek.I met a king and built my first house.This was all in the first hour. Can't wait to see what else this game has to offer.
,Recommended,332310,30433439,Posted: 10 March,all,Arawarn,"This game is now ""No Man's Sky"" done right ;P"
,Recommended,332310,16178046,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,KadeDaSpade,"Style is charming, the creation tools are wonderful, and everything is just loaded with potential.Pros- Visuals are absolutely gorgeous for a game of this caliber. Seeing the high quality of my creations was brilliant.- Adventuring among different biomes and finding various animals, characters, props and vehicles gave the game a very satisfying feel. Reminded me heavily of the item collection system in LittleBigPlanet. Not entirely sure why.- Creation tools were easy to understand, and did not require a tutorial. Absolutely adored it.A few personal change ups:- Camera Angles are slightly dodgy. Needs some work. Very difficult to build in tight spaces.- Lack of reward for defeating enemies other than the first you kill (The costume). Money for killing? Maybe something more?- Different music scores for characters, vehicles and animals. Strange complaint, but when I first began it was really off putting hearing the same noise over and over.- Labels for special items such as the lava paint? It was a bit annoying placing what I perceived as ""colourful fun"" to then walk into a complete death trap. :IAll in all, I am excited to see what comes next!"
76561198070381568,Recommended,332310,30513621,Posted: 14 March,all,PacDot,"Cons - Still very buggy; game crashes occasionally when purchasing pre-built items (has happened to me about 10 times, almost every time I buy a new pre-built). Good news - It auto saves so if you were building some grand structure, all your hard work is not lost. I have also found that somethimes, when entering a new biome, the game kind of stops registering your activity and interacting with the surroundings glitches out (followed by a crash minutes later). This has happened to me about three times. As far as gameplay, it can be repetative and is nothing like minecraft apart from there being blocks (Thats not necessarily a con, its just different and many people think it is minecraft with legos)Pros - gameplay is very casual and, if you are like me and enjoy that kind of thing, is very entertaining. If you play minecraft a lot in creative mode, this is the game for you. Its is fun to explore, and also cool to discover all the neat things you can obtain (like a bazooka or glow gun)Overall opinion - Game is great, though in my opinion too expensive for what you get out of it."
76561198131620108,Recommended,332310,30417680,Posted: 9 March,all,steveplaysaxe,"I got this in early access. I loved it then and I still love it. It's mindless fun. Note that to play split screen you need to start a local, not online game.   Wasted time with my friend thinking we had to beat the tutorial first.   And that was annoying trying to get gold blocks.  I do like the questing as it adds more purpose, and I really hope that if you get a better ship there will be giant worlds with many biomes.   A lot of hate, and I get that, but it's a better game now, once they introduce a creative mode."
,Recommended,332310,30431801,Posted: 10 March,all,InsaneZedge,Early Acess was cool but V1 made this game amazing.
76561198141899182,Recommended,332310,16721508,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,the_daleks_enemy,"Amazingly fun, amazingly addictive and somehow, graphicly sexy. Nuff said"
,Recommended,332310,31123373,Posted: 13 April,all,Envoyofdoomsday,The early access was enjoyable and i didnt think they could top it until the full game dropped. both versions are tons of fun to play especially if you have a controller to play with. worth every penny
,Recommended,332310,19159633,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,April (birthday in 284 days btw),"I supported this game ever since it's first early access build was released onto steam, when It was still $15.I'm really, really happy seeing this game grow to what it is now. I think you get a ton of fun and enjoyment at full price"
,Recommended,332310,30478527,Posted: 12 March,all,Overclock,It's basically LEGO Creator on steroids.
76561198041692463,Recommended,332310,31376713,Posted: 26 April,all,Stevo,"I have never had this much fun before, the building is advandced, but once you get used to it it is GREAT! There are Tons upon tons of options! I am glad I got this long ago when it was free! Great job making our adult dreams come true finally! It is almost like Little Big PLanet for PC!"
,Recommended,332310,31330496,Posted: 23 April,all,𝓛𝓪𝓭𝓲𝓼𝓵𝓪𝓿,"Lego Worlds: A game similar to Minecraft. However, you do not feel the miserable lonliness that you expirence in Minecraft single player. In fact Lego Worlds, to me, seems to be a blend of RPGs like Skyrim and Minecraft. There are quests, you can explore, and you can build and destroy nearly everything in the game.My favorite part about this game is the sense of discovery. When you first start, all you have is next to nothing. You are stranded on a small island, but the game soon grows, and you will start to see the wide world Lego Worlds offers.This game, although new, is quite nostalgic to me. When I was a kid I used to play with Legos a lot. Some of the first video games I played (after I got over ""kiddie"" games) were the old Lego games. I remember playing the original Lego Racers a lot, as well as Lego Stunt Rally (I liked Lego Racers better), and Lego Island 2 (I remember this game giving me lots of blue screens of death.) Later I got Lego Racers 2, but I always liked the original Lego Racers better.Thank you for offering this wonderful game!"
,Recommended,332310,30395723,Posted: 8 March,all,☠WhiteBeard⚜BlackWolf☠,"As of Thursday Mar 9, 2017, the game is now playable!I can now finally play above 60fps even on my old computer at the highest settings! The lag we had was the kind of thing that should not be allowed before release, but at least they fixed it.I'll have to play again to see if it still crashes but the random lag seems to be totally out!But the game still lacks in content and freedom.Being able to choose the size of the map we crate (i am not at 100 golden bricks yet so i don't know if we can or not but I doubt that we can)A map creator, vehicle editor, and character editor would be well welcome here.Which would bring us to the mods, the workshop would be a good thing to add.For addons, it would be cool to get content from other LEGO games into this game (LEGO Star Wars games, LEGO Indiana Jones games, LEGO The Lord of the Rings, etc.New original content is always welcome too though.I don't hate the way they've taken the game into, it gives you things to do before being free to do the stuff you wanna do, the real sandbox experience probably starts once you've got 100 golden bricks.Probably the that open world side of the game is available later in the game, hopefully so, if not, I hope that they will add it back, would be pretty dumb not to, since it is the game we were supposed to get.Anyway, there are sure things that should be added, not only content wise but also gameplay and settings wise.The possibilites for this game are infinite, so please, don't screw it up.For now i'll give it a 8/10 Review is sure to change if barely anything is added after 1.0."
76561198303691282,Recommended,332310,23113992,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,JacobWonga,good stuff runs well too.
,Not Recommended,332310,16148593,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Furious Fingus,"This is one of those games where I wish steam had a neutral option. The game isn't terrible, from a technical standpoint it's fine, no gamebreaking bugs or anything, it's just not worth it when most of the other lego games are better, especially for the asking price.Honestly if you want it because it's a LEGO game just get LEGO Star Wars or something and if you want it for the building and exploration aspect get Minecraft, you can probably get them both for cheaper anyway.5/10."
,Not Recommended,332310,16196460,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,azrealz1031,"I threw a fish at a caveman. He exploded.. a lot. 12/106/11/2015Ok, now that I've actually PLAYED, I felt I needed to update this. This game has sooo much potential, but it's almost unplayable right now. Yes, it's in beta version, but the feature that this game is built around (the building options) is non-existant because of the camera. The placement needs a major reworking, as it's hard to move with the camera, precision wise. The view goes behind previously placed blocks, disrupting your view and making it impossible to see anything you're building. The actual placement of the blocks are not precise whatsoever, and the tools are hard to work with. You'll think you've got the ""remove blocks"" tool right where you want it, but you don't, nor will you ever. I would love this game, but only in the far future when major bugs have been reworked. If you want to run around, discover, and collect/destroy things, alright. If you're looking for more of a minecraft experience where you build structures, I would wait a few months, because that aspect needs a lot of work. As of right now I can't recommend it, as it's only fun for a couple of hours for a 15 dollar game, but I see major patches coming out, so I'll update my review for a third time when that happens."
76561198134538930,Not Recommended,332310,16234849,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,DEUTSCHLAND,"My computer has the recommended requirements, but the game runs at extremely low fps, usually being 10 fps. By the way they will refuse any refunds."
76561198218385784,Not Recommended,332310,16275547,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,socially inept recluse,i am dissapointed but thats not to say you will be i reccomend waiting until it is no longer early acess
76561198150577732,Not Recommended,332310,16531648,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,ronboon50,Terrible crashes after 2 mins - very disappointing
,Not Recommended,332310,17229860,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Reinhardt,"To me this game was extremely dissapointing...I was expecting a great sandbox game where I can build whatever I want and have an adventure,What I got was a game where it's easier to just let the game build for you than for you to use your imagination and actually build for yourself, to me the building in this game is incredibly tedious, I'm sure it has it's good points but I just couldn't get into it...personal preference I guess"
76561198137793348,Not Recommended,332310,16744117,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Jonnyburgers8,i think this game has to much lag and you need to change the sttings all the time.
,Not Recommended,332310,16215552,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,GeneralScar,Just wait the camera is way to wierd to  control and the building needs to be fine tooned a lot more before you conisder buying it.
76561198102651327,Not Recommended,332310,16219886,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,palivoda,"im dissapointed I tought that I will have more cretive options like build car by my self, I think you need to add an plot and online to the game, more easy way to built, like in lego racing and maybe a survival mode."
76561197996739874,Not Recommended,332310,16240423,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Sp8rr0vv,"Such a disappointment. Finding the options / controls was the most difficult part of the game. Once you figure that out, you will have everything unlocked within 10 minutes. All of the cool features can be found just by wandering around a bit and the lands are so nice to look at, once you figure out the unlocks for the blocks, you don't really want to mess it up with your thrown together creations. I prefer the free Lego digital designer over this game and would take MC's challenging builds over this games easy way out any day."
,Not Recommended,332310,16252338,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,gang gang,LEGO® Autism
,Not Recommended,332310,16288531,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Bluedomon,Lego world game for people who like lego-Still need alot of work.-Sometimes  doesnt not work  for  people when  they try to launch.-glitchy controls.-Creative game.-Great for kids.-not good for adults or teens.-Game has  pretty good world genrator.My review for the game if  you like  lego's alot buy it  if you kinda do don't its to glitchy
,Not Recommended,332310,16293224,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,CatsOnDrugs,"i dont rcomend this gamne in its current state, it has rinning problems. i meet the requirements, even thrash them and the game styill rins badly consistently. with a gamne focuised on building and exploration, i cant do neither. When i explore the framerate tanks and the game crashes, and when i try to build the frame drops make it inmpossible to do.  im running a Intel pentium K aniversary OC up to 4.5, gtx 750, 8 gb if ram and a 1 tb hard drive. this should work perfectly, but it doesnt. However, im sure this is an early access problem, and will probably be fixed. however, it still odesnt run well on the recomended settings."
,Not Recommended,332310,16300313,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,CyanCatBass Gamdom.com,Not letting me in my world anymore! or even change my world!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198162550099,Not Recommended,332310,16345227,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,apseymour,"I feel like I've taken a pretty big gamble buying this game via early access, and as of now, I'm a little worried.1)After a couple of hours it becomes very boring and repetitve.2)The makers seem to think the interface and gameplay are very intuitive, and provide little guidance.3)Building is a pain.4)There just isn't much to discover yet.  I was hoping to run into some cool characters, but I haven't yet.I'm hoping to be able to change this review pretty soon, but for now, things aren't looking good."
76561198123699412,Not Recommended,332310,16430803,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,IanScottBrodrick,Not thrilled about this game as there is not much to do and I had a hard time keeping my interest in it compared to some of the other lego games I have played.
,Not Recommended,332310,16531427,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Artix,"Allow me to elaborate on my ""do not recommend"" rating: I do actually recommend this game, just not yet. As it stands, this  game is incredibly sparse, but will undoubtedly grow exponentially over time. When this game is finished, I will not be able to recommend it enough, but don't buy it yet. It'll probably be about a year before you actually want to play it."
76561197991395400,Not Recommended,332310,16540568,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,RhesusPieces,"I liked the lego games for the console, but the controls on the pc are terrible. That and the camera auto centering all the time makes this almost impossible to do anything. There are no options to change the camera settings. Constantly having to change the cameras angle and fighting with the auto centering is a game breaker for me. It is early access so this may/probably will be changed. It also looks like this is going to be setup for lots of dlc and will have to see how that goes.The camera is also a culprit/factor in being able to drive vehicles. The movement keys are dependent on which direction the camera is facing. And if the vehicle facing changes ... so do the keys for direction. Trying to move the camera to a angle/place to see what you are doing and then having the key directions change, argh.I'll come back to this as things move along. They have been making improvements on things like being able to drive over the landscape (ie. it's not all sharp angles)."
,Not Recommended,332310,16637713,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,SkyRu1e,nothing to do
76561198070408007,Not Recommended,332310,16821937,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,NatNProductions,I only have one thing to say about this game.This game needs alot more work in the physics of vehicles...because I went flying in the air while spinning!..with a ground vehicle.-Also the controls decide to take a coffee brake once in a while..
76561198145937822,Not Recommended,332310,19375726,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Radioblue,somehow my gtx 950 cant run it
76561198022308519,Not Recommended,332310,19645524,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,gmadmax08,game is dead boring looks crap plays crap and nuthing meaningful to do in it but walk around
76561198234695784,Not Recommended,332310,21029997,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Delta Ardent,i hate it becuse it wont work for apple
76561198030247703,Not Recommended,332310,21736949,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,fairykiller,"very bad game. dont recommend too many bugs, slow frame rate."
76561197970498884,Not Recommended,332310,22051741,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,lordrahl,"Hrrmmm,  this game has potential but  It needs a lot of improvemnet. It is very laggy. I turned graphics effects etc. way down and still plays like crap. My pc far exceeds the reccomended specs and  It is unlikely that I will play this game again  unless there is drastic improvement on game play. The controls have a lot to be desired as well. I bought this today and wish I  didn't."
76561198124512496,Not Recommended,332310,16263095,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Almighty Bunghole,Keeps crashing for no apparent reason.
,Not Recommended,332310,16299461,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,lorijean_19,its good but I played it for while and the game would'nt start that's annoying
76561198019959754,Not Recommended,332310,16820916,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,BiG.BaNG,Controls stop working and have to restart game.  Did it multiple times in less then 30 minutes.  Severe lack of block to build with.  Camera is very stiff.  Keep getting stuck in terrain.
,Not Recommended,332310,16844913,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,ANGRY DOOM DADDY,i build a homerandom civilians start hijacking iti find a dragoni blow up absolutley everything and everyone11/10 would massmurder again.but seriosly though this game isnt fun without multiplater so im not recomending this game yet
,Not Recommended,332310,20675796,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,NUT IN MY BUTT,"Don't wait for it to get better, don't buy it or refund asap, i have no idea why i waited for them to improve the game only to have it not change whatsoever in 7 months.The game still lags constantly even with everything as low as it can go on a skylake i7K + it's not intuitive or fun to build anything.If you bought this, I'm so sorry."
76561197968184495,Not Recommended,332310,20926857,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Travbear,Barely works.Nothing to do.
76561198246012062,Not Recommended,332310,19209245,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,SpencerSGrant,this game just dosen't have much to offer.
76561198213015795,Not Recommended,332310,21320009,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Wolfy,"Its O.K. for the first 20 mins that you play on it then it gets quite boring. Good game, but just doesn't catch my intrest."
,Not Recommended,332310,22298756,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Deznerg,"This game must be for kids or something, there's nothing to do. Maybe if there was a MP mode. Right now I definitely do not recommend this game."
76561198135974514,Not Recommended,332310,21041008,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Mr. Peasant,I can't discover the diver. PLease make bumping into characters to discover a thing again. (Or make waving underwater possible)
,Not Recommended,332310,18800665,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Censure,"Was enjoyable for a while, but got boring quick."
76561198154547741,Not Recommended,332310,18977612,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Saturn4ce,"Its an interesting take on a sandbox game for sure.  It has a very long way to go though.  I bought this when it was very first released on steam and waited a few months to review it.Graphics:The graphics are ok, but for some reason show up a little bit blurry.  Your eyes need to adjust to the game a bit which is really not a good thing.   Seems this is due to the ground you walk upon,  Understanding that  there are tons of legos beneath your characters feet but lets not make those graphics lesser quality than the characters, items, and shrubbery.Music:The music is alright but nothing amazing.  After quite a bit of long drawn out silences the game endures between music rotation and when a song finally comes on your left with a very watered down what usually is deemed to be ""epic adventure traveling soundtrack"" that eventually and quickly becomes boring.Gameplay:You are lego; you choose whether or not you want to start off as a female or male adventurer in the game, with a pretty sad layout screen.  The options you switch between are rather confusing when you first install the game,  there is a top left button on the main screen that for the first time you play the game has hard to view under and over buttons to know that you can even switch the options/character/etc (This is also where you would Quit the game, if you can find it).   Even selecting your chosen world at first is confusing, usually you just select the only one you can see, the Selection screen layout really needs to be fixed, especially since I watched a few little kids struggle with figuring this out and also adults.When your character starts in his or her chosen world they fall high from the sky descending upon an unknown world you can guide them as they fall as to where you might want them closer to something.  Now your on a world, now what?  you walk around a bit punch trees, bushes,  might find a house thats usually empty, meet some random other npc characters that just wave at you.  But now all those things you beat up you now have lego money and can buy items that the characters where wearing in a selection screen.  The worlds are basically dead though, you barely see anything worth while to do, not many enemies still except for random skeletons that are no threat at all (and you barely can find anyhow).  Your character can't really die or anything.  There are no real enemies in the game as of yet.  You can find automobiles, planes, digging equipment, but it all gets pretty boring fast.You can build!  Sounds great right?  Unfortunately the game has a slight issue.. We all played with lego's pretty much growing up.  We know the size of the legos compared to the lego people.  Unfortunately in the game the lego pieces seem a bit smaller than the characters.  You can make an automatic house/barn/building they supply you with or you can sit there for hours making your own home out of blocks, which will take forever.  Placing the blocks doesnt feel that great either as it can be a pain to set them up just right sometimes.Annoyances:Whenever you come to a new area in the game, instead of just having an overhead subtitle saying ""Green Forest"" or something it makes your character completely stop in his/her tracks just so a camera and go all around them, above them, pull out the camera just to say ...your here.. It happens very Very often!  Same occurs when you find an animal, person, pretty much anything in the damn game.The Camera angles itself while you walk, if you just want an overhead view - sorry can't do that, as soon as you angle the camera above your head and start walking the camera angle always slopes back down more towards the ground, there is no option to change this.Tutorial:There isn't really oneAs much as I liked lego's as a kid and thought ""Wow this is a great idea!"" It really has a very long way to go and I probably most likely wont check up on this for quite a while."
,Not Recommended,332310,19516319,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Maniac,fequently crashes
76561198261579896,Not Recommended,332310,20336255,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Bellork,"Just wasted 14.99$ I could have used on a better game, I do not recommend this game.This game will give you loads of lag ( I've got a pretty fast/good computer), if you're considering to get this game and you know your computer isn't all that great-- dont download it! This game gets kinda boring after a while to be honest... Controls are a bit wonky, the camera angle moves from where I want it, tried to find in the settings so I could change that but I couldn't. Also for me trees were my worst enemies, everytime I walked near one you'll just run up the tree and hang from it. I did not enjoy this game =/"
,Not Recommended,332310,20713728,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,22BusDrivers,I like the game dont get me wrong but the building is kinda hard. The camera angels are hard to use. I would recomend this game when it is out of early access.
,Not Recommended,332310,20766795,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,KiNGTiTUS,"Good Game.However, Make it Multi or Online Co-op gets boring with only one person....The game is fun tho, I can recommend it once you put it online or something"
76561198080196486,Not Recommended,332310,20896145,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,GRamsey69,so let me start off with saying this I don't know why this game made by the developers that made the other Lego games is such a hot mess of a game it seems like the devs suddenly became incompetent I like the game a lot but currently it lacks in performance the FPS drops like crazy and it stutters and I mean I can't recommend it but I will still look out for Updates and hope that this gets resolved but until then the negative review stays
,Not Recommended,332310,21379486,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,RipCurl,Eh. If you LOVE LOVE legos get it but if you dont really like legos then dont get it. I dont like legos
,Not Recommended,332310,22102742,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Robo7988143,"The game is really fun, you can edit terrarin. DO quests and other things, enemies attack you on sight. But it's missing one thing, it needs more updates, it feels like it's running out of content, I would rather wait to see if they added more things."
,Not Recommended,332310,22145300,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,BlacKnight,I purchased this game thinking it played like Minecraft and it doesn't. The controls are so terribile along with finding the menus. Sometimes my character falls through the floor. Easy to get stuck in a wall/ground. Creativerse game is better and it's free. It does run on Windows 10 but sometimes crashes when I exit out of the game.
76561198047375218,Not Recommended,332310,20698567,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,hobopag1,"I have had this game for almost 1year. I was hoping that with updates it would get better but has not. Yes they have worked out a lot of the bugs but I think my problem with it is just the simple contol of my toon. When i'm moving about, my view always looks up at the sky. I try walking by a tree, instead I climb it. I wish I could enjoy the game but it's just to frustraiting"
76561198102269834,Not Recommended,332310,22462634,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Maelstrom,ADD TRAINS AND ADD COOL ACTUAL LEGO CITY STUFF NOT RANDOM♥♥♥♥♥♥DAMMIT THATS WHAT LEGOS ARE THE BEST AT
,Not Recommended,332310,22477454,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Did it feel good though?,I dont really enjoy this game there is nothing to do its like a lego version of minecraft it was fun for a while now its boring
,Not Recommended,332310,21630167,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,bluepencilbike,I Don't know if I like it or not! Its.. beacause of the lag!
,Not Recommended,332310,16344741,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Senneca,"hi guys and girls.let me start of saying this has the protential to be better then minecraft however there are some drawbacks to the game in which i feel let the game down which the game developers need to adress to make it a brilliant game. however these drawbacks are very big. here are the postives tho howeverpostives.- allows you to drive and fly automobiles- when break item it shatters like it would do on a real life lego set- real life motion on animals- wide range of building blocks.- nice biomesnegatives- does not include first person view, which makes it very hard to build.- block included are static blocks, would like to see train tracks etc- does not include mutiplayer- love to see a survival world,where rather the automobiles are spawning.you can mine the materials and then build the automobile from scratch because after a few minates of playing the game you feel you have just explored most of it-  building is almost too diffucult , the problem here lies within unfortunally how the game is set up , to make building easyier you have to get a flat ground however this very hard to find in lego worlds or make. it seems like the game almost wants you to import the pre existing housing into your game which is no fun.what could the dev put in the for the future.- quest mode where players can create their own world quests in which other  players in the community can download and play for free.- if the building has not been sorted out, then maybe have an area outside client within the game where you can create your house then import into the world you are working on.- allowing you to create your own transport, ie plane , train etcwhat i gather from playing lego worlds, is in fact it is a really cool game. however like i  mentioned above after a few hours you feel as tho you have explored and comlpeated the map. these game are really left to the imagination of the person who is playing them however at the minate minecraft is a better option to do this.i feel as if lego doesn't really get what a game like this requires like mojang does. mojang understands that you have cut down trees then craft amour ,boats etc where each biome counts  for different recoreces for your servival on the world. however lego have seemed to take the more creative mode which isn't fun to play hour and hours and also the fact that you don't really build anything you click a button and the house build itself rather then you getting creative and building the house.at the minuate i cannot recommend this game, however with the impovement above would change the game to become a very neat game indeed i hope this is where the delevopers are heading rather then just another money grabbing lego product"
,Not Recommended,332310,16541942,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,CaptainKlyde,"I really wanted to like this game. At first I did, however, it got boring. Boring really fast. There is almost nothing to do in this game that is that fun. The only good part is exploring the world, but the world even gets overused fast. I would not recommend this game."
76561198209562972,Not Recommended,332310,16587889,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,nathancook609,Great game although i have only played it once for it ceeps crashing as soon as i get onto it!!!!! I do hope it gets fixed and if it does i will be so pleased.
76561197973206689,Not Recommended,332310,16607440,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,helznicht,"Advice for those wanting a Lego Building game, build your structure in Lego Digital Designer (http://ldd.lego.com/en-us/), import it into worlds then export.  It will take you a 3rd of the time because the build block by block interface in worlds is horrible.  Trying to do anything complex in worlds is an exercise in frustration.  I hope the devs take this to heart, the only thing this has over other block building games is you can build Lego piece by piece.  But right now trying to get the pieces to snap to where you want or trying to move them after you snap them down removes is near impossible.  If you want to build in a video game, there are nuch better choices out there, the Lego license doesnt save the failure of what should be its core mechanic.Devs, try some other block building games to get some ideas on how it should be done (ehem, think first person camera).  Update the interface and I will happily update this review."
76561198201424830,Not Recommended,332310,16895157,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,slodaveandsusie,"I have tried to run Legos Worlds and keep getting ""Project 23 has stopped working""How do I fix this?"
76561198211002224,Not Recommended,332310,16199134,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,evilaudio,goog looking gam i ust whish my 8 g ram and 2tera mem would if worked on it  but i geuss not
,Not Recommended,332310,16233809,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Yello Jello,Can't even open up the game. Crashes everytime.
,Not Recommended,332310,16239227,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,DAZY,"very laggy game, unable to play, please fix!"
76561197978199392,Not Recommended,332310,16252508,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,[KLF]BarnabyJones32,just play minecraft its a lot better
76561197970739839,Not Recommended,332310,16277148,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Famine,"similar in a number of ways to other lego games- you pick up studs, which you spend to unlock things. however with a randomly generated world, finding the things you want to unlock can take some time. also, equiped items (gun, sword, bow, dynamite, ect) are only found in large chests.the submarine is a bit disapointing, as it only sits on top of the water. you cant go underwater yet. the road-paver is likewise less than stellar, as it often dead-ends itself into the side of a hill.its sort of like playing minecraft in creative, but with worse controls, and with a long list of pregen buildings you can drop down whenever you like. the vehicles are a definite upside, and there is no cost to spawn items that you have unlocked.overall, this looks like it has promise, but it isnt there yet. hopefully it will improve soon, but the early release is just disapointing for the cost. my biggest complaint is the slow interface speed for exiting the game- you have to exit world, manually scroll a wheel, then exit the game."
76561198037095342,Not Recommended,332310,16393241,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Roundtable Rival,crash crash crash
,Not Recommended,332310,16947946,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,[BLUR]Yellow_Jacket,how do i refind
,Not Recommended,332310,17082539,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Funky,"There is A LOT of potential here, but the lack of content (no doors, seriously?) and game modes means I can not reccommend Lego Worlds just yet."
76561198123506223,Not Recommended,332310,17215048,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Flint_IDX,"boring, kid didnt like it either"
76561198010254351,Not Recommended,332310,17796847,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,JWoody907,"Lots of potential, but it's all unrealized.The good:It's Lego and it's a lot like Minecraft, that alone should pique your interest. Unlike Minecraft, with Lego you can use fully functional vehicles, including cars, motorcycles, and planes.The bad:The interface is everything that is wrong with this game. Firstly, the system tries to be simplistic but is just unfriendly. Everything is contained in unexplained submenus from a single disc-like scroll at the top left corner. Hot keys to access these directly are virtually non-existant, so it's click intensive.The hotkeys themselves can be summarized in about five lines, which means that the designers have failed to capitalize on one basic advantage of PC over console: more keys = more flexibility. The mapping of about 10 hot keys (of which 6 are basic WASD movement types) does this game a HUGE disservice. Not to mention the Options menu does not contain a quick reference for the hot keys, nor a way to alter them.The tools themselves are bulky and poorly designed. For example, smoothing and adding terrain hark back more to SimCity 2000 than a modern game. Unlike Minecraft and most other world builders, it is nearly impossible to manipulate single bricks in anything resembling an effective manner. While it is possible through the extensive and annoying use of the mouse, it is lackluster. Scalable tools would go a long way to allieviating this problem.Finally, the camera. The bane of existance. The camera is stuck in a 3rd person view but even the chase mode on the camera is poor. WASD controls are relative to the camera position, NOT the character or vehicle, unlike most games, meaning there is a learning curve.The implementation of a 1st person POV would be a major boost to playability.This game is not minecraft, will not be minecraft and should not be held to the exact same standards as minecraft. That said, this game is not up to par across numerous categories. The decision to base this game on what seems to be late-90s era game design is a poor and damaging decision. My recommendation is to wait a nice long while for these issues to be corrected (or the game to flounder) before you spend any money on it."
76561197985250821,Not Recommended,332310,16262013,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Jecht,"This game is beautiful and charming.  It could have been something quite special.  Sadly, the controls are very awkward.  I only put in 20 minutes or so, so others might be able to get used to it, but I couldn't.  Trying to place anything was a nightmare.  Clearly this was trying to cash in on the Minecraft market, but it should have probably taken their control scheme if it wanted to compete."
,Not Recommended,332310,16318481,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Zanecario,Do not buy until it comes out of EARLY ACCESS (I didn't read the fine print and now I'm bored with it until it gets updated)
,Not Recommended,332310,16529419,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Powell,The camera is this game is so ♥♥♥♥ing nauseating
,Not Recommended,332310,16252903,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,The Archaeologist,"This game honestly looks amazing so far. I think it will be really fun to watch it through development, but there's one solid fact that keeps my from giving it a good rating. It doesn't run. LIke, at all. I mean, it runs, but the intense lag spikes are so frequent that you'd average about 8 FPS. (IF you have a really good rig) Honestly, I'd just say wait until it gets out of early access, or atleast is more developed. I'm sure the devs are working very hard on fixing the performance issues, but at this point it's practically unplayable."
76561197968302175,Not Recommended,332310,16201947,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Malovern,"The main issue for me is the controls.  I am a left handed gamer and using WASD is just not natural - there is no option to change the controls other than the default (or use a controller).This game is definately not ready even for a beta, let alone a paid beta. Hopefully it will get better but at the moment I would wait and look at a demo of the full game if one ever surfaces."
76561198137620985,Not Recommended,332310,16211067,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,REBEL JAY YT,do not get this its a waste. to easy beacause ive played 20 mins of it and allready got a plane to buy please fix this
,Not Recommended,332310,16292596,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,turborko,"I didn't care for this game much, the controls are horrid and the system building is not all that great. Tries to hard to be Minecraft and falls way short of the mark. Simplicity is key to games like Minecraft that is why people young and old love it. I could see this game doing much better they just need to polish and redo some controls in my opinion and work in a survival mode or story mode."
,Not Recommended,332310,16296301,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Boo Kirby ,"had great expectiations, camera refused to move.2/10. crashed within 10 minutes of playing, unfixable framerate issues, and of course, camera issue. one day maybe. one day *cries a little*."
,Not Recommended,332310,16770864,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Rowbot,"This game has promise, but at this time, I cannot recommend it. In first 5 minutes of gameplay, I got stuck in terrain/models 4 times, each time having to spend ""Lego bucks"" to skydive to a new, random point. Gameplay is bland and there is little to do, except for the ONE thing I wanted this game for: building. Building, however, is ruined by a terrible camera and awkward, floaty controls. Even worse, I couldn't even exit build mode without placing blocks by accident when clicking the appropriate icons. Due to the nature of the random terrain generation and random placement of objects, many times you'll find things partially floating in the air. Lastly, if I ever have to listen to another 10 minutes of a pig making annoyingly loud scratching sounds while stuck in a tree, I will cover myself in bacon and go on a pig killing spree. Had this not been an officially licensed Lego game made by the same people behind many other great Lego games, I probably would have stuck it out and waited for updates to fix it. However, since it is indeed a legit Lego game, I expected much, MUCH more out of these guys. As such, I refunded the game. Maybe in a few months to a year I'll check it out again and purchase it once more, but at this time, there are too many glaring issues.TL;DR - Horrible camera, near non-existent gameplay, and pig bloodlust."
,Not Recommended,332310,17471109,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,The Awesome Bastard,"YES EARLY ACCESS, so this can change this to positive and I hope I do.What do you do:Explore and unlock, and build, which has a terrible current setup.What do you do once this is done:building is never done, but gets boring with the current setup. combot needs more.Well its not over yet, but minecraft is better for building wise. Needs some objectives or quests or something to do."
76561198052333596,Not Recommended,332310,17726659,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Boybournie (OVERWATCHED),PLEASE BE AVAILIBLE ON MAC
,Not Recommended,332310,17729471,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Little Shibe,gets pretty boring. especially when your first world is a piece of a block. 4/10
76561198040852742,Recommended,332310,16132306,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Dragon Master54,"(sorry for the spelling and puncuation in advance)o.k. where do I begin......well this game is an open world,infinitly generated,adventure game. also im a huge lego fan so ill try not to gush on this game. the things i like.........well this game (unlike every lego game made ever!) this game is made up of lego bricks!!!every single pecie of ground lava water clouds are made of lego!!!!sorry iner fanboy. there are some bugs but thats expected in a beta game., i forgot to mention that you can build basicly anything you want with this games terraforming tools. all in all this game is amazing1 i would recogmend this game to any human being on the plant or any lego fan that likes legos.(added june 2nd) just a quick update one hilarius bug /glich found!! when you use cloes driller and drill the water it happans not as constaly as you think but its hilarius!!1 who ever has this game you need to try this glich!"
76561198059361577,Recommended,332310,16128441,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Kanye's Getting Stronger,"This game is a lot of fun and definitely worth the price, its a randomly generated world lego game that is based on exploration as well as sandbox game play. the game rewards you for wandering around the world and you unlock items as you encounter them but they don't automatically give them to you. you have to use studs which you can earn in a number of ways like finding chests which is the best way and there's plenty of them also they have grand chests which give you items that you don't have to find anymore. for a early access game it has a lot in it already and i cant wait to see it when it officially launches. this game is what so many people wanted in a lego game and finally got it a classic exploration/sandbox game where you can do what ever you want and build what ever you want. the game does have pre-built stuff if you lack creativity and features several modes of transportation in a variety of was (flying,water, and ground). every animal and vehicle was unlockable and usable i.e. like the steam roller i found that built roads or the dragon i flown that shot fireballs. i would highly recommend this game it looks and feels like a lego game but with a minecraft twist to it. p.s. they have lego sets in the game the only one is an actual lego set they make so expect to see all the lego universes like star wars or lego city."
,Recommended,332310,16127604,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Dr DevNull,Excellent game! Theres so much room for creativity. 10/10. Cant wait to see what come next!
,Recommended,332310,31337622,Posted: 24 April,all,gwich,Best LEGO game ever.  38 hours and still going.  The creative potential in this game is mindblowing.  I dont even want to play with real LEGO'S again.
,Recommended,332310,17538130,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Andy,Lennmeister approved ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198104484915,Not Recommended,332310,22161331,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Pedro_Leopoldo,"The idea is very cool, but the game isn't complete, has only one game mode, and you has everything (should have a survival mode), if you wanna buy this game wait until the game is complete."
,Recommended,332310,31053583,Posted: 9 April,all,UnicornDemonn,This is what I wanted from No Man's Sky! I love it! Playing with friends is hilarious and there's so much to do!
76561198179189125,Recommended,332310,31048870,Posted: 9 April,all,Justiceman77,This  game brings back many lego memories and it's one of the best games I've ever played so good job to the developers.
,Recommended,332310,16134151,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,AkibaKing,"If you grew up on Lego and love playing Minecraft stop reading and buy this game! Seriously I have been dreaming of something exactly like this since I was a child. Having played so many different Lego games growing up none of them made me feel like I was really playing with Legos as this does. Instead it felt I was playing a game set in a Lego world.Fanboyism, and nerdgasm aside there are some issues. My five hours has been spent swapping between my mouse and keyboard to controller and back depending on the situation. Sometimes the controls can be touchy and its hard to get the camera right were you need it to place that one piece that has to be perfect. Once you get past exploring and decide to build something get ready to undo and replace time and time again. Especially if you copy and paste segments of a build.I can not wait for multiplayer so I can build a world with friends. However before that comes I would love to see a few things added as I am sure they are planned... at least I hope. More pieces, specifically windshields wheels, axels, propellers.... Which least to my greatest desire for an addition, player built and customized vehicles, weapons, etc. I don't just want to build a castle or a city, I hope they let us make anything we can think of. I would also like to see us be able to save designs for fast replicating not just the copy and paste function. Let us build a house then save that as a brick build set to just drop anytime we want. Also I understand a large portion of the audience will be children, but not all of us are and those large menus and icons are someone absurd at times. I would love to see a UI scaling option so that I can get more of me screen back. Speaking of screen space we need to be able to zoom out while flying. The camera angle in the plane is almost useless. I hope features like these are on the way but only time will tell.Don't let these few negatives turn you away though as even in its current state this game blows away almost everything I have played this year! Not to mention the early access price makes it a no brainer in todays 60$ norm for every rushed crap recycle. The price per enjoyment value is unbeatable."
76561198060807887,Recommended,332310,25121048,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,dragon,good
76561197999541851,Recommended,332310,16132940,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,moophius,"I played quite a bit yesterday, and have a blast.  That being said though, it is quite rough around the edges currently.  But there is plenty of room for improvement.The good:The world is huge, and the vast array of bricks and colors mean you can build almost anything!All of the vehicles and animals are a blast to find and play around withThe ability to place pre-build structures works great, and is a lot of fun.The bad:Most of the controls (especially the tools to adjust the landscape and the brick by brick editor) are somewhat clunky and take some time getting used to.  The brick by brick editor is also really hard to use at times as it's hard to get a brick exactly where you want it.As it has been said time and time again, the keyboard and mouse capabilities seem like an after thought, and leave a lot to be desired.Things I would love to see in the game:The lego designer should be part of the game and accessible from the main menu.  It would also be great if you could export parts of the game world (limited of course) to the lego designer to work on, then move them back to the game world.It would be awesome if they added some of the more complex pieces to this game when they add the 'red brick' extras.Adding actual store bought sets to the game via an unlock code when you buy the set from a store.  I realize there would probably be some red tape with this or some alterations to their existing contracts with those companies, but I would love to see it.It would be interesting to see alternate game modes.  Since this game is basically competing with minecraft anyways, I would love to see something along the lines of Survival or Adventure eventually."
,Recommended,332310,31301078,Posted: 22 April,all,Frog?,good fun from russia
,Recommended,332310,16164959,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Miner|LF stegosaur,Intel Pentium processor... WILL NOT RUN ON COMPUTER :( but still good game from what I've seen :) Recommended for at least probably i5 processor computers *MAYBE* i3
,Recommended,332310,16121436,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Tonbo,Everything is awesome!
76561198066694032,Recommended,332310,16125275,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Jimmers,"In my opinion, one of the best productions of TT Games...and it's only early access5/5"
,Recommended,332310,16121600,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Silencer,"Lots to explore, to build, to destroy. Worth every penny.10/10"
,Recommended,332310,16349620,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,FauxReal,You can leave it out and don't have to worry about stepping on it.10/10
76561198202061808,Recommended,332310,28939693,Posted: 2 January,all,Jay the blue ninja,This game is awesome and with so much new stuff coming soon its gonna be even better!
,Recommended,332310,16196398,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Blastro,10/10Love this awesome game. Reminds me in a way of Universe which is shut down now.Want-Save modelsUpload real creations with camsMechanic blocks to make canons and stuff
76561198208856069,Recommended,332310,29524353,Posted: 27 January,all,VictorHellie,One of the best games i ever saw
76561198071121399,Recommended,332310,29562467,Posted: 29 January,all,Something incredibly funny,"This started off as a laggy unoptimised mess, but now I find exploring the world fun, be it flying, tunneling or taking to the seas, a few things I'd personally like:A better build interfaceSPACE (the ability to go beyond your lego world)maybe a pirate ship?Also the ability to have a divers helmet and breathe underwaterthe world needs a bit more variation and population as finding the same characters over and over is kind of dull but it's a good game!"
,Recommended,332310,29662038,Posted: 2 February,all,Demetrios,LEGO worlds is awesome you can have all the fun building stuff you can imagine and not worry about the mess to clean up after youve finnished playing with iti definately recommend getting this game if you are into lego
,Recommended,332310,29321697,Posted: 17 January,all,HOT ROSS BUNS,"Probably the best lego game I have ever experianced, overflowing with freedom!5/6"
76561198256476112,Recommended,332310,29668827,Posted: 3 February,all,kmanct,i liked the concept of building whatever i want like castles houses and towers it lets my imagination run wild it's similar to minecraft it's an open world sandbox game that lets you unlock everything in the game i recommend it to anyone who loves Lego games and minecraft can't wait for this game to be on consoles
,Recommended,332310,29635698,Posted: 1 February,all,Zaphod Beeblebrox,"This is the best Lego game!What annoys me with most Lego games is the lack of lego, only the interactable objects would be made of Lego. Also, you can't build in most Lego games. The point of Lego is to build, without building they might as well be playmobile.This is a game with naturally generating terrain made ENTIRELY OUT OF LEGO and YOU CAN BUILD."
,Recommended,332310,29355174,Posted: 19 January,all,King,This game sounds like it will be lots of fun but it may become very laggy on some laptops including mine. I recommend getting this game but making sure your laptop is decent :D
76561198283805833,Recommended,332310,29664836,Posted: 3 February,all,TombRaiders,"It's an good game but needs more to do, such as maybe a tutorial so that new players don't get overwhelmed."
76561198053859416,Recommended,332310,29679542,Posted: 3 February,all,OrganicAndyAlien,"Good game a lot better that before.Have bugs,but its still in early access so that will be fixed.Great game in all.."
76561198272270556,Recommended,332310,29807568,Posted: 9 February,all,SanchoFanancho,"Good. Just a well,fun time i have to say that this game unlike all other lego games is more fun for adults and teenagers i would recommend, the only reason i refunded is the  pc wasnt running that well but i just got a new one just for gaming and i will deffently be making the purchase of this just fun alround exciting game.Just take into consideration that this game is new and may have the odd bug but hay ho just play and you wont put the keyboared down.Hope this helped!"
76561198221485116,Not Recommended,332310,16189881,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,samurai jack,lag
76561198219219671,Recommended,332310,32594333,Posted: 20 June,all,Legokirbytwin,"If you enjoy a Lego game with free-roam exploring and you like building anything with Lego bricks then this is your game. There are many things to explore and discover, such as new biomes, characters, vehicles, and Lego pieces. If you plan on getting this game I recommend having a strong computer, because sometimes my laptop overheats when I play this game for a hour."
,Recommended,332310,16356851,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Brian The Skeleton,">killed skeleton with bare fists>got ""money"">bought skeleton>set skeleton as playermodel>skeleton screams whenever i hit things11/10Jokes aside, let's get into this game, shall we?This game is basically a sandbox-type game where you can build anything you imagine out of LEGO, and it's a computer game, so don't worry on accidentally stepping on that brick! This game is actually really good. I've made quite a bit of progress finding models and stuff, and heck, I even got a dragon and flew around in it! Ah, fun times. I say that you either buy this game orburn down your house for the insurance money, then buy the game."
,Recommended,332310,32729606,Posted: 24 June,all,Jackpot13666,"it's a fun game that's had quite some improvement since its early access, if you like Lego it's definitely worth the few bucks"
,Recommended,332310,33208498,Posted: 3 July,all,dgm192,if you like legos this is the game for you. I love it so you will too
,Recommended,332310,35444503,Posted: 3 October,all,Ursling,"First thing: Not worth $30. Wait until a sale, but honestly it is very fun playing with a friend building random crap"
76561198042140258,Not Recommended,332310,35515601,Posted: 6 October,all,Gemini,"PROS: Extremely powerful tools for building LEGO creations, superb graphicsCONS: Not really much of anything to do in terms of being a ""game""... you just scan stuff and clear the most mundane quests imaginable with zero skill involved, I also never got used to the controls, neither with a mouse and keyboard nor with a gamepadOVERALL: You're better off just grabbing some LEGO CAD software. This is basically a LEGO game without the ""game"" being much of anything. :P"
,Recommended,332310,30496675,Posted: 13 March,all,TheBrickDude,"LEGO Worlds, this is literally the LEGO game I always dreamed of! This game gives you a breathtaking virtual experience of what LEGO can REALLY do! And I always wanted to make my rendition of LEGO Island, and now is my time! With this game, I can do all the things with LEGO I dreamed of, thanks Traveller's Tales! You made my dreams come true!"
,Recommended,332310,28639248,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Mr.Rainbow,its an amzing fun game i can play it for hurs but i cant join an online game like it dosnt allow me to press A.
76561198140985976,Recommended,332310,16185257,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,PB,best game ever (multiplayer NEEDS to be added) it is SSOOO good but the thing is i really want to play with my friend soo please add something like multiplayerPebbles
76561198103031924,Recommended,332310,16179031,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,A134drew10,"What do you (or did you) most enjoy about Legos?The building? Which this game has lots of.The playing? Many places to explore and many props to interact with.Or perhaps the destroying? Cuz this game has fireballs, drills, TNT, everything for your destructive needs!A side note:I've been waiting a very long time for a Lego game thats more about building then adventuring and battling, tittles like Lego Star Wars and Lego Harry Potter do just that. Those games are fun and all but the main reason I love Legos is more for building my creations THEN having fun with them. The fun after the building would always seem like a reward to me and gave me a sence of accomplishment and pride. I'm glad Lego desided to give us a game that goes back to the basics while still adding many new things a long the way!So is it worth the price?In its current state Yes! sure there are some bugs here and there, but the game just came out after all. There was a problem the day it came out with people getting a black screen which Lego fixed within hours, plus they promess many more updates to fix kinks and add new content. With the coming of muiltyplayer... well I'll just use a saying I heard once, Just went from a 9 to a 10!"
,Recommended,332310,17564673,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Denizu,"A game filled to the brim with exploring, adventure, and building. A journey that will be worth the price. Being a early accsess game, the lack of structures and anything to fill the lego world except for ruins is excusable. The enemies are easy to defeat and they all act the same. I hope they will fix that in the future. The world is however beautiful in its lego brick glory. With many charachters, vehicles and buildings to build, this game has a lot going. But some things i hope will be fixed in the future.-The combat system. Enemies are too easy and they all act the same.-No structures wont motivate me to explore the world.And thats it. The game is really good and will be great when it's problems are ironed out.So my rating for this game is : A adventure out of an epic journey  7/10"
,Recommended,332310,16899633,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Lt. Lead Head,"Good game but gets boring after a while. I would like to see a steam workshop, splitscreen and multiplayer. I would recomend it for little kids who like to build or explore or anyone in general.  3/5"
,Recommended,332310,16951035,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,SchWaZ,"First impressions:Looks like it will be a very promising game. Doing very well for its alpha stages. The game is a bit like Minecraft, but I like the fact that there's still a very creative aspect to the game even if you have a life bar.After playing it for a bit:Very fun to explore around and find different props, animals, and biomes, which I think is a fun element to the game. The cutscenes are a bit exaggerated, but not too annoying. I love no fall damage, as knowing that you can stop your building at any time without having to worry about how far up you are. The menu is a bit intimidating at first, but easy to get the hang of and very well thoughtout. Your character feels very smooth when controlling it like other LEGO games. Visually, this game will be a nostalgia trip for people who played the original LEGO Star Wars games when they were younger. They look dazzling, even on the lower settings. I can't wait to see what's to come forthis game. I will be playing it a lot.9/10,and no, I don't care if this game is still being developed. The devs took a lot of time and effort to make this game, and you can tell. It's amazing."
,Recommended,332310,17018438,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,xd,"Great game, i must say, but since ""update 1"" was released, the game has gotten more buggy (walking through walls, vehicles driving on there own!). Apart from that huge problem, it is a good game, would recommend it!"
76561198119581356,Recommended,332310,16968875,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,αzмσ∂αη,Minecraft is ded.
,Recommended,332310,31685356,Posted: 11 May,all,[CTX] Ghostc123,"I personaly like it and with the new sandbox mode its probably the best game Ive ever played BUT mayby if your reading this lego worlds crew could you add Things like a city like new york like lego city with prisons and stuff and could you add mayby star wars with like characters vehcles and boimes ttooine,hoth,dethstar etc."
,Recommended,332310,16351110,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,[SC] The King Ed2fiVe,great game but waiting for new content & workshop
,Recommended,332310,16259312,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Super Sexy,"This game is full of bugs. I'm not saying it's a bad game. It's actually very interesting and unique. I would suggest waiting on the game to be updated more, but if you're eager to play it then give it a shot."
76561198290753103,Recommended,332310,31535156,Posted: 3 May,all,Bubbler,8 out of 8 m8 would reccomend you r8 and try
,Recommended,332310,23813083,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Shy Shy Tomato,Very good and fun.
76561198157937830,Recommended,332310,29962447,Posted: 16 February,all,Nieco28,I bought the game recently and i think its awesome you can be very creative and there are so many possibilitiesI hope this game gets more and more popular
76561198027412251,Recommended,332310,23735182,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Cryptology00,"Edited to change a ""d"" to a ""t""If reading is hard for you, the TL;DR is at the bottom.If you grew up playing with lego...or ""legos"" if you had more than one (♥♥♥♥ off i dont care what you say), then you will be right at home. im not talking about the lego ""games"" im talking about real lego...the one where you had to use your imagination to get anything even close to this. there is no story or plot or anything like that. just a procedurally generated world built out of lego for you to explore, play with and make your own story (subject to change).Also ive heard this game called ""like minecraft, but lego"" if you come in expecting anything like minecraft, this game's building mechanics will overwhelm the ♥♥♥♥ out of you. Way more than different colored cubes here.TL;DR: Minecraft for smart people cuz more than cubes (only dumb people will get offended), Lego, no story, gotta find stuff before you can use it, still feels like an EA (Early Access...NOT Electronic Arts) game.Using the tracking & zoom camera helps alot, LOTS of biomes and my personal favorite, vehicles."
76561197985721468,Recommended,332310,29949009,Posted: 15 February,all,Dyerz,"While the game defenitly has it's flaws, this is the kind of game i was hoping Lego would bring back in the days of my childhood. Now as an adult is still enjoy this game noticably. Spending way to much time on it since i bought it. I hope the somehow manage to bring a bit of a story mode in it along with more blocks like an orb for example, furniure and decorations. They set up a great base up for this game. I hope they can build on something beautifull for the future here."
,Recommended,332310,16268564,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Spencinator,"Imagine the best thing you could possibly think of.Now multiply it by 5.And add 3.What do you get?LEGO: WORLDS!This game lets anyone live out their dremas of being able to build anything you want, wherever you want, whenever you want, however you want, while doing whatever you want!The brick building system is intuitive and awesome to use after you get the hang of it. You can make very intricate and detailed creations like no other brick building game before!The world is procedurally generated, fun to explore, and MADE COMPLETELY OF LEGOS! Everything. EVERYTHING! Much more advanced than other procedural generation games of the past!You can even blow up stuff with a bazooka, fly on an eagle, and make a hole through a giant cake with a drilling machine!Fantastic,fantatsic,fantastic,fantastic, FANTASTIC game!AND IT'S NOT EVEN FINISHED YET!!!!Some reviews:""9.9/10. Lego didn't pay us enough for 10/10."" - IGN""It's like Minecraft but better"" - Everyone""gr8 m8 i r8 8/8"" - Everyone else"
76561198078568185,Recommended,332310,16178460,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,ɹɐǝפɯǝɐʇS ʎlʞɹɐp,"pros:-very fun and nostalgic (you guys should add more stuff from your older games like pirates, the moon, mars, and other fun nostalgia from the older games)-very open world-graphically pleasing (even though my poor little gtx 660m cant handle the level of shader in this game)-you can ride PUPPIES-PUPPIES-so much adventurecons (most of which are what it needs):-camera (god is it terrible)-needs an option to turn off shaders-less shaders pls-needs more space-needs more trains-needs more pirates-needs more castles-needs LEGO MINDSTORMS-needs more gears-needs more legos-needs more nostalgia-and most imprtantly, needs more mars and moon10/10 ""Needs less shader, and more nostalgia""-IGNEDIT: Hitboxes need improvement, fighting off skeletons with a sword downhill gets a bit weird when your hitting them and no damage is delt even when your literally right next to them, and weapon changeing could be better"
,Recommended,332310,16149330,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Paul George,-Bought game-Download took 8 seconds-Created World-Skydived but fell on a cloud-Looked around-Found a horse on the cloud-Tried to jump to it-Failed and fell down to the Lego depths below-Found cow-Rid it to battle-Found Candyland-Found Husky stuck is a candy house-Shot it-It chased me for 4 minutes-Randomly found dragon-Tamed dragon-Flew to the clouds to try and find that damn horse-Found and killed that damn horse with fireballs-Hopped onto cloud to spit on its body-Fell off-Climbed tree-Entire computer crashed69/10 - Gamespot
,Recommended,332310,16767216,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,MrDaveyy,"A game with such potential, excited to see where this goes! Really funny and charming but appears to suffer from perfomance issues on my PC and it's quite difficult to build brick by brick using a controller when compared to Minecraft."
76561198022291818,Recommended,332310,18108222,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Nox,"This game is fantastic!, Like an superly upgraded minecraft, i defenitly recommend this game to other players, defenitly its worth the money and the time to play cause what u are about to get cannot be described by words! I have only 5 hours and i cannot stop plying! Considering what will be released drives me mad, i cant wait. Especially for multiplayer where all players will be able to share their ideas, only with that thought the results will be enormous! My congratulations to the developers and publicers, this game totally worths it! Gj and i look forward into meeting all of u fellow games in the game! :D Stay well, stay safe and stay gamers :D"
76561198237860560,Recommended,332310,17256708,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,The_Creepers_3,BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!:)
,Recommended,332310,17432528,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,UnderlordMini,When are DLC's out?
,Recommended,332310,17197633,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Dad,"Even though this is an early access game, It's great for Adults & Kids. I like this game even more because the contect it already has is great, but there is even more to come. Optimization is great, I wish there was at-least multiplayer. But like I said it may come eventually, for the price of $15 dollars this is amazing, I would buy this game again.The adventure aspect and completely different biomes, the challange of trying to find all the items in chests, the different things you can do is just great.Basically this game is hours of fun and I reccomend its worth it."
,Recommended,332310,30410919,Posted: 9 March,all,Big dick richard,"the game changed quite a bit after it hit v1, it now has more of a story and an objective where you have to collect the gold bricks where as before you could randomly generate a world, i personally think its better as it gives me a drive to play withh all the new content etc, you can actually build stuff with accuracy now but you have to use a tool to discover something instead of walking over it which sucks  but its still an enjoyable game. 8/10"
,Recommended,332310,31209531,Posted: 17 April,all,hymn,"The best LEGO game ever made.If you ever played with bricks and wished you could run around inside your own creations then this is a game you absolutely have to try. Even if you don't end up building much yourself simply playing as a minifigure inside a world consisting entirely of buildable bricks is something special.Most other LEGO games treat bricks and building in itself as a purely cosmetic element, in LEGO Worlds it's the foundation of everything."
76561198008899811,Recommended,332310,23616743,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,njedgars,This game is amazing for me but I understand some people don't like it. I think you have to know you will like it to actually like it. Otherwise this is a great faamily-friendly game that everyone can play.
,Recommended,332310,33469483,Posted: 11 July,all,Kiren,"It's just a great game to dive into for about 60 hours and play. Multiplayer had DC issues, don't know if they've been fixed. Still would buy. I am going to buy the space expansion when it comes out. I've bought 2 copies on steam, and also one for xbox."
,Recommended,332310,33473261,Posted: 11 July,all,NYankee222,"Games like this really excite me. You do just about anything you want, and build anything you want. Finally, you can build WHATEVER you want in a LEGO game. It's something we've needed for a long time."
,Recommended,332310,16127092,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,SplitIce,LOVE IT IT BRINGS BACK MEMORIES10/10
,Recommended,332310,16400589,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Hemi,"Controls suck, and building things is tediously slow. With that said it has great potential."
,Recommended,332310,16293149,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Eddygeek18,"I have spent a little while playing Lego Worlds, and i think this game is great and has so much potential, however at the moment the game does seem to be lacking somewhat. I had alot of fun riding a Polar Bear, collecting all the items, built a few things, found an eagle, flew around on that for abit. Found a lava biome, heard a RAWR! Got on a dragon and bought all the unlockables in the game. Now i'm stuck until there is another update. As a building game, this is perfect. As an adventures, survival game, it's lacking at the moment. I would love features to build your own vehicles, also have a reason to build a house, maybe storage and alot more items that you find and collect (I already have the all the ones in the game at the moment). I'm throwing out ideas which i would like to see in the game.Conclussion: I would recommend this game, exploring is so fun if you havnt found everything. Then the building system works so well. It just needs a few more features and i can see this being the next Minecraft."
,Recommended,332310,16266683,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Noir Salem,"LEGO... LEGO EVERYWERE!!! LEGO TO YOU, LEGO TO YOUR FAMILY, LEGO TO YOUR COWN!!10/10"
,Recommended,332310,18313515,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Den Denovski,"Очень,очень хорошая игра! Я ее купил через день после старта Альфа теста. Постройка удобная, кастомизация пресонаже(которая будет только улучшаться), куча миров, пародий на фильмы и игры. Машины, самолеты и т.д.Удручает скорость выхода апдейтов, и плохая производительность на ранних этапах разработки...7 красных кирпичиков из 10! Я серьезно, это лучшая игра по лего...Даже находясь в Альфе она лучшая!"
76561198041566250,Recommended,332310,17895187,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,^ω^ Marco >_<,it looks good works grate but there need to be minecraft type gamemode u just unlock the stuff lol....and i thing im not going to play this game before it gets multiplayer or a more survival type game its good but not that fun to only discover and build
76561198126481781,Recommended,332310,17066626,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Li'l Jimbo,Its fun collecting studs and messing around by exploring and building but it gets boring after you have done all that.By the way I really like waffle fries. Just thought i would tell you that.
76561198080275847,Recommended,332310,16127274,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Howie372,"A RED fire spitting Dragon that you can ride and shoot fire on, what more could you want for $15.  Just squint and pretend it is Skyrim with a ""working"" dragon mod."
,Recommended,332310,16141174,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,The Lost Sentinel,Beat up a skeleton.Became a skeleton.Acquired a sword.Jumped on a goat.Ran around the countryside screaming and waving a sword around wildly whilst riding a goat.10/10
76561198081107657,Recommended,332310,16127490,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,bobclairejones,"Found banana in chest atop tower.Threw banana in face of dragon.Battled dragon on slopes of volcano.Rode dragon, made dragon cave in side of cliff with fireballs.Rode dragon to distant land.Built huge crystal skyscraper, climbed to top with dragon.Threw banana off skyscraper.10/10 Achieved dreams.Update:Found bazooka, killed skeleton army, built house, settled down, made hot dogs, drove fastest car in world, drove lawnmower into sea, got angry at loss of lawnmower, destroyed house."
76561198295725434,Recommended,332310,23773044,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,"the""GALAXY""gamer",The MOST BEAUTIFUL lego game i've ever played
,Recommended,332310,16152791,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Davidn64,I beat a bunch of skeletons and kings on a volcanic biome and became Lord Skeleton. I rode a goat and found a bazooka in a huge chest. I decided to blow up everything on sign until I found a huge drill car.Grand Theft Lego
76561198079431348,Recommended,332310,16132952,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,pierre.cathe,"Half an hour after downloading the game, I'm a wizard living atop the highest sugar cane in candyland riding a bear to combat puny skeletons and only stopping to flatten mountains and dry out oceans. 10/10 will keep playing"
76561198115991518,Recommended,332310,16761721,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Shaq-tastic,"I've always wanted a LEGO game that you couldactuallybuild your own creations in, like you can with real LEGOs.  My desire for an actual LEGO Building game was only partially fulfilled by LEGO Harry Potter and it's level creator. But LEGO Worlds promises to be exactly what I've been waiting for"
,Recommended,332310,16132871,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Racer,"If you're thinking about buying this game, ask yourself this:Buy this game.Now."
,Recommended,332310,31082652,Posted: 11 April,all,CabooseDOTexe,The Lego game I've always wanted but I would like to have the older sets like Rock Raiders and stuff from their old games like Lego Racers.
76561198131570179,Recommended,332310,19809966,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Skeletec,The Things You can do in this is amazing reccomend For everyone!!
,Recommended,332310,16121425,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Wil348,"Even though it has just entered Early Access, I can already say that this might just be the best LEGO game ever made. It focuses on the true directive of the toy while still succeeding as a video game. The building mechanics are extremely solid as well as flexible, and allows you to build much more intricate and complex structures or object than similar games such as Minecraft. While it is still a little bit rough around the edges, LEGO Worlds was definitely worth the £12/$15 entry fee even during the very early stages of Early Access.Also parkour and rideable huskies. Need I say more?"
,Recommended,332310,31052687,Posted: 9 April,all,TownCreep,Very fun game!
76561198099434952,Recommended,332310,30090091,Posted: 21 February,all,Goobernugget,"Review as of 2/21/17Coming from a guy whose not a huge LEGO fan, this game is pretty good. I dabble with LEGO games as I have a couple in my Library, so I was interested in getting LEGO Worlds. It took me a while to finally get it, but I'm glad I did.PROS:-An infinte amount of generated worlds for you to explore-Characters with different combat styles and customization for you to choose.-A variety of vehicals and tools to use-Decent GraphicsAlthough the game is good, it does need some improvement upon Full Release which should be happening soon.CONS:-Weird Camera. It's wonky, buggy and can interfear sometimes-The UI, it's in your face, and it's a bit buggy.-The Building is way more complex then needed, again going back to the UI it's clunky, and has just some poor decisions to how it functions.-I also found playing multiplayer (split-screen and online) to be frustrating. Online was a bit annoying to connect and split-screen was unpredictable-I was surprised with A FEW areas were my FPS dropped a bit to a point below 60I think if you ware looking for an Open World Sandbox Explorer LEGO Worlds could be a good game for you, and hey if not, you can always refund it."
76561197967713205,Recommended,332310,16258003,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Red Cloud,"Its minecraft, with usable vehicles, a few items to pickup (rather than craft), and ""gold"" to loot.It also has some nice ways to bulk build (such as raise, lower and flatten terrain), which saves on some of the duller aspects of an epic piece of terraforming in Minecraft.There's a few yeeha moments. Most animals are ridable, not just the horses. So yeeha, I rode a polar bear, and a goat (one of my favourites). I won't spoil it for you by saying the ""best"" one. Another yeeha was seeing the cowboys jumping on & off horses (neat), and then jumping on a polar bear due to meandering from the neighbouring biome. And some of the vehicles are yeeha. After a few neat vehicles I found the helicopter...oh yes, I am a lego playboy...The main downside is it's still pretty limited at this stage. In a couple of hours play I have explored most of the biomes, unlocked most of the vehicles and items, so there's not necessarily any motive to play on.On a personal note, it's very similar to an old design i did for a game (pre-Minecraft), and it reveals some of the issues with my own design. With an open ended game, you need goals, something to aim for.So far, collectign them all and exploring was my goal, but that's complete. So what next?Build a castle perhaps? Ah, I can click on the pre-made one and dump it in. Hmm, ok.What about a defensive structure? Well, the game does have threats, but nothing like the terror of minecraft (death in lego means a respawn in the same location having lost nothing), so that goal is moot.It needs more layers baby, more layers...UPDATE: First play it engaged me for a few hours, second play for an hour.The game is definitely missing the ""living world"" element of minecraft (where collecting & planting things & watching them grow played a part of the game). Add to that the fact that some vehicles allow you to deform terrain, but terrain deformation is also a free tool. I think the designers need to pick which elements are in sandbox, and which are in survival (or real) mode.Has potential, but so do a lot of things in early access. Depends how the expand from here."
,Recommended,332310,16918586,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Antagonist,"It's Legocraft.Seriously though, it's good. I'm a nearly 30 year old man who didn't really play with LEGO much as a kid, and I adore this game. It's a lot of fun. A lot more polished than 95% of the EA games (I guess this is to be expected with a juggernaut like LEGO, but still).The game will go up in price on full release, I am guessing 30-40 dollars, both would be MORE than fair prices for the game CURRENTLY, let alone when it's completed with online multiplayer and quests.I cannot recommend this game enough. Getting a week long ban from Albion was a good thing!Fun for you and the entire family out of 10"
,Not Recommended,332310,16370189,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,corv0,"A feeling that the game is not finished. Very few content in fact, all the worlds looks similars, and there is always the same few boring quests to progress. The gameplay, camera and controls are also horrible.Doing a LEGO creation brick by brick with that ergonomy, will drive you crazyThe worst LEGO game since a decade. Terrible Minecraft Clone.And if you don't have a monster of PC, will lag a lot."
76561198086078415,Recommended,332310,16179661,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,FlyingFish773,i like it i wish they would have taken the route lego creator did and allowed you to build vehicles
,Recommended,332310,17113159,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,ATHR Axel,"This Game, This game, Let's Make it shortFun but only for about 10 hoursHow to Fix This add intense  Mod SupportWho's With meDon't buy for nowUNTIL THEY ADD MODSMODMODSMODSMODSMODSMODSMODSMODSMODSMODSCOMMON WHO'S With meIt would be amazing to ride a dinosuar into a villiage of goblinsMODSMODSMODSMODSMODSMODSMODSMODSMODSQuests all that good stuff would 4 mods qould make me cry10/10 would make developers work tirelesly and fall from exshautions(TT I've been playing lego games since I Was 5 I know what i and most others want) (Workshop is easy plz do it)"
76561198064569967,Recommended,332310,16942868,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Einarr the Sullen,"Only one word - GREAT!I dont even know what to start with..Well the best lego game ever i think. Do whatever you want(even kill friendly lego vampires mhaahhahah!)Ride whatever you want (Farmer Goat-rider chasing a cowboy is just amazing.(cars,scateboards,pigs,horses,planes,helicopters). Build your own structures,buildings, just like minecraft.Well for now this is a good lego game. Cant wait to see multiplayer added. 10/10"
,Recommended,332310,16517260,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Hawk,"I have to start off by saying: Holy Damn.This game is absolutely insane for Early Access and now when I'm riding my dragon into the land of candy, I think to myself ""This is money well spent"". Insane. Keep up the good work Tt Games :D"
76561198126066163,Recommended,332310,16516580,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,butterman5010,At first I thought this was a cheap left over game from Lego but i got it. A day later I found out that it was a brand new game. I LOVE Lego free roam and and this game has a lot of it the missions YOU can come up with. Minecraft lovers recommended have to say building is hard as heck but with more updates to come this will be a awsome game to play.
,Recommended,332310,16761755,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Ainsley,"Amazing sandbox, Adeventure, and fighting games put in one! Already in early access and still amazing!"
76561198014375293,Recommended,332310,16125609,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Tin-Soldier-Forever,Great open world lego sandbox for the free build type all i can say is go build your own world . . . why are you still reading this GO BUILD YOUR WORLD ALREADY !!!
76561198118279065,Recommended,332310,31324108,Posted: 23 April,all,Woozerd,Is gud gam.Thas all.K bai.
76561198213572785,Recommended,332310,29693225,Posted: 4 February,all,tornadobeast07,love it just free roam but theres no story
76561198094259907,Recommended,332310,29732432,Posted: 5 February,all,Richter,it good and great
76561198345817416,Recommended,332310,29304451,Posted: 16 January,all,ehsorge,IT is a fun game
,Recommended,332310,29751961,Posted: 6 February,all,Frosthoof,"Build brick by brick! Awesome, early access, Awesomer, 1.0!"
76561198284265103,Recommended,332310,29804540,Posted: 9 February,all,SkillZzYT,"Good game defintly worth the price! Great for lego lovers as am I, They do need to update the climbing it gets annoying sometimes you want to climb you in the totally diffrent way, And when you don't need to climb you climb :O. Besides that great game Id give in 10 starts!"
,Recommended,332310,29698882,Posted: 4 February,all,ConanLagan,"This is the awesomesed game ive ever played on steam- Aint that much lag- Online multiplayer- Tones to exploreIf u have a very good computer,this game is magnificentmake sure to try out the following seedsBeautiful Seed - 4482 - 5124 - 7320lots of items - 7135 - 3790 - 9655im a kidbut still trust me u got to try it outpeace out )()()(CONAN)()()( :D"
76561198124736389,Recommended,332310,29712944,Posted: 5 February,all,E=mc²,Nice cute game
76561198030249675,Not Recommended,332310,33361561,Posted: 7 July,all,Mr.Bean,"I REALLY wanted to like this game. I really did. I tried to play with 2 friends. Everything started out ok. Some exploration. Some simple puzzles. Some customization. Then we made it to the next ""world"". My character was missing an arm, torso, and pants. From that point onward the bugs just kept coming. We tried for almost 2 hours to power through the issues until we just couldn't handle the restarts and file verifications. I didn't try the beta and would have really liked to see what this game could have been. Sadly I missed the boat and got a buggy lego version of Portal Knights. I will go back to portal knights before I ever think about touching this game again."
76561198280311617,Recommended,332310,31704877,Posted: 12 May,all,Snakepool,"I think you should make it so that in sandbox mode you have everything you get in adventure mode, like rare items and character pieces for costumization."
,Recommended,332310,31852813,Posted: 19 May,all,Skelly The Gentleman Skeleton,(Lego):Kill me (World):Later
,Recommended,332310,16179322,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,soooperspeed ®,07/03/17review edit since launch of 1.0WOW they have changed this game somewhat over the time of early accessand i honsetly love it ..there is so much too do and too have fun withthe controller is much better and the game feels way better optimised  altho i had too use dx 9 as the dx 11 is still laggy as it was in the past buildsas lego games go this feels great and handles lovely but is a welcome change too the games in generalit has lost its more adult feel with the early access and now attained a more kid friendly feelthis is ok in my instance as this dont change what lego games are all about and that is having funthey have removed discover by touching and now you have too do it with a gun this im not too keen on i much rather the bump into things too find and store themi will still reccomend this game and i do so knowing that lego gamers will enjoy this .. as i do9/10  .. would get a 10 if the dx 11 was perfect running .. this is only build 1 so theres time i will come back too this reviewbelow is the original review i posted*******************************************************************************************************original early access reviewdated     4/june/2015ok .. being the owner ov EVERY lego game that exists this game is ALREADY beyond what i expected its so fresh and clean at the moment as this is a early access gameso there is a lot missing and needed for this game and if the developers listen too the community this game could be the best game by far ..but at the moment its still being developed and i am in for the ride .. and i love it already ..so i reccomend you get this game and see it grow ..dlc will be a good idea for this game as there is none atmmulti player will be good too as there is none right nowsteam workshop would be good too as there is none now ..all of the above and this will be the best game i own
,Recommended,332310,32158386,Posted: 3 June,all,Memeperor,"Great game, and fun to play with friends. The menu's can sometimes get buggy or confusing, but i'm pretty sure that's just because i'm an idiot.Also I beat a wizard up with a fish.7/10 Gameplay9/10 Creativity6/10 Quests11/10 Fish fighting mechanics"
76561198130157873,Recommended,332310,29426777,Posted: 22 January,all,Frosty,BEST EVA!
76561198280902140,Recommended,332310,23729369,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Skywalker_Lukie,AWESOME GAME FOR KIDS!! it is like gta but for kids
,Recommended,332310,25013477,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,ZpaceMag,"It is very fun to play around with. And I normally don't like these type of games, but this is fun!It just.... the game is for everyone!"
,Recommended,332310,25048229,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,✧Sir Uniorn✧,"IT'S EPIC,but...This game is epic venturing in the wild and its the first lego game that i know in which you can do whaterver,almost.I know the concept is go venture find things but i spent idk 4 hours lookig for a egg (to give to the warlock) just takes too long to find things.overall good game. recomend"
,Recommended,332310,24977192,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,KingNibble,fun and simple although the camera control could be better
,Recommended,332310,25014394,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Thedog487,It's basically my childhood dream come true.
,Recommended,332310,25064391,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Stormchaser12,"This game is pretty amazing; it has a similar system to many other Lego games, like studs and customizable characters. There is a surprising diversity of characters, biomes, and props, and the build tool isn't hard to use, making it fun for anyone. You can also unlock props and other characters by doing quests or simply interacting with them, after which you can use studs you collected to buy them so you can place them down yourself.Its missing a few things, but thats to be expected from an early access game. Its pretty fun."
,Recommended,332310,16182738,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,hales0n@happy g403,BEST GAME EVER :) ONLINE PLS!!!!!!
,Recommended,332310,16188466,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Caljb03,"This is a fun, creative game with lots of potential. I wouldn't be surprised to see this on different consoles in the next few months. It includes all the fun of lego games and all the creativity of minecraft into one game. i would definatly recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,332310,33409548,Posted: 9 July,all,Crazy German Engineer,"Holy Crap, I've seen Indie games better than this. Lego has screwed up BIG time here.Pros:Some fun momentsLots of stuff to collect and build with.Cons:Horrible CameraWeird building experience that can be annoying as hellPretty small amount of questsCan get boring real fastCharacter glitches out when opening chestsHorrible combat mechanics combined w/ cameraAuto-Targetting arrows and swords.Sum: I cannot recommend this game at all, the camera screws everything up from combat to building. The worlds are interesting but the real fun comes from ruining towns and screwing up the NPCs. What I recommend to devs is PLEASE fix the camera and don't make arrows and swords auto-target whatever is closer."
,Recommended,332310,24202981,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Metalloid,what a great game love it  4.5/5
,Recommended,332310,33488898,Posted: 12 July,all,Dirty-Harry,I really liked the game so far. Played the game since early access.the only thing I hate is that my savegame is lost. 28Hours right down the toilet.Thank you for not syncing :(
76561198218204039,Recommended,332310,23782241,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,NMW,It's a great game and it has a bright future ahead of it.
,Recommended,332310,23915600,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Kendal,One of the best exploration and building games. Would buy!
76561198252451052,Recommended,332310,24214415,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,theworldturns_218,"not working well takes too long to load the world when im moving around ,would also like something to do levels like a 3d mario or shooting zombie lego men and a survival mode with a crazy downtown world and some mini games like raceing and flying ,i think it would really help the game out"
,Recommended,332310,25334331,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,suicidal.banana,"Great game, still clearly in development/an 'early access' title, so dont go in expecting a perfect polished experience, 99% of the bugs you encounter aint game breaking though, and you might encounter 2-3 in a 4-5h play session.The little disclaimer intro aside, its already great fun, and it gets better with each update, most of them adding more 'stuff' (see below) as they continue the general development/bugfixing.At the moment you can build with brushes, prefabs, or single blocks (a load of different shapes and sizes) to make whatever you fancy, besides that the game is about exploring, you will discover new stuff all over, like other characters, outfits, items, weapons, creatures, vehicles, prefabs & some extra fancy materials/paints in certain biomes.The game can be compared to something like Minecraft etc, but with exploring to unlock items instead of crafting, and building tools that remind of creativemode/worldedit, much smaller (& everybody's favorite) blocks, and much more diverse & fun biomes.All in all, this game is great fun as is, and has potential to be even more glorious as they expand further upon it by adding more multiplayer, block types, and perhaps even vehicle building. Its certainly worth the price, theres plenty sandbox/building early access titles that dont have half the content of this game and charge more already, why are you still reading this review, go buy it."
,Recommended,332310,18004786,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Mr. Meeseeks,"I LOVE Legos. So I use the rest of my Birthday money to buy this game. I see it is in early access, but i'm like ""screw it. ITS LEGO! What can go wrong?"" The game is amazing, but when the game gets launched, my game FPS goes from 330 down to 7 when im playing. I actually reached it so low that the game self-quit! If you have a LOT of space and memory, then play this. But there's to much detail that my computer laggs. Please fix! Other than that, it is absolutly perfect."
,Recommended,332310,17614642,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,👻Super🕸Daws🎃,Its Amazing And Way Better Than Minecraft And You Dont Have To Pay For The Stuff!
76561198135774096,Recommended,332310,16890949,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,apoundofapples,Because it's Legos.
76561198012106516,Recommended,332310,30379137,Posted: 7 March,all,gareth0013,"EDIT July 2017I should have edited this review slightly some time ago but essentially it boils down to what I stated previously (below) BUT the developers have now added a sandbox mode so you can just go ahead and do what you want if you wish too.*****I previously had a not recommended review here dated 7th March 2017.  I'm not ashamed in saying that actually I've changed my stance slightly.I think the problem a lot of negative reviewers have, myself included, is that compared to the Early Access version the game appeared to have lost a lot of it's freedom.  To an extent this is still valid as the game really should have a creative mode to give everyone options.However, despite the quests there is actually quite a lot of freedom within the game.  True you only have small worlds after the tutorial and this will only change the more gold blocks you retreive BUT you are free to do what you want on those worlds so it is your choice whether or not to quest to get more items and bigger worlds.  My own opinion is, I would have preferred the freedom of the Early Access version but nevertheless the game is still fun to play, and as has been suggested this can be solved with the addition of a creative mode.Quests for the most part are the standard lego fare however now include building and landscaping which does provide some important differences from the norm.  There are also the Troublemakers - little green lego men who appear at intervals and if you catch them you can gain rewards such as gold bricks, building bricks and so on.I find the discovery tool a bit annoying personally as you have to point it at everything to discover them whereas previously this was automatic but I'm sure there are those that prefer it this way as it forces you to look rather than blindly discover things.I've not had many issues with crashes or bugs, some have had many.  The worst one I have had was when my discoveries werent being saved, but this was resolved by exiting the game and reloading.  A patch dropped yesterday which I believe fixed many issues people were having with crashes.All in all its a fun game, which I and my son are now enjoying (we werent at first due to the massive difference between Early Access and the final product) though we would both enjoy it more with the addition of the aforementioned creative mode.I'd suggest to anyone to give this game a chance.  The developers are fixing current issues and looking into things they can keep adding to the game in the long term.  It's a decent game, and if worst comes to worst and you dont like it then it's Steam, you can get a refund."
76561198124642571,Recommended,332310,17208961,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Micro,"This Game Is Really Fun! If you Played With Legos As A Kid, This is a MUST-BUY!"
,Not Recommended,332310,30512282,Posted: 14 March,all,Kithe,"This review would be positive, except for one thing dragging it down: Glitches. There is a bug that prevents the host from using a controller in co-op, and with absolutely horrid KBM controls, this is practically gamebreaking. Using a controller in single player makes the game think you are trying to drop in a second local player. Secondly, alt-tabbing will change the game resolution back to the lowest setting every time, as well as lock your mouse into a small square of movement both in game and on your desktop. Oh, and each time I quit the game, my refresh rate is lowered back to 60. Add on to that things like your character randomly being stuck in one direction when using a certain tool, button prompts and lables randomly not working until you leave the world, and everything being locked behind boring repetitive quests, Lego Worlds is a bit of a mess.Currently the developers say they are aware of the controller bug, but it's been a problem since release and there is still no patch. This isn't something you let sit for days. Lego games have always been sort of buggy, but this just proves TT has an issue when it comes to anything beyond a single player movie clone.Also, a lot of the positive reviews of this game are from the alpha, before they locked being able to create your own world behind 100 gold bricks."
,Recommended,332310,32190358,Posted: 4 June,all,SUCKONMYFATCOCK,Even though I have low hours on it doesn't mean anything. As soon as I saw the trailer it just reminded me of LEGO Universe a game LEGO shutdown in 2012 and I had my most nostalgic hours on this game. Tears me up honestly
76561198116916566,Recommended,332310,18263149,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,egohead,"Fun game, nice updates."
,Recommended,332310,16237164,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Ze_Quackscoper csgotower.com,"Lego world is a open sandbox adventure and that is great!!!!!!, but first of all i was hoping for a New MMO, but thats never gonna happpen second the camera is so bad, but still its a really good game 8/10"
76561198111315455,Recommended,332310,30501287,Posted: 13 March,all,gkmars,Never ending fun.
76561198397276611,Recommended,332310,33462010,Posted: 11 July,all,mariahr,i love is game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198136686992,Recommended,332310,16530308,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Deino747,its a brilliant game and i would totally recommend it although it would be nice to see some multiplayer or atleast some hamachi servers beacause if you have 2 or more people roming around and finding stuff it could be even better
,Recommended,332310,16213543,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,=CID=Gribbiy,"Boom: Legos. What's not to love?For early access, it's very well done. The character customization is pretty cool, and the ability to obtain different vehicles, animals, items, and plants for future building is neat as well. Sure, the camera and building interface is a little confusing and rough, but with time I'm sure that will smooth out and I'd get more used to it.And your character can ride husky dogs. It's pretty mad."
76561198037580833,Not Recommended,332310,21852819,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,pupjada,"Don't like the build mode. Not very user friendly. Placement is hard. Camera movement is not good.Is fun to explore for a few mins, but then when you want to build in becomes a headache."
76561198067937530,Not Recommended,332310,17252301,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,General Adebowale Babangida,"dont know what I expected, was high when I bought this"
76561198103512141,Not Recommended,332310,23293762,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,w201028,"I really want to like this game, and reccomend it to others, but Im not sure that I can.Let me say that the game is beautiful, and although the draw distance is low it does have a sense of endless scale. However, as big as the world is, right now there is nothing to do in it.Exploring around and finding new characters and models is cool, but at the end of the day there is no purpose. Now, I would be ok with this if the model builder allowed more complex creations; i.e. cars, planes, etc. But as far as I can tell, the only vehicles are prefab and must be found and then purchased.I remember a Lego game from the windows 98 era which, while it was a very small world to play in, allowed you to create anything you could imagine with wheels or wings or whatever. Even trains if I remember correctly.As of right now the only things you can build is static models; houses, castles, whathaveyou.I guess what I am feeling is that its like minecraft without any quests. Dont get me wrong, I dont want this to be like minecraft; if I wanted to I would just go play it. It doesnt need to be Lego minecraft, but some sort of quest/purpose system would make it fun.Or allowing the manufacture of vehicles and ships. Lego pirates would be a good addition with all the water that seems to be generated in every world. Or aquanauts for underwater exploration. Those were some of the coolest models!I cant knock it too bad, I know its early access, and I buy alot of early access games gambling on whether they will pan out into something. At this point, I cant find too many reasons to play the game, but hopefully the next update will include building moving models, some sort of quest system, and maybe ships or underwater vehicles.For the price its worth a gamble, but keep in mind the current state will not offer much gameplay."
,Recommended,332310,23642326,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Cirom,"It's a LEGO game that's actually about LEGO.I was skeptical about the changes from the Early Access version at first (the massive ""open world"" nature of the game is very much reduced!), I feel like the changes overall improve the game. From the off-brand Stephen Fry narrator (which is actually still quite charming, all things considered), to the more quest-based unlock system, to the customisable world size... I actually do prefer things this way. Smaller worlds mean you're less likely to lose your creations, but if you want to explore somewhere else you just... go to another world, Starbound-style. You eventually unlock the ability to explore larger worlds, but it's a considerable way into the game's unlock system (""Golden Bricks"") requiring you to do various quests before you're even able to venture off the Small random worlds.Either way, the building is still there (and better too, save for having to hold down the mouse to build - no tapping anymore!), you can be super precise with building (Build Mode) or just take the ""hit it with a sledgehammer and patch up the holes"" approach (Landscape Mode). 'Tis fun!Still a few minor bugs to iron out though, although I did have the game softlock at one point."
,Recommended,332310,30928134,Posted: 3 April,all,GHOSTTANK YT,it is a cool game
76561198111664114,Not Recommended,332310,30187981,Posted: 25 February,all,Ammeo,"This could have been such an awesome game but turned a disappointment for me. I was frustrated in just 5 hrs playing it. Extremely faulty camera angles, Zoom option sucks, very small variety of lego bricks. If you are having a very good day and want to get frustated and annoyed from the bottom of your heart while playing a game then this game is for you.2/10 at Max."
,Not Recommended,332310,33849344,Posted: 27 July,all,Rave Raptor,"It's good, but only for a limited time.The first few hours it's great, it's a blast. However, after a few days of play I've unlocked everything and all I had left was to build.But that just becomes borring after a while. At least with games like Terraria there are challenges to it, but you're given everything so easily. Things are marked on the minimap and if they're below ground they're marked with beacons.Unless you've got friends to build with you're going to get pretty lonely and pretty bored after a while. I think there needs to be some more updates and the game has a ton of potential it hasn't realized yet but it's almost there."
,Recommended,332310,23818502,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,kaharr,It's  super funny and cool don't listen to the bad reviews because this is.....THEBESTLEGOGAMEEVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198024050847,Not Recommended,332310,33470926,Posted: 11 July,all,stroke,Well what to say? At first for a adult this had such hope to return you to the days of youth and care free days playing with blocks crashing machines of your own making and watching tv for the fall guy and the dukes of hazzard. Saling with pirates and the moon the limit of your imagation.Ahhhh Such hope..And now we have this current thing yet one more broaken compartmental pice of 3 year old do this cause i said and keep your toys picked up.In other words not what thay said in the start of early access and regulated to do this fetch this little missions for a 5 year old maby. So if you are geting this for a kid and the price is right then go for it. If you have any memory of playing with your legos forget it.
76561198219413407,Recommended,332310,30970656,Posted: 5 April,all,CaptainCrusherz,OM GOSH AMAZING!!!
76561197992545920,Recommended,332310,16623232,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,SoulCraft,"If it will have the features of Minecraft, it will be muth better because lego has:Small piecesGreat animationsGreat graphicsIts Lego..."
76561198182483959,Recommended,332310,16624283,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,DiamondDounut,"Hey TT Games and Warner Bros now you have dinosaurs but not other stuff like mammoths or sabertooths. The game is so much better from when I first got it. Also what ever happened to the Lego Agents DLC for PC, it was supposed to release on June 5th?"
,Recommended,332310,24780353,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,thepaydaykiller,it is amazing
,Recommended,332310,16186240,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Taev,Unlimited Legos? Yes Please!!!
,Recommended,332310,16394613,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,*no longer used*,"LEGO Worlds was an unexpected and ambitious release for LEGO and TT Games. An Open World, Procedurally Generated Game not only challenging Minecraft, but other such games. For an early access game, it contains hours of exploration, character findings, chest hunting, and more.  This game also supports building in LDD, and importing models into it. This game is ambitious and so far lives up to it. If you have the $15 and the time to deal with bugs and help improve this game. Pick it up, it's worth it!"
76561198077023301,Recommended,332310,31587272,Posted: 6 May,all,Mytch,"Certainly repetitive but overall not a terrible game if you can will your way through the repetitiveness. It is important to remember that this game is nowhere near completion. Whether or not you have fun is almost entirely based on whether you can handle doing a couple of the same quests over and over without getting bored. I, for one, didn't get that bored and managed to have quite a bit of fun with the other stuff you get or find later on, but I have seen many people buy this game just to refund it after an hour for this reason.It's worthwhile to mention that some people will downright HATE the camera angles and controls for this game, and it's safer to have both a keyboard AND controller at hand, in case you end up heavily disliking one of the two and can just rely on the other instead. Make sure to change camera settings as well. I prefer having it manually adjusted, rather than the poorly-implemented following mechanism it starts off with.Everything else about the game is pretty much classic Lego-ism with a touch of freedom. Fight stuff, build stuff, enjoy some cutscenes and narrator dialogue, etc. There isn't a story, though, so if you're not a big fan of doing things like that, chances are you WILL get bored.At the time of writing, there is a decent selection of things that may keep the kind of person who WILL like this game interested in playing:- Different biomes and worlds: The variety of things you can explore is one of the greatest motivators to play this game. There's tons of different character types, animals, buildings, etc. You can also find cities/towns. However, that also means that AFTER you've discovered all the types of worlds there are to discover (which isn't an incredibly lengthy list at all), it begins to get a fair amount more boring. I really wish that this game had procedurally generated worlds with different biomes as well, instead of having to travel to different worlds just to see maybe one or two major biomes featured there. It's like loading a world in Minecraft just to see the ENTIRE world is a ONLY a jungle biome, or ONLY a desert biome, and having to load another one if you want something else.- Customization: Dress up like a cowboy and shoot your friends. Lots of customization, and every time you find a different world, you will also find new characters tosteal organsborrow looks from. This will, of course, require you to complete a boring quest for them first, though.- Vehicles: New worlds, new vehicles. Fly a helicopter. Fly a plane. Fly a plane with guns and shoot your friends.- Weapons: New worlds, new weapons. Shoot your friends.Not much else to say. The soundtrack, or at least the floaty-space theme, is great."
,Recommended,332310,32181174,Posted: 4 June,all,Operative Skrub,11/10 would slap people with a fish again
76561198300817930,Not Recommended,332310,30384614,Posted: 7 March,all,tgod the glorious penguin,"You have to grind for gold bricks to unlock more of the ""infinte world"". you have to do tedious ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t side things to get gold bricks. please dont buy i have no  idea what drugs tt were taking at the time but this game now as of v1.0 has as much creativity  as a dried up dog turd. ealry access was wayyy better not biased being honest."
76561197972359246,Not Recommended,332310,30386183,Posted: 7 March,all,brycedealessio,"Whoa Huge change!My Graphics crawled to a halt when I first started it up. even when I dropped down to lowest graphics settings it was still unplayable. I have and older i7 2.8 Ghz and radeon 5870. certainly not the newest but plenty of horespower per the games tech specs. I then dropped back the direct X setting from 11 to 9 and it fixed the problem.I like that it starts you off in a directed tutorial and takes you through the various building tools. The tools seem  a little more polished. and their functionality is segregated which is nice. I never bothered with half the tools in the beta cuz i din't know what they did. I think the UI over all could still use to be a lot more dynamic and require less mouse clicking as well as a standard key to back out of any menus you are in.I like that you start off falling out of a spaceship and you start with a male or female space suit, my boys will love that part.Overall the starting experience is nice.However once past that there seems to be a lot of pointless quests to get gold bricks to level-up and gain access to other worlds. the more bricks you get the bigger the worlds you have access too. I loved the fact that you could explore almost endlessly in the beta. That is no longer the case here. The Huge open world was a two-edged sword because I found myself just exploring most of the time and not building.So I would agree that reducing the play area is generaly beneficial in the short term I think the way they went about it is just plain artificial. what I would rather see is a cohesive story that pulls you to greater worlds and just have them become progressivly bigger. having to grind away in a lego game is just bad! thats what lego dimensions is for. Now I have to explain to my kids what happened to all the cool vehicles we earned!The controls overall still could use a lot of help. Theres way to many key commands.in it's current state due to it's drastic change from beta with little warning about the changes I would not recomend this game right now as I think younger kids will just get frustrated with having to grind away to get access to other areas."
,Recommended,332310,16762445,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,tommy1175,I just got this game about an hour ago and i'm already in love with it!it is definately one of the best games lego have come up with. i would recommend it to the younger community but i bet adults would enkoy this aswell!
,Recommended,332310,30459289,Posted: 11 March,all,Bernand,"OH MANGot in my second world, in a lava biome, i see an orc warrior.My nostalgia kicks in as i scream ""OMG OMG I HAVE IT I HAVE IN MY OLD TOY COLLECTION"".This game is amazing btw."
76561198178972647,Recommended,332310,18434613,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Floao,awesome game once multyplayer comes thats going to be HYPE
76561198018646433,Not Recommended,332310,30536501,Posted: 15 March,all,Chefkush,"To be fair, I bought this game for my 7 yr old son and he enjoys it so it does it's job.  But I tried it a bit, and I find of all the building games I have played it has the most unintuitive controls I have ever experienced.  Like every 3rd brick I must remove and replace.  Switching tools is not done with easy quick keys but instead tedious menus.  For the awkward building I unfortunately have to give this a thumbs down, I have lego at home and it is easier to use and I was hoping an onlinne game version would give me the same fun.  It did not.  So my son gives it thumbs up, I give it a thumbs down."
76561198155618476,Recommended,332310,22506769,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,creepzombieman,"This game is literally my childhood dream! I remember I would break my car in LEGO Racers 2 just to free roam the area! I was also a huge fan of lego universe and playing that with my friends.When I hear the word early acsess, this game does not come to mind because of its very fast evolutions and its very srtict deadlines and promises. AND ITS SOO MUCH FUN! the only thing I would reconmend is more player options with world design, character design, player freedom. Also maybe even a create a level system like the LEGO Indiana Jones 2 had or 3rd party involvment from other LEGO and non LEGO themes such as bionicle or Star Wars.IF YOU LIKE WHATS IN THE GAME ALREADY BUY IT!!! IF NOT THEN WAIT!"
76561198168280393,Recommended,332310,33933951,Posted: 31 July,all,NervWolf,"The game is very fun with friends or partners, It's a bit laggy in some places so i would recomend you to have a biffy♥♥♥♥♥pc to run this game"
,Recommended,332310,26967905,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,God,"It's basically what No Man's Sky failed to accomplish, in a more interactive 3-D brick building adventure sandbox game."
,Recommended,332310,30440915,Posted: 10 March,all,@_@OctoBalloon@_@,Great game. Got some lighting issues though
76561197994105655,Not Recommended,332310,23630599,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,steakman1971,"I bought the game with a ""buy one get one copy"" - so the price was pretty reasonable.  I played the game for about an hour with my daughter.  First off, the graphics and interactivity of the world are great.  You can ride many vehicles, can craft structurees, and there are several diverse biomes.  No complaints there.While we were playing, both of us were trying to figure out why we were playing the game.  What is the point?  In Minecraft (which probably hase 300-400 hours of logged time between the two of us) - you crafter to surive.  You had to grow food.  You had to defend from monsters (at least in survival mode).  I didn't see this in LEGO Worlds.If you like sandbox games that are open ended, you might like it.  For me, I guess I need a goal/challenge to overcome.  I'll keep an eye on the game as its still Early Access.Suggestions to the developers:  survival mode, make multiplayer part of the base build please, add hostiles (although perhaps they are aiming at a different age group)."
,Recommended,332310,16127098,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Carsonist,"This is a great game.Example #1:I skydived onto a cloud. There was a horse on said cloud. I got on the horse and jumped off of the cloud with the horse.Example #2:Beat 10 skeletons with my bare fistsExample #3:YOU CAN RIDE FREAKIN' POLAR BEARS!Example #4:Cavemen run from you because they know you're epic.Example #5:Got on a goat, rode around, then jumped onto a horse from the goat, then jumped from the horse onto a camel. Then found a sphinx.Alright, seriously though. This game is fantastic. It looks like it has some great potential. I had fun running around exploring for about half an hour and could probably do it for hours (so long as I had my trusty polar bear). Even though this game is a lot of fun and is great, there are a few problems. Such as the lag. My computer definitely surpasses the minimum system requirements and probably is around if not past the recommended requirements. Yet, I still get a bit of lag. I don't know if the system requirements are flawed, or if the game needs better optimization, or what. Plus, I think this game would get a hundred times better if multiplayer was added eventually.I know this is early access, so hopefully those two things will be fixed/added. :)"
76561198138940462,Recommended,332310,25844868,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Nculver1,"I got to ride Horambe, BEST GAME EVER"
76561198121504576,Not Recommended,332310,33290127,Posted: 5 July,all,d1ff1555,"It *Was* a good game. It Used to have one large world now it has just a few small worlds, instead of adventuring and actually discovering things you need to do whatever the game says, and collect bricks by doing quests. They even made it more complicated now you have to pull out a machine and to ""discover"" stuff, before you just needed to ride it touch it or fight it."
,Recommended,332310,17722189,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,[PPNS]MRAMNESIA8,"To good to be true, probably the best game of the year, and it's only getting better"
,Not Recommended,332310,30410393,Posted: 9 March,all,P3rfect,who the ♥♥♥♥ released v1.000 like this.
76561198141429557,Not Recommended,332310,30402084,Posted: 8 March,all,MaBotlz,The trailer makes you perceive the game to be a fun very open world game and that is not the case. It is for one way to overpriced for a beta.Do not buy this game.
,Not Recommended,332310,30411524,Posted: 9 March,all,Dethrone_Tyranny,"I'll put it somewhat nicer then the majority of reviews i've seen, but here goes.Alpha players have played a totally different game, an open sandbox game, with the release of V1.000 It has become a questing game, Now don't get me wrong, the short time i played it was still fun. But it's not what i initially bought.The new system gives me the old Lego game feel, like Lego City, you start of as an astronaut and you progress trough a series of easy quests which require little to no effort, it isn't bad but it's dull.I've seen no signs of the originall game though, what i liked about this game was the openworld, where i could create destroy and form my landscape, Now i cannot.I do hope they add a ""creative"" mode to the game A.S.A.P, and keep the new system, it isn't bad. it's just not what i boughtI would advise you to not buy it if you are looking for what it was before the Alpha, but if you like the new system, or have a child that would enjoy this i do advice it."
76561198198194893,Not Recommended,332310,30411602,Posted: 9 March,all,Chaos Chicken,"game is unplayable now after update, was better before in early access."
,Not Recommended,332310,35358224,Posted: 30 September,all,#1 garlic bread,its SUPER boring and more like an experiment or showcase not an actual game.4/10
76561198092524102,Not Recommended,332310,30431028,Posted: 10 March,all,AndytheLlama,"I bought this game to get a cool sandbox with a lot of potential. I wanted to watch it grow. But suddenly in one of the very last updates before release the developers decided that the game they spent so long building (pun intended) wasnt good enough and changed it completely from an open world procedurally generated sandbox to a story driven (if you could even call it that) game with tiny level worlds in the beginning. The controls have always been a bit wonky in my opinion, and the complete overhaul of the game did nothing to help this. The camera is especially derpy and annoying to use. Overall it's not a bad game, but not what I paid for. Because of this I must give it a thumbs down. If you've come for a sandbox, spend your money on Garry's Mod or Minecraft, but if you came for the standard LEGO game experience then buy away and have fun building!"
76561198057670710,Not Recommended,332310,18091136,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,minuteman2000,This gmae looks really fun but really the controls suck and its hard to do anything
,Not Recommended,332310,30403565,Posted: 8 March,all,Cow Thighs,"Let's be honest. If this wasn't backed by WB, this team would have abandoned the game a LONG time ago.Here's a quick little timeline for those who missed the drama on this game's forums:The early access is made available, and updates on a normal basis. This happens for a good 5-6 months and then just stops all together. The community waits and waits with 0 response from this development team until another 5-6 months. They had this massive countdown that was over-hyped and everyone was freaking out about. Guess what happens when it gets here...""OUR GAME WILL BE RELEASING ON THIS DATE!"" -Wait, what? Really? We had a massive countdown for a month just to say the game was finished? An EA game that was closed off to the public half way into it's development cycle? So let's just say that the devs were really busy and didn't want to deal with bug fixes the community had problems with. Hence the cut off, let's just assume that's why...Release date comes and... Whoops. It's not ready. We're going to hold the game back for another full month and a half guys. That whole countdown was for nothing.When the game gets here much of the features were flat out broken, it had low FPS, and the game was crash and bug ridden. I crashed every 30min and I do NOT have a potato. My PC cost me $5,000. When I say features were broken I am talking about block placing and the cameras for mouse and gamepad.First couple of builds' camera: Bad.Update before EA cut off: Great Improvement.Release: Bad.How? How did you make the camera and block placing and snapping better before the release then go back to as bad as the first builds or worse?Bugs, FPS drops, and crashes scared most people off the initial release. The rest of the drama on the forums came when people found out their saves were erased entirely. No way to get them back or revert anything. People were displeased they had to discover bricks to build with instead of having all of them readily available like in the EA.Personally I am not one of the people who was annoyed or cried about this but damn... It's a lego game where you build what ever you want in an open world experience. Finding every brick is a real pain.Formerly I was known as Char Aznable on the forums and I had made a 100% save for people to recover what they had going before the release. Some of you may know me for sure.So onto why I can't recommend this game and started out the review so harshly.The dev team is just slow and bad at their job, simply put.-There's been a massive lack of communication between the community and the team despite having glaring issues that are ruining the game for new players.-They cut off communication 100% for 6 months and wonder why they had an explosive launch. The game got worse mechanics wise and they did not prepare for launch in the slightest. They even turned off the ""Recent Reviews"" statistic on the store page due to how bad it was.-Multiplayer. It was a mess before the release and it's a mess after the release. They haven't made a single change to make it sync between players any better. It's barely playable with one person let alone more than one person? Oh god.-They practically ABANDONED PC VERSION for the PS4 and Xbox One release. Ever since they announced they were working on releasing the game on the consoles, their already lackluster support was cut down to a 4th of what it was. PS4 also received day one DLC while PC and Xbox One had the EA and Beta... We still don't have it on PC, when was release again?It is extremely clear this isn't just a slip up or two. This has to be the most inexperienced team yet at Tt. Their work is slow, sloppy, and below par with today's standards. There's a bunch of quests in the game that don't start because of missing triggers that were never implemented in the game's code. I bet the only reason this team got the job with WB was because they tried to sell it in a board meeting as ""Lego Minecraft"" which the game is far from being.Despite all that, the game has issues beyond just it's dev team.If you aren't into spending countless hours collecting everything with OCD to get 100% completion like I do, this game is NOT for you in the slightest. You cannot pick this game up and just go into building right off the bat. You have to go through a long forced tutortial, collect 100 gold bricks by doing boring tasks (literally 90% of the game's completion is this),  and lastly, you have to collect each building brick one by one from an NPC that spawns once every 5 minutes or so.Once you have all 100 bricks you can create worlds with any biome and characters you want and have unlocked. You can have access to any size world you want. At the start of the game you are limited to tiny and random biome worlds.The game has a good concept but the big problem is the core gameplay is boring. There was a massive spree of returns for this game because gameplay was found to be boring after an hour. If you aren't a Lego super fan who wants to build things digitally there really is no point to buying this game. Collecting and unlocking stuff is horribly boring unless you have OCD for 100% completion like I stated earlier. There really is no story in this game, it's just a collection of side quests that you can chose to do or ignore with building what you want on the side. It lacks a fine-point goal to keep players invested and just falls flat either after getting 100% completion or trying to get 100% completion.Despite the dev team's efforts there are still:-Bugs.-Glitched Quests. (No Triggers to Start Them)-Massive FPS drops.-Occasional crashing.-Desynced and Laggy MultiplayerTo finish up my review, I will tell you WHY I made this long waste of time. It's the dev team again. I look on the forums and it's totally dead again. They haven't been this quiet since the EA cut off 6 months before release. These problems still haven't been fixed and the PC release has been pushed to the side as they focus on consoles. Instead of telling us time windows and explaining what's going on, we're all shut out again. They're going around locking and deleting threads that are bad mouthing the game because there's an endless supply these days. Nothing has been said about the DLC that PS4 has that the PC is supposed to get, users still have massive problems with the game's performance and stability, and all the while being silent, letting their community rot. Are we really going to wait another 6 months in silence for an update or DLC?Really Tt? This is one of your worst games yet. You added online multiplayer which is a miracle but its so laggy and desynced there's no possible way to enjoy it. My boyfriend and I have awesome connection to each other and it even desyncs and crashes on multiplayer all the time. I'm JUST playing with my boyfriend... I can't possibly imagine playing with more than one other person, let alone over the internet and across the world. What a mess.My rating: 4/10Only because I like Lego's and building with them. I also spent a bunch of time getting 100% completion so you could argue I got my money's worth. If I didn't like Lego's and I didn't have 100% completion OCD this game would have easily scored a 2/10 or 3/10. It's below average and doesn't have any subject matter or content worth experiencing outside of building with Lego's. There's no point to play this, long story short."
,Recommended,332310,32117870,Posted: 1 June,all,Celrek Rispwind,I bought this game back during it's Early Access days. I am a big LEGO fan and have had a lot of fun with this game.
76561198152535010,Recommended,332310,30388343,Posted: 8 March,all,Mouldy_Waffles,"If I could give this game a neutral review I would.I bought this game a long time ago when it was in early access. It was a good game, with no main objective just a massive open world to build in (which was the main draw for me and many other people). But with this new big unexpected update that I had no idea about, all of that has changed. Some for the better and some for worse. It has somewhat a story mode, which gives the game some objective and Steam achivements (which I think is good) and they added a much needed first-person view which is still in need of some fixes. The 'big map' overview where you travel from world to world I still find very confusing after a couple hours of playing. There is now online and not just local multiplayer (which I haven't tried). But the massive open world is sort of gone. It lets you travel from one world to another but I don't know if these save or not, you're just thrown in the deep end without being told anything, which has made me cautious whether to build something or not in fear of losing it. Plus there are new buildings (some from actual Lego sets - modulars) and small towns with townsfolk driving in cars which is quite cool.Overall there have been a lot of improvements but also a few negatives."
,Not Recommended,332310,30404435,Posted: 8 March,all,Tal'Set,Why the hell doesn't controller work during multiplayer?
76561198128636599,Not Recommended,332310,29544922,Posted: 28 January,all,MaggotbumJoness,"I got this in the hope it would be as good as the other Lego games... oh my god wasnt i wrong. its so boring! theres nothing to do as everything is build or ready to build for you. worst purchase ive made on steam.meanwhile, if you have no imagination this game is great for you. I got it for my brother so we could play online and he found it just as boring as i did. Might just uninstall it, never to be played again."
76561198197336065,Recommended,332310,34468861,Posted: 24 August,all,sneaky cloaker,ok but does not load some times and i see a black screen but its a goodgame buy it if you like lego and lego games
76561198012390569,Recommended,332310,18044835,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Willow Woods,This has the potential to replace Minecraft! Focus on multiplayer  and allowing mods and you're golden...
,Not Recommended,332310,30523303,Posted: 15 March,all,Xenogen,"I don't know HOW this got positive reviews when it's clearly still broken.I've attempted twice now to play some simple co-op play with my girlfriend and every time it's crashed or gone wrong and corrupted our save game.The first problem we had was that after saving and exiting the game, we later came back to load the said game save and her Xbox 360 pad stopped working. Not only this, but we couldn't proceed because one of the construction workers on the candyland map glitched out and we couldn't get the last gold brick.So we started again. This time, we managed to get a little bit further and saved again. We then came back to load the game (this time hosted on my machine instead of hers), and then my Xbox 360 pad stopped working.So we carried on anyway with the mouse and keyboard, to go up against a giant troll - things were getting really exciting, then BOOM. The game crashed.So we load the game again. The Xbox 360 pad's still not working and all our gold bricks and discoveries have disappeared.Co-op is unplayable."
,Not Recommended,332310,34052462,Posted: 5 August,all,Geomark123,Bland and needs a workshop
76561198166529613,Not Recommended,332310,23575840,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Rincoglionello,it's a poor game. Nothing to do nothing to play
,Not Recommended,332310,23603410,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Shifter Jj,"I have spent an hour on ""Lego Worlds"" and I'm already bored out of my mind. I picked up this game thinking it would resemble the brand licensed counterparts but I was horribly wrong. This game is what I call a huge pile of....garbage. It has great ideas which is very clear but it doesn't express itself as one would hope a lego game would. The charm is there but the energy isn't. As I was playing by myself I was just searching for anything to do. My experience with the newly added multiplayer mode was the same deal. I had a bit more fun playing with a friend but both of us came to a point where we just didn't want to come back to the game. This game needs a lot of more polish before I can even consider being positive about what it's trying to do. This game is a ""create your own world"" type game but it can't do that right either. The creation tools are atrocious and done so lazily that I found myself laughing in despair. This ""game"" is not worth $15 and I don't see how this game is fun in any shape or form. 4/10"
,Not Recommended,332310,23575313,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Kabuk,"LEGO Worlds is a game where you can your friends can jump into a randomized world and mess around with. A few friends and I bought this game in hopes of it being a fun mess-around game to have fun on. Sadly LEGO Worlds fell short of these expectations. Sadly the game offered 15 minutes of us figuring out the controls and how to interact with the world and the rest was just, well, boring. The camera effects are annoying offering a Roblox-like camera system where your mouse never locks on (This game is controller compatible but I have not tried it the camera might have a different feel there). The worst part of starting in this game is that literaly EVERYTHING you come withing 5 feet from unlocks, gives a tune and pops up on your screen. By everything I mean EVERYTHING the bushes, the people, the cars, and every brick. This drove me INSANE because of how many different biomes there were it was just unbearable to go around and hear the same tune 60 times for each place you walk through. I've played lego games in the past and they are ok when it comes to gameplay, creativity and all that, but this game looks and feels like the devs got every brick from their entire franchise and threw it into a random world generator and made a tune play for every blade of grass you ran past. I would not recommend this game if you wish to keep your sanity."
76561198124308950,Not Recommended,332310,30395194,Posted: 8 March,all,Whateverboyfan,"This game used to be fun, Used to."
76561198114577922,Not Recommended,332310,23591346,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Thrill3rKill3rz,"This game is horrible... there is no goal to the game other than building and exploration, the exploration is boring and building is a lot harder than they made it out to be. It was impossible to build anything and when i tried putting down premade structures they would glitch through the ground and make a huge mess. The best time i had with this game was when i got my money refunded."
76561198122799861,Not Recommended,332310,23589229,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Yeti,It gets boring after awhile and the camera sucks♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,332310,23591441,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Rage Kage,"Not fun, HUD makes no sense, UI is odd and broken at times, current state of game is in limbo. Not worth it."
,Not Recommended,332310,25934247,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,|H.C_R&D|®,"Game is decent in gameplay and graphics. BUT the keyboard keys and camera controle is absolutely a joke, No info of which keys does what under keyboard controls and camera is buggy by locking itself. There is a lot of bugs in the game still, which has a performance issue also, eksample: had two crashes while playing multiplayer with friends. The sound is good, but it needs more sliders AKA music slide option. But by far the game is very fun, but needs a lot of polish with the controls and sound sliders, and some bugs and performance AKA crashing issues. Will not call it a out of beta game yet from the dev side. I would reccomend it when it has been more polished in the future. So for now i would say no."
,Recommended,332310,16233050,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Cyanzx,"I love the game, but i can't get it too run on my main computer. My suspition is that my monitors resulution is ♥♥♥♥ing up the game. The game only flashes black when i try to run it. I have been able to play it on my potato (Lagtop) and loved it. Waaay to laggy for a laptop though. Would love it if someone knows a fix for this.My monitor resulution is: 1280x1024"
,Not Recommended,332310,30400588,Posted: 8 March,all,thedeadsparticus,Buggy and boring for adults. Seems to be too complicated for smaller children. That gives this game a very small window of audience.
76561198250981712,Recommended,332310,25841308,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,DracoII5,its awsome
76561198083785595,Recommended,332310,30404140,Posted: 8 March,all,auguser,"It seems most recent bad reviewers haven't been able to make it past the first few intro worlds. After those, its essentially the same creative world builder as before. As for the performance issues, I'm getting over 60 with max settings at 4K on a 980."
,Not Recommended,332310,29566230,Posted: 29 January,all,drivecrash,"This game is not minecraft with legos. It's not even on par with other Lego titles. I don't know who was in charge of the interface and controls for this title, but they need fired.The mechanics are terrible, controls are frustrating, you cannot custom build anything without a level of frustration found only at work, and the menus and keybinds are not customizable.Early Access excuses aside, these are problems that should have been addressed very early in the programming process. I cannot, and do not recommend this title to anyone."
76561198197366786,Recommended,332310,21509180,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Astro,I definately reccomend this game to ny lego/minecraft lovers.
76561198170105361,Not Recommended,332310,28352974,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Gearboxx,"It's really boring, there isn't really much to do besides run around and realize you could be playing a better game."
,Recommended,332310,29541090,Posted: 28 January,all,STAMPIFIGHTER,its a great game a loved playing it and it could be better but i think it might be one of the best legoi games :)
76561198137754777,Not Recommended,332310,23603074,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,RaketyTam,"Constraint fuels creativity.Sadly, there is way too little for gameplay. If you had to do ANYTHING to get blocks instead of having an infinite amount of them, I would actually play.There are not enough constraints.Its not a game.... yet...."
,Recommended,332310,30377477,Posted: 7 March,all,TreborYenool,"I've had this game for a few years now in the early access mode, until now it has been very buggy and has not semed to have much story or motive to the game. Although, Upon completion, it seems to be alot more in depth and is a really good game."
76561198153471900,Recommended,332310,31658135,Posted: 9 May,all,CosmicKat,"Great game, but... I really want to have a multiplayer mode! I want to play with my brother"
,Not Recommended,332310,23590756,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,symefaxis,"this game is trash. there is nothing to do in it, the multiplayer doesnt work at all, there are constant crashes, and the controls are wonky and only work half of the time. thought this game looked cool. was not worth it."
76561198024191098,Not Recommended,332310,23606234,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,jmartin,"Lego walking simulator. There's nothing to do. The ""worlds"" are small and uninteresting. The building controls are unusable. The program itself is very unstable and resource intensive, and I have a higher-end computer.Get minecraft instead. If you're hoping for a Lego-version of minecraft this isn't it."
76561198203106734,Not Recommended,332310,30404884,Posted: 9 March,all,Slimey213,"As an old early access player this is terrible disgusting and a big massive lie.I was expecting something new from other lego games a lego game without quests a game with creativity a perfect sand-box but I guess it isnt.Update 1.00 is the worst thing ever and should not have exsisted though we know how TT games likes its lego games to be, Quests terrible option for this game.The old game was better make a mode where you can play like the early access game or make a private beta for those who played early access so they can revert back to some previous versions or you know. Make the DLC that came with early access players to allow you to access a menu to revert to previous versions. Easy!Hope the developers can respond to this and explain why."
76561198135905158,Recommended,332310,21481153,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,panda_sniper434,Its Amazing! i would play it all day if I had A Better Computer. but i would rate 17/10 some glitches other than that ITS so much fun i recommend getting this game! :D
,Recommended,332310,17634038,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Harri,multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer multiplayer
,Not Recommended,332310,24231586,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Hedgehog,"Found it boring and there isnt mutch to do, if they just re-made lego universe that would be better"
76561197978312511,Not Recommended,332310,19418778,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Scooby Wrxtsy,"The build interface is just counter intuitive.  After multiple attempts to place pieces where she wants, my daughter gets frustrated and gives up.  She's logged more hours on Minecraft and playing real Legos than I care to admit.  This game should be right in her wheelhouse, but the execution just isn't there."
,Not Recommended,332310,29555069,Posted: 28 January,all,UsagiSensei,"bought this waaay back i dont remember when. heard it was being released out of early access next month, decided to take a look...... to my disappointment, the game still has no accessable option from the main menu, so i was greeted by lower than 1080p resolution with loud music that could not be changed until i stumbled into the game. so far, nothings changed over the last year, but maybe the actual game is different, maybe theres a game now.... nope. there is no game here. a failed attempt of a shallow bland world. in fact, i had even less fun in it now than i did a year ago.so if youre looking for a fun lego game, this is only 1/3 of that. this is almost a lego simulator, but even less than that. im 21 years old and would actually have more fun going into my parents attic and playing with my legos in there"
,Not Recommended,332310,18205076,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,OttoNL,"Update: 3 updates so far and they broke a save, the game crashes when I alt-tab and audio breaks sometimes. I've reported audio and stability problems but they haven't fixed it yet. So far not going great... But don't be too alarmed, they do seem competent. Rest of review (written end of September) still below:During the first 10 hours of playing I loved this game. And I still wouldn't refund it if possible. However I can't really recommend it. Here's why:The camera. You'll notice as soon as you start playing, it takes hours to get used to. If a tree gets in the way the camera moves, meaning that your vehicle starts steering. You can use an alternative camera mode, but that should just be fixed.Building is nearly impossible. Using vehicles works horribly and you can't undo, using the Tools works slightly better as long as the undo key doesn't bug out and you can see what you're doing despite the sun always being in the wrong position to see everything clearly. And 3rd person building just isn't optimal. Manual saving isn't a real option either, so if you mess something up start all over again.So if building is not a viable option, is exploration then at least fun? Well yes and now. It's great to find other biomes, characters and weapons, but if you put viewing distance on very far you can see for what's about 50 meters while driving at normal speed and if you're in a plane at top speed you can only see 1 meter in front of you even if you're in an area you've already seen. And you're not going to use your slowest mode of transportation.Performance wise... It's okay, but you do need a GTX750 or better to get decent graphics. This will surely change though.All in all fun to play around for 10 hours and I'm assuming the price will rise, so I'm happy I already have the game, but I can't honestly say it's good value for the money yet. I do have faith that it will become great though, but it just needs a lot of time."
76561198090572442,Not Recommended,332310,31288164,Posted: 21 April,all,TrastaBlast,"*Very long and audible sigh... Lego worlds, where to begin; well i suppose the begining. So here we go. Lego worlds suddenly appeared out of nowhere on early access, like literaly out of nowhere. I bought it the week it came out, i mean a lego game thats completly made out of lego thats fully about BUILDING LEGOS. Needless to say i was ecstatic. This was the lego game i had wanted for years and here it was on steam ready for me. So i bought, downloaded, and got to playing; it was PERFECT, well not completly perfect but it felt like the devs knew what we wanted, a lego game to relax, build, and have minor expaditions of exploring. Of course we wanted multiplayer but they said it was coming so i didnt worry to hard.I had built some stuff and was happy but wanted to wait for full release so i didn't spoil my experience early. Then, a few months later multiplayer came out, i didn't really touch because i had no friends that had this game but i was happy non the less that the devs were fulfilling promises. After that i put this game on the back burner, biding my time. After many mothes later i heard that there was a full release and decided it was time to come back. I started the game and buem, there was a cutscene... yep, thats right they added a story to the game. I thought thats alright im sure its not that bad it's still probably just free-roam building, right? NOPE, wrong (and i mean a Trump WROOONG). Not only is there an INFURIATING tutorial thats treats you like an infant child but also doesn't let you go ahead of it. This obviously♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off but then i thought, ehh its only the tutorial theres still the rest of the game. So i completed the tutorial fired my retro rockets chim chim and was off then. Get this, okay, the game only lets you go to small worlds at this time. They CONTINUE to hold my hand and tell me ""oh go collect these stupid gold bricks to get the $h17 you had in the beta. And to add insult to injury if you say screw this im gonna build anyway YOU DONT HAVE ALL THE BRICKS. Let that sink in. IN ORDER TO GET ALL THE HUNDREDS OF BRICK TYPES YOU NEED TO CHASE THESE STUPID LOOKING GREEN THINGS THAT ONLY COME OUT, when they WANT to and tackle them to get ONE brick at a time. So you can't build (or you can only build with simple blocks). So you continue on to follow the games path and collect stupid golden bricks, You might be asking ""how do i get the bricks then"", well, you find specific npc's and do fetch-questy and super un-fullfilling, boring, worse than ubisoft open world quests. AND THIS, IS THE MAIN PART OF THIS GAME. They ask you to do more than 100 to get everything. ONE HUNDRED. Inhave no more words to say for this game besides  don't buy it, it treats your time WORSE than the witness and multiple ubisoft open world games COMBINED."
76561198147804275,Not Recommended,332310,30408923,Posted: 9 March,all,Potato dude,"THis is not what i bought you ruined the game with the new update, it was way better as a freeroam sandbox game but now it's just like any other lego game pls make the game like it used to be before the update ruined it"
,Not Recommended,332310,23576075,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Not Necessarily Fish,There still is really no point to this game. I can't figure out what should motivate me to play.
,Not Recommended,332310,17013519,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,SnozDog,This game needs some help 1:camera is very messed when in a vehicle 2:lava is way to bright and drops frames 3: constant frame drops 4: building feature needs lots of work done hard to use. Still a good game just needs a little work and needs to be more optimized for slower computers. 6/10
76561198164383911,Recommended,332310,30228919,Posted: 27 February,all,50 Caliber,Great game!!!
,Recommended,332310,30382047,Posted: 7 March,all,Agent_Ocelot,"If you played with LEGOs as a kid, or even now, you will love this game! Find items for yourself or NPCs, drive vehicles, build houses from scratch, or use one of the pre-made brick builds! Fight off unfriendly NPCs such as skeletons and dragon wizards! Explore the world! I recommend this game for anyone who likes a little virtual adventures. This is Agent_Ocelot, over and out!"
,Recommended,332310,20407754,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,the sanseeeeeess guy | YT,I find a bug in your game that I fall thou the world
76561197968541227,Recommended,332310,17286635,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,BSTAR,ITS JUST LIKE REAL LEGO! except without the need to tidy up after and risk death by stepping on Lego! 10/10
76561198075055789,Recommended,332310,30380683,Posted: 7 March,all,Meadicus,I have really enjoyed this game throughout early access but the optimisation on full release at first made the game unplayable. I then tried changing the directx to 9 and all of my lag problems went away. The game runs fine for me now and I can safely say that I am very glad I stuck with this game all the way through early access. It's crafting with lego and quests which is not much but it does the job for me.
76561198344145569,Recommended,332310,26683559,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,MemeLordBold,In lego worlds heres my story i found a gingerbreadman i killed it and ate it. 2nd i found a eagle America confirmed?
76561198268237196,Recommended,332310,28985467,Posted: 3 January,all,SayianGodGaming,This game is so fun my only problem is that there is no match making
,Recommended,332310,16726231,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,NubbyChuggets,sick
,Recommended,332310,28475511,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,CapkillerFrost,Ive seen gameplay of LEGO worlds before and I founda fancy with it. If you like lego and open worlds this game is the game for you. You can do just about anything your imagination sets your mind to. Remember be safe and build on. 10/10 would ride a Huskey again.
76561197995242418,Recommended,332310,16178931,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Emperor Maximilien Zelevas,"Initial Thoughts and PlaythroughI have played a ton of previous LEGO Games including the classic LEGO Island one and two as well as games like LEGO Racers and LEGO Rock Raiders. The game that most closely resembles this was LEGO Creator.Initial Reaction:The environment was stunning, the graphics were excellent and the light was perfect.Movement and camera controls are a bit clonky at the moment. I am using a control for movement and exploration and a moues for building.The interaction system with objects is a good start, so I'm hoping them expand on that.AI is extremely basic right now. Basically anything evil attacks you and anything good waves at you. Not much else, but to be expected at this stage of the gameVihicles and animals are catagorized in a tab and can be purchased once found in the free world. The system of money seems out of place given that almost every interaction with something gives you a healthy amount. I assume a use for the currency will be added later in the game.There is a tab for prebuild sets and prebuild random objects. Expected to be expanded upon and HOPEFULLY include all current LEGO products Ie: LEGO City, LEGO LOTR, LEGO Star Wars.The Costume Building:Simply put.... terrible at the moment :( It is basically unusable with a controller at the moment and still very comersome with a mouse. Given that the game is still early in development it doesn't bother me much as I know they will expand on it and hopefully make it more user friendly.Exploration: A very minecraft like feel with terrain constantly building, good optimiation and low lag even on a sub-par computer. The only down side so far.... a lot of water.... like A LOT OF WATERRRRRRRR....... sometimes exploring can take a good 15 mins to swim or 3 mins sitting in a plane to get to a new spit of land in the endless blue brick ocean.Terrain changes: Similar to the costume building.... clunky and odd..... but hopefully will change over time. Also I have run into some major glitches where a Cole's digger gets stuck when either digging up or down and then does a Gary's mode like Ragdoll into the sky. I have to then redrop from the sky in order to fix it.I also find it extremely funny I can pave over the water with a paver. I know they mentioned water mechanics so I assume this wont be for long hahaI will be updating this with glitches and odd mechanics as I find them."
76561198225299212,Recommended,332310,17163833,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,crazydiamond425,Great
,Recommended,332310,16702285,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,iiSpaceCatLoaf,like COD with goats and better graphics10 goats / 10 goats
76561198202552699,Recommended,332310,28185480,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,The Gaming Lilac,"Pros:-It's the dream game LEGO builders always wanted-You can import your own creations from LEGO Digital Designer-Splitscreen Co-op and online Co-op-Lots of vehicles to use-NPCs do their own thing-Do what you want, who cares??Cons:-Not every Digital Designer brick is compatible yet-Lack of licensed properties like Batman, Star Wars, LEGO Island,etc"
76561198083169267,Recommended,332310,16832895,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,DetroitCold,i know this is suppoesd to be a review but i would start up the game and after a couple of minutes it would crash and say project 23 has stoped working i looked it up and other people are having the same proplem is there anybody who knows how to fix this
,Recommended,332310,16122759,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,ShazHat,Built a Lego dickbutt.10/10
76561198064079563,Recommended,332310,16179308,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,W0rldStr,It's Minecraft with Lego. You can blow up the ocean with a rocket launcher or pave it with a steam roller. Nuff said.
,Recommended,332310,21741353,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,sweet  meat,"So if you want to be a a grown man playing with legos this is the game for you!You can hide your fetish for animated little lego boys in booty shorts prancing aroundone shotting skeletons making you look like a weak♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ by simply press alt+F4!or if you really want to have no friends, learn how to make weaboo characters and putthem into lego worlds so you cna have your very own gokuto or luffgeta fight in a ugly♥♥♥♥♥arena you thought up with your terrible imagination!!!!Overall: 99 my line backer AWR rating is 5"
,Recommended,332310,16692573,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Evanswachtz,"A really fun game to explore, build and much more!I haven't played the game too much, but mostly play it when I am bored. Totally worth the money.If you like Lego and Minecraft, this is the game for you. Seeds and everything!It is a 6.4/10 game, so decent it is.- Evanswachtz"
76561198151846927,Recommended,332310,17469794,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Fan MARVEL-DC :3,I like this game very mutch! But i want co-op! If this game was co-op i played this very much time! Please! Do co-op
,Recommended,332310,17203649,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Lulinha,"Really amazing. You really can do all sort of things like build, discover and customize your character."
,Recommended,332310,17258595,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Siegfried [h+]³,once there are more bricks like wedges I'll have a better opinion I cant exactly build what I want to at the moment because the brick veriety is to small.
,Recommended,332310,17278136,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,saslv,Great game!
,Recommended,332310,17481100,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Taliuz,Very good sandbox game. Lego worlds gives the player alot to explore and gather from props to costumes to vehicles and more. You get a big world to explore and for an early access game this is sure worth the money. There are ofc a few bugs and the game could have ran better (get som fps drops now and then) but over all a good game. Looking forward to the Multiplayer.
76561198193434226,Recommended,332310,17523553,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,A Spooky Waffle,This game is really fun if you like legos but if you dont you still will like it. I haven't found many bugs but you might have ti mess with the settings a little because it might lag on the starting settings. But overall a great game!
76561198007100457,Recommended,332310,16179625,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Rekasa,This game is amazing. Please get it.
76561198022310157,Recommended,332310,16179688,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Sintinall,"For early acess, it's amazing! Took me 4 hours to feel accomplished as an explorer but now it's time to start making sets."
,Recommended,332310,16246004,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,free tay-k 47,"EVERYTHING IS AWESOME, EVERYTHING IS COOL WHEN YOU'RE PART OF THE TEAAAAAMMM"
76561198110579403,Recommended,332310,16152553,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Struttikus [Main],Simply amazing
,Recommended,332310,30575043,Posted: 17 March,all,Aaron Gaming,"This is a pretty good game!I had a bit of trouble with the menu, but other than that, Perfect!"
76561198191045987,Recommended,332310,30647716,Posted: 21 March,all,best beast kid,I love this game it is like living in a dream
76561198113068443,Recommended,332310,30662161,Posted: 21 March,all,brotherjonn,"Minecraft, with Legos...Should I saw more?  And a steal at $30.And brilliantly executed; this game is amazing,I was playing today with my friends son on my computer, because it has split screen Co OP!!!!!Suggestions,Allow two monitors for Co Op,DLC'sStar WarsBatmanJurrasic Park..And so onWonderful thank you for this awesome game.One Con,You need a descently beefy computer to run it well."
,Recommended,332310,30740062,Posted: 25 March,all,TelephoneTrickster,I cannot stress how good this game is. There's tons of stuff to build with and so many variations on each biome. It's incredible. You can basically create anything you can with regular LEGOs!
,Recommended,332310,18104893,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,The Jaredasaurus,Lots of fun and a lot of things to do.
,Recommended,332310,23756163,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,VTG1800,"Everything is awesome !!! :DCharacteristic of lego series, Very interesting to play for all ages. A dream that you can apply in this video gamesNo doubt for LEGO fans, you must try it !Positive:- Graphics quality- Graphics full colours- Sound background- Custom everything (Character, Building, Terrain, etc)- You can make many worlds- Funny animation- Great interaction A.I- Open world- Crafting (Like Minecraft)Negative:- There are some parts that can not be selected one by one, only available in the form of objects- Small scale that can not be built in game, but on the LEGO toys can be built- Control interfaceOverall this game for fun and skill.Score: 9/10"
,Recommended,332310,23827360,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,D2K,"This game needs to be multiplayer and it would be the best game ever!!! It's a lot of fun exploring, and finding new areas! I like how you can make something from an auto build and also create whatever you want with your own bricks! But over all amazing game!!!"
,Recommended,332310,17394704,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,A Very Angry Bismarck,What To Do When You Buy Lego Worlds.-Find Chests And Get Everything in The Game.-Build A Awesome Build Enless Your Bad At That.Get Really Bored Wait Till Multiplayer Comes Out. Total Play Time 6 Hours.When Multiplayer Comes Out More Like 600 Hours. I Do Recommend This Game If You Are Maybe In A Skype Call Or Talking To Someone Cause it Is kinda Boring Enless You Are Talking To Someone Or Even Better When You Are Playing It Side By Side. 7/10 Without Multiplayer 10/10 With Multiplayer I Recommend This Game For People With Friends.Sorry Loners Not A Game For You.
,Recommended,332310,30616678,Posted: 19 March,all,CorgoFiend,"I got this game during early access.I got to say this game changed alot from early access and I love it.The updates added more and more to this game, I have almost every item in the game and its perfect.This game is what a lego game supposed to be. Its perfect, its the perfect example of a lego sandbox game.This game is by far my favorite game of 2015 and 2016. More titles came out in these two years but this takes thecake for the best sandbox title of 2015 and 2016 for me. Its mostly building and driving and fighting for me.But everything has value, building, driving around, flying, exploring, and everything else. This was a masterpeice of a legogame so if another kind of sandbox lego game comes out, I would have high hopes! But right now lets leave this steam review with this. I prefer this over other sandbox games, rust, GMod, minecraft, etc."
,Recommended,332310,30689772,Posted: 23 March,all,VortiFyne,"Awesome!When I played the game when it was in it's early access mode, I didn't really like it... But now, after the update, I REALLY enjoy it! Like the style!"
,Recommended,332310,16124647,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,[Tea] SumFaggit,SEX!!
,Recommended,332310,30171768,Posted: 25 February,all,Agent8Bit,"It's the best lego game out there! Personally, it's my favorite game on steam!"
,Recommended,332310,31754401,Posted: 14 May,all,JimmyPau,"Whose idea is it that if you get stuck the best idea is to teleport you back to surface? and whose idea is it that if you are in the middle of the fight and you pick up something and you just have to switch to that item you just get? Because these idea are probably the worst idea ever and it♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off mutiple times, other then those this is a pretty fun game."
,Recommended,332310,16178448,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,|OM| TheBaahMaster,"Lego might have made the next, bigger, (possibly) better Minecraft. Here is why1. Minecraft has but very few choices to move around {Minecart, Boat, etc}Lego Worlds have a plethora of vehicle choices from camels to submarines!2. In Minecraft, You can't be as creative with only squares, Unless you work your butt off for the next month.In Lego Worlds, You can create circles, which is a lot less time consuming and opens up alot more possibilities.3. Minecraft`s mobs are well, a little emotionless and always bow down to you as you ride/slay them.In lego worlds, mobs look really cool and animals such as pigs and sheep run away from you if you try to ride them.4. Minecraft has more, basic mobs such as pigs, cow, sheep, etcLego Worlds has many cool mobs and in some cases, similar to minecraft such as Cows, Sheeps, Goats, Pigs, Dragons, Eagles, And Huskies.5. Minecraft costs more. It costs $26.99 in the US and like $19 in Europe {Excluding U.K} It costs 17.62 Pounds Sterling in the U.KLego Worlds in the U.S costs about $15 and in Europe {Excluding U.K} costs $13.32 In Pounds {U.K} It costs 9.79 Pounds SterlingRight now I world rate this game 8.5 because of the occasional lag and crashI hope you will enjoy and consider purchasing Lego worlds and have as much fun as I didGame on,1704soccerstar"
,Recommended,332310,16125333,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Gtagentleman,You can play as a Yeti mounting a Husky that fights dragons while avoiding lava.11/10 we need more games like this
,Recommended,332310,16161298,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Blackadder,This is what every lego game should be. :)
76561198114247446,Recommended,332310,16379596,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,MiseryPhD,my childhood lives.
,Not Recommended,332310,32300398,Posted: 9 June,all,A.G.¥10,"No button remaps in options. Decent GFX options but often graphical glitches. I can only get a glitchfree windowed borderless mode by using 3rd-party software. Looks like they should have held this one in Early Access longer. I will have to play more to see if it's worth the trouble, as I've not touched it since its official release, but it looks about the same. Thank you for reading my review and not whining in the comments! If you love the game good! I hope they update it so I can love it too!"
76561198125631493,Recommended,332310,32368511,Posted: 12 June,all,Surplus Carpet =^•^=,good game for everybody who like lego games
,Recommended,332310,16138268,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Alessio1989,Everything Is AWESOME!!!Cannot wait for future development (especially online mode!)
76561198166047351,Recommended,332310,16344517,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Legomastger14,lego world is the best lego game ever
,Recommended,332310,16430637,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Klondike Joel,Wandered around and found a Yeti. 10 minutes later I found a bazooka. 2 minutes later I found a goat.Ever seen a Yeti with a bazooka riding a goat? I have.10/10
,Recommended,332310,16413479,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Drakus,I loved lego universe. This game just makes up for its loss. good job creators :)
,Recommended,332310,16422940,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,SonicTheHedgeTrimmer,It's beautiful brick-by-brick building.I've been waiting for this since I played my first Lego game.They've finally done it :')
76561198339588486,Recommended,332310,30634660,Posted: 20 March,all,spookymemesterhowl,i think this is one of the best games better than minecraft sure it cost more but its worth it. before new update poeple said it was bad but now i think is fantastic :)
,Not Recommended,332310,30070529,Posted: 20 February,all,Chickenandrice0,I think it would be a little better if it gave you a tutorial so we know more of what were doing other than the controls it shows on the screen
76561198189829646,Recommended,332310,32072310,Posted: 30 May,all,UntoldTruth,"i got this game 3 years agowas okayNowits addictive, i cant stop playing it"
,Not Recommended,332310,30393453,Posted: 8 March,all,Subquake,"I got this game very early when it was in Early Access. It played alright, but the mouse and keyboard controls were pretty bad. Now when I revisited the ""Final"" version and now the game handles even worse than before. The user interface is very poorly designed and the navigation through it as well.I have the feeling that this was slapped together to meet some deadline they had set up for themselves and the end result is pretty terrible.And I don't even want to talk about gameplay, because there are already tons of negative reviews highlighting all the things they did bad.I am very disappointed and sad to say that, but Minecraft feels much better than this."
76561198033877625,Recommended,332310,30434534,Posted: 10 March,all,Quiltedfaun1,The game no man sky should have been
76561198163151903,Recommended,332310,24461778,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Crystlack,"Very fun game, very uniqe.Nice to sometime have a change from the typicial lego games.BUT for me and i think alot of people there is 1 MAJOR con wich is:The lack of multiplayer, I love this game and also my friends and we would LOVE to have multiplayer to play together."
,Recommended,332310,20153198,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,PONEI MENDIGADOR DE CARDS,Lego Words e um jogo assim :-sobreviva e construa-construa(dnv)-tudo q der na imaginaçaum da pra costruir =D-seja feliz com sa dlç
76561198150549304,Recommended,332310,30195573,Posted: 26 February,all,ExtremeMario,"This is an exploration game and a creative game, you can construct anything you want from various lego pieces - that's what i like the most."
,Recommended,332310,30205322,Posted: 26 February,all,alexjbrink,"reminds me alot of lego universe, really good game and reccomended to buy"
,Recommended,332310,24030343,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Knight of Thothood,"It's like Minecraft, if Minecraft were 10 times better... So far i've only clocked in 15 hours into the game, since yesterday. I would suggest this game at full price or even if it were 30 dollars! I got this game for $10.49 during Steams 2016 Summer Sale, and it was the best $10.49 I've spent in my whole entire life! I cannot say this enough, buy this goddamn game!So in Lego Worlds you get into the game and instantly there is something to please the eye, the world selecter. So the world selecter is some buttons in the bottom right and a large 3D map of the world. The 3D map will help you judge if this is the world you want or not. Once you get in you are thrusted into action! How you enter a world in Lego Worlds is you skydive! The interact button lets you deploy a parachute or you can just splat on the ground taking zero fall damage. That reminds me, the combat... The combat is just like every other Lego game there is X / Mouse 1 to do a simple attack and if you jump and then attack you do a ground pound. The interesting part is the weapons. There are all kinds of weapons from swords to laser guns to even grappling hooks! ""Grappling hooks you say? How can you use them like weapons... that doesn't make sense!"" Well, the grappling hooks are very interesting to use like a weapon. If you you shoot someone with it they take no damage but then you come out of no where do a sudden air attack... Killing that damned annoying skeleton. But that leads me to something that makes me a very happy little man! The shotting in this game is 3 times better than any other Lego game that I have played! (Haven't played Lego Star Wars: The Force Awakens) It is very hard to explain but it is just way smoother and better! A very cool new thing they added was quests like one quest was the Yeti's questwhere you have to find the Yeti an Ice Lolly. But first you may be thinking why would you want to get that Yeti an Ice Lolly, and that's when I counter with ""Though shalt unlock thine fine linen"" or in normal speech ""You'll unlock the character!"". So first you need to find that potentialley seet Ice Lolly! You will find it in a box somewhere in the snowy biome and when you break the box an Ice Looly pops out. (Obviously) So you give the Ice Lolly to the Yeti and he dances around in happiness and then you unlock that character. Once you have unlocked a character you can put that character into the world, you can be that character, or you can use that character in your custom character!The building... Oh the building! The building in my opinion is by far the best part and why you should buy the game. Not the exploring nor the fight, but the building! The developers are going to add a lot more blocks but for now you have more than you'll need. I believe the building works best with a controller but the painting works best with a mouse and keyboard. Have I mentioned how good the controls are?That marks the end of my review of Lego Worlds, have a nice day!"
76561198025527824,Recommended,332310,23696597,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Farmer of Enchantment,"This game has a massive potential, but with so many aspects of the game really just based on fun and creativity, as much as I can't wait to see the worlds that people create once this game is fully released, I also cant help but think that there could be SO much more to this game. I mean don't get me wrong, what is here is great!And so I can't help but feel that this should be a creative mode of a maybe larger game, as much as the lego building is near limitless, I would love to see this idea built on more of an MMO-RPG style game mode, allowing players to build up their character in a more rewarding fashion, build clans with other players, adding simple questlines and maybe the idea of character armor peices with a more varied weapons system allowing for more of a loot hunting feel, so people have more to search for than just different types of brick to use, who knows maybe it could be a mod!?I also can't help but feel there should be a lot more different biomes for this game, I don't know if that is the plan for the game but there's definitely a lot of lego themes I feel definitely deserve a place in lego worlds, what about a medeival biome with lords and knights, a prehistoric biome with dinosaurs, lego vikings! even just a lego city biome with proper towns to add a feel that there is life happening not just NPCs wandering randomlyI also agree with the community that vehcle building should definitely be considered by the developers because this would be an amazing addition that could literally send this game sky high.On the whole I think this game is great but like I said I can think of a lot that would improve it, I really hope to see it pollished off nicely though as I can defitely see it's potential to be a great game with a great community flowing with ever flowing creativity"
76561198298651010,Recommended,332310,30051024,Posted: 19 February,all,Mythical Polar,I cannot Get Achievements in this game for some reason. i have tried restarting it more then once.Developors plz helps me.
,Recommended,332310,17274122,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,PixelVisionary,"LEGO Worlds is a fantastic early access game, with tons and tons of potential. There are so many different biomes to discover, minifigs to collect and objects to obtain. You'll never get bored! Just when you think you've found everything you possibly can, there's always more around the corner. The crafting system is flawed, but not completely broken and I have managed to build a few decent structures. I realise that the game is far from finished and hopefully many more amazing updates are to come. As a life-long lover of LEGO I simply cannot praise this game enough, and would recommend it for anyone; young or old, LEGO lovers or brick beginners. You'll agree that in this game, EVERYTHING IS AWESOME!!!"
76561198142333524,Recommended,332310,30121736,Posted: 23 February,all,Minerchief18,love everything in it about it its just fun :)
,Recommended,332310,16124778,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,<FireMan/>,yeah i found a raft that i took to a volcano island where i fought a wizard then took his dragon and proceeded to burn down buildingsi rate 10/10
,Recommended,332310,31197507,Posted: 17 April,all,federico.bedoya,One of the best games I've ever played.
,Recommended,332310,30386578,Posted: 7 March,all,hockeyhacker97,"Despite some peoples hate of the game becoming, well, a game, as a pose to just an open world sandbox with nothing to do but find new parts and build in a sandbox. I honestly am finding the changes alright, you can still play the game for the most part like how it was before, they just added in some things to do and some rewards for doing it which gives you a goal to work towards.All in all I enjoyed the EA for a fair while but it went from fun to eh its ok after a handful of hours. So far I am enjoying this full release a little bit more and will probably play it for longer then I played the alpha/beta, with really only one change that I dislike from the EA builds, the fact that the large sets build almost instantly and don't feel like your building anything, I liked how they where done early EA better where it took a little while for things to build but it looked good while you where doing it.All in all, So far so good, I will update this when I have more time to play but I am already up an hour past when I should be asleep."
,Recommended,332310,16161512,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Pootinski,I blew up four worlds with my dragon...nuff said.
,Recommended,332310,16339650,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Starrocks923,"I very much have enjoyed it so far. I've found everything in-game, and I'm currently waiting for new content. I have an extensive library of screenshots that detail my various in-game adventures, which include tunnel networks below the main caverns, kingdoms in the sky, and more.I very much would buy this game again for its current price."
,Recommended,332310,16260338,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Lazy Laze,One of the best Lego game I've ever played.
76561198071682096,Recommended,332310,28470497,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,forklift driver,"I'll show you warrior, blow the ♥♥♥♥ing dragon awaaaayyyyy booooooyyyyy, you have to listen to the knowledge boys not stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,332310,31601672,Posted: 7 May,all,Henryblundell,im happy that i found a lego mars mission ship i loved this series
,Recommended,332310,30387114,Posted: 8 March,all,Phoenix The Lightbearer,"Quick review:10/10, I'd buy this on console to support the devs if I owned one.Buyer beware: If you are looking for a Minecraft clone, this isn't it. It's close, but that's not what this is, nor was it ever intended to be.This is a full blown LEGO adventure filled with all the little tools you wished you had as a child. Seriously, if you played LEGO as a kid, this game is all of your LEGO-related childhood dreams come true.Endless supply of bricks, your LEGO tools actually blow things up, dig holes, etc.Build anything you want. Whatever you build, you can save it and quick-build it(the game automatically rebuilds it for you!) if you start a second world... Or in case you and a friend are playing with explosives and someone blows your house to bits, you can smooth the land and quick-build your house back, lol.Customize characters straight down to putting a vampire cape on a space explorer... The possibilities are endless. However, please keep in mind that you must progress through the game, discover items on your own through quests, and unlock larger and larger worlds. There are, however, codes you can put in to unlock a lot of things immediately(please note I said a lot... It doesn't unlock everything...)Performance wise, I cannot give an input aside from it runs maximum settings flawlessly on my spare, low-end gaming rig. Athlon X4 860K, R7 250X, 8GB of RAM, 5,200RPM HDD. No hiccups, but your experience may vary, I don't know."
76561198118655331,Recommended,332310,30411038,Posted: 9 March,all,GMBHUN,Fun game and I love quests.
,Recommended,332310,30417149,Posted: 9 March,all,1mbd,"Great game, you have to play a few levels to get free mode but extremely fun. Can not believe how much better this game became."
,Recommended,332310,30528258,Posted: 15 March,all,Sayad,"The best lego game i played so far. I bought the game on the day it came out as EA, and I don't get all the hate it's getting. It improved A LOT. Before all you had to do is walk around and do nothing, gets boring REALLY fast, but now the game has a point. I'm having a ton of fun :)"
,Recommended,332310,16216776,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Beach Blonde,"This game is awesome. It's like the old lego games, but open world and the game looks beautiful, like it's easily one of the best looking games I have ever played, haha! You can adventure, or just build! What I like thought is that you're gonna need to do some adventure (and misadventure) to get access to new parts/models/characters to use, it's really fun and worth it in the long run, buy it, now, DO IT, ♥♥♥♥INGDOIT"
76561198106846436,Recommended,332310,30393469,Posted: 8 March,all,Evil Morty,"One of the best LEGO games i have ever played, and i have played them ALL, they added a quest system and tools, that just made it 1000x better, its like what No Mans Sky SHOULD have been, but in LEGO Form"
76561198152495841,Not Recommended,332310,33349936,Posted: 7 July,all,Daku paradin,decent but the building feature is just a pain to work with both when building large scale or when doing detail work and the camera angles are very annoying.
,Recommended,332310,31129318,Posted: 13 April,all,TwistedDude,"Awesome game ! So easy a toddler could do it, Searching for items in this game is a breeze ! All you have to do is run around to every yallow area and search or dig. I've found the mini figure build, sword and paintball gun in 1 hour. Wish the game wouldnt crash every once in awhile though*Edit 4/15/17 I would hate to give this game a bad review see'ing it just came out last month so i wont. I decided to make this a semi good review because im having to deal with irratating bugs and the game crashing over and over.If you want to buy this game do it ! But wait a few months to give them time to iron out all the issues."
76561198119468372,Recommended,332310,31160394,Posted: 15 April,all,rhscott79,"this game needs more hair for men, there is only girl hair"
76561198037865938,Recommended,332310,16122727,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Win Pose,Life. Made. Pun intended.
76561198221509896,Recommended,332310,24391508,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Supergene,please add multiplayer in the next update
76561198103813301,Recommended,332310,16231175,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Little_ Pappa,"i think this game is amazing 10/10 easy some things i would like to see is multiplayer ,fix the wonky camera,and add deleting worlds"
76561197980047771,Recommended,332310,16290432,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Glimpse,A lot of fun! Can't wait to see how it develops.
76561198108242084,Recommended,332310,16129939,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Jarid Gaming,this game is jarid gaming of youtube apprioved
76561198007875725,Recommended,332310,16129718,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Pendryn,Rode the Ostrich.Will ride again soon.
,Recommended,332310,16136637,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Wiiaboo & Knuckles,I terrorized skeletons and warlocks with some bananas and then rode a goat off into the sunset. 10/10 Would buy again.
,Recommended,332310,19552172,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,twoxcell,+so many ilands                                                                                                                                                                                                     - gets slow and weird after hours of exploring                                                                                                                                         +many people to unlock                                                                                                                                                                             - hard to unlock them                                                                                                                                                                                      + works well with remote                                                                                                                                                                                  - without remote it doesn't work that well                                                                                                                                                 but over all awesome game goood game for kids 5-12 but even for adults my grandpa even gets a kick out of it.
,Recommended,332310,16141287,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,[S.PLH] Fakuris,I am a yeti eating BBQ on top of a mushroom tower while a pig and a cow are watching.11/10
76561198146434472,Recommended,332310,16125383,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Icyndragon,"played for 10 minutes. In that time I rode a polar bear, mugged a cowboy, rode a goat, got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ed by skeletons, and pwned a wizard. Minecraft can go suck it."
76561198279684487,Recommended,332310,30673474,Posted: 22 March,all,EthanBCW,"I loved early access, and when all the comments came up about how bad the full game is I was really disappointed, and I was nervous before I played the 3 starter worlds, but once I started I thought the game was great! I like that there is a storyline(sort of) and I love the idea of the rocket ship! Totally recommend this game but I think there should be a way to disable the starter worlds! Ps. On the volcano worlds my frame rate drops to about 25fps but I think that is just my old computer. Other than that the game is amazing! Way less laggy than early access!"
76561198067846340,Recommended,332310,30459698,Posted: 11 March,all,v6steeda,"The good and the bad, the old and the new. Some like the old, and dub it ""good"", some like this new (public) non-early access LW (LEGO Worlds) update v1.00. But some hate this new version. Why do so much people hate it, you may be wondering? Well, here is the basics:In the old EA (early access) edition of LW, you created randomly genrated worlds that are huge. It was open-world, due to the fact that you can go anywhere on the map. AND it was a sandbox game; you could destroy, build or (in the cases of changing a brick's color) change. But now, in this new one, the worlds are smaller than they could be before - but not small enough that it can quickly get annoying, unless you like a endless world factor. If you reach the edge of the map, it is just like what old humans of the old world thought: you would fall off the face of the planet.REGUARDLESS, this is still a open-world game DUE to the fact that you can go anywhere in the world/map; THE WORLD IS OPENED TO YOU. Just do not expect a big map.Now, I have only played around (if am right) a little less than a quarter in the game. There is a new progression and discovering system. You first start out on three story worlds, and after you complete them, you can go and get your random gen. worlds. Also, now some things cannot just be unlocked - they can only be unlocked if you completed a quest from the character/creature (type), or after you completed a (special) quest involving them.This a review against the hate to let buyers REALLY KNOW what has changed from that that was in early access. Oh, and now the world-visiting is in a more in-universe style, with you traveling in a space ship entitled PUG-Z. And now there is a narritive and slightly a story that partially explains in-depth player-fan's questions (such as the same of the world). And there are cut scenes."
76561198009367628,Recommended,332310,30465392,Posted: 12 March,all,Emirosa,"I bought this game the day it went available nearly a year ago now as beta. I think it was absolute bullocks back then. I tried it from time to time (you know those games you just want to give chance after chance?) but I never stayed on it longer then an hour.Even a week before official release it was all slow, menu was really bad, ingame explore was to easy, just everything you wanted at your feet, when you walked next to a block you practicly explored it!Now since it has released they made some very good updates, good menu, you need to use explore weapons to get all the blocks you want etc,...If you like lego, I can only give you positive advise of trying this out :)"
76561198183893698,Recommended,332310,30542023,Posted: 16 March,all,8-bitbunny,i like this game alot but 1 thing is i can't play it whenever i click play it closes immeditley can someone help?
,Recommended,332310,30648398,Posted: 21 March,all,Pearlgirl,Lego®  Worlds is a cool game and a fun one indeed i recommend this game if you love Lego's ;)
,Recommended,332310,30563277,Posted: 16 March,all,◄MAXIMUM PMA►,"Was iffy  during Alpha,  but now  this game is so good.  The narrator sounds exactly like Little Big Planet's.  I haven't seen any bugs so far ;)"
76561197990426663,Not Recommended,332310,29148193,Posted: 9 January,all,Rill (絵),"I can't believe this is supposed to come out fully in just a month or so..I've only played for like 3 hours and have had a horrible experience because of all the bugs.Characters I've unlocked don't even show up in my character costume menu, only certain parts do, like their heads in the head menu, and then when I try them on they're literally invisible. It just gives my character NO head at all when I try to use the yeti's head, and the yeti won't even show up in my ""full costume"" menu. My broomstick vehicle also broke when I first unlocked it, and now every time I summon it, it's making a super obnoxious noise on loop the whole time I'm riding it.Don't even THINK about trying multiplayer, because then your game will be loaded with 400% more bugs. My game was constantly night time and way too dark. My character looked exactly the same as my friend, even though he was in a different costume. Whenever I hit anything it would just disappear instantly, and not drop any money or weapons. Animals and people would literally teleport and disappear all the time. We couldn't interact with any people to unlock them, and unlocking vehicles or objects only worked about 50% of the time. Also, my controls would constantly change WHILE I was playing, making it impossible to pilot any flying vehicles without constantly ascending, and jumping out when I tried to descend. It seemed as though the controls were doubly bound between CTRL and Q to do the same thing, somehow, even though it wasn't like that in single player. When I'd go into key bindings to try and fix it, the game literally only shows the keys, and not what they do/are bound to, so there's no way to know if you're even fixing anything by rebinding stuff, in reality it would probably only make it worse tampering with them. Then to top it all of, the game would just crash every once in a while, and close unexpectedly.I've verified integrity of game cache in Steam twice now, and it makes no difference. Restarting Steam, or the game itself also makes no difference. Heavily disappointed in this purchase. Even if all the terrible bugs WEREN'T there, it's really just a mediocre feeling game. It's much more of a build sim than a game, IMO, because there's literally no challenge at all whatsoever. The enemies are super easy and don't even attack you unless you're almost touching them. The only game-like aspect is exploring and unlocking new objects, mounts, and Lego characters, and that goes WAY too fast. In my few hours of playtime I've already got a TON of that stuff, and now it's hard to find anymore new stuff when I play. The game shouldn't feel exhausted in three hours.And before you say ""This is an early access game, what do you expect?"" well that's not a reasonable excuse in my opinion. I've played plenty of early access games that actually seem finished, and they don't claim to be a month away from a full release. How long has this been in early access? (Very very many months) And with one more month to go, will they REALLY get ALL those bugs fixed in time? I'm banking on this game still being a severely broken heap of trash at launch. Severely disappointed I've played more than two hours, because now I can't return it and get my money back. (And playing the game in an actually finished state is probably years away, if it ever even happens.)"
76561198036798222,Recommended,332310,18132048,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Dirk Nasty,"Definatly unfinished but shows promise for a game of greatness, buy it, treat it as a demo of the game to come and then come back in 6-12 months it can only get better."
76561198190829419,Recommended,332310,26280699,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Skyrim Bobblehead,this game is the best lego game! i love it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
,Recommended,332310,16120002,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Behkon,"Just like real Lego, but with CTRL-Z, a clone tool and a paint tool. Also haven't stood on any painful 2x2 block yet whengetting a drink."
76561197970655201,Not Recommended,332310,16388208,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Artie-Choke,"There's a lot of potential in Lego Worlds, but there's also a lot wrong with it that doesn't seem to be getting the attention of the developers.Pros:It's an openworld Logo building game!TONs of collectables.Build anything you want.Great hopes of NPCs and such down the road.Cons:This game makes me sick, literally.  Camera motion and positioning is horried.  It moves all over the place constantly and you get sick trying to keep up with it.  About 10 mins is all I can stand before I get a nastly sick head/eye ache.  Changing motion blur and other settings has no effect - it's the wonky, camera goofiness.I get the impression that the devs are overly concerned with making this gamecuteand the constant camera movement has got to go.  And enough with the 'vista' shots every time you stumble across a new view.  Stop taking control of the camera for these vista shots.Forced full screen mode.  This is not 1995 folks, give us windowed mode.  The forced full screen mode makes it very difficult to get out of the game for a sec and do something else.  Inexcusable in this day and age and the developers do not seem to be too concerned about it.Exiting the game, you find that your whole computer display has been messed with.  Every window is now shrunk to the smaller resolution the game was running at and often, your color pallet has changed from 'aero' to basic.  Again, it's inexcusable that a modern game trashes up your desktop this way.With these major issues seemingly not being addressed (other than just being added to the list), I won't recommend the game yet.  When the devs take these two issues seriously,thenthe game will be worth investing in.  Until then, it just comes off like a bad console port."
76561198182961189,Not Recommended,332310,17344260,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,HaruSushi,Way to laggy and I have 8 gb of ram fast laptop
76561198096943345,Recommended,332310,17786979,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,[RDT]Blacklight07,is the online released? im waitin for ittt :D
76561197995563416,Not Recommended,332310,18103210,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Billy,"I bought this on a whim when it was on sale. I LOVE minecraft and from other reviews it looked like this was minecraft 2.0, so I was sold!However, I was met by a game with the worst controls I have ever encountered. Both controlling your character and navigating the menues was absolute crap and VERY console-esque, even the WORST console-to-PC-port I have played had better controls then this... And this is supposed to be a PC game?Moreover, the graphics was horribly badly optimized. Sure, my PC is a few years old and the game IS still in early access, but a graphically lightweight game such as this has no reason to stutter on low graphics when I can play most other new releases on at least medium...The gameplay, at least the first 20 minutes that I got to play, consisted of running around on an island trying to punch things into coins, constantly interrupted by mini-cutscenes as you discovered things such as ""a log"", or ""a white flower""... VERY boring... I stopped playing as I jumped into a buggy I found lying around, but it was apparently broken as it wouldn't move, and when i left the buggy I got stuck on it's roof, unable to move.Early access games does not have to be complete, or bug free or even very well optimized. But it should at least be functional. This will be the first game I have requested a refund for."
76561198012336820,Not Recommended,332310,18265099,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Mortii,I cant not recommend this♥♥♥♥♥♥game to any players.For the first seens it sens uncomplete.Second you cannot build an Description from an Lego model what ever you has an child very disapointing.They have not all bricks when your are in build mode.So players beware dont buy this.
,Recommended,332310,16125390,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Volty,I beat the crap out of grizzly bears with my fistsI found a caveman stuck in a treeI threw fish at flowers11/10 -IGN
76561198096323713,Recommended,332310,16509213,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,FireCatz,If you are in for a game of advcenture and unlocking things then this is just the game for you.if you are looking in the reviews to see if the game is good just get it !!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,332310,16125348,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Skeelo,"In my first hour, it was pretty fun, but got boring 7.5/10"
,Recommended,332310,16514952,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,AHappyChickenNugget,420/10 would get launched into space after driving a digger off of a cloud into the ocean
76561198054779727,Recommended,332310,16164376,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,BassMaxAttack,This game is really fun! I have nothing bad to say about the game except for when you press shift-Tab to go to the Steam community and then press shift-tab again to go back and you try to rotate the camera by holding down the right button on the mouse you can't rotate the camera anymore. Just if your a Lego Fan or any kind of Sandbox lover.... Get this game.
,Recommended,332310,16164453,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Badmrtickls,"It's fun and everything in the game is Lego, Even the clouds are Lego bricks and can be blown up."
,Recommended,332310,16512551,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Oxalate,It's gun be gud. Fun to mess around in right now but has a lot of potential.
76561198276979442,Recommended,332310,32077036,Posted: 30 May,all,thingamagige,neon joe pug hunter
76561198068102523,Recommended,332310,21718667,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,WARDEN THE CRUSADER,I really hope you guys add  Multiplayer mode. Not just 4 players I mean a huge place of players. Outher wise I Really recommend it for those with a creative mind or who ever wants to screw around on it and exsplore.
76561198200950203,Recommended,332310,16331582,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Sapphire,"As of now, i have been able to play barely 2 hours, and i can already say that this game is amazing. it has so much potential  to offer in terms of everything! but Unfortunately, like i said, i haven't been able to play much. and this is due to the fact that the game constantly. crashes. every. single. minute. which makes it really undesirable to play. and that problem just started to occur to me today. yesterday (when i got the game) was completely fine for me, altough a bit laggy. (but that was due to my computer having a poor graphics card, so now, having a new good one, the game works amazengly smooth, excluding the sudden crashes). does anyone else experienced this too?All in all, you can't go wrong with lego. i love all their video games, and they are one of the few things that anyone, in any age, can have fun with, and enjoy.Looking forward to future updates. can't wait!p.s - this is my first ever review on steam! :)"
,Recommended,332310,31173482,Posted: 16 April,all,Tony,我就想知道这键盘怎么不能用。。。刚买下来心态炸了啊鼠标根本没法玩恶心死了I just wanna know why my keyborad doesn't work... that sucksHow do you guys play with it? Only a stupid mouse?
76561198290202922,Recommended,332310,25116056,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,kkggiles,ADD MORE stuff
,Recommended,332310,16195886,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,isocuda,"Found a Dog (Husky) in the polar region, rode him into the Wild West where I fought a gunslinger.Accidently hit my dog and he ran off, a few moments later after I had given up chasing him a horse ran by being pursued by the very same dog. I decided to chase after, only to cross over a hill side a minute later to find Indiana Jones riding said dog over a tree in the rainforest......Hung out on said tree like a monkey and was joined by a fellow skeleton guy, did I forget to mention I was a Skeleton Guy?0.6 hours on record, 10/10"
76561197978423729,Recommended,332310,16121341,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Floyd ^A^,If you're even thinking about getting this then get it.I've only loaded it up and tried a few things butit's incredible so far.  Hit the buy button.
,Not Recommended,332310,16746270,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,PresidentCake,"At the moment this game is very slow, and laggy. I don't get that high of fps when I play even on the lowest settings, and my computer is not that bad. I hope that this will be improved in the future."
,Recommended,332310,16206521,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Griffior,LOTS of FUN and LOTS of POTENTIALhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BixPsmmsJHYA little taste of what you get at this stage.
,Not Recommended,332310,20205156,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,BIG NOSE JONES,it controls bad fps bad but other than that good game but it is lacking in certain things like a objective all you seem to do is run around  get better loot for no apparent reason destroy everything when you find a rocket launcher and thats about it i got kinda bored after a while but other than that really fun game
76561198328026065,Recommended,332310,33526979,Posted: 13 July,all,0dagiri_mio,realy good game
76561198037958400,Recommended,332310,16119676,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Geo,Within minutes I am a Yeti riding a pig among overgrown jellies and cakes. This looks very promising and I encourage all to get along the journey ASAP!
,Recommended,332310,16120778,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Galbjorn,Been playing this for the past couple hours with 'Everything is Awesome' playing in the background on loop...... Please send help...10/10
76561198047922367,Recommended,332310,23544265,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Neoferatu,"I love LEGO~! This game is fun to play around with, but the building can be troublesome. Still looking for the remove tool... I have been hoping that this game would be more complete.The underwater area is beautiful, but the water is full of holesFree camera and charactermovement, even when the map is openFor the time, this is mostly software to build with digital Lego bricks."
,Not Recommended,332310,31304736,Posted: 22 April,all,terrariawizard,"l was looking forward to this game. I paid $15 for it. It doesn't seem like much,  with all those $60 cash grabber games out there, but with those, at least they give you an actual game.To be fair no lego game is perfect.(Except for Lego Star Wars) Lego Dimensions, I'm looking at you. You'll have more play time with a physical mini-figure, so why don't you spend your $15 on an actual lego set. Oh, did you hear they're releasing it for console. Have fun paying 60 bucks to go through h*ll with half the useful buttons and all of the ones that are ""supposed to"" move the camera. Here's a fun, easy to read list of problems>With my computer (medium beefiness) it takes forever to launch>Once it boots up, It lags for a minute> I'm not exaggerating when I say it takes an hour to load> You see a world of ugly lego textures loaded onto freakish terrain. Congratulations, You have just experienced the most exciting part of the gameAs for gameplay, You go around collecting things That you use to ""build"" with. By that, I mean place wherever the h*ll the game decides your mouse that has remained stationary, moved. The camera controls are awful. Enemies are a piece of cake, unless if you're building something, in which case they will destroy you as your character remains motionless. Camera controls are a hassle. Imagine directing a deaf person experiencing a seizure to point a camera at your avatar. By the way, you are on a centrifuge, on a boat, in the middle of an encounter with a Kraken.Just Please, Don't buy It!Edit: Oh, Now it's 30 dollars. Isn't that lovely?"
,Recommended,332310,16236191,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,NightAndDayzed,"Only played the game for 4 hours so far, already addicted to it. Hello childhood."
76561198167341689,Not Recommended,332310,23772527,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Toucan't,It isn't as fun as it seemsThere is no objective you just walk around looking for more stuff
,Recommended,332310,30312110,Posted: 4 March,all,Japploon.gg,"This game has so much potential, I was so upset when V1 came out as it was not what me or anyone else was expecting. Early access had lots of brilliant features such as creative mode and alot more features unlocked, whereas V1 has lots of these removed. The main point I am disapointed about is the Gold Bricks you have to collect to do anything. :( Please TT Look into this."
76561198296289402,Recommended,332310,23505158,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Badboi,"Great game for lego fans. Here we go!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This game is awesome, dude. You can build and wander an do whatever your imagination tells you. It has splitscreen co-op  and just now online multiplayer.  Here are pros and cons.pros: This lego game has better graphics than any other lego game. Is really fun. Never gets old. Has lots of cool objects like a compound bow. Anything you punch gets you stud money. There is lots of customization. You can customizxe your characters. There is a huge selection of stuff.cons: it has quite a bit of glitches. It needs more flying vehicles. Other than that, its fine. It will probably cost more out of early accessthey added first person and grappling gun. its so coooooooooooooooooooooool."
,Recommended,332310,16801126,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,DinoDoesStuff,Yes.
,Recommended,332310,30670331,Posted: 22 March,all,Murdok  MaxiFax,This game is better than masturebating to dead bodies. 11/9 IGN Rating.
,Recommended,332310,16957320,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Props,"its lego, what else do you ♥♥♥♥ing want"
,Not Recommended,332310,30411961,Posted: 9 March,all,Nez,"This is not the Lego Worlds I used to play, completely different game, runs horribly. Not even classifiable as a sandbox nor open world."
76561198058684059,Recommended,332310,19973237,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Snolid Snake,"The game is great and has a lot of potential. Like a minecraft lego hybrid. Splitscreen screen is being implemented and can be played using the beta version and with instructions from the recent dev update. Controller support needs to be better, along with the camera controls, and a option to play in first person."
76561198206238380,Recommended,332310,31329925,Posted: 23 April,all,antARBY5000,best lego game out there!
76561198077481902,Recommended,332310,17481695,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Mr.TrollSpy,lego+minecraft=Lego Worlds
,Recommended,332310,20734159,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Renderman,I like this game it is awesome!!!! I spent some time playing thisI liked how you can adventure and complete questsI recommend this game alot!
,Recommended,332310,33638265,Posted: 18 July,all,Tax Credit,This game truly captures the horror of the Vietnam War.
,Recommended,332310,16179503,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,PuppyDonk,Get it. Getit. Getitgetitgetitgetitgetitgetitgetitgetitgetit!
,Not Recommended,332310,18742100,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,DirtyPain caserandom.com,Why did you look the bad evaluation? buy this game NOW!
,Not Recommended,332310,18160745,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,flareonflare,"doesnt live up to the promise it presents, exploration? nope, survival? nopeits just a good lego bock building simulator but that has existed since forever, the trailers promise minecraft with legoit isnt, all you can do i build in it, its alpha minecraft creative mode with lego blocks"
,Recommended,332310,17116660,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,skillzilla,"I really hope they aggressively update this game, and i think it would be amazing if, in the long run, Lego were to incorporate *every* Lego brick/set/collection into this game; Kinda like a Lego library of sorts.  Very pleased with this purchase. I Just hope updates are packed with content and very aggressive.Nostalgic Lego Fun, without the Nostalgic pain from stepping on a Lego.10/10. cuz Lego. cuz potential."
76561198040658983,Recommended,332310,16119236,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Dantes,Just started playing. Game Of The Year so far!
,Recommended,332310,16123117,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Swamplord,Pretty gud gaem. buy.also be sure to use ostrich as mount. is best.
76561198066668267,Recommended,332310,25065160,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Cannee,Beta notes: FIX IT
,Recommended,332310,25911505,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Detritus,"LEGO® Worlds is lego. And it is big. The in-game worlds are made entirely of destructible, constructable and customizable lego brick structures.Each update brings in something new and exciting, and the devs don't appear to be getting tired of it anytime soon!"
76561197995564839,Not Recommended,332310,28260619,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Disonyxiated,"Bought it, downloaded it, played it for an hour, got bored. Deleted it.Waited 6 months, downloaded it again, played it for about 6 minutes.Same old boring game."
76561198151885373,Not Recommended,332310,23603259,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Potatoking117,"i liked this game when it was first released, but as it got more and more updated it felt more and more like a giant fetch quest.(also sorry if my grammer was wrong in some parts)"
76561198198708461,Recommended,332310,30602172,Posted: 18 March,all,Plumbo Prime,I LOVE THIS GAME ITS SO FUN IF U LIKE TO BE ALONE AND SPEND TIME.
76561197965580592,Recommended,332310,23822893,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Vaelose,"Still rough around the edges, but bloody good fun!"
,Recommended,332310,16733891,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,SolSurvivor,I bought this and played it for a few minutes and so far...My childhood's smile is showing once again :D
,Recommended,332310,16374080,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Johnny Rat,"As it is, I can't recommend this right now to others due to it being unfinished. But, when finished, this'll be the best lego game hands down. Also, there's a chair that's exactly like the Rancho Relaxo in TF2, so 10/10."
,Recommended,332310,16246832,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,JagWire,"I think that this game is amazing, People may think ""Ugh, a lego game it's such a kids thing"" This game is not just suited for kids but is suited to anyone willing to play it. Some of the things that I suggest:(Local co-op 2 player)(Personal server hosting also)A waypoint or compass/mapa home teleport buttonbuilding own vehiclesa non monster modea way to delete vehicleseasier ways of placing bricks togetherSo far, I am really enjoying this game and look forward to the further development"
,Recommended,332310,30395665,Posted: 8 March,all,Shadix,"Its pretty good, but I'm having some performance problems with it."
,Recommended,332310,31053792,Posted: 9 April,all,TPWarbat,Lego Worlds is a really fun game. It was more open world in the early access stage but is still pretty good with the missions you need to do.
,Not Recommended,332310,18772803,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,James,"kind of think i wasted my money on this since there is limited things to do, and sometimes it takes a long time to achieve what you want"
76561198061689090,Recommended,332310,16249741,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,THE681,"great gamelots to explore and descovereasy to use toolsdoesnt take long how to figure everything outfor people not sure if to buy it or not ""get t anyway""for the developersi hope so see every brick make to help make houses buildings and all sorts of vehilces to give use the extra freedomethanks for making this game and take this into consideration :)"
76561198173176126,Not Recommended,332310,22309649,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,jamarcus_the_slinger,i like lego games so i thought i would by this i got it and at first thought what an amazing game! i played it for 2 hours i got bored got off and played it tomorrow it was old and i only played 2 hours now it just sits in my library
,Not Recommended,332310,23392513,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,jake,"Bought this game over a year ago with the promise of multiplayer coming reasonably shortly after the game was released onto steam, along with constant patches and updates. None of which I've seen as of yet, and doubt it will be here any time soon. Game seems to be stuck in early access with hardly any actual content updates. Not with it until they release multiplayer and start actually making more content for it."
76561198055559991,Recommended,332310,16118564,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,SuperNexus,"Amazing, played this game for a bit and im loving it even though i havnt owned a lego toy since i was 14(im now 18;p)"
,Recommended,332310,16119193,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Techstepz,"I punched a polar bear and got coins.Saw a camel spawn on a cloud.Steamroller is OP, Can make a road across waterMega grin on my face like i have just snorted a truckload of happy powder.GOTY Game is full of infinite happiness 11/5"
,Recommended,332310,30380957,Posted: 7 March,all,GuldenRavn,"I bought the game as an early access and felt like I would share my experience.Actually I bought 3 copies for my kids and myself (kids are 5 and 7 years old). Ok so I wasn't expecting much from the game. During early access I found that it was way too clunky. My kids loved the concept but quickly quit because of he lack of controls and guidance.I had my doubts with  the release og v1.0 - However starting up the game today I found that they managed to build  a game beyond my hopes and dreams. It's a HUGE leap towards a somewhat perfected game (considering the complexity). Still some clunky controls here and there. However the visuals are clean and the sounds are relaxing and appealing to the eye—though a bit demanding on the Graphics Card (Nvidia GTX660 - old junk I know).What impresses me the most are the guides for each tool you get. For each tool you see a video with narrating telling you how to use that specific tool, and it is told with a twist of humour as we are used to from the LEGO productions. Using the different building tools will take some time getting used to, but even though they are hard to master I think the younger audience will have a great time anyway.... And that is what this game is! It is a doorway to the entire LEGO universe with boundless potential and opportunities for supporting tech (VR) to come and experience for the children of tomorrow and hopefully into the future.Quite decent work with a v.1.0 game release.Well back to tossing some pigs into the sea.See you in-game!"
,Recommended,332310,31703499,Posted: 12 May,all,BreakforceOne [GER],"Basically Minecraft, just more fun and with an undeniable sense of Nostalgia."
,Recommended,332310,16296145,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,cr1ticalh1t,Joined gamefound a goatrides goatfalls in lavadiesrespawnsGOAT IS GONEgoes to menuspawns goat with mind powersrepeat11/10
76561198014350940,Recommended,332310,33843992,Posted: 27 July,all,Px.Sneaky_Arab,A great lego game for all fans of lego
76561197999906350,Not Recommended,332310,33469249,Posted: 11 July,all,g3zar,Was super excited about this game. However it freezes up every 5 seconds which makes it completely unplayable.
,Not Recommended,332310,18472918,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Klosid,"This is an OK game.I bought this game because I love video games, and legos. It looked fun when I watched other people watch it on YouTube. However, when I bought it, I was disapointed. It wasn't as fun as it looked, the building wasn't easy, especially the brick by brick, and other than exploring, there isn't much to do. I eventually got very bored with it and I haven't played it for a long time. If you watch my YouTube videos(www.youtube.com/c/KlosidOfficial), a few moths ago, I uploaded a lego worlds video, I haven't played since then.I personally do NOT recomend this game."
76561198049022765,Recommended,332310,16237173,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,TysonY2,"Did you enjoy playing with legos ain the past or currently?YES- See yes section of this reviewNO- See no section of this review""YES, I enjoy legos!"" Then buy this game! You'll love it as well!""No, legos are bad and you should feel bad."" Buy this game anyway! Just because your imagination and childhood is dead, doesn't mean your wallet is!"
,Recommended,332310,16192540,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,fishy-depression,"Blockland is dead.Minecraft is dead.THIS IS WAY BETTER AND IF YOU ADD A CROSSOVER CHARACTER FROM YOUR OTHER LEGO GAMES OR A CHARACTER FROM ANOTHER GAME THAT'S NOT LEGOFIED YET (with permission) I GIVE THIS A 435664054024561242064120542046789678645204045054044544101040145796986796021422806420201350257813723456819584/10 (so far)But with other characters that are from other games (any) it will be twice that amount i gave this game (rating,of course.) Just to make it clear.EDIT:Idea:Add this to New nintendo 3DS,PSvita,PS4,PS3,Xbox 360,and Xbox one."
,Not Recommended,332310,20315809,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,ollie13239,"I want to like this game, and i do  somewhat... But If you game with your ontroller, I warn you that at this time controller support is lacking and makes this a game to avoid. Mouse and keyboard ? You will like it. The game itself is fun, who does not like Lego building and smashing. but if like me your an armchair gamer, then wait  and hope on this one."
76561198113264036,Recommended,332310,30383042,Posted: 7 March,all,IrrelevantScrub,"A true lego game, can build building brick by brick, lots of chatacter parts and the premade items are great for decwerating.Notice-You need todo some adventure quests to unlock the tools and some items, but theyre all easy to acheive."
76561198044465406,Recommended,332310,28192973,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,PointsOfXP,My friend and I killed a bear while riding sharks and found Harambe in the clouds and rode him into the sunset.  All in all pretty great game.
76561198051535455,Recommended,332310,30377226,Posted: 7 March,all,Mask,"The game is pretty awesome. Only down-side really is that it is very poorly optimized and causes a lot of FPS lag on lower spec computer. I myself have a very high spec computer, but it can still cause a lot of FPS issues even on lower graphics.Great game to play with and without friends."
,Not Recommended,332310,20058669,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,IceDragonIDGN,"Purchased this game thinking it was MineCraft with Legos.  While it's fun for an hour or so, it's NOT anything like MineCraft. It's similar to all the other lego games and quickly loses its appeal if you're looking for something with any kind of complex gameplay or building capibilities. There's mini-missions and a ton of other quests, but it just feels like (insert another generic Lego game title) only this one you have the choice of wondering around aimlessly without doing anything productive.On a scale of 1 - 10 this is a 3 in my opinion, had I known more about it I wouldn't own it."
,Recommended,332310,34125237,Posted: 9 August,all,Captaincooler,I Hate The Hour Loading time. Maybe it was my rubbish PCGame was fabulous overall
76561198207019767,Recommended,332310,29397917,Posted: 21 January,all,Thamer,Pretty good game for creative people.Some bugs make the game unplayable but overall it was a nice experience.8.7/10 If you play it with friends (⌐■_■)7.6/10 If you are forever alone (ᴗᨎᴗ)
,Recommended,332310,29770141,Posted: 7 February,all,Bobalobdob,"LegosOpen worldwhat more could someone want than a huge sandbox to build whatever they want with legos, without having to buy any sets or read any set of instructions!"
,Recommended,332310,29858154,Posted: 11 February,all,Venom,"As a fan of Lego and a player of Lego Dimensions I am abosultely in awe; this game has so much creativity and adventure to explore and collect, definetly worth the 15 dollars :D"
76561198148871907,Recommended,332310,29287238,Posted: 15 January,all,plug.carp,"I LOVE this game. I'm a big lego fan and love the lego games but this one steps out of the crowd and takes a new approach to lego games. All the animals and characters are unique. The only problem is that whenever I go into the character model page and click on anything, the game shuts down. Then again I can't complain because, the game is in early access. Its an amazing game for the price and stage it's in."
,Recommended,332310,29725651,Posted: 5 February,all,#unfazbar,i need some one to play with add me pls
76561198148965092,Recommended,332310,29836174,Posted: 10 February,all,taughtracer7487,love this game but i want a mech suit so emets or some other mech just give me at least to please i would love you guys so much for it but great game me and my cosions sorry i cant spell that but we have a great time thank you for the game
,Recommended,332310,29573835,Posted: 29 January,all,(fail) feltcat,"Game still has major stability issues, however, as an early access game I'd give it 10/10."
76561198052824950,Recommended,332310,26274538,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,< blank >,how do i refund this ♥♥♥♥ing piece of♥♥♥♥♥
76561198279231676,Recommended,332310,29333689,Posted: 18 January,all,zachdrago,I love all the things u can do just plz add a few new ridables or animals
76561198276282058,Recommended,332310,29772831,Posted: 7 February,all,MPAishere,PLease let mac play it
76561198283210073,Not Recommended,332310,30448148,Posted: 11 March,all,ipsscm,"Started playing this in Early Access and it was fun, if a little light on content.  Now, however, it's a completely different game.  At some point, right at the end, the devs decided to do a 180 and move from a purely sandbox game to a bunch of little quests (is this supposed to be a tutorial?).  They are amusing, I suppose, but rather irritating as some of the controls are more than a bit fiddly and frustrating to use.  It would be nice to have the option to play the original game rather than the bait-and-switch game that ended up being released."
,Not Recommended,332310,20566623,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Kronk,"LEGO Worlds. The game where you can do a few things then quit because it's boring.Look, it's a good idea, but there's just nothing to do! Once you've gotten what you want, there's no goals to complete, no challenges.When I bought this game on my birthday, I had a few things on my mind: ""This'll be awesome! I'll have fun for hours!"" Unfortunately, the game froze up on first launch. Second launch, I realized it was not even optimized enough to play it without the FPS dropping to 15. I've tried time after time since June 2015 to play this game, but every time I do, I know it's a waste of time.And, unfortunately, I didn't know there were Steam Refunds back then.So, thank you LEGO for trying to make a good game, but it's too much of a clone of different games, and a game that sits in my library, untouched.Please, take it from me: Do not buy this game.Editing now: Can I please have a refund?"
,Recommended,332310,16528724,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,A ROBLOXian,Later on when i was playing>killed king>killed skeleton>killed wizard>became skeleton king with cape>found sword>began to go on an rampage>hit a polar bear so hard that he went through the ground.10/10
,Not Recommended,332310,33540990,Posted: 14 July,all,KingNooby,It was good.. Until release. Thats all I have to say.
76561198037509812,Not Recommended,332310,33487590,Posted: 12 July,all,Pnut,"Not too sure what happened. I played a bunch of the game in early access because, it was just playing with lego. I want to emphasize to any devoloper that if you give me a game with physics, an assembly toolset, and an infinite box of every lego brick ever created; it's a platinum seller for sure.Anyhow. I noticed that the full release had come out (somewhat sneakily) and decided it was time to jump back in. The game mechanics where all still there, but they slapped a terrible and generic: quest for golden brick+collect golden bricks=new content framing to the whole thing. Not a mechanic, but a frame that changed the entire game for me. It feels so limiting after having played early access with, you know, freedom. The narration is also just constant, and poorly written for the most part. Also to mention that its probably 30% instruction and 70% ""Is he seriously still going on?"". You will want to sell your soul for even just a decent pun every now and then.TL;DR This will be on a future Rock Paper Shotgun list of ""Games that where better in early access"". If anyone will be able to remember such a boring game for that long. So much potential. Wasted."
,Not Recommended,332310,33542891,Posted: 14 July,all,Gnome,"*Gnome Seal of Disapproval*This is a game that could have been great if it didn't have absolute terrible controls.It is charming and has lots of stuff to discover and unlock. Worlds, bricks, characters, animals, scenery, etc.But alas, the controls makes this a chore to play."
76561198230876768,Recommended,332310,30379556,Posted: 7 March,all,mktirex,"I was so happy that the v1.0 is finally here! Got through the new strating senquences, loaded a new world and,,,, lag. On the previous version of this game I could play normally on the highest settings! And now even on the lowest it lags so much that it's not possible to play. So all my waiting for the amazing v1.0 was just for this trashy optimalisation? And I am not talking about some minor lags. I can barely move! Please fix those optimalisation problems, because many players experience my problems and we all would really want to play."
76561197969268861,Not Recommended,332310,32487590,Posted: 16 June,all,VGAPixel,"While you can freely build anything you want, you will rarely find reason to. It seems that the game element overshadow the building elements making this for a very casual but overly unrewarding experience. Build menus are overly cluttered and the control scheme leaves much to be desired. Camera is passable but wonky under most circumstances. I feel there is not much to do and what there is becomes repetitive rather quickly."
,Not Recommended,332310,34492210,Posted: 25 August,all,Technical Sergeant Micheal,"Roses are red violets are blue, i miss early access and i know you do too"
76561198095100378,Not Recommended,332310,24510957,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Microsoft Excel,You completely ruined this game and deleted all of my hard work. Good job.
76561198141857566,Recommended,332310,31227659,Posted: 18 April,all,Television,"This is a really great game. :D But i kinda liked the update before this one becuase this update (storymode, etc) makes the world smaller, and also doesnt have 'that' much exploration. The update before this one (one world, infinite world) has alot more exploration, but overall great game :D 10 crashed space ships outta ten"
76561197986367279,Not Recommended,332310,16615612,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Corvinus DeNuit,"As of the date of this review, I have to recommend not purchasing this game.A lot of the other reviews mention that LEGO Worlds has a lot of potential, and that's true. However, the same can be (and is) said of 90% of all the other early access games on Steam.Right now there's just not a lot to DO in this game. Yeah, you can build, you can drive all sorts of vehicles and ride all sorts of animals, but so far there's not really any point to it all. Even building isn't that fun in this game, because the controls are terrible. The game will irritate you just a little bit with every brick you place, so the overall feel is one of frustration rather than fun.LEGO Worlds also feels utterly lifeless. There are loads of NPC's walking aimlessly around, but you only have two options to interact with them. Ignore them, or kill them. They are nothing more than walking scenery.To sum up, at this point LEGO Worlds isn't as good as actual, physical Lego, and it isn't nearly good enough to cut it as a video game."
76561198060081966,Not Recommended,332310,16973158,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Catteni,"in it's current state i can;t get behind it... controls are bad in movement and buildingi wasn;t looking for a minecraft clone which this isn;t but it also has no meat to it... it's a ""collect all the things"" meats ""poke all the things in the eye"" with some very akward building controlsi want to love this game but it just has nothing in it yet... and i do say yet... i have high hopes... but theres just no hook for me yet... i've played about 1 hour and gotten used to the controls and build a small house andcollected a ton of stuff... but that's about where it ends... there's nothing else to do and i've become bored in an hour..as is this game isn;t for me....if you want a game with no story no goals and completely open sandbox build w/e you want it's cool...but i want some kind of structure... not an end game... but some kind of progression some feeling of i spent 50 hours in this i;ve done it all now... i've bested what is here...i've requested a refund personally and i'm hoping it goes through... if this improves and catches my attention later... i may even buy it again but i just can't as is"
,Recommended,332310,30396731,Posted: 8 March,all,Ommo,"I absolutely love this game even though it lags for me xD-Recommended! I saw this on DanTDM's channel a long time ago and I was so jealous that he got early access and I was delighted to get the game sooner on. When I get a gaming PC, this will turn into a game which I would probably play almost everyday (I did this with Terraria, almost 1k hours!).Anyways, to round it off I definitely recommend you get this game, you won't regret it"
76561198082357901,Not Recommended,332310,33911051,Posted: 30 July,all,Super Shag,"I can see what they were going for here, but it really didn't work for me. I got some enjoyment from the exploration and unlocking different characters and vehicles but it gets old really quick. The building is pretty tedious, and annoying which is quite disappointing because I enjoyed the idea of building some of my favourite sets in game. If you want a good sandbox, just play minecraft."
76561198117020685,Recommended,332310,24771998,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Warlord Of Wumbo,"I found a pistol, traded it ro look like a cowboy, found a dragon egg and traded it to a wizard for his outfit, dressed as a cowboy and wore a red cloak, ran around for 2 hours looking for a new pistol. Its high noon. 11/10"
76561198323903202,Recommended,332310,24945406,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,jjfz0123,Its a great game but how do you do multiplayer
76561198166397256,Recommended,332310,34563641,Posted: 28 August,all,OnlineGamer1240,"this game is great alot of fun playing with my friend in the game i say get this game and play with your friends its alot of fun with them, go ahead and buy it for your Bday or you just buy it its a great game."
76561198123519835,Recommended,332310,31894830,Posted: 21 May,all,sonicssj2023,its really good but i give it a 0/10!!! because he used the same motorcycle picture TWICE!!!!(jk)
,Recommended,332310,31849540,Posted: 19 May,all,RazorSharp10,"This game is awesome! I especially like that they updated the game for that their is a set objective now. This game really reminds me of Lego Universe and I think they should add in Lego Universe pets as creatures into the game and then make them obtainable the same way as it was in Lego Universe. Other than that, this game is a game you never get bored of playing is is a very fun and amazing game!"
,Recommended,332310,31626826,Posted: 8 May,all,Digital Deviate,"It's a very good game, there are a few issues/things needed to make this game better. Solve Online crashing, Control Scheme on Mouse + Keyboard is attrocious. The major thing missing in my opinion is the ability to create your own vehicles, or in general modify existing vehicles."
,Not Recommended,332310,23591189,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Mr Balloonicorn,Bought the game early hoping to support something amazing.Get shafted for not waiting because Devs give out 2 copies to people who buy late.Cool! Another Dev added to my NEVER BUY FROM list.Fix This! Show me you care about your customers!
,Recommended,332310,25775411,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Officer go-go,THIS GAME IS FUN. but i would like the game a bit more if you didn't have to use the right click to look around while in first person but ya THIS GAME IS FUN.
76561198394393544,Recommended,332310,34010333,Posted: 4 August,all,xxX_LEGOBOY_Xxx,"BRO, THIS GAMEPLAY IS GOOD, GET IT."
,Not Recommended,332310,30429911,Posted: 10 March,all,vitawrap™,"got to rank 9, 60 gold bricks, almost to the jetpack, joined my friend's game and my stats got reset to 100 with the astronaut character and 19 gold bricks, my worlds are still available though.give me my progress back tt games.EDIT: I wasn't precise enough to mention that, I inedeed know that the progress on a friend's server is tied to their progress, but my singleplayer data has genuinely been wiped off."
76561198174402447,Not Recommended,332310,16763475,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Ludox,"So far, Lego worlds is a game that gets boring in a week or even less.For these who expects it to be the new minecraft: IS NOT . (at less at the moment.)The building options are very wide, but very hard to use. The character is allways obstructing the view. The camera rotates towards him and not towards the bricks you are placeing, so you have spend more time moveing the camera, than placeing the brics. Theres almost no shortcuts...After all that work you built a house that you can use for NOTHING... Not for sleep, not for storing stuff (because you dont need to gather any kind of resources... is all there for you always....)This game needs a survival mode. A mode where you need to gather bricks in order to build. Where theres some kind of difficulty. Right now the only challenge of the game is to use the controls. I mean it. they need to improve that.The potential of this game is limitless, but right now i dont recomend it if you are over 6 years old.Im not giving it back just to give the Lego Stuff the chance to improve it.ps: english is not my main lengage, so sorry for the grammar and stuff."
,Not Recommended,332310,17894110,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Crystan,"I got this game expecting to be able to build and create just about anything I could think of....well 6 hours later, I only had a pile of disconnected pieces because the game has very poor depth perseption. you also can't make your own moving creations, so no robots, no cars, no planes that lego doesn't build for you. maybe it's just me I don't know but the best part of legos was building things like that. running around the little world and ""discovering"" new locations on the map yeilds nothing of any real value to the game nor does it unlock anything special for you to do. there are no goals (which is fine for an open world environment) though it does have what you could consider side quests. you run into lego people and animals and they ask for something from you if you found it and give it to them you can then select them as a playable skin. it's a game with lots of potential and very little of it used."
,Not Recommended,332310,31290875,Posted: 22 April,all,WingedRobot,"I got this game in while it was in Early Access. It was pretty fun, and it still is. It's good for a laugh, and it's a neat tool for making some really cool lego creations. HOWEVER, this version of the game is still very buggy. Game loading and saving seems half-baked, and the last two times I launched the game it crashed on me, stealing focus and disallowing me to force the program to stop. I had to force a shutdown of my computer both times. The second time was caused by removing a controller. Just from that! Unless they can fix some of these bugs and make the main menus less confusing, I'm going to be uninstalling. Also, controller and any input options seem to be missing from the game entirely. I seem to remember them being there at some point, but... oh well."
76561198145509424,Recommended,332310,33710966,Posted: 21 July,all,IronSock,"I really love this game.  The fact that you have different tools to build with is fantastic!  Love that theres Lego City content in this game, I could actully make what I have on my table with the city content!  Looking foward to the space DLC and beyond.  Fingers crossed for maybe DC content.  10/10."
76561198094109212,Recommended,332310,16186832,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,UnRealGuyPerson,This Game is unbelievable so fun for an early access game! so much to do in it!-Youtube-https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCA1oqTSSLHwtLc7PhSpgI3Q
,Not Recommended,332310,18086764,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,warkrimes 101,"Well, I bought it for my kids and myself to play.  I find it unplayably frustrating.  I'm not even going to offer it to my kids to play in its current state.  I ran into almost every bug people mention in the first fifteen minutes.  I'm debating holding on to it because of its sale price, or refunding it and enjoying my money now.  The things I like about it are the potentials for detail it offers (sizes and shapes of blocks, colors, etc).  They really just need to focus more on the fun(ctionality) and less on the third person gimmick."
,Recommended,332310,16466703,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,CrazyBanana117,i like it thubs up. chucnoris is so manly he looks at steam sales all day with out buying own
76561198118042079,Recommended,332310,23576566,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,BryceD515,"Lego worlds is a great game, probably the lego game that lets you be most creative out of all of them. I only have one problem. I bought the game when it was $24.99 US and there was no multiplayer. Since the price dropped, I feel kinda cheated out. As I see it, players who bought the game before should get an extra copy free as a gift for sticking with the development process."
,Recommended,332310,22217321,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Mr. Moseby,i love the game and it has and open world full of imagination!10/10
76561198107235131,Recommended,332310,22216224,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,bohn41590,Fanastic game with unlimited potenial! Still in the early stages but well worth your donation/purchase. What is already accessible in game is well worth the price if you enjoy sandbox and creating lego structures.
,Recommended,332310,22526665,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Bandit.O.S. Inc.,"Sorta like an open world Lego universe with Less MMO and more Just running around throwing Eggs at zombies while screaming at surfers. I'd love If I could play with a friend, just being able to build two massive citys, perhaps even making a giant nations spanning biomes."
,Recommended,332310,22233912,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,ENDERkid2003,this game is awsome and creaive but if you  can add portal and  vileges with shopsand undertail   plz     maby a dlc  thats around 2.00
76561198120426215,Recommended,332310,29409420,Posted: 21 January,all,StoneDust,yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
,Not Recommended,332310,17445112,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Ashlynn,"Whenever I want too play this game I go into it and it says ""Corrupted"" on a save and wont let me choose the other save... This game needs a little fixxing"
76561197976228399,Not Recommended,332310,18088452,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,R.Reagan,"Ok, tried it for a bit last night and compaired to minecraft, it's a bit more difficult.  I am getting it for the kids.  Hopefully I can make more sense of it by the time xmas rolls around.  The controls are kinda funky and I think that's part of my issue and camera control.  Maybe, like I said I am too used to minecraft."
,Not Recommended,332310,18081214,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Alvareux,"Game is not what I expected:The videos and screen shots look amazing! A lot of the reviews lead me to believe this was a normal Lego game with open world and Minecraft style play. I can say, its not the case. The play style isn't there and isn't what you would expect from a normal Lego game, the controls don't feal natural and the enviroment looks blurry unless you're close up. Some features are really cool, but the more important free-style build feature is harder than it needs to be. The auto build when you find blue prints was cool at first, but takes away the thing that makes your creations your own.Cool concept, but it wasn't delivered well. I'm hoping the full release is better. I don't recomend early access as for right now."
,Not Recommended,332310,23361316,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Corrupted Hero,"Just for now I wouldn't reccommend, good potential for the full version but right now there's basically nothing to do"
,Recommended,332310,23341194,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,TheSowil,I don't know why it's still in Early Access. I love to play with LEGOs. Give us the Full Version plz Tt.
,Not Recommended,332310,23530103,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Stuffing,Seems cool and fun at first but you need a pretty beefy computer it seems and the building just feels so wierd and buggy its annoying even after all this time... too much hassle to play with virtual plastic. It also gets boring after a while. expecially when you can't build because it's too much trouble.Haven't tried it after it got out of early access but don't plan to since it's been boring to me and now it's completely changed. I'm done with this game.
76561197977267103,Not Recommended,332310,30390994,Posted: 8 March,all,Conspiracy Theory,"Every game developer know there are left-handed people in the world. Over 10% and up to 13%.Every game developer knows as many left handers (as a percentage) buy games as right-handers...But here, Yet Another Console Coded PoS is sprayed on PC like a dog to a tree...By-passing ANY/FULL Keyboard Re-Mapping which good games have had since even Before Half-Life in 1999No left-handed Option. No Re-mapping.Unable to use Mouse & Keyboard the way they are meant to be used by leftys.Why not get rid of WASD while you are at it?Oh yea, because being right-handed is an absolute requirement to being human.Take a hike.Cannot recommend.Put in re-mapping, and maybe then we can talk civil..."
,Not Recommended,332310,30386479,Posted: 7 March,all,EatBolt,"Where in the hell is Lego Worlds? It certainly isn't this game. The BETA was actually fun to play because you could alter the world at will, you didn't have to force your way through a horiffically teadious, vapid quest line. Dang it. I want my game back, you know, the one I paid for."
76561198317199031,Not Recommended,332310,30383639,Posted: 7 March,all,M.R. me,this game was WAY better before  v1 came out. before v1 you could bild whatever you wanted now you have to colect bricks to bild any thing. and to make things worse how you get the bricks os so hard.
,Not Recommended,332310,30385159,Posted: 7 March,all,potato powered,i like this game but i honestly got bored when i literaly had a world full of water no joke not that many islands and if i did found a island small not live able and i hate the fact that if you visit a friends world and he has different controls you have to use your friends controls ITS REALLY ANNOYINGedit: now im trying to find out how to refund it and now its $20 it should be $5 not joking
,Not Recommended,332310,30386451,Posted: 7 March,all,BrodoTBaggins,"I played this game a few times during early access, and really liked what I saw. Large, open worlds. Exploration mechanics that made sense.  Performance kind of sucked in early access, but I assumed that would be improved on release.This release version of LWs has completely removed the large maps from before. Apparently you can unlock these later on? Yeah, no thanks.  I will keep an eye on this game, and look forward to playing when they add a 'sandbox"" mode, with the large maps from before."
,Not Recommended,332310,30386637,Posted: 7 March,all,アライさんにおまかせなのだー!,"The work put on the adventure mode in order to learn how to play the game and everything is commendable. All updates are great in my opinion. Except that I don't play these games with an adventure mode in mind. I'm not a campaign guy, I'm a make maps and play player-made maps guy. If there is no sandbox option right out of the box it kills the game for me. So no, unless they add that I cannot reccomend this personally."
,Recommended,332310,16738562,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Remedy,"It is a very promising game, I love the idea of finding weapons and loot in chests. It has a few elements from Minecraft, but it still keeps that Lego edge to it. I hope the developers keep active with this, it could really get somewhere."
,Recommended,332310,30416479,Posted: 9 March,all,medhathobo,"Moments after I made the original review, they released a perfromance patch that made everything better."
,Recommended,332310,16424718,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,FluffyRanger,Best Lego game i have ever played! Worth the money. Buy it before you download any free game!
,Not Recommended,332310,23588851,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,demo,"Sucks that early supporters of this game all miss out on the new policy of ""buy one , get one free"".Thats not a nice way to treat existing buyers, and won`t endear them to continue supporting the game.What sucks even more is that the game is still very empty and lacks anything to capture your interest or imagination, (you kinda expect that at first for an early access game but as it is, nothings changed). No real progress has been made. This feels like a demonstrator and is frankly, boring."
,Not Recommended,332310,23590086,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,I Save Alla Ze Bebehs,"This game is a very, very, very unfinished version of minecraft. The controls are awkward and stiff, and it just honestly doesn't feel like it should be ready even for early access yet. Why does Lego even need to do an early access release of a game in this poor of an early state? They're not exactly a small indie company ffs"
76561198033753691,Not Recommended,332310,23611187,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Cryt,"""The game seems interesting at first, but quickly becomes boring after you've seen a majority of the game. Exploring is interesting, but there is no point to it, at all, you can quickly discover everything the game has to offer in about an hour. Unless you want this game for building purposes, wich it seems alright for, don't buy it.""^THIS.Don't buy it."
76561198096775972,Not Recommended,332310,23612989,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,RaimiPrincess,"Never thought I'd see the day when there was a bad lego game, but I guess today is the day.The game looked great from the screenshots and video, but once you actually play it for a while it becomes very boring.Graphics can look very nice and cute but everything else feels like a free amateur sandbox mod."
,Recommended,332310,30379081,Posted: 7 March,all,Accidental Pterodactyl,"oh boi... lego worlds. oh what memories. as a fan of lego games, mostly lego universe (rip), this made me♥♥♥♥♥♥myself. i played every update since update 2 in the early access version, and found almost EVERY. SINGLE. THING. and when v1 came out, i♥♥♥♥♥♥myself again, only to realize that my potato of a computer cant run the game without getting like 3 fps now. the game's fun, but if you have a potato of a computer like me, it'll lag. alot."
76561198268125991,Recommended,332310,30081111,Posted: 21 February,all,NK85,"My boys are really obsessed with this game it's a Lego version of minecraft, very addictive, easy to play, very fun, amazing Lego graphics, love the different characters can't wait for the new update. Love this game."
,Not Recommended,332310,30387233,Posted: 8 March,all,Rainey,"Wow, it's the ol' switcheroo. The game we were playing and rating in early access is gone. This is a different product but they still have my money (2 copies in fact - daughter and mine). Can't get a refund - typical story of early access... oh it was your choice to back an unfinished product. Sad thing is it feels like they've now packed away the sandbox game ready for a DLC paywall later. It's not a fair practice to the consumer and there needs to be some recourse."
,Not Recommended,332310,17706236,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Clinky,"(Ignore my lack of hours, I have played 8+ hours offline mode)Lego Worlds is something I only found out about 2 days before it's release but the momment it released I bought it. I love lego, I have been playing Lego Games since the original Lego Star Wars and am usually impressed with them, sadly I have found Lego Worlds an incredibly dull game compared to the other Lego Games.Lego Worlds is an open sandbox game where you build anything you want with lego bricks, this concept is interesting and very cool as while there has been 3d lego programs before, there has never been a full interactive game where you could build things out of lego blocks. Once you get used to the building controls it is enjoyable to build a home, skybase, aircraft carrier, whatever you want to build you can. I have even had a go at replicating some of the Star Wars Lego sets but sadly a lack of certain pieces makes it hard to do this. I would have expected the game to ship with more blocks than it did.The game, desperatly, desperatly needs multiplayer. You can build all you want but at the end of the day all you can do is stare at your creations. Thats it, build something, ""yah, I made a boat,"" done. That is sadly the entire process in lego worlds, endless exploration exploration is supposedly a major feature of the game but all you can do by exploring is find new characters to play as and new animals to ride or if you want ""stare at the land."" Exploration has recently been made easier with a map but still, it gets dull. The other concern I have with building is the camera control, if you are building close to the ground the camera can often pan underground or underwater and bring your character along with it making it a nightmare to get back to land.An underwater mechanic was recently added, and it works great..... if you want water spawning in mid air and a hard to control underwater building mechanic. I have been frustrated with this as random pools of water spawn in the air and around your creations which (unless a 5 year old developed this game) is not meant to happen.The ability to NOT CHANGE YOUR CONTROLS is something I was truely baffled by when I first launched the game, I have not played single PC game in the last 6 years that forces you to use one set of controls and nothing else. This may not be a problem but if you use keybinds that are not default in all your other games it is really hard to adapt to the default Lego Worlds keybinds, especially if you are only going to be playing for 20 minutes before going to play another game.CONCLUSIONLego Worlds has some great potential but at this stage the lack of content, buggy unreliable gameplay and no multiplayer support means I cannot reccomend this game in it's current state. If you want a game you can sit down and play for 15 minutes by all means buy it but there is in no way, shape or form any lasting content that will keep you playing for hours on end.4/10"
,Recommended,332310,26528263,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,deklaswas,First 15 seconds of the gameSpawn in jungleSee gorillacoolGorilla ♥♥♥♥ing punches meGame goes black right after i get punchHarambe punched me into the shadow realm10/10
,Not Recommended,332310,17457632,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Oakley78,Fun for the first 2 minutes. Then it gets old.
,Recommended,332310,20103612,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,larguu,needs asscream
,Recommended,332310,30933028,Posted: 3 April,all,TrivialTurtle,TrivialTurtle's Review of LEGO® WorldsOverall Rating7.6Enjoyment8Gameplay7Aesthetic9Sound8Story-Hook8Options7Difficulty7Originality7
,Recommended,332310,16133223,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Walker,I'm a werewolf riding a bull. 10/10
76561197972488352,Not Recommended,332310,16747278,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,JoshSmash,"Disappointing at this point. Was hoping for more and I hope there will be more when it isn't ""early access"", but we'll just have to wait and see. There isn't really much to do other than run around a bunch of tiny, repetitive islands and build stuff. The building mode is really awkward and not easy to pick up. It's so awkward to build that I just abandoned the concept all together because it was too frustrating. The controls are iffy and could use a lot of work. The menu system is a pain.The idea is great, but so far the implementation of it is lacking. I'm still hoping they surprise us in the future, since basically any other Lego game I have played is better than this. I will continue to check in on the updates and hopefully I can change this to a positive review in the future. Currently, however, I am wishing I spent the money on a really small set of real Legos. That would have been much more fun.PS: THIS IS NOT Lego's Minecraft. A lot of people say it is, but don't listen. It's a quick, lazy comparison. I wasn't expecting it to be like Minecraft, but I can imagine if you expect it to be that this game would be even more disappointing."
,Not Recommended,332310,19460238,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Gaming Pig,bbbbboring
,Not Recommended,332310,31842254,Posted: 19 May,all,JolinarCarter,"Awkward controls, laggy, glitchy, frame rate stutters. This is a half baked waste of money. And before you blame my computer I have a gtx 1080."
,Not Recommended,332310,33576394,Posted: 15 July,all,Dragon_Serv,Too geard for Kids. Expected something more like minecraft but with lego.Didnt want to play anymore by the time I was done with the Tutorial.
,Recommended,332310,30416149,Posted: 9 March,all,Cornissa Althaqua,"I for one...happy with the new content. This game is all about exploring, finding funny stuff, new blocks and beautiful planets. In the meantime you can upgrade your builder talents. What's not to like? If you like to collect stuff and exploring a fun Lego themed universe: this game is for you."
76561198023703000,Not Recommended,332310,30724310,Posted: 25 March,all,vilmos_cz,"Unless it ads creative mode avalible back in early access I cant recommend.""Finished"" version is optimized by creating restricted islands filled with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t gold brick leveling that is probably suposed to unlock things. But I cant confirm that since constant settings reseting and totaly unintuitive controls."
76561198201253829,Recommended,332310,25231101,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,jeffd1293,I got this game after seeing loads of people playing on youtube. I really enjoyed it but after time it did start to get a bit boring. But when i started mucking about with the terain tools the game became alot more fun. I would definalty recomend this game to anyone who enjoys sandbox/exploring type games. Really fun game!
,Recommended,332310,24257743,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Sole,"It is a good game. Hours of building and collecting different characters and vehicles from the LEGO world :) Just, please, fix the windows that get broken in the game and than turn invisible and unable to replace. And it was an epic failure not allowing us to play with more people, just with one friend. Add the ability to manipulate characters' AI, or atleast allow us to make a conversation with them. This way they only jump into a vehicle or onto an animal and drive/ride for like a couple of seconds like manyacs. Eather way, not a bad start. Go ahead and destroy Minecraft guys. I have faith in you and so does more of us. :)"
76561198257093336,Recommended,332310,25211183,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,The Bearded Beast,"Lego Worlds is a very promising game. It has a lot of fun features, and will keep you entertained. This is doing exceptionally well, given it is still in early access!"
,Not Recommended,332310,18784721,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,NecroSpine,"This game is very disappointing for its potentialpros1. It has quite good graphics.2. The worlds are fairly big and diverse and fun to explore.cons:1. Its building system is hard to use.2. The quest system actually makes it even worse because i walked around for a long time to find those items and as soon as i find an npc my awesome gun that took so long to find (because items are almost impossible to find for me) is gone forever.3. The game is constantly struggling no matter how low i put the settings.So this game gets a thumbs down by me personally, but thats just me, so if you like it there is nothing wrong with that.Edit:So I put it on DX9 instead of DX11 and it made all the difference there is literally no struggling even at the highest settings so thats good but, im still giving it a thumbs down even so because I do not like the buildings settings (I found this out in the comments by the way)"
76561198128173967,Recommended,332310,34907257,Posted: 12 September,all,NappyNinja,First of all the story aspect this game has taken on does get on my nerves slightly. But the games core is so enjoyable and fun that i really want to keep playing the Sandbox.
76561198002989263,Recommended,332310,23984393,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Philosopher,"The only thing this game needs right now, is ONLINE MULTIPLAYER, so that i can play this awesome game with my friends online.Make the bricks optainable, like ""survival mode"" - ""in minecraft"", and make bosses with rare tradeable drops...Those are the things that the players wish for.If those essential updates are brourght into the game, i would give it a perfect and flawless 10/10 stars! and i'm speaking on the behalf of many currently players.- Thanks"
,Recommended,332310,24477604,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Chillastrophic,enter gamegreat musictake 10 minutes finding a worldenter worlddrop downfisherman stealing cowboy's snow ploughturnruncandy biomegingerbread manunlock gingerbreadfind sharkride shark as gingerbread man on land to fight vampire in junkyardshark diespulls out drilldigs downhas fishkills vampire with fishrides ostrich to forest and builds castle10/10 would build again
76561198158891132,Recommended,332310,29759500,Posted: 7 February,all,revolver sam,"I  recomend this game to all players that like lego games!!!This is like minecraft but in lego form and that makes the game better than minecraft, i do want a better working multiplayer function and servers so that you can play with your friends without being on the same network i hope that they fix it when the game moves from early accsess but it is still good!! ;D"
76561198048984227,Recommended,332310,33592223,Posted: 16 July,all,themazingness,"When I was a child playing with Legos, I wasn't very good at building things. Somebody would tell me to build a house and I'd just stick stuff together, and they would tell me how awesome I was anyway. This game helps me relive my childhood.-10/10, would get praised for utter failure again."
,Recommended,332310,23926431,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Creeperya,very good game buy it now now has online yay!!!
,Recommended,332310,26138164,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Xx_xx_Xx,Where to begin... This game adds so much adventure to the classic LEGO games. It's like Minecraft and Lego had a baby. I rate this 1000000000000000000000000000000000000000000/10!!!!!!!!!!!! It's just so addicting and fun. Keep up the great work TT Games! Although it is very laggy but that might just be my laptop
,Not Recommended,332310,23597835,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Pitaman,"early access run very well in my dual core laptop without lag...after full release, very lag"
,Recommended,332310,30268127,Posted: 1 March,all,^ ^2👌 DiepIo,"This is LEGO Minecraft. While there are limits that make this not as good as Minecraft, it's still enjoyable being older than a kid.Anyways, what's good about this game is that there are little commands, and a controls on screen. It also has more of an adventure feel to singleplayer than Minecraft.Minecraft may be better, but this is for the LEGO fans that like Minecraft."
,Recommended,332310,30400460,Posted: 8 March,all,Baneus,"I was slightly disappointed to find the full suite of bricks was locked behind a grind or required a cheat to activate. But then I didn't really notice after going to my first Fantasy type world and finding a fricken beanstalk to the clouds with a castle at the top and two massive dungeons in it. And then it was 2am and I had to be at work at 8. Now I'm at work, wishing I was at home so I could play some more.In summary, minor disappointment tempered with awesomeness."
76561198023047446,Not Recommended,332310,30403044,Posted: 8 March,all,dave.c.moser,Game is painfully incomplete. Lacks even basic control modifications. All game settings reset back to default on close. Controls are painful and using a mouse and keyboard is nearly impossible because the same key will be bound to multiple actions.
,Not Recommended,332310,30604697,Posted: 18 March,all,Justin,"If you saw the Early Access and decided to wait for release to buy this game, or saw it in EA being played by a youtuber or something, then I do not recommend this game. Why? Because this game is not the game it was in Early Access. The game use to be open and creative, now its linear and just boring to get through. I want the open world creative lego game I payed for!"
,Not Recommended,332310,31450134,Posted: 29 April,all,Donald Trump,"I got this game at Early Access and was greeted with a fun and creative open world ""do whatever you want"" game. Now it became Fetch Quest Simulator 2017. Unsatisfying ending, complete change in gameplay, Repetive quests, difficulty spikes out of nowhere, and many other problems. Can't even reload Early Access save...what a joke."
,Not Recommended,332310,33649589,Posted: 19 July,all,Fodofox,"Well, this LEGO game is the first I dislike. Sure, it's different than the others but it's just...boring, I don't know...Doesn't make fun traveling from world to world cause you can't barely make the quests because you're missing a) the Item or b) the quest doesn't show up anymore. All you're doing after a while is digging into the ground for these chests which is not even a bit entertaining (since climbing up again is annoying) and searching for objects and characters you still need in the collection. Switching between the two tools all the time feels very repetitive. And my motivation to build something is low (tbh, not there). Because all you do is travling from world to loading screen to world. I wish there was like an extra world where you could build what you want and it's flat and empty. Some quests request that you have to build a house for somebody. Never build a single one, just used the landscape-tool and placed a block on the person -and even then they say ""roof is missing"" even though they can't even go outside. Paint landscape-to-water requests work rarely. But the rest of the quests seem to work properly (if the don't disappear). There's not much to explore, you land in a biom the first time, you discover the new objects and you never come back. And discovering is annoying aswell. The placing of the camera is bad, angle is too flat. And I don't wan't to keep it corrected all the time. Destroying objects to get items doesn't work properly too, you're hitting the air most of the times or NPCs who get mad first, before actually landing hits where you wanted them to be.But hey, aleast you can ride sharks on the land, looks funny.And it's a LEGO game, where you actually have to reload the weapon...would be nice if I could see how much ammo left - but seriously, I don't use weapons in this game since selecting it everytime, well...,I'm too lazy for that. And you have to pick up new items every 10 seconds anyway. Achivements with finding bricks don't work for me either.If you really want to build things, download LEGO Digital Designer. It's not a game, but you get what you want."
76561198270939312,Not Recommended,332310,31595776,Posted: 6 May,all,hansgpaal,"Um, wow. First time back to this game since it came out of early access and everything is different, no longer a big open orld now we are limitted to a bunch of plain vanilla missions.  That wouldn't bother me so muh as the fact that it now runs very poorly on my dughter's i5 laptop and my i3 laptop when it ran fine in early access. I am not sure how the devs managed that one, no longer open world yet running worse. I mean yeah, these laptops have integrated graphics cards and I don't  expect much, but I  can run Assetto Corsa on my i3 but not Lego Worlds?!? I personally don't care, I have plenty other good ames to play bu my little girl is all whiny bout this now.  Any chance of performance imprvement in the future, devs?"
76561198164531840,Not Recommended,332310,34048772,Posted: 5 August,all,Alex the Fox,In early access it was really good it was a new concept for a lego game i would say it is a good game if they didn't make it a linear missions lego game they bassicly killed what they made even thought it's called sandbox still I think it would of been better if it was just a sandbox exploritory game insteed of this mission garbage I really don't know what they where going for because they made a good game then trashed it bassicly also why DLCs now you already upped the price since early access we got free updates until now I'm guessing I hope not atleast
,Not Recommended,332310,30404265,Posted: 8 March,all,Gaviel,Pretty much everything everyone else has been saying about it being a different game than the one I bought.
,Not Recommended,332310,33921792,Posted: 30 July,all,Torbjörn,"TBH, I had high hopes. After launching it once, however, I found very little to really...enjoy. It will NOT let me play sandbox mode. (Shocker.) Adventure mode isn't as fun for me. I was expecting a way to play and build with friends, sort of like something as Blockland or Minecraft, but no. If you enjoy long, boring adventures across a world with little to no explanation for some things, then go ahead, but for me, it's not worth it. It gives you NO introduction, (on my part at least) NO control welcome, and when I launch a new world, it tells me to press tab and...nothing. Just...nothing. No control scheme or anything. I couldn't figure out what to do. Next, I decided to go on my world that I made BEFORE the game was released, and you know what I found? All my data had been reset. I still couldn't play Sandbox mode. Also, when I tried to navigate the menu, THERE IS NO MOUSE PRESENT, YET YOU CAN'T USE THE KEYBOARD TO MOVE AROUND. Seriously, this game had potential, but with no real sandbox mode and no workshop support, it just doesn't make sense to buy this."
,Not Recommended,332310,30402072,Posted: 8 March,all,Ayato Silvermane,There was a potentially good game here. Its gone now.
,Not Recommended,332310,30407482,Posted: 9 March,all,Shironagi,"Bait and switched.Was originally an open world game with no linearality or forced progression everything was explorable, Now you've gotta progress Lego Star Wars Style."
76561198064126118,Recommended,332310,30407214,Posted: 9 March,all,wargeraymon,the story line is good
,Recommended,332310,18770673,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,NGB_Racing,Surfed on a crocodile from a cloud.10/10 Would surf again
76561198131620636,Not Recommended,332310,23595080,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,butt boosters,To begin with this game i did'nt really enjoy it mostly because theres no MAIN objective and what P**sed me off now was that by a copy get one free for a friend.... this would be a awsome idea accept if you had the game....YOU CANT'T GET 1 FREE!!!
,Not Recommended,332310,17665750,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,O João voltou dnv,A little deception
,Not Recommended,332310,16761891,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,thainen,"The game is extremely fun for a couple of hours, while you explore the world, see sights, ride various animals, drive vehicles and fool around. Then you try to build something and find out that the tools for building are less than convenient. You can't control objects' position in space with any precision, and there isn't even an ""undo"" button for when you inevitably ruin what you were building.Unless they fix it, the most convenient way to build something in Lego Worlds is to build it in Lego Digital Designer (avaliable for free on Lego site), and then import it into Worlds, praying to Zeus importing wouldn't mess it too badly.It's like getting an infinite box of legos, just to find out that you're only allowed to build with chopsticks, through a bottleneck."
76561198142717620,Not Recommended,332310,31939199,Posted: 24 May,all,Pentium4,"Early access it was fine now that the game is ""Released"" it actually seems to be more like a early access game it has immensely frustrating controls and stupid animals that screw up every quest by you magically taming them when they are next to a quest giver who needs the same item  this game is horrible now dont get it"
,Not Recommended,332310,16762464,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Littlejb17,"I like the game, its fun. but i am getting lots of crashes and fps lag around 15 to 20 fps. its odd becouse i can run arma 3 fine bf4+3 on ultra but cant run this game on normaly without dropping below 20 fps... so lie the game but bad fps lag"
,Not Recommended,332310,23588645,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,KevlarJesus,Consgave away free copies to people who bought the game after it left EApaid dlc nowfree build mode is incredibly crappyProsfun for an infant child at most
76561198007032272,Not Recommended,332310,31182467,Posted: 16 April,all,Kingdark,"Today I refunded my very first game. I think it's obvious to say that it is Lego Worlds. Now the question is: why did I refund the game when the majority of the reviews on steam are positive? I also admit that the one hour (out of two hours before I couldn't refund it anymore) isn't usually enough to give the game an HONEST review.I am still of the opinion that with only a single hour you can't give any game an honest review. However, one hour is still enough to give a first impression. So let me go straight to the reason why I refunded the game.The game was not intended for pc gaming. It simply wasn't. Any of the options you expect in any game for the last DECADE or so are missing. You can't even change controls in what you yourself prefer. The controls themselves feel clunky and uncomfortable to play with.Since other reviewers mentioned that using a controller makes it easier to use, I dusted off my old trusty controller and it didn't do squat and it worked just fine with another game I played earlier this week.I have other complaints too. The custom building tool is so unwieldy to use. I mean, you would expect that they would've designed that better. I spent nearly ten minutes just to build that wall in one of the first quests you are required to do. There are mods for skyrim that have tools that are easier to use and where you have a much finer control too! If mere modders can do it better, then damn it, profesional game developers should be able to do the same!So m conclussion: Don't buy it if you don't own a controller. Because it could just decide to not work. Like it did with me.Don't buy it if you expect it to have normal options like you would expect of any game in the last decade.Finally, don't buy it if you want the building tool to be easy and instinctive to use.Kingdark"
,Not Recommended,332310,22748391,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Roy,"Can't recommend this.I shouldn't have impuslively bought this when it hit steam in early access- it's boring as ♥♥♥♥.I didn't even really get to try the building system because there's literally no reason to keep playing as walking/driving around for about 1 hour will reveal almost everything the game has to offer.There's still no multiplayer feature and i feel like that was the one thing that could have made this game fun.Store page says there's multiplayer now, you won't see me trying it though.Simply no reason to play it, plus the building system is kind of meh.Trust me i'm still wanting a free roam lego world with customisation and all that but this game is just bland and boring."
,Not Recommended,332310,20583139,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Kazoo,I bought this game and I would recommend it to young children and people who want a virtual lego building tool but I think if that is what you want I would recommend Lego Digital Designer for more precise and easier to use building.
76561198047483552,Recommended,332310,23545768,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,JustDewIt,"Early Access Review.Yes I only have 2 hours on it, I'm picky and saw some things that I didn't like, and I'm letting the game develop more before bashing the heck out of what I don't like. IT IS STILL EARLY ACCESS!!!!!!! They're hopefully still pollishing.As for what I can describe about the game itself:The Pros:*You're in an open Landscape, free to do what you want, no limit to random fun things, Cars, Planes, Helicopters, Shenanigans. Wreck stuff, run over EVERYTHING, collect STUDS, Collect PARTS.* BUILD STUFF!!!!! I wasn't too good at building stuff, because controlls. (More on that later.)*Controlls were somewhat similar to the standard lego Titles, but in those you hace somewhat set camera points. (more on that later.)*Want to Dig tunnels? Make a mountain? A road? a level 20 Gazebo??? You can do that!*No end to the amount of People you can make.*Not Minecraft Minecraft style Biome creation....... Its not Minecraft but you get the Idea of Biome generation.*The Devs ARE still upgrading stuff, My game updates every couple days. Believe you me, I notice.(Thanks Devs! Keep It up!!!)*New Multiplayer!!!!! This should be fun, I havn't played since thats been implemented.*Saw the new update offers 1st person view, might have to check that out and get back to you.Game Performance, runs fine on my homebuild, though I'm not sure how much it takes up in resources, I didn't notice any lag, long load times during biome generation, or hiccups(cpu lag) when I was running around all crazylikeMy rigis an ASUS M4A88T EVO mobo, AMD Phenom II 955 X4 @ 3.4 Ghz(slight OC, Thx ASUS!) AMD Radeon R7 200 series Vid 2Gigs Vram, 8 Gigs of ram, runs better with 16(I added 2 sticks), and I shared 6 gigs to video because why the heck not. I'm not bragging here, she's showing her age guys, just showing that the game can be ran on decent older stuff.Cons.Really only one. The game DOES have a Console Vibe to it, as in the controlls are not standard PC controlls, its dificult for me to explain......... I got it, On my PC, I finished Medal of Honor with ease on its HARDEST setting, Playstarion 2 EASY MoH ruined me. Hope that is enough explanation, I just cant do controller. Also, Aiming assist is for Pansies. I digress.I don't have a problem with Consoles as some people are just better off playing on them than breaking a PC. Console gamers can join the PC master race if they choose, nobody is stoping them, but themselves. I've played other Lego Titles on the Playstation 2, and they're all great. I'm hoping this game is successful and people will be able to enjoy it for a long time.To sum it up; Early access with some personal dislikes on Camera Controlls, Updated first person hasn't been tested, but looking forward to it.Devs are adding new stuff at least weekly.Multiplayer looks promising.Its Lego.And remember, Its not a fully polished game but definitely coming together. EARLY ACCESS!!!!!"
76561198018833766,Recommended,332310,16201549,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Jordsyboi,"Watched a Husky kill a polar bearhopped on the Husky and rode him into the distancebuilt a house together and killed many more polar bearswe lived happily ever after- ""Most heartfelt story"" - IGN 11/10"
,Not Recommended,332310,21748157,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,bnelson333,"This game is just all around bad. I can't believe Lego would even allow their name on this. The UI is terrible, the controls are terrible (can I still not rebind my controls?), the video is washed out, and what is even the point?There's probably a lot to this game that I could get into if I really tried, but the initial experience is just so off putting it doesn't even make you want to try. I bought this game months ago and popped into it last night to see if anything had been made better. Sadly, not really.If you're hoping for a Lego experience like any of the other Batman, etc. games, you'll be sadly disappointed with this game. Hoping for a Minecraft bent? Just play Minecraft instead. This game really doesn't do any of it well."
,Not Recommended,332310,30401160,Posted: 8 March,all,Coolsssoet,"this was one of my all time favorite games, they literaly killed the game, they got rid of sandbox and now force you to play this stupid story that no one cares about,0 this is not the game i usd to love and im mad about it"
,Not Recommended,332310,30039584,Posted: 19 February,all,Darkening Demise,"All you do is run around with things spawning all over the place. Nothing to do but punch stuff, redeem studs to unlock things you punched, and then place it. There's no goals, no depth, no nothing. Its a game by lazy good for nothing developers trying to milk the Minecraft hype to death with a reskin featuring less things to do. A waste of $15 unless you just want to place bricks. Seriously what a scam! Refunded."
,Recommended,332310,30390866,Posted: 8 March,all,SystemError514,"Early Access Portion: I thought that the EA of this game was very good. I really enjoyed it.1.0 Release: The 1.0 Update adds tons of new features to Lego Worlds and a lot of people seem to be complaining about wanting the old EA version of the game back. Things change from EA to full release, and Lego Worlds changed for the better."
76561198013028452,Recommended,332310,30377871,Posted: 7 March,all,SiCkTwIsTeDfUcK,the first person mode needs work. good game though
,Recommended,332310,26075291,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Synxin,Unlike No Mans Sky there is only one place to explore at a time.Unlike No Mans Sky there are no procedurally animals.Unlike No Mans Sky there is actually content that will last more than the 2 hours you have to refund the game.Unlike No Mans Sky there is multiplayer.Unlike No Mans Sky this is actaully worth more than its price tag.10/10 would play again unlike No Mans Sky.(Large amount of time played without steam connected to the internet)
,Recommended,332310,23032185,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,karnage,It seems to me that the camera of 3 persons is not very convenient in some places . I wish what would you add the camera from 1 person . it was used more conveniently .
76561198177796430,Not Recommended,332310,35025526,Posted: 17 September,all,[MP] dave'n'boosters,"in this games early stages, it was mostly just ""make your own game"" and you could do virtually anything. now that there's quests and you can't unlock everything till you've found it or purchased it and building stuff is now almost meaningless. i struggle to see why you would get this game instead of all the other lego games."
,Not Recommended,332310,23570023,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Baymax,"I wanted to love this game so much, but the game just isn't what it could be.Pros:-LEGO sandboxNeutral:-Limited Character Customization-Somewhat finiky building systemCons:-Terrible UI-Loud music with no volume option-Controls not re-mappable-No replay value-No storyNow, while I do realize the game is still in development, the game has some glaring issues that should have been addressed by now. So if you'd like to take a gamble on it's future, buy it on sale. But right now, it isnotworth $20."
76561198046381823,Recommended,332310,23589431,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,iKickPuppies,"Lego Worlds is different. I listed the cons that make the game difficult for me to fully enjoy.  I also listed the pros that encourage me to continue playing.--- Cons ----Wonky Cameras (Controller)-Weird Keyboard & Mouse Controls (Controller Strongly Suggested)-Editting tool changes player position-Ghost plane severely impacts performance (DX9 & DX11)-Glitching to the surface when exploring a cave-Slightly poor optimization-!!!!!!!!! Player info transfers across all steam accounts on PC !!!!!!!!!--- Pros ----World generation is ALWAYS different-Requires creativity-Large variety of biomes-VERY large amount of blocks and varients-Direct X 9 & 11-Interaction between creatures & NPCs-Decision to fight monstors or not- Local Co-op support-$15.00 USDToday is June 15, 2016 and the game is in early access. It stil has a ton to work on, but it is worth playing!7/10 Would Recommend"
76561198132480271,Recommended,332310,16229314,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,NotSoLonelyRaven,"CANNOT wait for full game. ABSOLUTLEY AMAZING, 9/10 ONLY cause there arent ninjas and katanas yet. at least that ive found. XP"
76561198014869333,Not Recommended,332310,30737678,Posted: 25 March,all,(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻,"When I played LEGO as a kid, never once did I do a quest.  When I buy an early access game, I expect some change.  I don't expect them to ruin the game comletely."
76561198358080992,Not Recommended,332310,31912073,Posted: 22 May,all,jennagal03,"Can't play past the first level no matter how much I try to change the resolution. Truthfully, I wish I had watched the spawn point review because I feel like I wasted my money entirely. Even my son was horrified when I picked him up from school and told him I bought this because we couldn't buy a better made game instead of blowing our weekly budget on this. Sad to say because the idea was great, just poorly executed."
,Recommended,332310,30404658,Posted: 9 March,all,FreddyTheGamer3000,Really good game :D
76561198131237025,Not Recommended,332310,30403910,Posted: 8 March,all,nightwolf261280,"Well you have gone and cocked it up. This game had so much potential. Why add quests leave it alone. Can't do much, quests not working can't access gold blocks can't leave planet. Build option not available so you cant actually do anything. Complete waste of time and money."
76561198109421889,Not Recommended,332310,34819348,Posted: 8 September,all,rex1993,"thsi game did hawe an endless world and since people liked it, it was removed"
76561198161150607,Recommended,332310,35267048,Posted: 28 September,all,Richard and Mortimer,thank god I bought it in early access
,Recommended,332310,30398566,Posted: 8 March,all,"24"" personal spooky pizza 🎃","as someone who bought this day one, and played it on and off time to time, i'm more than happy with what it turned out to be. the community has shown  ungodly bias, too.pre-release: there's nothing to do, tt pls add stuffrelease: you have to do stuff to explore and have an actual goal tt y u do disim glad that there's stuff to do in the game, and while the things you have to do to obtain gold bricks are repetitive, i still manage to have fun in the game. this game isnotthe game i bought, and i'm glad.i understand if people want to jump head first into the sandbox mode, and i'd recommend they add an alternative mode, wherein you can do just that.however, lack of this option is no reason to ultimately destroy the game, reviewers complaining that you have to do things in order to be rewarded shows entitlement. they refuse to work for a reward, instead they want it handed to them. the premise was, and still is, an open world lego sandbox, it's just that things are locked because you have to work for them.i'm sure a majority of people who dislike this would much rather prefer a paid alternative, with the bias that's been shown, i'd venture to guess they'd ask for it,then complain about it.this game is magnificent, from the soundtrack, to the graphics, to the ability to do just about anything. i recommend it an incredible amount."
76561198146558013,Recommended,332310,18829103,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,strandedIV,you dont fail to make a good lego game so if i could i would give this game 9999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999 thumbs ups
,Recommended,332310,30392423,Posted: 8 March,all,Beerus (ಠ_ಠ)┌∩┐,When I first played this game it was amazingly boring! The V1.00 update sure has changed that.
,Recommended,332310,26708816,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Twicore,i killed a horse with a shovel in lego world and now i want to do it in real life
,Not Recommended,332310,30581774,Posted: 17 March,all,Starken,It used to be all right before its full release; now it is too restrictive and follows the more typical Lego game formula to a higher degree. It was pulled from early access too soon and still is not a finished game in my opinion. Reccomended only for fans.
76561198111350656,Not Recommended,332310,30534472,Posted: 15 March,all,shawn0zimmerman,"Well this is not a fun building game and a useless adventure game. So far its been a grind to get anywere and if the buggy game play don't ruin it the glitchy building will. Can accept the fact you got to grind 100 golden bricks to unlock the build part but to get there you got quest givers that don't give quests or they die from a random thing.Then when you finaly open up the world gen and try to build its a broken system. All the main building games got snap to attach were blocks auto aline but here its to floating so nothing lines up. Try to make a castle and the walls all are mismatch. And the world editing tools create head aches because nothing is documented. So its trial by error for the first few hours on how the tools work. And then the tools are glitchy like the copy tool that adds random blocks around what you selected then stuck with no wat to remove thoses peices.Then you got key features like undo that don't work so will spend most time flattenng a mistake. As it stands theres free to play games that are better with controls. And for the price this still plays like a broken alpha,. So best to leave this alone till they hammer out the bugs and get the controls working as it should.So over all best to avoid till its fixed and the features common in most building games are addressed."
76561198195728970,Not Recommended,332310,28515796,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Kendyll91,There's just not much to this game.
,Recommended,332310,16250954,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,PowderedMage,This game is AMAZING!!! I've only played it for about 3 hours & already love it just the exploration the way you build things. I would recommend buying this RIGHT NOW & if you can't as soon as it's fully released BUY IT!!! P.s If you can't tell I like lego
,Not Recommended,332310,29902652,Posted: 13 February,all,TheLegend27,"Seemed pretty interesting at first, but alas there is absolutely nothing to do in the game. No goal whatsoever. It's just like another worse version of minecraft. I had fun for the first few minutes until it became extremely tedious and I never played again."
,Not Recommended,332310,23703031,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,∆rvilla,"In just my small 2 hours of play, I have encountered SO MANY bugs and glitches the game is almost unplayable. I love Legos, and really wanted to give this a good review but I just can't. Don't buy it. It is a buggy mess."
76561198046884381,Not Recommended,332310,17486521,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Sam,nononnonononnono
,Not Recommended,332310,22073405,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,1000dumplings,Most boring game I've ever played. Most downloadable LEGO set makers are more fun to play than this.1/10
76561198028816619,Recommended,332310,22139109,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Thorlovesyou,"A great building amd exploring game that keeps getting better with every update! This is a dream come true for anyone who grew up loving legos. The game looks great and there is  lots of great AI animation. The controls are easy to get use to.  Lots of bricks , people, animals, and vehicals to work with. Now with multi-player (which I haven't tried yet). And it's still in early access so there's so much more to come (more bricks, people, nodes, etc.)! Also, you can import modals from Lege Digital Designer. Highly recommend if you love building with legos!!!"
,Recommended,332310,30388675,Posted: 8 March,all,[TEI] Sonny John,"I Love The Level Of Detail And Presentation That Went Into This, I Know Its Not The Sandbox The Early Access Was But The Narrator And Overall Polish Sells It For Me. Runs Extremely Well."
,Recommended,332310,26620571,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,diialer,"The worlds are plates and no globes. Almost like in reallife ^^Some people here found an eagle, some found a dragon and were riding them...I spawned on a cloud, jumped into the ocean, was riding an octopus, found a shark, was diving 30 minutes with shark. Thought it's time to get out of the water. Continued surfing the shark on the island:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=80043315912/10"
,Not Recommended,332310,32277286,Posted: 8 June,all,WolfHybrid23,"It used to be good. It also used to run on my laptop, but now it barely hits 5 frames per second on my high powered desktop. Tt you took a big step downwards."
,Not Recommended,332310,30396669,Posted: 8 March,all,Your Friendly Neighbor,I can't believe they Code}{atched us. Release a major patch and call it a final version... when it CLEARLY is not the case. It's FAR from finished.
,Not Recommended,332310,30407917,Posted: 9 March,all,Roskow,Annoying camera and buggy as hell.I get a massive lagspike when I get a gold brick.
,Recommended,332310,23540979,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,FaZe Crayon,Since they added multiplayer its been a blast!
,Recommended,332310,30382457,Posted: 7 March,all,Dave,The release version of LEGO Worlds is amazing. They did so much more than I had hoped with all that we saw during the Early Access period. This is a great game for ALL ages. I can't wait to see all the things in here!Definitely worth the money!
76561197975687041,Recommended,332310,23977115,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,[SCWM]Bruce,i have a mac but i cant play lego worlds on it plz update:(this update will reeeeallly heeeeellllppp thnx
,Recommended,332310,31168919,Posted: 15 April,all,Wolfdoggie,I wish I could fix my vehicle IRL by throwing bricks at it.
76561198369203484,Not Recommended,332310,30628951,Posted: 19 March,all,bdiggity69,"Lego Worlds for the pc needs a ton of work. If your patient through all the freezing and crashing you will make it to the end of the game. However the simple process of building bricks around a window can potentially shatter the window leaving the area bugged. Replacing the window will only result in further shattered windows...  Highly frustrating when at this point in the game (post 100 GBs), the only gameplay left is free-build. Which honestly leaves this game with no true objective in the end. Perhaps a few years of patch work will expand and improve this game, however I feel highly scammed when a wealthy company such as Lego dumps out this complete waste of our time and money.Update: I've played more of the game in an attempt to just simply have some fun, and the fun factor IS there. I've been a huge fan of Lego in general since i was young so naturally I'm going to play this game. Furthermore when the bugs are fixed such as the entire window catagory of objects, wall fixtures and placed creatures moving to random places after specifically placed, I will gladly suggest this game for potential new players who are considering playing the PC version of this game. However as of now these bugs are still present."
76561198206191619,Recommended,332310,25596815,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,arthurs30,awesome
,Recommended,332310,31568713,Posted: 5 May,all,INFINITEWARFAREPRO888,hi
76561198205585449,Recommended,332310,20884797,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,st00tp0tism,"This game is amazing and is fun, even though it's only early access. :P I would ABSOLUTELY not recommend this game to people who are REALLY antsy about lag (LAAAAAAAAG). I only have one downside besides the lag about this game. Sometimes when I put away a weapon, it crashes the game and if you're not careful, some progress would not be saved. That bothers me very much, but since it's still in progress, the game will be much better about that. Otherwise this game is terrific! I would recommend this to anyone who <3's building and exploring. I play it non-stop, hours on end, so be prepared for that."
76561198079618064,Not Recommended,332310,16916897,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,TheBrotherTroy,"i have only played a little, but please fix the camera angle.  If there is a first person option this game will be great.  The controls are very frustrating.  6/10"
,Recommended,332310,23700090,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Knight of The Holy Grail,Why are you looking at the reviews for!Just buy it!1000000000/10Would fly a dragon as a biker thourgh a junkyard again!Of course alot of work to still be done on this game but a have good hopes for it.
,Recommended,332310,34219911,Posted: 13 August,all,ZXC_V,broken.
,Not Recommended,332310,29565435,Posted: 29 January,all,DMX King,"Not what I expected, very hard to control and no good tutorial on the controls"
,Not Recommended,332310,19895082,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,John Doe,MULTIPLAYER DOES NOT WORK
76561198031370603,Recommended,332310,16249778,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,WillP,Amazing game with so much potential!!Just add first person view and you're on to a winner
76561198064977808,Recommended,332310,23111619,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,bustermaximus,"I've recently rediscovered this game, and I have to say, at this point, it has grown over the last year to become a pretty solid explore-and-build sandbox. Finding all the biomes, meeting all the npcs and creatures, and unlocking all the objects, vehicles, and little props is a fun process, and the payoff of having everything at hand when you begin to build is really satisfying.I think my favorite part is the fact that you can import builds from other players pretty quickly and painlessly, and you can use the official Lego Digital Designer program in conjunction with Lego Worlds to build things, and then import into the game. This is a game that screams for an active cooperative community who like to build and share with one another. As far as I can tell, that's what the developers are aiming for, too.The initial buzz of a year ago had quickly died down to barely a low hum, and it just seems like most people are waiting for this to get to a full release with online multiplayer. That's fair enough, but in its current state, the game already offers a lot of play value. If Lego Worlds can succeed at growing an active user base that is willing to share creations -- along with establishing a hub where people can go to do their sharing -- I think this game can become something great. It would be awesome for that sort of community to be cultivated somehow before the game reaches its full release. Right now, it feels like a bit of a hidden gem."
76561198205673215,Not Recommended,332310,16919978,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,ianopa1948,it is terible the game has so many glitches i have to get out the game about 5 times while playing this game regret
,Recommended,332310,16217531,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Lianne,"It's early access so hopefully things will change -Immediately it's easy to see what sort of potential this game has, it's very similar to other games in the LEGO series. Hopefully they continue to develop the worlds into awesome places. I also hope there will eventually be multiplayer.However, the game crashed twice within 8 mins of my playtime. Initially when trying to randomise the seed, and finally during play. My computer meets recommended specs so this is a pretty big negative.Also I kinda feel like maybe the worlds are a bit *too* shiny. I know they're meant to be plastic, but the shininess means a lot of colour information gets lost.I would still recommend this game though since it does seem like it could end up very cool, and I don't like the level of faff I have to go through to patch Minecraft and download texture packs again when I feel like playing."
,Not Recommended,332310,30605444,Posted: 18 March,all,Alyn,"Incredibly buggy, poor control scheme, random freezes for no apparent reason, and very limiting gameplay. I really want to love this game, and it could definitely become something amazing, but it's not worth playing yet."
76561198150786906,Not Recommended,332310,23691639,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,AsunderShoe113,dont start
,Recommended,332310,25387253,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,BOT Snev,i can't believe lego finally made the world's best game
,Not Recommended,332310,30429976,Posted: 10 March,all,Mr.LoL,I was rank 6 and my game randomly glitched out during a multiplayer sessionme and my friends progress got erased completelyTT should have learned how to make proper multiplayer before releasing this game.
,Recommended,332310,27073794,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gucci,Great fun to play while high.10/10
76561198142152300,Not Recommended,332310,23635985,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Weeb Trash,the graphics engine is now broken.. whenever i load in a block it goes really weird and black... never did that before
76561198090591328,Recommended,332310,25372017,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,High Tide Gaming,fd
76561198237294028,Not Recommended,332310,16877521,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,tony.tnt.500,Game is slow and laggy. Crashed more times than I can count. Made as many optimizing changes  as possible.Not a fan.
,Not Recommended,332310,28827250,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Swaded,LEGO WorldsGame StageScoreEarly Access6/10BetaTBDComplete/UpdatesTBD
,Not Recommended,332310,23964399,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,LinaBunBun,"Pros -Easy to understand gameplay mechanics and controlsCharming graphicsCons -Very little content, even compared to other LEGO titlesSimplistic mechanics that leave no interest for replayTiny part list to build from when making custom creationsNo moving parts or vehicles to buildWorlds are mostly empty terrainOverall -I was really hopeful - as a fan of Minecraft and other sandbox games, combining that concept with the LEGO brand seemed like a great idea.  However, there's very little heart here.  Prepare to be dropped into an empty, sparsely populated world with limited options to create within it.  This doesn't feel like LEGO - it feels like a poorly realized Minecraft clone.  I kept waiting for more content to come in patches, and it just hasn't happened (and may not ever happen).  I don't need any game I play to be constant stimulation, but in every sandbox game I've liked I've come across something that took my breath away; some beautiful vista, an interesting creature, a really cool premade structure ripe for customization.  In a game that pretends to be about creativity, seeing so much empty space and so little to fill it with just left me cold.I love LEGO - my husband and I still collect as adults - and I understand that games like this are meant for children.  However, I don't know of any child older than six who would be willing to put up with so much emptiness and boredom in a creativity-based game."
,Recommended,332310,22107999,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,1red86,Minecraft-y open-world LEGO game.
76561198045829057,Recommended,332310,22193543,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,SlyJacobTheBeast,"If you are thinking wether to buy this game or not:Step1) This is sandbox game (Lego fans heaven) - you can die, but you respawn instantly, so there is almost no drawback to it (I think you lose some coins, which is ingame currency for buying new models, weapons, vehicles etc.)Step2) It is early access, so of course, as almost every other EA game, you might want to wait till full release, although at it's current state, it's pretty playable and funStep3) LegoStep4) LegoStep5) Buy or not buyOptional step) Lego"
,Recommended,332310,20265973,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Overkill,"Great Lego game, son loves this just as much as Lego Marvells.My Score - 9/10"
,Recommended,332310,18313119,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,mr.burau,Cant not like this game. when they get online severs going. its going to be next level.
,Recommended,332310,17734742,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,MEYERUM,this is the Microsoft Sam of horseback riding
76561198046744603,Not Recommended,332310,17132967,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,bugsplat1,"PRO: Vast world, Inspired designs, interesting ""bio"", lots of random encounter and fauna. Tons of discovery to be made.....before the update.Then they updated the game play, trashed the open world for a bland serie of small space islands.Construction is more an unintuive pain than anything else. You spend lots of time trying to align blocks or clicking trough menus and it's not fun. A Fatal Flaw for a LEGO Block Game."
76561198200155111,Recommended,332310,30582922,Posted: 17 March,all,Broccoli,BEST. LEGO. GAME. EVER. the only suggestions i have are customizable spaceships and stuff but besides that AMAZING GAME
76561198111995330,Recommended,332310,16401102,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,SP SD-45 7400,Awsome game but i wish there was a workshop so pepole can poast there awsome bulds and for the game hey should add in u can build ur own car as long as u have weals
76561198145849128,Recommended,332310,16748145,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,El1teIceMan,this game is great IF you have a good computer not like myn
76561198093063020,Recommended,332310,16610191,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,FusionGaming,"In Lego Worlds you are free to do what you want, everything is at your fingertips. From the vast landscape, to the amusing characters and animals this game never ceases to be entertaining. Now there are some rumors out there that this game is very like a certain game where everything is blocky and was created by a certain man named Notch ;). I am here to tell you that Lego worlds is nothing like the game of Minecraft. Lego worlds works diiferently in these ways: (thought some of these may change with future updates) it is not a survival game; there is no crafting; you spawn things in using currency collected in game; and to build things you first have to discover them in the world. For example if you want to place down a certain... lest say plant, you will need to discover it first. Now go and play Lego worlds: Explore, build, discover. 7.5/10"
76561198317247575,Recommended,332310,26202388,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,RoseRumor9,"To quote idubbz ""Hey, that's pretty good!"" so basically this game is very good i'd recommend it to fans of Lego and Minecraft alike!"
76561198090295858,Not Recommended,332310,30411036,Posted: 9 March,all,abaynes9,Used to be be a good game and ran fine. Now it is terrible and unplayable lag every 1 second couldn't even land on island. This why i'm getting this game on ps4. I request a refund even though I bought it a year ago. Please fix the lag so I can play.
76561198012514261,Not Recommended,332310,30411533,Posted: 9 March,all,Seisho,Well I've read the latest comments and decided to look what all the fuss is about...In fact it is unplayable. It may was a bit slow at times before but now it is completely impossible for me to do anythingI will update my review if it changes but for now...don't bother buying it
76561198161478498,Not Recommended,332310,34089784,Posted: 7 August,all,puffpuffpinto,"Is it just me, or did everyone lose their game progress when lego worlds was updated and turned into a terrible game."
76561197971331535,Not Recommended,332310,30628374,Posted: 19 March,all,gcmorrison,"Since moving into ""Published"" this game has had constant save game loss issues.The controler does not work on the map, you need a mouse to double click other planets.The load screen now freezes up when traveling to other planets.Overall the game is less stable when when it was in Early Access.It is worth less than the $15 Early Access price.  It has more features but they don't work as well as the Early Access version.  Another blemish on the Early Access system."
76561198201424299,Recommended,332310,19732642,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Tedo3,GREAT!
76561198097767177,Recommended,332310,16361308,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,TheGingerNinja,awesome
76561197989722622,Not Recommended,332310,28187069,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,ste s,its quite boring tbh not much to do really
76561198287874517,Recommended,332310,22852427,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,AndrePlaysYT,This game is a cool game
76561198195833681,Recommended,332310,16216044,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,ManuelPlays,Can you put this game as a mulitplayer game?
76561198034133864,Recommended,332310,23719928,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Theres a spider in my guitar,Game glitched and camera zoomed in on a elephants♥♥♥♥♥10/10
76561198064803938,Recommended,332310,16676530,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Yoshi,"Thats a good game, has lot of pótencial.Things i didn't like: NPC are only for skinsNo survival mode. ( It kind lose fun if only creative stuff)I didn't find any pre generated buildings, like dungeons or even cities with NPCsWater effect could be a lot betterThe game has some king of BUG if you reach the driller to the water.Things I really like: Riding animals!It's is a imagination limited gameIt's a LEGO, i hope it will get better and better with the upcoming updatesIt has the most complete creation sistem i've ever seen, all kinds of blocks."
,Recommended,332310,22379003,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,cowbomb28,My childhood dream...I loved lego when I was a kid. This game brought back my childhood.
,Recommended,332310,17510749,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,jjnet123,Its like lego and minecraft did crack together and made this magnificent child.
76561198125621444,Recommended,332310,19968766,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Bergentrückung,Mobile de ihtiyacımız var!Yeni gelen (şuan betada) Update 4 güncellemesiyle oyuna yeni tuğlalar (artık X-Wing'imi yapabileceğim :) ) ve 2 oyuncuyu destekleyen SplitScreen multiplayer geldi.Eğer bir lego hayranıysanızAlınOynayın.
,Recommended,332310,22644865,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,That_One_JoeyClaire,This is an amazing game! it's not like you can't do this IRL but in virtual gaming it's better! Such a good game!10/10Still wished it had online multiplayer....
76561198120522315,Recommended,332310,17321755,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,DJ,"This has to be one of the most promising, best early access games that there is on Steam.  I would recomend it to everyone because who doesn't want to fly around a world made of lego on a dragon and shot fire balls."
76561198348879194,Recommended,332310,30753239,Posted: 26 March,all,Spaced Out Master,Great game until latest update I lost all file privilages and I cant play now. Help me solve the proplem!
,Recommended,332310,16448324,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Frank1519,great game still exploring it
,Recommended,332310,16253499,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Dashoon,You can ride a dog as a yeti and punch a warlock. This game is gr8/8
,Recommended,332310,16674220,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Rigbot,i will rate 200/10
76561197991816198,Recommended,332310,22430492,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Splattered_Cat,This game seems amazing. Most of my time played was offline. The games way of building is a bit difficult to grasp but still a lot of fun and very powerful. I look forward to continuing to play it as it develops.
,Recommended,332310,28253394,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Astolfo,Minecraft but in Lego version
,Not Recommended,332310,31070980,Posted: 10 April,all,Landlocked_Pirate,Controls are worthless. The game can't decide if it should be played with a controller or a keyboard and mouse. Some things require the mouse to do like removing a misplaced brick. But some things are better with the controller like closing the menu. Of course navigating the menu is slow and painful in itself.I didn't spend much time in this game because the controls were torture but here are some of the annoying features you will can look forward to with this game.1. Fighting the camera as it attempts to level itself every time you move.2. Swapping items through the clever use of a selector wheel except... Did you select it? Didn't you? Did you? You'll never know for sure but be prepared to open that wheel more than once every time you change tools.3. Freezing in place after every little accomplishment. AI: Here's some studs as a reward for doing that task. Enjoy watching them disappear while I keep talking.I will come back to this game. For now I don't have time for this crap. Play at your own risk.
,Recommended,332310,16177545,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,ma`shtei,"* found a helicoptor* landed it on top of a pyramid* went inside pyramid* snuck past all the skeletons* looted the big chest: found a fish* proceeded to throw fish around* spent 5 minutes chasing after a sheep* mounted a horse stuck in a treeLEGO/10; would still search for dragon again!edit: some people are having lag issues.  i loaded this on my SSD and have not had issues.  12GB RAM, i7 something-or-other"
,Recommended,332310,16667026,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Blackshirt39,This game has a lot of potential. Devs are being very open and transparent about their plans for this game. I can't wait to see what's next!
76561198212134477,Recommended,332310,26601780,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Ihascandy,"SUPER fun, especially for big fans of lego like myself. I love how each world is unique and my faverioute thing to do on the game is probably hunt for treasure chests. One thing I would say is please make this a bit more ""Keyboard"" Compattible. I don't know if it still does this because I haven't played it in a while, but when you select your character, it spawns you as another one and also you can't scroll sideways to see more characters or worlds."
,Recommended,332310,16160490,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,The Shyster Meister,THE WHOLE WORLD IS MADE OF LEGOHELL TO THE YEAH
,Recommended,332310,16954207,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Cute anime chick,You can literally do anything you want.
,Recommended,332310,19897183,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,cabostein1™ 🆅🅰🅻🆅🅴,"My childhood is back, *tears*11/10 Game of the year mlg 360 noscopeReally buy it!Its fun to play solo, or with a pal :)"
,Recommended,332310,30407763,Posted: 9 March,all,-mushinbush-,"There are some display setting bugs,sometimes after changing resolution , the resolution became strange.Fun to play with friends."
76561198374085987,Not Recommended,332310,30588549,Posted: 18 March,all,rita.teece,my game keeps crashing every time i try to load up the world  ;<
,Recommended,332310,16124621,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,racist mario,we have come full circle
,Recommended,332310,23612659,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,The DERPinator,"Experience so far:-gets in-stacks a ton of things-calls it ""clustermountain""-climbs to top-makes hole in top- jumps down hole-is stuck-gets unstuck-adventures more-falls down some kind of shaft-finds balcony-is hole in balcony-squezes through hole-inside giant lego character-finds hole-climbs through hole-falls down another shaft-finds red wall-blows up wall-behind is a barn-stays in barn10/10 would blow up wall again"
,Recommended,332310,16225687,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Roland,"Explore, Create, and Adventure out into an entire world of lego bricks.Early Access? Shouldn't be!!!, This game is already SOOOO big, you couldn't fit it all on a 3 page document!!!!!!"
,Recommended,332310,16302955,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,421/Sam5mith,love it!
76561198060451149,Recommended,332310,30377417,Posted: 7 March,all,NovemberSquid,"I really enjoy this game. It's casual, beautiful, and it lives up to the virtual LEGO environment that I was hoping it would be. I like the integration of vehicles, customization, multiplayer, and, of course, the brick-by-brick building aspect. With time, patience, and imagination, this game has endless possibilities and countless hours of development, exploration, and creativity.Overall rating: 7.5/10 (over time I am sure it will increase)Pros:- SO MANY LEGOS- Sturdy multiplayer integration- A lot of customization- Smooth gameplay and immersive landscape- LEGOS- Fun to casually pick up and playCons:- Lacks direction (missions, storyline, end goal, etc.)- Doesn't have public servers for MMO (a feature that isn't necessary but would be pretty cool)Final word:All in all, I enjoy this game and plan to invest many more hours into it (only have 4 so far)."
,Recommended,332310,16333173,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,miles networth,"unexpectedly beautiful, not yet that much gameplay, still hella fun"
,Recommended,332310,24173033,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,CRW,needs bionicles and workshop
,Recommended,332310,22749310,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Comrade,its k
76561198303318764,Recommended,332310,27984736,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,BricBro2,"This game is the best for lego fans, or even fans of building games in general, as well as fans of open-world-gaming, but after a while you realize... there's a bit of a breeze with all those fans...??? 😋In all seriousness this highly-advanced-physical-open-world-Application is therefore much needed...In other worlds 😋 I recommend it 👍👍"
,Recommended,332310,16829073,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,victor,9/11 you can ride goats in this game
76561198042781058,Recommended,332310,27228235,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,✅Def!led✅,"Good so far, it has some bugs and glitches but overall it can be fun playing with a friend."
,Recommended,332310,31257876,Posted: 20 April,all,your_happy_pill,10/10
,Recommended,332310,16150290,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Red,YES.
76561198247720906,Not Recommended,332310,21629740,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,lil boat,it sucks balls
,Not Recommended,332310,22177016,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,kaj150,"Boring game. No point of playing it, nothing to do. It is advertised as survival game (like minecraft) , guess what - you can't die there so what kind of survival is it?"
76561198242975678,Recommended,332310,23325566,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,t.freestone,the day i got the game i was shock how amazing site
76561198224731900,Not Recommended,332310,17047979,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,FrozenGhost,"The draw distance is too low right now, the boat can go faster than the water can be generated on screen so I fall off the edge of the world, don't buy this game until it's fixed some of these issues."
,Not Recommended,332310,18327266,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Constanse du Toit,"11/10 - would go on a murderous rampage with a dragon again! Everything is awesome, however I do wish that they would add customizable capabilities to vehicles - I would really like to build my own car..."
,Not Recommended,332310,17617014,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,TheStrangeBoom,i would recomend this game but i only reason i dont think its very good is beacause its not multiplayer it would be much more fun if you could play with you freinds and build really cool things it would be much much better but other than that it is a pretty good game for a lego game but i do think if they did add multiplayer it would be a lot like minecraft so if you like single player bad minecraft than you should get this but its not that fun at the moment...
,Recommended,332310,23542047,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Jebuds,"Beta Feedback:Excellent work on the multiplayer! Its a bit annoying to keep having to turn on multiplayer every time though.The multyiplayer also crashes very readily when loading the world.The first person view is nice, but its very difficult to turn and would do better if the view was mapped to the mouseOverall:Extremely good concept and impressive beta release! My only worry is that its going to head the way of LEGO Universe with factions/stories/LEGO hosted servers that will get shut down."
,Recommended,332310,30417771,Posted: 9 March,all,Tronic,Amazingly fun.
76561198194669146,Recommended,332310,21285751,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Technetium,FUN
,Recommended,332310,20801180,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,MrGrapeGaming,"I spawned in for the first time and the first thing I saw was a cute little pup just sitting there. I wanted to pat him, but I accidentally punched the poor thing to death.10/10 Would pay respect again."
,Recommended,332310,30413546,Posted: 9 March,all,mobslayer3333,I use to love this game and still do but it runs so bad I cant play it anymore its sad I loved it and played almost every day but  now I cont Plz help me with some proformace updades if I had A good computer I recomend this game.   dont look at my bad spelling plz
,Not Recommended,332310,17188540,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Patrick Bateman,"Pretty boring to be honest, I hope I can get a refund.*UPADTE*I couldn't.**Pretty boring in its CURRENT stage, I hope to God they add more features to it, no goal or adventure really."
76561198172442958,Not Recommended,332310,17182411,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,davidbakerawe,-10 not what i was praying for
76561198141528426,Not Recommended,332310,18329061,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,noodlebukkit,THE FREEKING GAME SUCKS
76561198204171189,Not Recommended,332310,16824191,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,shadowcodking,this game is cool and all but it crashes and it lags a whole bunch PLZ FIX
76561198208925141,Not Recommended,332310,17236671,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,tamaraskana,game wont load up
76561198274173037,Not Recommended,332310,20803593,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,unkown40162,Not to much fun
76561198039536479,Not Recommended,332310,22357375,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Odd,"Very, very disappointing game.The most striking issue is how difficult and tedious it is to build with bricks. Completely broken, not worth wasting time on. Which is a shame, because that's all there is to the game.The camera movement is clumsy and the controls are awkward.Interactions with NPCs are not working. Only hitting things seems to work. With the same outcome every time. Boring.Running on highest settings the lego pieces still look wrong, and the figurines are bendy in all the wrong places. The main character's legs look like they were melted and glued back on. Can't imagine lego has had any say in the game design.In summary, the game seems to have been designed by a committee of two-year-olds. Not very bright ones, either.Do not buy."
,Not Recommended,332310,22257411,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Slysoaringcobra,this is hard then the game shut down when ever i load a world
76561198295489403,Not Recommended,332310,22326959,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,edcollinsbge,"Hello folks,I liked that I was able to built sections with Lego bricks;That I was able to design my own minifigure;That I was able to drive vehicles  and ride animals;I like the Lego furniture.I disliked what appear to be a error/glitch  building a house, when after saving  the game file and reopen,  the windows disappeared .When the minifigure in the game crash vehicles into buildings and the building smash.I currently wouldn't recommend the game but with some improvements and patches , I think I  would be able to recommend the game to others.Thanks,Regards,Ededwin."
76561198268910667,Not Recommended,332310,23662412,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,cadgetboy2,whene i played it every thing was cool but what pisses me of is there is nothing called survival if u die u dont lose any thing except coins and its so hard to die like only 10% out 90% you can die if the monesters really tried there is no crafting u can get every thing by just touching it there is motivation for me i liked the graphics i liked u can ride all sort of animals biomes i would like the game alot of the devs added survival and space biomes that would  be awesome and it would be so good if they added better monesters ranged ones bosses
,Recommended,332310,23690231,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Tarma,"Yes, this game is another successful game in the Lego franchise. But, for an early access game, the developers don't really seem to be listening to what the people want. I would highly recommend that they fix that other wise I fear that the game may soon decend into the abyss of forgotten games."
76561198279205147,Recommended,332310,23316051,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,AllHailGhostbusters,"I play this in local co-op mode with my 4 and 6 year olds (who also play this on their own almost non-stop - it's like Steam crack) and it's fantastic (not the crack part - the game itself - crack is bad).  The creativity afforded in the game is wonderful and the graphics are great.  It was a little buggy originally but recent patches have fixed all the issues we originally encountered.  Yes, there are no goals to the game *at all*, but my kids just want to build, build, build so that is no problem whatsoever.  I can play it for an hour or two at a time and don't have an issue with it either - but it's not something that (currently) you can just sit with and play endlessly as an adult for that reason.  Unless you don't get out much.  Or you have some sort of weird Lego fetish.  All in all, it's been 1000% worth it for myself and my kids."
,Recommended,332310,23559479,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Lil Benno,"Very nice! I absolutely LOVE the graphics in this game. I actually wish they did something like this in Lego Star Wars or those other games: instead of having ""realistic"" textures for main floors and stuff, having Legos actually be everything! All it needs now is Multiplayer... :P"
76561198145009521,Recommended,332310,23637949,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,LoganStomper,I love legos and thats all I'll say and this game is great. I think if multiplayer was added then there would be so much to do because maybe call the multiplayer like multi-figs or something simple! I spent my 14.99 and I believe it was worth it.
,Recommended,332310,27686980,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ianstyp spooktacular,Is this the greatest game ever made?Yes
,Not Recommended,332310,22427954,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Scallywag,Not even multiplayer
76561198199488730,Not Recommended,332310,17866994,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Ozborgs,"Well, basically it's just a rip off of Minecraft. I wonder if the creators of this game did that on purpose? I am also disappointed that the game is not multiplayer, because it is so boring that playing with others is the only fun thing. I truly feel like I wasted $15."
,Recommended,332310,23562824,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,lDeadlyIllusion,"I played this game, and gives to the player all the possibilities to build everything and have fun, but the game needs online multiplayer servers or play with your friend or personal servers."
76561198131400989,Recommended,332310,23103025,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,EMPEROR-GUY,Lego minecraft. Good game. nuff said
76561198339402798,Recommended,332310,30399108,Posted: 8 March,all,tc.stepien,its a pretty good game lots of creativity you can build anything you want.
,Recommended,332310,30399861,Posted: 8 March,all,Labyrinth,"I'm enjoying it. Has more purpose to what you're doing with these little added ""quests"" unlike it's early access version. The building tools take a little getting used to in terms of controls (I actually suggest using a controller for this game) but they're as precise as you'd want them. They seem to have implemented ideas very reminiscent of other games like astroneers and portal knights with terraforming tools and the ability to travel from world to world via menu respectively. I welcome these new additions because it keeps you moving along so instead of you trying to MAKE something to do for yourself there's things to do all over the place you just have to do them! Also you'd ASSUME (like I did) that crafting and building in this game would be better with a mouse and keyboard? Well surprisingly enough I don't think this is the case. After struggling with the keyboard and mouse controls trying to get a hang of the building tools I decided to try a controller. Man is it ever day and night difference...With a controller the controls are a little more intuitive no doubt from them having consoles in mind when developing this update and as for movement it plays about the same as any other lego game so you'll feel right at home.Long story short...If you love lego and love crafty/buildy type games (minecraft, portal knights, astroneers etc) then there's a good chance you'll enjoy this :)"
76561198263758643,Not Recommended,332310,21611826,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Super Coop,The unistall button was the only thing i got to work on this fabulous game.
76561198158633271,Recommended,332310,25915049,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,minerxz7,awesome fun and multiplayer !!!!
,Not Recommended,332310,20534557,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,MickGuideLines,"This game was fun for the first ten minutes, but then you realize it is like a ♥♥♥♥♥ier version of minecraft, where there is no goal, and nothing to keep you playing."
,Recommended,332310,30385021,Posted: 7 March,all,thoromyr,"This is a mixed bag, but I still think it is worth it. At least, at the early access price. For the full release a lot of content was added. A brief introduction to the game in a small world so you can't get too lost. Did I mention a *lot* more content?But... it crashes. A lot. It glitches. A lot. Like the minimap disappearing without any way to get it back. The text associated with the discovery tool disappearing. Without any way to get it back. This is particularly bad as you need the text to know if what it is selecting is something you have or not. And the tool has a hard time discriminating between things. And did I mention the crashing?Completing the intro was harder than it should have been. For example, the duplicate mission. Unlike every other button in the game, you have to double click the save after selecting the object. And, unlike the last beta, you cannot actually add/remove bricks from the selection. And trying to makes it glitch so you can't save the model. Outside of the bugs, the information provided is more of a reminder for someone who has actually completed the mission than informative for a first time player.And once the introduction is completed you are dumped into a world where there are many quests, but you cannot complete any of them. One guy wants cherries, the pig wants a carrot, someone else wants dynamite and so on and so forth and you can't get any of it. The game allowed one quest that involved placing some props -- but if they were props I had then I couldn't tell from the small images on the quest billboard that flickered up and down as the quest giver hurried away from me. There are caches of dynamite, but you cannot collect a stick from them. And the quest tree means you cannot get items for a quest because you haven't completed some other unknown quest.And this is where the crashing started in earnest. I'm stuck at 140,000 studs because it crashes so quickly. In fact, it crashes so often that I spend more time waiting for the game to start and loading the world than I do playing in it.The green guys with gold bricks are cute, but... mostly the game simply crashed during the chase, but once it went on for a while. Long enough for it to hit water (where you can't catch them anyway) and swimming after the critter simply went over the edge. So did I, but I managed to grab the side of the world and climb after him. Turns out he can walk on the ground edge that is under water, but if you try you start swimming and inevitably fall off the edge of the world again.However, despite all of its rough edges, crashes and dodgy behavior it is still fun. I have hope that they will address the <60 seconds to crash play time that prevails in the non-intro worlds."
76561198305197261,Recommended,332310,26605753,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,CheeseHair,this game is really fun and is a sandbox game
76561198169219636,Recommended,332310,26619361,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,PLUMBUS,coool game eeeeeeeeee
,Recommended,332310,23643630,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,mr meatball,one of my favorite open world games <3
,Recommended,332310,16196457,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Lunii,Needs multiplayer and better camera controls to be perfect!
,Recommended,332310,30381708,Posted: 7 March,all,Ninjayツ,"Ive been playing this game since early accses, and it is SO much better now! run so much smoother, way less bugs so the game is actually way more playable and not broken all the time. so happy this game is finally out, Love playing with Lego a lot."
,Recommended,332310,20738487,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,nothing,"hi y mama here and to day im gunna review LEGOWORLDSlego worlds is a single player sandbox game with lego graphics(duh) and fun game play with loads of charicters, wepions, and biulding supplies its fun relaxing and you can expand your imagination like in minecraft if you like buiilding you can build anything if you like exploring this game has a lot of exploring like piaramids under water runes and caves you can do stunts fights build explore and more in legoworldsp.s. this is probibly one of my favorite games9/10"
76561198186818870,Recommended,332310,33823626,Posted: 26 July,all,RearedOcean742,"I have played this game for HOURS!!! this game is so fun that I almost wanted to tell everyone in the WHOLE WORLD about it! Lego worlds reviews for PC: graphics 8/10, gameplay 9/10, multiplayer 10/10. OVERALL: 8/10, That is my NEW review for Lego Worlds. Remember, ...... KEEP ON GAMING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198304458544,Recommended,332310,25575348,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,frederickchris,LEGO WORLDS IS THE BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,332310,24695758,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Brian,SO much better now that ive upgraded to a new computer. My old laptop made it lag out too much. now its smooth and pretty.
,Recommended,332310,28390169,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,A dingus,really good i love it
,Recommended,332310,29922496,Posted: 14 February,all,Fragkeeper,"It's great I have some new items you could add:alian,dual weild for sword and shield purposes, flaming arrow bow, dinosaurs (ridable), for beta multiplayer make it so you can actualy unlock new characters, dinosaur but it's a character you can be. I have many other ideas so whenever you are thinking of an update I'll post about it on my channel It's not big but maybe you can help me with that. It's not a bribe or anything, I personally would like to see many more things in Lego Worlds."
,Not Recommended,332310,17124511,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,LouieThePug | CSGO-Coins.com,It will crash all the time.... Dont play it. its a glitchy mess
,Not Recommended,332310,17123399,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,peeslosh,"Building in LEGO worlds is a pain in the a s s. You have to align the piece to where you want it, rotate it (if necessary), and place it. Doesn't sound so hard, except for when you build any slightly large structure, it gets to be a pain very quickly. You'll place a piece, undo. Place, undo. On and on. While the building mechanics aren't perfect, and very much like Lego designer, the exploration part of the game is very cool. But with the game being lego and all, I thought that being able to build any nice looking house/base should be rather easy, like minecraft or terraria. Kinda disappointed."
,Recommended,332310,16508195,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Rachnera Arachnera,Best game ever don't question anything just buy itThe only issues are the bugs and thos will be ironed out in time
76561198059124797,Recommended,332310,30464626,Posted: 11 March,all,Peter Plays,Very goodI like it because it looks/feels like a real lego game but they should fix the lag on multiplayer though anyways I give it 4 stars
76561198045489267,Recommended,332310,16767746,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,jolly6100,its ok for what it trys but im gone wait for it to optemaist a bit more
,Recommended,332310,16764386,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,TheOsama27,very good
,Recommended,332310,16766523,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,DangerOwlYT,"The game is AMAZING, its like this is your own story! I am Just amazed!"
,Recommended,332310,30518732,Posted: 14 March,all,Cheebus,Amazing!!!
,Recommended,332310,29848955,Posted: 11 February,all,DHL4812,I need workshop!The game is so bring now!But i support lego..I want the future 10GB game!
,Recommended,332310,24775860,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,fluff,"One, proably the best Lego game on Steam.I still don't know what to write."
,Recommended,332310,25460431,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Samcity,Yourwetdreams
76561198197090499,Recommended,332310,28302965,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,BrokenAxle95,"As a life long Lego fanatic, I honestly wasnt expecting much from this game. So, I paid the low $15. At first I wasnt too impressed, yeah, the fact that the entire world was made from Lego bricks was amazing, not like the other Lego games when the environments are made to look ""more real."" I played it for an hour and got bored. That was six months ago. So, I was bored today, booted up ""Lego Worlds,"" and, with the new update, its pretty good, for $15. It takes time to get used to the controls and brick placing tools, but, once you get the hang of it... you can make just about anything. 8/10 In my opinion. I just hope the when it leaves early access in Feb2017, I hope that I dont have to pay for the full version, Lego did mention that us early players would get ""A special surprise."" And, with the ""Sets"" tab in game... That looks like it may become a DLC thing... just my hunch though. But, for $15... if you like Legos, its worth it. Whos says Legos are for kids? (Says the motrcycle riding, gun owning welder.)"
,Recommended,332310,30637919,Posted: 20 March,all,TellBoy,Best lego game in the world a must have for all that love lego :)
,Recommended,332310,22120687,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,daemonnnn,Just an amazing game and a great experience! It's truly unique and every update makes it more amazing and more in depth!
76561198123088289,Recommended,332310,22131709,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Anicorn,The game is interesting but wish it was a little more free with the building portion. Can only make premade structures.Come on guys you are competing with things like minecraft act like it.
,Recommended,332310,22215307,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Dank memer,Lego comes to minecraft
,Recommended,332310,22212475,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Saber,"This is an amazing game, even in its beta form. Everything about it is spectacular. The render distance is a little low, but otherwise the graphics are great. The exploration is amazing, and the unlocks for characters, vehicles, and parts is well designed. My one complaint, however, is that the huskies kill everything. I tried to have a nice enclosure with all the animals, but in under a minute, the huskies had killed every other animal!! What is going on here?? I understand huskies being aggressive, but 2 huskies taking down a herd of horses?! How is this happening? Fix this Lego! Fix this now!"
,Recommended,332310,22111247,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,HerrSchäfer,"If you loved any of the old lego games like Lego starwars, lego Indiana Jones, or any of their city builders then this game will bring back so much nostalgia. I used to play those games on DS all the time and we even have tubs and tubs of legos that were my entire childhood. This game in no way is only for kids, its for anyone who loves or loved lego."
,Recommended,332310,22139234,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Yαsilu,It's OK.5/7
,Recommended,332310,22148850,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Jimmy Neutron lookin ass,childhood complete
,Recommended,332310,22202280,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Lootron,"Ah yes. AH YES. IT IS IS WHAT IT IS.GAMEPLAY: 8/10 Comments: Awesome. Think of a unlimted lego set. Can get broing sometimes.Graphics: 10/10 Comments: Depends on what your settings are,but since it IS a Lego game you shouldnt really care.Sound 10/10: I love that bricking noiseOpen-World 10/10: Minecraft Quality open world. You cant get any better.My Personal comments: Thank you for the unlimted Lego set. for what, 15$? totes worth it. DO IT! JUST DO IT! JUS GET THE GAME! Although it CAN get boring and you will never find the infinite amount of item,its worth it."
76561198160957568,Recommended,332310,22215433,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Dumbo_The_Duck,multiplayer
76561198123043775,Recommended,332310,22269637,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Mr.VladPoopin,This is a very good game and I would reccomend it and a good nostolgia game :P
76561198199891165,Recommended,332310,22130556,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,0o.penguinhancock.o0,Great Game
76561198170281086,Recommended,332310,22133926,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,vinefj,it needs more frikin content
,Recommended,332310,22240249,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Usay play 2,Best lego game ever. A bit lagy doe
76561198238185402,Recommended,332310,23059473,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,БАБА КАПА,It may lag if you have a old computer like me. But it is fun for the most part. Just play it to see. If you like MineCraft you well like this.
76561198188729905,Recommended,332310,22139199,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Mystic Owl,its AWESOME I CAN RIDE DRAGONS AND EAGALS :D
,Recommended,332310,23032751,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Nightfury,Great game that still requires some work but overal very good. My son loves this game. 8/10 . Cant wait to see what the game will be like after early access.
76561198268566764,Not Recommended,332310,32818663,Posted: 26 June,all,TheDogIsHere,Honest  opinion  this is fun at the start but after like 1 hour you get bored what do you do  you have all the tools then your bored garrys mod is a better sandbox game . if you expect it to be like lego dimensions then you made the same mistake as me
76561198029425374,Not Recommended,332310,32377427,Posted: 12 June,all,Riht,"When I first bought this game, it worked just fine.  Recently, I decided to boot it up again and now the game is stuttering constantly.  It runs the same with any and all graphical settings.  And yes, I updated my graphics driver."
76561198391225583,Not Recommended,332310,32096085,Posted: 31 May,all,barf,it wont let me play it
,Recommended,332310,19182563,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,remmy,"This is a very great, fun game but I would recomend waiting around 2016 (I don't know the full date) because there are many glitches and things need to be added so yea."
,Recommended,332310,16666185,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,aimee,"Fun.If you want Lego to deviate from all the franchise stuff and get back to just plain Lego centric games, this is that game.Positives-Beautiful world, beautiful biomes, beautiful graphics.So much variety there's almost too much you could do.Fun, silly combat, like the Lego games we've come to know and love.Explore to find anything new you want to unlock and use, be it minifigures, props, items, vehicles, animals, etc.Endless worlds, great world generation, great for aesthetic.FIFTEEN DOLLARS??? ONLY???And all of that goes so deep, I'm sad that the negative list is longer.Negatives-Lonely. It's quite a shame to explore such beautiful worlds and not be able to share the fun with others. However, this is a planned feature for the future.Bland. Exploration is heavily stressed, and it's definitely more fun than settling down.Lacking. The only things you can do right now are explore, build, and spawn pre-built structures.Empty. NPC's just spawn freely, usually 2 types to one biome, and they have no relation to the biome itself. Also, the only structures you will come across are single buildings, usually very small and with no NPC's set to spawn inside them.The combat is pretty good, but you kill most enemies in four hits, their AI for combat is sub-par, but I guess combat isn't a focus of this game in the first place.The camera controls could be better, as could the building interface. Also, there should be a way to create, import and export your own models. (STEAM WORKSHOP SUPPORT?????)There needs to be more things like:Minigames, like racing vehicles.Towns that are generated with the biomes, with NPC's assigned to own specific buildings, and give you requests possibly? Like fetch quests. 'My dog lost his bone, blah blah blah go find it.'Maybe some mode that was less focused on exploration, like a zombie survival mode? Heh.But alas, it's a beautiful game, and even if this was the complete edition, it'd be worth 15 bucks. Maybe more. It's Early Access too, so any bugs there are will be fixed, as with most of the problems I addressed in my Negatives section.I rode a dragon to a sky fortress and killed skeletons using a rocket launcher. 9/10 would ride again."
,Recommended,332310,29478233,Posted: 25 January,all,ian.c.langdale,ITS POSSIBILITYS ARE ENDLESS !
,Recommended,332310,26496217,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Justin Hinds & The Dominoes,"its a bit weird at this stage, but it has a lot of potential and no choking hazards"
76561197999270454,Not Recommended,332310,30445799,Posted: 11 March,all,Lord_Heman,No. Just no. Extremely poor controls and overall just confusing gameplay.
,Recommended,332310,28926543,Posted: 1 January,all,darrinthehunn,Amazing Game.
,Recommended,332310,24544998,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Dick Fury,"Its just like playing with real legos, except you dont have to clean up afterwards"
,Recommended,332310,25655945,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,matthewmorris01,"I really enjoyed this game for the most part. One thing to point out is if you want to play this game on a laptop of some sort, I recommend turning down the graphics down to reduce overheating. I played this on a Macbook Pro and had to turn down the graphics and resolution quite a bit. Overall, definitely a game worth buying."
,Recommended,332310,30140598,Posted: 24 February,all,IsaiahTSE / TheShinyEmeralds,"Lego Worlds is the best game I ever played! It is a whole world made out of Lego! I have he free exploration that beats out Minecraft! You have the freedom to build new stuff, and discover new characters and new animals. 2-Players and Controler support are looking high for this awesome Lego game! I so recommend this game! You gotta play this, it is a must-play!!!"
76561198178595847,Not Recommended,332310,19562503,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,GhostBusta,"If you are a person that likes lego game, buy this game. Personally i didnt enjoy this game, that is why i put i do not recommend this game, but if you are a lego gamer then this game is probally for you."
,Not Recommended,332310,33800376,Posted: 25 July,all,[TDBH]Tetrumo[MAGA],"The trailer makes the game look more awesome than it really is. It's far from being about exploration, or going on actual adventures. Sorry, but I've already moved on to Brick Rigs. The game, more or less, that Lego Worlds should have been."
,Recommended,332310,29786995,Posted: 8 February,all,MrPL5 kill -> hellcase.com,"I like lego games. This game is very specific, its not lego star wars, lego jurasic park etc. Its diffrent, something simular to Garrys Mod. I bought this game when it was 3,4 weeks after relase. It change A LOT, and I think its better. I remember when this game was a lot of cheeper, but still good :)"
,Recommended,332310,20763502,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Gluth,"Mostly water, lands almost always starts with high mountains (unlikely in real world). It is hard to find any chest on land, there is lot's of them under the water in ruins and ships (protip: skeleton can walk under water). Caves are almost always empty like lands, there is no city like areas - mostly trees and bushes.But:- you can explode everything (if you have dynamite)- you can drill caves (with driller)- you can ride dragon (it is painfully slow, but throws fireballs)I have rided forest with squid, got stuck in cave, exploded my way out to the surface, got stuck again, got thrown into air, landed on cloud, pickaxed cloud, placed road on cloud.Would pickaxe clouds again."
76561198273023951,Recommended,332310,29142453,Posted: 9 January,all,Dorianyescas1,Pure awesomeness!
76561198067777069,Recommended,332310,16982263,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,TWOHAMMERS,maybe some one can help me out on how to configure this game just installed had a glimpse of the start menu and thats it.... other wise my computer is searching for the right way to display it and derps out fopr lack of abetter term.
,Recommended,332310,30379850,Posted: 7 March,all,Xx_OOF_xX,"its such a fun game! I love lego games and trying to 100% complete them. This game isn't a traditional lego game, but it's an amazing game. Download it and you will not have a bad time! It lags a little on my computer, but I don't have a gaming computer."
,Recommended,332310,30379677,Posted: 7 March,all,ImaRobit,Its just REALLY fun. Nothing else to say :)
,Recommended,332310,16471467,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Mongoosey,"Fun for the whole family! Easy enough for a four-year-old to enjoy, and challenging enough for a forty-year-old with 35 years of video-game-playing experience."
,Recommended,332310,16281506,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Maw,"A true LEGO game, that looks to be in the style of a survival Minecraft-esq. genre.What more could you want?"
76561198122730677,Recommended,332310,16751943,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,ZDRAGON,this game is like minecraft but with alot more!
76561198200808329,Recommended,332310,16312962,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Mine_Man2005,i love is it is beter than minecraft it is sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo awsome
,Recommended,332310,16705968,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,JakeGamerGr,So..Lego Worlds..Yeah...As i have seen a loto of videos about the game..it is a very good game.Unfortunately for me after a few minutes as i joined the world it....CHRASESOf curse its a very good game and i hope they will if the bugs
,Recommended,332310,21515426,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Bender The Offender,My childhood is complete.
76561198078310980,Recommended,332310,16251363,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,MichaelZMX,ok so i can describe it like this1 launched the game and chose a world2 Sky Drived like a boss into world3 Landed on a cloud4 found a horse5 Pushed horse off cloud found a dragon6 Rode Dragon off into Sunset9000/10Would Sacrifice Horse to Lego Sky Gods again!
76561198119108966,Recommended,332310,16225425,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,DeathClaw,Well put together and has an extreme amount of content for an early access game. 10/10 would bang again.
76561198195824593,Recommended,332310,16223255,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,0sTeSpYr0!23,This game is so awesome and diffrent from the other lego videogames. If you want a sandbox lego videogame. then buy this now!
,Recommended,332310,16300592,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,RandyCo,gud gaem
,Recommended,332310,16123265,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,👌 「🅱ＡＲＡＭ🅱Ｅ 🅱ＩＮＤＳＥＴ」 👌,I rode a bear piggy-back through a candy desert.
,Recommended,332310,24029317,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,EndEnderman,great game you add even more.
,Recommended,332310,16136162,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Boff,BEST GAME EVER! It's a world where you can build random♥♥♥♥♥♥and ride a f**king dragon in the process :D 10/10
,Recommended,332310,18381685,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Cuphead has i-frames. ds ripoff.,"THIS IS AN EARLY ACCESS REVIEW! Things that I say here are my opinions and their bound to change through the updates.Pros:Many Biomes to exploreThe textures and graphical effects look amazingFor once everything is made out of LEGOMany options to choose from in the options menuAnd if you leave it running, Your PC becomes a space heater :)ConsIt turnes Your PC into a space heaterIt's one of the most unoptimized games that I ownOverallI really enjoyed LEGO Worlds, However It is still in early access so there are a few bugs, Still, I think this game will have much more to offer in the future.I give LEGO Worlds: 8.5 Weird fire breathing sentient beings out of 10"
76561198070334545,Recommended,332310,23943005,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,AssassinBeast25,Great!
,Recommended,332310,18391828,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,✪ ItsDanielFTW skinhub.com,"Holy $#!+ the lego man must have very sore feet, I mean have you ever stepped on lego?! It hurts, alot, well maybe not as much as say stepping on first but its very close.Its lego without the pain and having to clean up!Its minecraft with better graphics!Its LEGO WORLDS WITH SETS FOR FREE!!!!Now where is multiplayer???Do you wanna build a snowman? NO I WANNA BUILD LEGO!Ok seriously though LEGO worlds is a game with exploration & Adventure, Building & Barbequing in free lego sets!!"
,Recommended,332310,23670733,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,=DRK= ConAar2,meh
,Recommended,332310,16339595,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,nebs | Erik,"oh boy.. I was expecting ALOT. And I mean seriously... ALOT. And you know what? I got what I wanted.A good.Funny.LEGO Game.Oh man, really bringing me back to the old days...Anyways:If you're the type of person like me, who likes to play a game only for a few hours a day, buy this. You can always start it up and just mess around ^^.Do what you want, it is your world!"
,Recommended,332310,16178871,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,TheCheekyCrayon,This game is my childhood summed into everything i ever needed. There are so many things to do and discover. 10/10
,Recommended,332310,16119885,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Riggy;,"Pretty good start, long way to go though. Doesn't run particularly well at the moment, maintaining 60FPS is nigh on impossible. FoV is way too low, controls are not KB/M optimised at all either. Worth keeping an eye on, lots of potential there with the LEGO licenses (Star Wars etc) if they can get all the promised content out and fix the performance issues it should be pretty decent with multiplayer up and running. Doubt it's going to be a Minecraft killer though."
,Recommended,332310,16124823,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,dab_dan,"Great game! This game has lots of potential. Unlike other lego games, this is about actual creation. You can build brick by brick. Every block is rendered as well! It's still in early access, but workshop support and multiplayer would make this game one of the best games ever"
,Recommended,332310,19204601,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,BorsKaegel,"When I first bought this game, it was fraught with bad performance issues and just a lack of nothing clear to do. However, I have observed it morph into a fairly polished open world experience over the months since. Now you can craft vehicles and characters you encounter and scount across mutiple landscapes in a single map, help NPCs with needs, and just plain have zany Lego fun. The building system still needs work, and even with a top notch system I still get environmental blur often. Can't wait for Online Multiplayer so I can get my friends in to ride around in the two-seater roadsters!"
,Recommended,332310,21931782,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,yours sincerely,Great exploration game however I feel new objects can be too far appart.
,Recommended,332310,30460711,Posted: 11 March,all,HerrDoktor,My 3 yr old loves it. 10/10
,Recommended,332310,30461387,Posted: 11 March,all,Squiz the Squoil,"The full version of this game makes such a big difference its unbelievable.While many of the recent negative reviews simply find that when this game came out of early access, it simply wasn't the same, or free-roam was not as present. I find this to be false, as the progression system added adds a sense of very addictive and explorative fun to this game. It makes you want to keep playing, unlocking new levels, upgrading the rocket, and getting to eventually create your own maps pretty much. Also, if you think free-roam isn't as present in this game, it actually is, because while the maps are now limited much (really only at the beginning) the open world free roam aspect of this game is better than ever. Yes, the vocal aspects of the progression system can get annoying as well, but the system itself is more than enough to cover its tiny flaws. All I can say in the end, is this game has greatly changed for the better, and the progression system in my opinion did the game a huge favor. I can't wait to see what the future holds in terms of not only good updates here and there, but maybe even user created addons for the game, (almost like dupes in garrys mod so to speak). Overall, great game, very fun sandbox lego game."
,Recommended,332310,16129662,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Neurosys420,pretty neatmy kid will love itfor now.... my turn :P
76561198105770806,Recommended,332310,30878802,Posted: 1 April,all,Dinofire,The game looks amazing I love it.
,Recommended,332310,30901968,Posted: 2 April,all,TyrannosaurusAlex,pretty gud
76561198350780909,Not Recommended,332310,29265189,Posted: 14 January,all,SkittelyDiddely,I can't build anything help me ;-;
,Recommended,332310,17875161,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Strider,really excellent game if you have got a creative mind then you are going to love it but if you have adventourus mind then you are also going to love it
,Recommended,332310,21569463,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Clovilah,"I'm going to say yes to this because it is pretty polished looking, it is fun and there is sort of a lot to do.  The problems I have with this game, I don't really know if it will be a big deal to others and honestly I really did have fun playing but I will be asking for a refund.There's a lot to do, but there isn't.  There's no explanation of what you are doing or what is going on, either.  You are just dumped into a world and expected to understand everything.  I don't mind games that don't hold your hand, but at least give me some sort of reason to do what I am doing, and explain why I am doing it.It is painfully confusing and I know a lot of people will not agree with me, especially those with a lot more time, but Steam only gives 2 hours to decide for refunds so you have to decide rather quickly thanks to this incredibly stingy time limit.I get that you need to give things to certain NPCs, that you need to gather what is the in-game currency to unlock things in order to build.  I guess my biggest problem is really that things look like they are doing something but really are not.  I made a small home with a pool & grill.  I tried out the grill, thinking that making & eating food would replenish health but it did nothing.  Everything just plays an animation to look fun.  It felt incredibly empty to me.  I also didn't like the controls but again, this might have been because I didn't have enough time to really get used to it.I am saying yes to this because I think it is fun, to an extent.  I think it feels empty to someone like myself who expects more than an animation and not much else.  I love the vehicles and mounts, the cars, boats & helicopters.  It is very fun to discover things.  but other than that I just got very bored.Also, please give people way more time, Steam.  2 hours is a slap in the face.  Even Origin has like 7 days or something like that.  I really hate the rushed feeling of, ""Do I like this or should I get a refund I have to wait a 1-7 days for in order to try something else out?!"""
76561198057169258,Recommended,332310,16246022,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Aritz Miret,WE WANT WORKSHOOOP!!!!!
,Recommended,332310,16246111,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Sukky Sukky 10 Bukky,Never ceases to amaze
,Recommended,332310,16246708,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,DUBFOX,it is fun my brother found the drill im jelouse                                                                                                   :@
76561198200189678,Recommended,332310,16248246,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,moist.lolis,hi
,Recommended,332310,16404521,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,d_low,The Lego game we've all been waiting for.
,Recommended,332310,16219240,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Skweaver,"Even though the building controls are akward, the camera kinda sucks, and the game has a lot of bugs, I recommend buying it while it is still in Early Access. (The game will be more expensive when fully released.)I have faith that the developers will make this a very enjoyable game, they have good ideas in store for development, and online multiplayer is coming sometime in the future.No, I don't really recommend this as a building game right now, as it is very tedious to build anything, but I have faith they will get it right. If not, I always have Blockland!There's some fun to be had discovering props, characters, and items though. Also, the game is very beautiful!Haven't tried split screen, none of my IRL friends like LEGO games."
,Not Recommended,332310,20163727,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,TheBigMoist,its♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,332310,22607727,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Enzyme,"A very fun game but if your computer isn't a gaming PC, you will have some low frames."
76561198073296196,Recommended,332310,16292033,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Zoro,"Currently in its early access state, its very good for 15$. The pros outweigh the cons by far. The Biggest issue i have with this game is that it needs to be optimized alot more. I have a mid ranged gaming PC that is getting around 25 FPS when it should be getting way over 60fps. Hopefully they will fix this soon, it ruins the game experience no matter how good the game is when i get lag spikes due to poor optimization."
76561198117045336,Recommended,332310,16448641,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,The Skyfoogle,Named world 2spooky4me world. 3 skeletons ambush me at spawn! XD btw
76561198315034361,Not Recommended,332310,30748256,Posted: 26 March,all,zaclovesgames,It's alright but I wish they kept the old version of this game4/10
76561198135501933,Recommended,332310,16450655,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Solonium Souls gamekit.com,its a good game but the only problem is that it lags u our every 2-7 minutes of playing well atleast thats what happens to me so developers plz fix this issue becouse the game it the best lego game i've ever played its fun andventurous and its one of the only or the only lego game were there isent a back stroy and its just amazing u make everything theres no missions its a lego sandbox baisicly but not a usiall one you will see when u play it what i mean.But devolopers fix this plz or is it just a early accses thing?
76561198170542149,Recommended,332310,16948572,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,DipstasGames,"PLS MULTIPLAYERBecause there is soo much to do,My friend has got that game too and we`re enjoing itSO PLEASE MUTIPLAYER OR ONLINE SERVERS!!!"
76561198127166129,Recommended,332310,21450779,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Poog,"I got this game on my laptop,but i wish i caould get it on my mac but i cannot.I would love it if they made the game compatible with mac.:)"
76561198300582500,Recommended,332310,24681474,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,jimmyflanigan818,best lego game ever just hope it cmes for console soon
76561198093236002,Recommended,332310,16166556,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,JacobG0117 [HH],"For the people deciding whether to buy this game or not...Before I begin, Rest assured that all the words coming from my mouth to the screen, are positive. I have a single complaint, but it is for the developers.OH MY GOSH!! Buy This Game! This game has all the charm of the other Lego games, but it also has its own kind of charm. Take Minecraft and Lego and mash them together. That's what this game is. This game is soooooo cool. As an adult that grew up with Lego, this game gave me a lot of nostalgia. BUY IT!For the Developers...At the time of the writing of this review, the game is still in Early Access.I have a single complaint about the graphics of the game.When the character runs with an item in their hand, the item will sometimes ""clip"" through the character's head.I am wondering if it is possible to make a different running animation for each held item, or make the item disappear from the character's hand when they enter ""run-mode""Thank You for reading, and considering!"
76561198196751566,Recommended,332310,16176646,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,pootriko,epic open-world lego sandbox game.my only problem is the camera.terrible angles.
76561198159359454,Recommended,332310,16163956,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,davidrenteria1,My game wont even load
,Recommended,332310,16146286,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,【東方】⑨KissoneKinoma,"The only bad thing is that there is no Window mode for the game. I never play games in fullscreen because they lag and cause computer problems, fix that, the the game will be perfet. Now it's just 99% perfect, add a window mode option, then that 99% will change to a 100%"
,Recommended,332310,16252797,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Barnie Cooper-Smith,"Simply Amazing. The best LEGO game so far. I've only played 5 hours, the best 5 hours of my life so far. You can finally fully free rome! It's a little bit like minecraft, in the good ways. You can find new characters, items, tools, animals, vehicles etc. Really fun game! great price! I'm so excited to see what the final game will be like, as this is still in beta (at time of writing).In conclusionIm rating this game 9.5/10 because dragons are badasses."
76561198048185658,Recommended,332310,16132711,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Ink Eyes,Went on a adventure riding hysterically crazy goat! Ran around until we fell in a pit a lava! 10/10 would burst into flames again.
,Recommended,332310,16132929,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,emblem,Basically a better version of Minecraft.
,Recommended,332310,16125252,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,(((McSp00ky))),It's like Minecraft but with Legos and without Java.
,Recommended,332310,16323531,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Burger,A LEGO Game that is fully made of LEGO! A dream come true! 10/10
76561198083666373,Recommended,332310,16212038,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,StickyGame,it is really melove this gamepeewwwwwwbrofist
76561198201321097,Recommended,332310,16370786,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,suplach1cp,I love it
,Recommended,332310,16371320,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,#DividedKingdom-{T-T-M-D}-,OMG had it for about 1 hour and just cant stop playing best game this year!
,Recommended,332310,16937141,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Vonsha☣,Gimp suit Mr. Krabs says buy it or else i will bring the pain
76561198162782180,Recommended,332310,16970199,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,JudgeMayor,"-Sky Dived onto an Island filled with Minotaurs, Skeletons, and Neanderthals-Immediatley built a Gingerbread House to show them who was boss-Surrounded Gingerbread House with giant lolipops-Slept peacefully on couch with the sound of dying Neanderthals danced in my head10/10 would sky dive again."
,Recommended,332310,16802015,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Major Stupidity,It is so fun to mess around. I cant stop finding myself digging into the water and flying so high that it takes 20 minutes of falling to reach the ground.
76561198201600370,Recommended,332310,16771362,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,spongeblast,my first save has been corru[ted so i cant move at all and cant choose a different save
76561198152275239,Recommended,332310,16961289,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Mr.Canada,I beached my digginy and my game crashed!!! 10/10 IGN
76561198137223253,Recommended,332310,17809813,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,legendgamer,so if you like lego and exploration this is the game for you
76561198202984334,Recommended,332310,17265742,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,JEFFGREG COWIE.CO.UK,could you pppppppllllllllllllllllllllllllllleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesssssssssssssssseeeeeeeeeeeeee get another update PLESE PLESE PLESE
,Recommended,332310,17239877,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Sinner-Minner,"I rode a dragon, bear, and husky.And I punched a mummy."
,Recommended,332310,20569095,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,exousia,Great for young kids who love lego.  Not so great for adults - gets boring fast.
,Recommended,332310,19803006,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,SkKr,Lego Minecraft347895/10
76561198143941535,Recommended,332310,19827895,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Anonimo,why can't i play?
,Recommended,332310,19829745,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,"DiluteFlea (GOOD GREIF, HELP ME)",It's Awesome
,Recommended,332310,16194321,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Fire,is...k
76561198337432761,Recommended,332310,30417642,Posted: 9 March,all,Doge Bork,THIS GAME IS THE BEST GAME I EVER PLAYED! 10/10 this game is a really awesome game! :D
76561198056204800,Recommended,332310,19927307,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,That_one_guy,realy fun i want to play with my friends though
,Recommended,332310,17094264,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,baidenm,so I like thas game very much so u buy and I no make frowny face me me make good face
,Recommended,332310,17569319,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,CoolShibe69,you play whit legos the end
76561198236705728,Recommended,332310,17245571,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,McFancyPants,why the end of the year or early 2016!?!??!
,Recommended,332310,17254148,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,themightyhawlk1 0,wacky in a good way
,Recommended,332310,30503517,Posted: 14 March,all,The Courier,i really love this game but it might be boring after awhile because you need to get a lot of bricks  plus before you buy this game read this because you might not like this game im gonna keep this game i played 6 hours so far i like it but it dose has some boring parts of this game like getting parts for a quest you got to do this alot go under ground get the chest sound easy well sometimes it is but some are really like at the bottom at the map have to exit that tool re enter doing this alot gets very anoying plus also you got to get parts from npcs but. there is som e fun parts like building really time consuming also fun but another thing about the chest there some times under water so you got to destroy more blocks to get to the other side to open parts you need super frustating but thats all i ave to write please sharethis to any of your friends that want this game hope you enjoy this review.
76561198082110477,Recommended,332310,16188327,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Rain 雨 嵐,OkaySo This game is really good and fun but I feel like its lacking in some things like the camera is not the best in the sense that you can not look up and the angle changes it self in stupid ways like I was digging a cave with my digger and got stuck the cause of this was the camera zooming right in my face and I would like to see some DC/Marvel characters that would be sweet :)But other than that I think this game is really fun to play and would recommend it to anyone who enjoys exploring games and I really look forward to see what is next!Plus! any game i get to fly a red dragon across the land and kill a yeti is good in my books!
,Recommended,332310,16544994,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Tantalus,"I spent hours searching for a place to build and another two or three hours setting up a house, then accidentally painted the side like the stone pathway around it and the undo button refused to fix my mistake. I say with a straight face that it brought me to tears.11/10 would lego again.On a more serious note, the game provides endless fun even in the current unfinished state. Despite a few issues such as weird camera movement and the aforementioned lack of a cooperative undo button at times, this is a definite recommendation, and unquestionably worth the price. I look forward to future content if the game continues to uphold its current standard."
,Recommended,332310,16959981,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,*WWK* BinqDesign,"Great game, amazing graphics and a bit of a Minecraft feel! but over all a great game for all ages! If you like building games like Minecraft and that stuff you will really enjoy this one! 10/10"
76561198030437712,Recommended,332310,16960767,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,IMeantToDoThat,"WOW.  I just love this game.  (Don't tell my kids, 'cause it's supposed to be for them.)  And if update 1 is anything to go by, it's just going to keep getting better."
76561198143527459,Recommended,332310,17182546,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,darth kitty,evrybody should get this game and play it it dosent take that long to download and its adventerus and u can build anything you want and spoyilers you can ride a freacan dragon and it will distroy stuff with fire
76561198047153461,Recommended,332310,16148500,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,𝔵𝔄𝔩𝔭𝔥𝔞,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ Great game! Lots of potential so far, Worth the $15!"
76561198068005177,Recommended,332310,16664781,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,kedro_ivan,"So far from what I played and seen Im not that mezmerized by the game, but my sister loves it and that matters. What bugs me the most is that the game seems to be horribly optimized or it just plainly hates AMD cards. It didnt matter what seettings I had chose, the game was stuttering . It always started at nice 55 to 60 fps and then droped to 11 the next few seconds and wemt up to 45  to fall down to 20 again. I went down from 1080p to 720p the game actually got worse frame rate than before. I doubt that my computer would be that slow since i haven't had any troubles to play some recent games at 1080p.I hope that they will fix this in coming updates or it gets worked into amd drivers soon."
,Recommended,332310,16666833,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Meynatasha03,This game offers so much more freedom then minecraft i know you guys like to build well this is a game for you also exploring is a breeze and finding treasures is so much fun! and also famous youtubers like DanTDM played this gamesPS i found a dragon and a boat haha
76561198097988830,Recommended,332310,16661257,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,4e George da boss,amazing play it!
,Recommended,332310,16663366,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Sigma,"great game! it's only in early access but it's the best lego game i have played. if you get bored of an island, go to a new one. I personally recommend this game 10/10"
,Recommended,332310,16669238,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,lemonade_n,Great game! Hope to see awesome future updates and bug fixes. It's a unique gameplay and theres LOADS to find and explore!
76561198040319157,Recommended,332310,16666242,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,"Jeve ""Shameless"" Greenmoon","In today's C News: A pathologist who got lost in the tundra was found riding a polar bear and chasing a yeti across the barren landscape. Once she was done she then proceded to the neighboring desert and beat up a few cowboys and outlaws before casually changing into their clothes and turning into a guy. He then called for his trusty steed before heading into the volcanic area nearby and punching a passing warlock to death. Donning his coat, he then flailed across the burned landscape, avoiding any pools of lava to the best of his abilities, before finding a dragon; his next steed.We lost track of him for a while as he soared the skies on the red beast, landing on a few clouds along the way, but he soon touched down in a nearby forest and beat up a random mechanic who passed by. Also passing by was King... uh, a king from somewhere, whom was also beaten up and relieved of his clothing and crown. The pathologist was last seen riding another polar bear which appeared out of thin air, donning royal garbs and a crown. If anyone sees this man... Don't approach him!This was today's C News. I'm your host, Jeve Greenmoon, and I am waiting eagerly for tomorrow's news. Until then: Ciao!"
,Recommended,332310,16665079,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,redstonesb,i like this game a lot but it is clerly still beta there are a lot of bugs.
76561198196864753,Recommended,332310,16211395,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Generic,"im having a bit of problems when my Slot 1 got corrupted and it wont let me move my mouse to change to the other one but of course this is a beta game and there are bugs that can be fixed. But I love lego worlds and it is very creative where u can build,explore,and create things.And i recommend this game."
76561198008822770,Not Recommended,332310,24253685,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Guilty Spark,"Something is seriously wrong with this game at the moment. I recently bought it during the Steam Summer Sale and played 30 minutes of it just trying to get used to the camera. A week later here I am attempting to give it another try...I launch to the menu and immediately notice that my prefered resolution wasn't saved. Odd, but no big deal. I am still in the menu and I can hear this awful noise over the music (I have open-back headphones). I take my headphones off to find my radiator fans are spooled up to 100% and my GPU fans are running super fast. AND there is coil whine. BAD and LOUD coil whine. This is just in the menu by the way (but continues when actually in-game) My monitoring programs all confirmed that my gpu was under 100% load at times, and most of my cpu cores were pushing WELL past 70% load.... in the menu.I reset the resolution and texture quality to low, with no change in performance. Okay, well, I booted up Borderlands 2 (ultra settings at 1080p) and it ran quiet and smooth as usual. No coil whine to be found.Was there an update to this game that is trying to kill my hardware? If so, please figure it out!Windows 10Gigabyte x99p-sli16GB DDR4i7 5820k (stock clocks, to troubleshoot)GTX 980ti SC ACX 2.0 (stock OC, to troubleshoot)"
,Recommended,332310,19926988,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,dinorice,If you had a childhood you will enjoy this gameUnless of course your childhood was really nice camerasIn which case you should probably...Leave
,Recommended,332310,16231824,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Valkillmore,"This game is already very fun and has so much potential.  I haven't done much research on the development of it, but I do have some high hopes.  Multiplayer will be the turning point while things like cave systems, survival and possibly some questing would give the player some things to do.  All I can see to do right now is explore the top floor of my worlds, collect items and build.  The camera is a little wonky but then the camera has always been wonky in Lego games for me.  I'd like to have a more traditional MMO type camera personally except for when building.  Building is difficult.  There are so many pieces and getting them placed where you want them takes practice.  I find myself constantly misplacing them and then breaking other stuff in the process of cleaning up that misplaced Lego.  I have 2 GTX 970 in SLI and i7-4790K with plenty of RAM and while the game runs well and has excellent graphics, I get some dropped framerates in some areas and have to bump down some settings like shadows and DoF.  I imagine the game will be better optimized in upcoming patches.  I am very picky with framerate though and normally complain about performance where others wouldn't see a problem.Overall I am pleasantly surprised how fun this game is and especially at a $15 price tag.  Recommending to friends once multiplayer is introduced."
,Recommended,332310,31572454,Posted: 5 May,all,Plaritz,"This game is cool. I would give it about a 3/5. The game used to be really bad, but the update that brought the game out of beta fixed a lot of my issues. My problem with the game is its this open world lego game where you can discover so much, and build so little. Yeah I have normal blocks to build with but I want to build vehicles and spaceships that actually fly. I want to build stuff that transforms."
,Recommended,332310,31566574,Posted: 5 May,all,Diz,its great.loved the game since i baught it.
,Recommended,332310,31571924,Posted: 5 May,all,Vegirot-OrangeJMonster,"Ive had this game for  a while now despite the fact of the very low playtime.  Only recently have i discovered its full release.  Interesting enough, i personally prefer it as a beta.  It didnt hold your hand through every single step and i liked that.  You explored and learned and there was more of a rush of excitement when you learn how to do something.  Also the world sizes are limited, even the largest world size is still not that big.  It makes sense in adventure mode and all of that but in sandbox i wish there was a way to have an infinite world size.  It's a decent game and can be intertaining."
76561198232404456,Recommended,332310,17716687,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,ninjanickpants,this is awesome just like minecraft but better i really recommend this
,Recommended,332310,16224208,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,CerealBox33,I have no idea what I'm doing.
76561198010185417,Recommended,332310,30517980,Posted: 14 March,all,¤Cataclysmic¤,This game is really good if you can look past some of the launch bugs that are still present.
,Recommended,332310,30411938,Posted: 9 March,all,Missyneon,"The most cutest minecraft/skyrim/lego game ever! With quests, crafting, exploring and aww'ing over the cute little lego animals running about"
,Recommended,332310,32883947,Posted: 27 June,all,Inkmaster101,is gweat
,Recommended,332310,16302342,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,ThePsycrow,"Great visually, but needs progression like Minecraft has with its ores and such!"
,Recommended,332310,16301830,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Its_Patchi,"Very nice! Would like to see suport of adding external models created using the Lego Digital Designer, adding custom sounds to the parts and such, but mostly the ldd model import feature though."
76561198091636378,Recommended,332310,16320216,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Merky,Simple review -->  It's fun.:-)
76561198062195715,Recommended,332310,16604775,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Mc Shortz,This game is utterly amazing for early access
,Recommended,332310,16143040,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Spanishburps,First thing I did was ride a small husky.11/10 IGN
76561198139363267,Recommended,332310,16764676,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Rocketeergaming,"Hello everyone my name is Evan,im 13 year's old and I like playing lots of lego game's. When i saw this game on youtube (with Markiplier and the Diamond Minecart) i thought it would be fun and amusing,dont get me wrong it's fun but their needs to be ways to get ""sets"" also make it easier to find big/gold chest's. I found many glitches with the vehichles and creatures (such as falling into the ground). I sometimes see black area's on the ground that I can fall through. Sometimes animals spawn in tree's and sometimes their new one's,this isnt much of an issue with skydiving but it gets very annoying to have to get on top. Maybe Putting more generated structures that turn into sets would be fun just dont put gold/big chest's. I think that their should be a way to pay for things out of a catalog or somekind of merchent by paying lots of studs and maybe their should be a skill tree for upgrading build times and the more experience you have the bigger the things you can build. I think this game has tons of potential and I really like it,keep up the good work."
76561198283894285,Recommended,332310,29066480,Posted: 6 January,all,interpretus,"Lego worlds is great! There are so many things to do and explore. Defeat skeletons, build and paint blocks. Find in game secrets. Everything is so awesome!"
,Recommended,332310,16656604,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Rowey,this seem to be a good game lots of tweeking needed for to do alot more suff on it as there is not much to do and theres not alot of instructions telling you on waht to do but as a early alpha game it looking pritty good
76561198088751807,Recommended,332310,16152514,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,MartinezX13,It was really lame til i mounted a dragon8/10
76561198244902490,Recommended,332310,20975042,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Smcatee2,god game
76561198360111908,Recommended,332310,30639311,Posted: 20 March,all,Jimakos PSXakos,why does it crash when i try to play a world please helpme why does it do that!!!???
,Recommended,332310,16145516,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,...,"This review is a bit mixed. While I do recommend this game (Despite early access), I will tell you why and why not you should buy this game.For starts, the game is beautiful, but can hog a lot of power from your computer. The game needs to be better optimized.The next issue is the resetting of graphic settings/effect settings. Occassionally, when the game starts, my graphics will default to the highest. A minor issue, but something that so far hasn't been addressed in the reviews.Another issue is with the current ""world generation"" as it stands. Right now, everything is beautifully done, and you will enjoy visiting many islands with scenic views. However, there are a few ""Biome types"" currently, meaning you will run into : lava land, candy land, ice land, tropic land, horror land, desert land, rock land, and china land. (If I missed one, please forgive me. :c)The other issue with world gen is how it handles certain things. For example, lava will spawn and conflict with water that has spawned. Meaning lava will still be underneath the water. It won't be too hard to miss if you play the game a bit, and if you swim over the water that is over the lava, you will die. (Not that death is currently even a ""punishment"", but this error in generation does need to be addressed.) Another bug is the issue with some sides of bricks not showing, or being transparent. This means that one side of a brick will be opaque and then the other side you can see the entire underworld skybox through it.The camera is wonky, but it isn't extremely abhorrent to the point of unplayable. Some notable issues are as follows:-The camera freaks out in tightspaces. (EX: Using the bulldozer to dig into a mountain will create a space too tight for the camera, and it will spazz out.)-The camera occassionally gets its own free will and moves of its own accord, specifically noted while terrain/brick editing.There are many denizens in the game, however only skeletons are aggressive. Others have mentioned this, but for the sake of sanity, they are the only enemies who attack, and they take two hits to kill. I am almost 100% certain more enemies will arrive with updates. But if they don't then... :-\ IDK. Engage sad face.So to sum up the issues of the game: Sketchy world gen (As expected from early access), and sketchy camera controls, and extremely limited enemy fighting.Now I haven't played for an extensive period of time, but I do find the game enjoyable as a current time killer, and a long time investment in something different.The good things this game has going for it, especially for early access, is the extensive amount of props, characters, and editing tools. However, some of these will get stale, especially characters and customizing them. You sadly have only one sect of brix to build with and that is it. And there are a good number of them. However, in the future, there should be more that are acquirable. However, despite this, building is fun and enjoyable, but that and exploration are all there is to the game currently.Exploration is natural. You skydive out of nowhere like the badass you are, and you instinctively want to look around. If you search for a while, you might find large chests. These chests contain items for you, such as bazookas, rifles, fish, etc. Essentially weapons. However, you will soon figure out the trick to getting/finding these big treasure chests, as they seem to spawn only in buildings. (Ie. Igloos, chinese appearing towers, etc.)THERE IS NO MULTIPLAYER YET. However, there are plans for multiplayer, so says certain websites.Now onto control bugs.-Pressing Z (undo in building mode) will not always undo the last thing you did. Fix this bug please.-Pressing Z (undo in building mode) will occassionally do absolutely nothing but make a sound. Fix this please.-While in building mode, your floating character will occassionally decide to noclip through things and move around awkwardly. Assume you are a building a castle in a lava biome. There is a high chance your character will go into that lava, and you will hear the painful death sound that is over and over until you move him out of harms way. Also, when you finish editing, your character will fall, no matter where he is. FIX THIS PLEASE. Either make building First person or something. Also the camera can get a bit wonky, but this is rare during my time of playing.Other note-worthy mentions : Why have brick generation for things underwater, or even let the player see underwater if the submarine doesn't GO UNDERWATER WHAT WHY PLEASE. For this reason alone, I turned texture quality down so the water would be opaque.The game is early access. This means you are paying, upfront, for an incomplete, almost alpha-esque build of a game. I have heard word on the winds say that the devs are planning for more builds to come out.This game is currently for people who enjoy walking around, have tolerance/patience for building (This isn't like real life legos, and getting used to the controls can be irritating at times.) and enjoy finding things. Remember, this is a 15 USD price tag on something without a whole lot of anything other than running and jumping around, unless you like to build, and even then that requires the utmost patience and dedication."
76561198047735753,Recommended,332310,16207961,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,PrettyCoolHuh,"great game TONS!! of fun, you build anything, go anywere and just make your imagination go wild, and who doesnt like lego :D"
,Recommended,332310,17607044,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Av8orGamer,My four year old loves this game. I'm having fun just running around in it and letting her yell at me from the next chair about what I should do. She doesn't like it when I use the rocket launcher on trees.
76561198025861761,Recommended,332310,17623874,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Espace,GAME IS GREAT DON'T MESS IT UP 11/10
76561198069916116,Recommended,332310,17601709,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Pink Fluffy Unicorn,The best game KIT:1. found a bow2. saw a gangnamstyle bear3. found a drake4. rek everything5. found Cole's car6. rek everything again7. found Mixel11/10  Would dance with a bear again
,Recommended,332310,16188572,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,CaptainCookie,"Its my new favrouite game ever !!!!!!!Its like minecraft with great graphics!!!If u like Minecraft its for you.If u like the graphics of GTA V then this game is for u.If u like Gmod then this game is for u.If u like buggy games this is for you,"
,Recommended,332310,31717342,Posted: 12 May,all,Colton D. Gaming™,This game can Lego my Eggos anyday 10/10 IGN
,Recommended,332310,31716263,Posted: 12 May,all,Raiden,Nice game to sit back and relax to.I hope they add on to it.
,Recommended,332310,17493603,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Pazanate,"This Game is So much Fun But They Need To Fix The Framerate. My Computer Is Struggling To render the Game But All In, Good Game."
76561198092643872,Recommended,332310,31737495,Posted: 13 May,all,Branji,looks like minecraft on my computer tbh
,Recommended,332310,18362049,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Bub,"LEGO Worlds is a fantastic game. When I first heard about this game, I didn't think much of it at the time. While it was still in beta, I decided to buy the game which was $14.99 during its beta stage. The game was buggy at first which was to be expected of course, but other than that, it was definetely entertaining. If you're a parent, you should consider buying this for your kid(s), or you could just buy LEGO toys. Either way, it's worth buying. :DNo one uses there imagination anymore! We have LEGO® Worlds! :D"
,Not Recommended,332310,28899545,Posted: 1 January,all,OBS AZor,"MehIt was not what i expected,the photos look waayyy different than the real game..... and the creators seem to not care at all about this game it is in early access since 2015 ..jesusThank god that steam allowed me to refund.ALSO,if you were wondering,the multiplayer is only with your friends and not on servers"
,Not Recommended,332310,28897392,Posted: 1 January,all,Bot: Easy,"second crash in 5 minutes for completely different reasons.  I clearly did an action that should have gotten an achievement and did not get it.  In fact, I did that twice. no achievement.  camera is wonky, combat is wonky.it looks cool but it is extremely unstable and awkward, everything from UI to controls, ect.would not recommend buying this unless major fixes are made."
,Recommended,332310,32383808,Posted: 13 June,all,stobe,Fun game but lost my save
76561198256068669,Recommended,332310,32368276,Posted: 12 June,all,Jacob Frye,11/10
,Recommended,332310,16234595,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Deadlink,"LEGOS, NOTHING ELSE NEED BE SAID"
76561198086155165,Recommended,332310,18462370,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,IMPATIENT GAMER,NEEDS CO-OP then it will be great.
,Recommended,332310,18574333,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,̸̵̴̷̴̸̷̴̖̭̞̙͖̖͚̞̈́̉͊̃͂̈́̉͊,"Tired of stepping on Legos in real life, So I threw them all away and bought this. ☺"
,Recommended,332310,16147816,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,LogBoi,This is a good game but still has issuses. Camera is not very good
76561198335236610,Recommended,332310,25895356,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,KingPiccolo415,"So far so good, just downloaded it and I'm expecting a kick♥♥♥♥♥turn out."
76561198354441215,Recommended,332310,33441608,Posted: 10 July,all,TallonSky,"I love the game so much, there's outstanding work done into every formed block and you can just scroll through the world as you want to casually as you please, while exploring the surface, doing ultimate quests with danger that lies within' each one, and discover objects whenever you like and use them for whatever whether it's a castle, a house, a town.. and the items you can find are epic, What did I find.. A Chicken Egg?!?! And your never alone you can player multiplayer create things together, and mess around with the amazing creatures that embark alongside, and personally my favorite, The Dragons, And Unicorns, and of course the dinosaurs. I just love the dungeons, they're quite difficult to handle with all the monsters, and espically the trolls an skeletons, and traps. it just sparks even more with the insane weapons you can find like, a Ninja Sword? a MEGAZOOKA? even a Piano Gun?? and the biomes give you diffrent vibes and each one has specific monsters, animals, structures, and blocks. The only problem i find is the part where when i enter Crystal Crags, and Volcanio Area, it just lags terribly bad. while only just managing to hold the parts together. but otherwise forget that.. its probably my computer (cause its old). I recommend this 95% totally. I would love to see more monsters, biomes, characters, and more of everything in this game, or a Lego Worlds 2?"
76561198326401689,Recommended,332310,33437497,Posted: 10 July,all,zouzoufluff,"I LOVE THIS GAME!!!! I have never written a review, but this game is definetly worth  a review. My favorite thing in this  game are the dungeons"
76561198142898435,Recommended,332310,30628072,Posted: 19 March,all,detrain25,This game is awesome! It does take a little bit to adapt to but it would sound really fun to explore all of the biomes and do the quests. There are some dungeons. The only thing I wish it was more like would be Lego universe where you could level up and farm on enemies. I know the game has a lot more to go in development but if the devs had the support no doubt this game would be everything you could ask for in a Lego game!
,Recommended,332310,22573042,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,KITTracer,The best game ever
,Recommended,332310,16284016,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,xDeaDp00lSLasHx,"Great Creativity! 100/100 Legos Has been my Favorate plastic Toys back when i Was 5! Thank You For Making An Open World Sandbox Lego Game! I Appreciate This Game On Steam I Love you Lego I hope you Guys Luck On Lego Avengers, Jurassic World Etc.!"
76561198101470221,Recommended,332310,31649061,Posted: 9 May,all,Chuah1997,Great open world games
,Recommended,332310,16296426,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Nacho Minirazor,I keep accidentally jumping off of my horse and punching it.10/10 would beat dead horse again
76561198203650703,Recommended,332310,24488058,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,jeffytheweirdone,the only reason i got steam was to play this awesome game:)
,Recommended,332310,22666298,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,jemmasteven1985,THIS GAME IS SICK
76561198236842748,Recommended,332310,22668297,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,creeperbrax,is cool
76561198177545653,Recommended,332310,21717009,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Tenryuu,10/10 best game of all time!
,Recommended,332310,30509165,Posted: 14 March,all,Shabbababela,"Jumped on a giraffe on my friend in digger ,  chrashed 10/10"
,Not Recommended,332310,29159157,Posted: 10 January,all,MayorSeb,"At this moment Lego worlds is a buggy unfinished mess however this game IS in Early Access, this however does not make the game worth getting at this time. I hope that in future this game is worth getting but now I cannot recommend getting it."
76561198040943996,Recommended,332310,16253992,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Ryodren,"A mixture between the 1999 Lego Creator game, Minecraft MCEdit, and Grand Theft Auto. All for the convenient price of $14.99"
76561198098239224,Recommended,332310,16254421,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Elite Eli,Fell into world like a bosspaved a road to a house I spawned infound a dragonfound a bazooka a two other gunsfound a husky and rode it into the sunset100/10 would play this more
76561198072959460,Recommended,332310,16254606,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,💀Witch Boy💀,Was BBQing then a Scuba Diver glitches out of the pool than struts across the screen10/8
,Recommended,332310,19018399,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,SecretDoctor,I like this.
,Recommended,332310,22351588,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Animawesome,"Amazing game it really feels like your playing any other LEGO game and you have a little bit more freedom then most LEGO games, One thing that upsets me and is currently the only reason I don't play the game much anymore is the lack of a first-person camera option. I understand none of the other LEGO games had this feature but you also couldnt build your own house or town in any other lego games exept LEGO Universe(which is now no longer available :( i really loved that game ) but how the hell are you supposed to build your own amazing houses and furnish them .. IF YOU CAN""T GO INTO THE ♥♥♥♥ING HOUSE AND SEE!!! .. but that is the only reason i dont play this game much but if it got that feature i would probably play this game more than any other game I have..but other than that , Amazing Game needs First-Person..Good Work"
,Not Recommended,332310,18904765,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,ThatRadioGeek,I had to edit/redo my review to reflect current thoughts:This game has not changed since I played it a year ago. At all. No improvements. No changes of any kind. DO NOT BUY EARLY ACCESS GARBAGE. Steam REALLY needs to update their refund policy for Early Access games.
,Recommended,332310,16263857,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Getting Jiggy with Siggy,Let me get this straight...You are looking to see if this game is good or not? Does it not look amazing when you just look at it? I mean you can be a cute yeti riding a dancing ostrich through a candy land.Who dosen't want to do that.
76561198385673927,Recommended,332310,33747685,Posted: 23 July,all,THISGUYLIKESLEGO,when i logged in my save file the game just crashs
76561198041842498,Recommended,332310,16260048,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Pooltastic,Don't mind me. Just playing around with some LEGO.
76561198091847475,Recommended,332310,16842499,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,manuel,amazing game over all! if there only one i have to complain  aboutis not habing a delete world botton
,Recommended,332310,16840206,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Lumbridge & Chill,Flew an eagle into a volcano.10/10 would deliver Freedom again
,Recommended,332310,16842971,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,E d g y X,cool game
,Recommended,332310,30386747,Posted: 7 March,all,BohemianDrag0n,"Didnt spend a whole bunch of time playing my first time, thought the graphics were amazing, ui a bit confusing at first, but I imagine given the right ammount of time and understanding could make this an amazing game as a whole."
,Not Recommended,332310,33851695,Posted: 28 July,all,Can'tFindAUsername,"It was great until they decided to make it linear and quest based.Having an expansive open world of Lego with limitless possibilites was great. Being able to break the game on the first level is not. Levels are not good. Game changed from a great exploration game, to a boring, linear quest game."
76561198195412878,Recommended,332310,19242016,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Chicken,Lego Worlds is a fun sand box game that isnt minecraft so shut up it has exploreing and unlock new rides people to play as and wepons  note no crafting ITs not minecraft  things to fight not mobs to fight not minecraft biomes not minecraft biomes all i am saying its good as minecraft so shut up guys i love this game !
76561198131689587,Recommended,332310,16409744,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,|GG|-Over rated Kun,Why does it keep on doing thins? every time i go into the game like in 1 min it will sum how shut itself down.PLEASE CAN U FIX THIS. ti really bugs me.
76561198134478995,Recommended,332310,22074948,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,CrazyDrew,not a bad game really fun
,Recommended,332310,22093045,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Tegg,This is very addictive. Ive played for a total of 11 hours and only got it this morning! It's very original in its game mechanics with the unlocking system. It brings a whole new meaning to a Lego game which Im happy to play. Love this game.
,Recommended,332310,19467980,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Sir Soup,This game is amazing.10/10 yelp
76561198089359139,Recommended,332310,20838852,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,AtlasGamer,gat me at org
,Recommended,332310,16125086,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Browsing Dank Memes BRB,Ran around punching people and stealing their faces. 10/10
76561197989724251,Recommended,332310,16126579,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,MeatHammer,I killed a wizardI became the wizardI flew atop a giant eagleI found a motorcycle in a treeEverything is awesome/10
,Recommended,332310,23353413,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,JoeWrench1023,The bestest game. Will be even better as time goes on!
,Recommended,332310,23661699,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Sciking101,"This is an awesome game, especially for early access, the only problem is that it's easy to get bored quickly. some fixes to that problem might be, adding a storyline and adding a lego dimensions element, like sets from starwars and others like it."
76561198141358649,Recommended,332310,16255946,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Paragon of Hope,"NOWHERE NEAR Minecraft.How to beat the game, or break it :Go to Models, then sets and build a quick set.Turn light on/off as many times as you like getting unlimited money. Got 200K in 10 min.Find a plane.Buy a plane.Fly low collecting all assets near you.Buy all props.Quick tips :Top of pyramids have item chests.Igloos have item chests.Random barns/houses have item chests.About 18 items total before you start getting money.Interesting coordinates I found while searching random numbers:48613982374 (Just a knarly layout)914526712481456714 (go to the pink area of the map past 2 tiny islands)"
76561197987585739,Recommended,332310,25913892,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,{NT}Norgob,"lego to the left, lego to the right, lego every where , the entire world is made of lego's even the moon is made out of legoif i had this amount of lego's as a kid (i had alot of city legos but always thought i didnt had enough bricks etc) i would never see daylight or breathe fresh air as i would spend me entire child hood inside me room and building legos :Pif you got a livery imagenation and like to build stuff then this game is a must have !!!!!!!!"
76561198048776529,Recommended,332310,16127040,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,[MEDIC] Dave(Kothorian)Lee,"OMG, soo good. Only got about an hour in but i'll go ahead and give it a 9.5 outta 10. that .5 is taken out cause it doesn't have a windowed mode option."
,Recommended,332310,30457262,Posted: 11 March,all,Noodle,Great game!. But the update kinda ruined it.
,Recommended,332310,20943696,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Sh4d0wX1,"This is great game, especially for those like to play indie type game. but unfortuantely is not available in Mac or Linux."
76561198197332898,Recommended,332310,25116639,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,robo puppy master,where the ♥♥♥♥ did my dragon go
,Recommended,332310,16296521,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,TheAbyssOfHalo,"Awesome game. Freeroam throughout world and find vehicles and characters you can ride and play as, or make your own (characters, that is) I could play this for hours finding items and weapons to deck myself out with, and fly off into the sunset on my dragon at the end of the day. there are some minor bugs, but nothing major. 9.9/10"
,Recommended,332310,16156674,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Solvent,EVERYTHING IS AWESOME!!!!!!!!!! EVERYTHING IS COOL WHEN I'M PLAYIN THIS GAME!!!!! EVERYTHING IS AWESOME!!! 'CUASE I'M LIVIN THE DREAM.
,Recommended,332310,31084371,Posted: 11 April,all,nobodyimportant0123,this game has potential has some bugs in it still dosen't regerster that u have completed some task on one world i lost my rocket ship i have had the tool glitch where it won't put it away their are bugs that need to be fixed but i also played the early release nd they have came a long way from there yes i would recommend it once the bugs are fixed i belive it has potential to be a great game also they need to make it to were u can delete saved worlds
76561198014293304,Recommended,332310,32119941,Posted: 1 June,all,robotguy4,Better than No Man's Sky.
,Recommended,332310,30865265,Posted: 31 March,all,Tombstone,COOL GAME BUY IT
76561198283484279,Recommended,332310,25831600,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,unpricedrian121,JCDHADGCYSDGDGCCGGHCBHCGDHFBGCBCHBDJCVBSDH
76561198365432834,Recommended,332310,31603557,Posted: 7 May,all,Gametaztic202,awesome game it amazing i think the grafics are amazing
76561198358577825,Recommended,332310,30674550,Posted: 22 March,all,alicianbillingsley,I love this game but I wish it was for android
76561198026989380,Recommended,332310,30678118,Posted: 22 March,all,Mister Wah,My feet are feeling better already.
76561198190686669,Recommended,332310,17626930,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Mr. Zakster07,Awesome
,Recommended,332310,17630542,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,www.youtube.com/closekor,This game is just awesome. its like putting minecraft and cubeworld together but with more possibilities!
76561198115495127,Recommended,332310,17804991,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Genjohnwilliam,I like it a lot can't wait to see what the full release will be like in 2016
76561198209029875,Recommended,332310,17598699,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Are you my mommy?,great game. better than minecraft
76561197974383636,Recommended,332310,16150159,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,RumpRanger,"Rode a husky puppy through the snow as a skeleton pirate and then punched a dragon in the face 10/10.With Lego Worlds being in the Early Access phase I can say I am so excited to see where this game will go. I would not say it is a Minecraft clone by any means. There are obviously similar elements that they share but Lego has a more cinematic quality to it and put the emphasis less on mining (go figure) certain resources and more on adventuring to find new objects that you can then build with. Once you have found a certain item (Husky Puppy, Lake side Dock, Castle) you can then spend gems to buy the piece forever. If you played any other Lego game it is similar to unlocking a character, after punching things for hours you get enough gems to buy the character permanently.My biggest critique in this phase of development is the Camera is just awful... and that building currently is a bit of a pain. If they can lock down how to easily build your own creations I do believe this could grow to be an extremely popular game."
76561198184338278,Recommended,332310,16300691,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,John Wick,better than mincraft and the graphics are amazing
,Recommended,332310,33630642,Posted: 18 July,all,crashmonkey5878,this is one of my fav games but I CANT PLAY IT I HAVE LIKE THE WORST GRAPHICS CARD IN THE WORLD!!!
,Recommended,332310,31133763,Posted: 14 April,all,Sir Bob Ross,Actually a really fun game. The endless things you can do could keep you occupied for hours. Or could leave you bored with the repetitve missions and similar spawning maps.
76561198089687372,Recommended,332310,31755168,Posted: 14 May,all,PrinceValor,Lego Worlds Was a amazing sandbox game that was so fun to play! Amazing graphics (for a lego game) I Totaly reccomend this game for everyone!
76561198040451298,Recommended,332310,31757511,Posted: 14 May,all,Ghost,Pretty good if you like legos or open world games!! KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK! ;D
,Recommended,332310,16149955,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,MightyMadMaxx,Jumped into a world Ran around for a bit then i spoted a chest on some sort of piller and with in containd a RPG... Blew up everything. Now no joking aside this game is in its very early stages and only recomend this game if you would like to help with its progress and want to watch this game grow into somthing AMAZING!!!!!!
76561197994989384,Recommended,332310,16155864,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,halcyonhegamony,"OMG, It's BEAUTIFUL.  This game isn't finished???  There are a few glitches with the character movement and camera frame, but I honestly attribute most of those to the amazing graphics my laptop can't quite handle.  The mount system, the creatures, the OMG everything is gorgeous.  You can climb on any surface in a fascimile of Assassin's Creed.  It's like being God of the Lego's once again.  If you played with Lego's as a child, you'll LOVE this game.  It feels like you can make all of your dreams once more into reality.  The 1 and ONLY negative I have is that the interface is a bit mouse touchy / much like most of the Lego Games, it's a far better controller game then a mouse / keyboard game.  This game has the feel of a finished product, it feels like the only thing they could add is more content."
76561198194642063,Recommended,332310,16149669,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,zlawson780139,love game totaly worth the money realy love it add in a car creater and add way where you can get everythinglike creative
,Recommended,332310,16149901,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,jubjub,It's what minecraft should have been...
,Recommended,332310,16144727,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Patrick227,"This game is fantastic. It has an awesome randomly generated world made entirely  out of individual legos that is INCREDIBLY beautiful.This game has no major flaws (assuming that you like open world exploration games that allow you to collect things to build or generally mess with). However, it has its fair share of minor annoyances.The first problem you will notice with this game are its menus. They are clunky. Very clunky. There are slight delays, the mouse is huge (And no option in-game to disable it), and things are organized a little nonsensically. When you open the settings page, you can adjust the volume, disable and enable vibration, and change the terrain quality. Then you also have the options of going in further to video settings, and effects settings. Under video settings you have brightness, resolution, vsync, and then texture quality. Under the effects menu you have fsaa, motion blur, shadow quality, bloom, and a few other settings. This splits the settings you are going to be adjusting for performance across 3 different screens. However, note that if you change the terrain quality, it instantly sets all the effects settings to their defaults.The next problem with this game is its camera. It too is very clunky. navigating the small, narrow hallways of a pyramid is next to impossible as you need to enter the next corridor before the camera properly adjusts, making you walk blindly into anything there. You can't disable the automatic control of this camera, so you leave the game in control of zoom level and various other aspects. You can however manually adjust the camera, but it immediately returns to directly behind your character if you let go of the camera controls for more than half a second (I would love to get a nice view of my character on horseback galloping across the desert, but maybe that is just me). There are also no sensitivity options in the game, which isn't the worst if you use mouse and keyboard, but it is very noticable on the xbox 360 controller.(Side note: I'd kill to play this game in first person)Also, this game has some issues with its controls. They are a bit odd (Jump on spacebar, and right mouse tap, but if you hold right mouse it moves camera. But then attacking is f and left mouse tap, but if you hold left mouse you walk to the place). It would be nice if we could rebind them, and it would be fantastic if we could still bind things to tapping and holding the mosue buttons seperately.Additionally: Often in order to collect studs (The in-game currency) you end up needing to walk around an area to collect everything that an object drops. It can get pretty annoying after a while. It would be nice if the player had a bit of magnetism when it comes to picking them up.Issues aside, this game has a wonderful world to explore, and the collecting aspect is fairly addicting. The animations are great for building, although I would like to see more variation for the attacks. It is far from the worst game in early access."
76561198126881814,Recommended,332310,16232182,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Lagtester,Played the game. Awesome.
,Recommended,332310,16232211,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Matthew E Cornish,Oh. My. God. It's Lego and it's awesome. Need I really say more? Can't wait for this game to develop further!
76561198122236963,Recommended,332310,17515709,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Shade,"I love this game. It's like building with a lego set with unlimited bricks. I played for 2 hours after buying and found: a dragon, sword, 2 guns, 20 characters, and built an epic house.the only thing this game is missing that wont be in the next update is a multiplayer function and a male hairstyle with a ponytail.10/10 4/4 bananas/100 would recommend to anyone."
76561198066279290,Recommended,332310,16882217,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Technostatic,"PLEASE READ!!!Positive, I like:The graphicsHow it playsCharacter cusotmizationThe vehiclesThe toolsThe modelsSkydivingThe exploration part of itThe block system (brick by brick)Negative, I don't like:The camera movementsThe house that you build doesn't do anythingWhat they should add:Vehicle building/customizationLego MindstormsCustom minifigures (Create your own instead of using other minifigure's parts)More things to findMore BiomesThe ability to spawn NPCsThe camera to follow you underwaterA few more pre-buildsMore indoor things to interact or import into the house"
76561198144294335,Recommended,332310,17122342,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Hacksaw Tom,"Bought game, played game, looked at time.Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥been playing for over 6hrs straight, continued playing till started seeing computer as LEGO blocks.LEGO Worlds is an unhealthy addiction for all the senses 10/10."
76561198169912497,Recommended,332310,18657467,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,locke2,It runs sorta slow on my PC BUT STILL GOOD GAME :)
76561198130232240,Recommended,332310,18666206,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,marius,"Imagine living in a world of LEGO, THE PAIN!"
,Recommended,332310,30378275,Posted: 7 March,all,King Penguin,When you play it you will♥♥♥♥♥♥bricks.
,Recommended,332310,16178548,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,The Sandwich Cat,"My childhood was playing with Lego, so when i saw this i instantly bought it. After a several hours playing i can safely say i wasn't disappointed, it captures the pure essence of Lego so perfectly and has so much potential with future updates and i am glad to be a part of this games journey through early access. Everything Is Awesome :D"
76561198047096698,Recommended,332310,17192229,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Deltrugha,its an amzing game but what is it with a pruple light and a big crash. is it becasue my pc is so stupid or is it a random bug?
,Recommended,332310,20258146,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Gabe,This game is amazing and it is diffrent than any other lego game. It is an adventure sandbox with many lego people.
,Recommended,332310,26719594,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Coolio,"controls are pretty aweful, but it's a lego game, so it is still really good. 8/10"
76561198047581370,Recommended,332310,16259406,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,ShadowLancer,"so adventurous! i played it for a while, but it gets kind of boring after you get almost all the charicters, lots of veichles, and all the items. i still reccomend it though for all the lego and minecraft, and roblox fans out there."
,Recommended,332310,18100570,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,gooy,some of the beat money i've ever spent...i'm not saying it's the best game ever (though it's one of the best im my opinion) you have the free element of the best thing in the world...   creativity!fo what ever you want go where ever you want! it makes minecraft look not that great any more.and it's still in beta (early access) so there's lots more to come. (and soon they say in late 2015 or early 2016 there's going to be multiplayer!10/10!highlt reccomend for only £11 (8 when i bought it on sale!)
,Not Recommended,332310,34560062,Posted: 28 August,all,W2wi2,This was better when it was on early access! :(
,Recommended,332310,19949194,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,dummy,can you please make update without making all player game data to the begining again every update cause its so hard to stary again every update in the next update please dont make player data gone reset and please add a machine gun or assault weapon and soldier and a neutral battle droid and droideka please do this
76561198115504981,Recommended,332310,25514715,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,JackMcBean,really smegging cool!
,Recommended,332310,25538299,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,TheGreatGarbo,Really fun.
,Recommended,332310,25545311,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Dumdropper,i had a windows comp now a mac will this come to mac
76561198300730993,Recommended,332310,25503664,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,tdogrocks113,"i like the style but if you have lego worlds, then it lags a lot"
,Recommended,332310,16145056,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,TheScrumpy [NMT],"10/10 You can dig through water with a bazooka.But for real, this game is super fun. Though there's no multiplayer yet, it's fun, the concept is amazing, and it looks beautiful."
76561198169191925,Recommended,332310,30438437,Posted: 10 March,all,SimplyNick,issa ♥♥♥♥ing lit
,Recommended,332310,22713578,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Wabbehh,"This is Fun it was laggy but, its really fun I recommened this game also splitscreen get to play on lan xP"
,Recommended,332310,16210128,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,StoneWolfe,Bought & DownloadedIn 20 minute game:I found and because a pirateRoad a digger through a mountainFound a planeFlew plane into the groundBecame a cavemanBuilt a houseDrove tractor through house20/10 would drive tractor through house again.
76561198085351889,Recommended,332310,16203931,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Apu Apustaja,Dat nostalgia feeling...
,Recommended,332310,16250601,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Cunt,"Makes me feel like kid, building my own lego world and watching it be destroyed. 100/100!!! GREAT GAME! only thing it needs is workshop"
76561198050221397,Recommended,332310,16211716,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,zachwhip,i found and flew a giant eagle10/10
76561198048826447,Recommended,332310,16252975,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,karljuhlke,"I've just purchased this game today and already put over 8 hours in it. Explored a bit in the open world, but ending up building a mansion for my character to live in. This is the ultimate Lego game for any Lego fan."
,Recommended,332310,16210533,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,transgender.hamster.demon,"Really fun! I know it is early access, but there are some glitches. Like a person spazing out in some flowers, but the game is great!"
76561198055593926,Recommended,332310,16143443,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,DUW2PAG,"What can i say it's Lego open world sandbox creation game, who thought so much fun can be had with you joystick.For an Early Access title there is already so much that can be done here from building to exploring and for just £11.99You must have bricks in your brain not to this title.I would use a controller as the Lego Worlds is much easy to play this way."
,Recommended,332310,16121393,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,killakanz,"The game loaded and I dropped into the world from orbit without a parachute. I landed next to horse, so I hopped on and explored my surroundings. I found a pyramid nearby and demolished a wall to get inside. I found a chest, containing a sword! The sword came in handy has a bunch of skeletons were now attacking me! After fighting them off I jumped on a camel and made my escape, then around the next hill I found a volcano with lava flowing everywhere and there I saw a dragon drinking from the lava. I jumped on the dragon's back and flew into the sky, landing on a cloud. After taking in the view we flew back down where we found a bunch of skeletons in a forest surrounding a chest, we fought the skeletons and my dragon died! I raided the chest to find an apple. More skeletons were closing in so I leaped on a nearby bicycle and rode away. On the edge of the forest I found pirates who attacked me. I beat them to pieces with my apple, then got in a nearby buggy and drove off to a sandy beach where I met a scientist with an airplane. I stole her plane and flew off towards the sunset.Then I remembered I'm 30 years old. I should try building a house..."
76561198147810937,Recommended,332310,16176772,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Maybe its lewd?,awsome game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198098213814,Recommended,332310,16829950,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,cyka nuggets,they should bring a multiplayer on this game
,Recommended,332310,16525822,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,BailsBach,"This is a new and improved twist on the LEGO franchise. Explore a gigantic open world in hope that you will find magic chests which will reveal a new item inside. Other than that, go around building anything you want, while unlocking awesome things on the way. It's as if you had actual LEGO built into your computer rather than following a pre-built set!EDIT SINCE V1 Release -I'm really happy with how this game turned out. I know it's not 'the game you bought', but the EA backers signed up for EA! I'm just happy the game got out of early access without failing completely and they've actually supplied us with a great game. I'm unsure on why they needed to go down the route of EA since they're a multi-million pound company, but either way, I'm really enjoying it since V1, more than the early access build.If you didn't get the notice, it's now an actual adventure game - it was always advertised as that. Even though it's kind of RPG like with quests here and there, most if not all quests are you gathering items and building things (using the tools the game gives you to build, create, share; as advertised in the trailer).Definitely worth what they're charging for it; not a game for people who want a traditional lego game like Lego Star Wars Complete Saga on PS2 (one of the best lego games I've ever owned)."
76561198097221141,Recommended,332310,32835266,Posted: 26 June,all,LegendSnowbolt,"Amazing Game, I love the way it feels, It remebers me of lego universe, and the Vast Lands to explore!LegendSnowboltYoutube Legend Snowbolt"
76561198155581361,Recommended,332310,17017478,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,l1am3,neat
,Recommended,332310,18074721,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Good Guy,I recommend this to all lego fans!
76561198313470756,Recommended,332310,35007869,Posted: 16 September,all,jessicasiegal,"THIS GAME IS AMAZING, SO MUCH TO DO! INFINITY! AMAZING GAME 5 OUT OF 5!!!!!!!!! PLAY ITT~~!!!!!"
76561198146637741,Not Recommended,332310,16308249,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Yasioen,tnx for fix the black screen but i has an other problem now that my game crashed all the time now/sometimes in the game in it all the time i can't play like this also i get also all the time mad and been sick of this plz chance/fix this
76561198243260776,Recommended,332310,29106673,Posted: 7 January,all,nickq808,Lagggggggggg
,Recommended,332310,29169200,Posted: 10 January,all,Schwul Cheesecake Jude,10 OUTTA FRICKIN' 10!!! BEST LEGO GAME EVER!!!!!!
,Recommended,332310,17714950,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,[LFG] ALEXBOI.,Awesome!!!!!!!
76561198194095886,Recommended,332310,17311766,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,ShadowCaster,"Best Lego game ever made! so much fun, so much to explore and discover. And so many quests and activities to do! I am from early access, and I think the game is much better. If you TRULY love LEGO then 100% your going to love this!"
,Not Recommended,332310,28172822,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Yeeroy Jenkins,Meh its alright for a hour.After... ITS♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,332310,16125397,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Disasterbenz,Rode a pigMowed the lawn and some ememysDrowned in lavaAttacked cavemenAnd drove off a cliffin 30 mins!10/10 would mow again
,Recommended,332310,30394356,Posted: 8 March,all,Laaaaaaaaaaa,i got the space dlc and the when i run the game and in the first vid the it tells me to load the game and♥♥♥♥♥♥and when i done with that it says something about space -1% and i dose not go up or downWTF IS WRONG WITH THA GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! PLZ FIX
76561198368012116,Recommended,332310,31934855,Posted: 24 May,all,MONKEY D LUFFY,why i cant play this game in windows 10 every few minute game has stoped working please  fix it
,Recommended,332310,16308196,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,GIVE ME 2K PLS,"Not bad, actually"
,Recommended,332310,18619925,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Kor'thara,"9/10 - Needs some work but it's great!This game is alot of fun just from exploration alone, it will get a bit boring once you unlock everything but once your creative mind takes over it's quite a bit of fun, it's still a WIP, so at there's limited blocks to work with, hopefully the devs will add more blocks to the palette of the game so we can build more unique thngs more effectively.As it stands you can't make your own vehicles, hoping this changes in the future.Some minor issues I have with the game currently is the Helicopter is really weird to work with. the Plane goes faster than the world can render, limited prefabs but that's no biggy. The vehicles controll very awkwardly as well, pressing W or S, the direction the vehicle travels depends on your camera facing which makes it frustrating to work with at times.Multiplayer as it stands isn't available but should be after the next major update! woop!It's also cheaper than buying real lego too!, I recomend this to anyone who likes playing with lego and for ages 5+Also you can make prefabs with Lego Digital Designer, you can find downloads for prefabs from other people in the Creative Corner section of the Steam Forums for Lego Worlds."
,Recommended,332310,16930381,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,mrfreeman08,Play it.
,Recommended,332310,33819195,Posted: 26 July,all,diao kai zi,dig holes and find treasure and continue to collect things and waste an entire night and then its 5 am
76561198381570504,Recommended,332310,33822602,Posted: 26 July,all,Sivad1100,I LIKE IT IS FUN
76561198121188858,Recommended,332310,16128781,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Mojo Jojo,AMAZING GAME has lots of potential.
,Recommended,332310,32035226,Posted: 28 May,all,الفهري_,Gembel....
76561198313376680,Recommended,332310,32043401,Posted: 29 May,all,xWorked4itx,I REALLY WANT MULTIPLAYER MODE I THINK THAT WOULD BE FUN TO PLAY ON SEVERS OR WITH SOMEONE ELSE. IT WOULD BE LOTS OF FUN I AM A BIG FAN OF THIS GAME AND I LOVE UR UPDATES SO FAR SO COULD YOU TELL ME IF YOU GUYS A LEGO ARE WORKING ON A MULTIPLAYER OR SEVER UPDATE?
76561198192878918,Recommended,332310,32054385,Posted: 29 May,all,Ja'Crispy,I got to kill a pirate skeleton astronaut with a megabazooka. It's ok.
76561198238133986,Recommended,332310,31793226,Posted: 16 May,all,[B8] Bassie1,good game
76561198193965599,Recommended,332310,16275830,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,wpp1000,Love it needs a few bugs to be fixed that i have found (undo button does not work on i dont know about redo well i think you know why :) )Ability to creeate your own vehicle would be awesome like add in tires seats engines drills cranes ect. open close things my mind is blowing up with the game and what could be added in the futureLove the game have spent hours on it and i just bought it a day ago depending when you read this :)
,Recommended,332310,17622409,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,🎃HauntEDGX🎃,Me : I think I'm going to build and make the best civ-Brain : You will now destroy everything and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥up.(And I got this for 15 dollars. thanks early access!)
76561198142051895,Recommended,332310,16150356,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,The X-Factor,Went sky divingFlew around in my planeBlew up some plants with TNTDid some parkourFought some skeletonsThen came home and played this game
,Recommended,332310,16294690,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,1-800-Chicken Tendies,Im a king riding a dragon. 11/10
,Recommended,332310,30378683,Posted: 7 March,all,aaaaa,"This game is good! but i will make my own adventures and experiens... and make my own game in it like make our own Voice Actor and like make our own story from scratch or make our own Planets and like goo out with the stars. and make games like spore galactic adventures but om the Lego way. but little bit more than spore galactic adventure das, this game is my favorite. becues you can do what you like to do in the game. My game experiens is to make my own stories but that i will making in the game för those how like to develope our own game experiens like mods or smothing like that. thanks for reading! :) this game is a good game. but let it update before you say somthing about it :)"
76561198204853073,Recommended,332310,30727989,Posted: 25 March,all,Jacket,"This is an amazing game. Amazing graphics, and story. You can build anything or do anything thing in this game. I highly recommend this game to any LEGO fan."
76561198043285519,Recommended,332310,26282609,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,moltensteel,at first the learning what does what take a bit to figure out as far as building but other than that super easy and very funeven if you do not build anything. you can travel explore and climb everything i mean everything cliffs cave ceilings treesboulders under the ocean coral caves seaweed. oh and when you go in the ocean get a shark or octopus or other sealifeas a mount to to explore and not need to breath while riding one. there are dry under the ocean caves too. the wholegame is like a craetive mode with a few angery mobs once in a while. mostly when you run into them with a car or mount lol XDonly 2 cons cant choose how you look at first and the learning curve for building at first. (destroy your first world figuring this out)ps i just woke up writting this so grammer spelling  :P
76561197986300285,Recommended,332310,26324678,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,TheCreepySniper,its ok camra is weird
76561198267977609,Recommended,332310,26356992,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,europeanag,I love it
76561197994308658,Recommended,332310,33789440,Posted: 25 July,all,jnzrzr,"It's a lot of fun if you enjoy exploration type games. The graphics are really nice, as well. I find destroying lego objects very satisfying. It could use some additional things to do, of course, but that gets better with each update. I like it."
76561198204042832,Recommended,332310,33789902,Posted: 25 July,all,Double0Seven03|trade.tf,its not bad. Its a great game to play when you are board of other games. its also fun to play when you internet goes down
,Recommended,332310,20573040,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Moose King,"While it wasnt the LEGO World you bought in Early Access, it's still a fun game.*Changed from negative to positive 3/8/17"
,Recommended,332310,16126706,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Angry Gerbil,faceplanted into the worldfound a cowboy and stole his clothsfound a bear and sailed on him across the oceansfound a dragon and flew into the clouds finding numerous scuba divers living on the clouds.420/10
,Recommended,332310,18837221,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,MarkTGS,An awesome sandbox experience from the brick builders themselves!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5yv512eWc84Well worth checking out. Lots of fun for kids especially. May end up being dwarfed by the recent Lego dimensions but still holds its own as a steam title.Well worth getting involved.10/10 I would brick you in the face again.
,Recommended,332310,16203661,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,yume94,Nostalgia.
76561198167409068,Not Recommended,332310,34024593,Posted: 4 August,all,Alpha Lord,"I would not recommend because, this games button system is so hard to get a hold of. Half the time when I want to place something I end up removing it because the remove and rotate camera button are the same but you have to hold to rotate but even if I do hold it removes the brick anyway. The settings menu is so confusing to navagate, and half the time I want to remap a button there isn't a remap setting so all in all I wouldn't recommend for you or your child as it is for hardcore Lego Game players only. But I loved the game when it was in Early Access."
76561198338738805,Not Recommended,332310,34586916,Posted: 29 August,all,Blu_Jay,game keeps crashing
76561198140719537,Not Recommended,332310,34694249,Posted: 2 September,all,ambmy9,the old game was better but now it sucks cuz when an update happens i lose all my stuff i worked on
,Not Recommended,332310,33442143,Posted: 10 July,all,Marsy,"I bought it only for the co-op part, but it suck really bad. Not worth it!"
76561198032977242,Not Recommended,332310,16762476,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,AMPleWARning,"The game works. But at this point, the camera and ""floating"" while building make it near impossible to build even a wall. Could not snap objects together but maybe I just couldn't find it. Paid for it, runs fine. Would like to play it, but not at this stage in development."
76561197970993359,Not Recommended,332310,23590151,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Giomanach,those who bought this game right at the start to get them where they are got screwed as new buyers get one free copy now that multiplay is out ...so screw the people who have been giving them feedback and bug reports and help them get where they are now
76561198107487129,Not Recommended,332310,23606141,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,TylerDoomPro,I've had more fun stepping on LEGO®
76561198052789523,Not Recommended,332310,31568136,Posted: 5 May,all,Bearrie,"Bought it when it was still Early Access.- Building in this game is terrible. I can't imagine how a 7-year old could build something in this game- Repetitive quests- Still extremely boring- Draw distance is still awful- Exploration was better in Early Access- No key rebinding- The controls are really bad, doesn't matter if you use controller or KB+MI wish I could refund this game."
76561198051482754,Recommended,332310,24535319,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Sex Warrior,killin' your little bro in split screen - the game
,Recommended,332310,23540582,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,🅱 a l e x spooki edition,GIVE ME THE FREE COPY!!!
,Recommended,332310,18818416,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,dinosaurs8782,"Can there be a workshop to this game? For example: Your own lands, Buildings, Models, etc!PLZ :("
,Not Recommended,332310,19948177,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,[SAP] TheLazySamurai [SCRUB],"Its basically a different flavour of Minecraft's creative mode, where you still have health and can fight, but you need to discover the types of blocks to place them.Interesting concept, plays well, just not for me."
76561198261137477,Not Recommended,332310,30345316,Posted: 5 March,all,Cooldudebruh,not as fun as i intended from the trailer its boring but maybe someone who is more creative might have fun
,Not Recommended,332310,30378803,Posted: 7 March,all,tommyb,"Promising, and good fun, but OH MY GOD THE CAMERA CONTROLS. They're dire. It's putting me off playing the game as it's so bad.If you can overlook that (or find a setup that works for you) then it's a good game that works well. Yes, theres not much plot  but if you want to just build stuff it's great fun. I can't reccomend it until there's a better camera setup though."
,Not Recommended,332310,22799610,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,乃ԾԾｱ™,Gets boring really quick.
,Recommended,332310,30391492,Posted: 8 March,all,Betatross,Just add sandbox mode again :(
,Recommended,332310,30378129,Posted: 7 March,all,Some Doucheb🅰g,"FOR THOSE WHO THINK THAT THERE ARE OBJECTIVES OR STORY PROGRESSION, THIS IS NOT FOR YOU.EDIT: WHOAAAA MY BAD GUYS, OBJECTIVES WITH FULLY VOICED NARRATION!!!  :DItems and randomness of characters are cool and multiplayer (only played local) is okay, my bet is online will be way better (having a full screen to yourself than half, 'specially when crafting/changing appearance/etc..). I hope the ""waypoint markers"" system is revamped (kinda wierd). Graphics at max makes the game way pretty (huge diff imo).I bought it when in Early Access."
,Recommended,332310,23042918,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,yippaaaaa!?,The memories...
76561198049007407,Not Recommended,332310,30603527,Posted: 18 March,all,Tjsoup,completely different than what it used to be.
,Not Recommended,332310,30879795,Posted: 1 April,all,Lenin,"I MISS EARLY ACCESS, ALL THE FREEDOM! NOW YA CANT DO ANYTHING! ITS LIKE A HORRIBLE RPG GAME!!!! ADD A FEATURE TO SWITCH BACK!! OR JUST RESTORE ITS EARLY ACCESS GLORY!!!!"
76561198255825346,Not Recommended,332310,21953519,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,MyTeamIsFuckingGarbage,I was all hyped and everything after the review i couldnt wait to play after 2 min worst game ive played so far. The control are terrible the way you build stuff is so bad honestly 100% dissapointed i was expecting something like lego this game has no goal and the worst part the way you build stuff is soooooo terrible i cant even describe how bad this game is sorry guys so disapointed here....
76561198005407783,Not Recommended,332310,30387195,Posted: 8 March,all,Crusty J,Not the game i paid for.from 5 stars to none
76561198002675913,Not Recommended,332310,16766371,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,luisfpf,Fancy graphics.... and thats it...
,Recommended,332310,26624062,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,monk king,"Every piece IS important marked on cardboard box left in dumpster behind Rough Ralf's last stand, the bar of which was written on the sign, the wooden sign above the heavy door that gave way to listless bliss, Peter was keen on Pearl Gate's womanly legs, daughter of Bill, and would do anything to get between them, So there, he sat atop the bar seat, ordering Scotch on the ""rocks"" unbeknowningly to the bar's tender, he attending the bar, and beneath his trench tucked was a silenced peestool; he had traced Pearl to the bar from pictures that he kept in various folders on his personal computer in his dorm. Bill was off delivering a shipment of Window 8 to the local Russian Militia, and there he had decided was his chance to penetrate the gates of heaven, the door to Pearl's delicious peach, of which sat atop the cat's perch, a ruffian ♥♥♥♥♥ by the handle ""Paul"" as he meowed. Two fires then a third and Pearl was ready to dismantle, and Peter ate meat loaf for dinner, for he was Vista Proficient, lastly."
,Not Recommended,332310,23346784,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Wingfox,£11.99 wasted. I thought it may have potential the first time I got it but now I don't see any or hardly at all.
,Not Recommended,332310,22849721,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,andrizzle,"This game is OK, but I have to say it gets boring after a few days of playing. I feel like a kid would regret spending their allowance on this game."
76561197978740007,Recommended,332310,16229769,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Erwin Rommel,can you fix lag plese and add dinosaurs and big planes more guns like mini guns and i love this game
76561197970260154,Not Recommended,332310,31159776,Posted: 15 April,all,Bishop,"The controls make this game unplayable on PC.  The typical WASD keys moved the character around, but for some reason, RIGHT Mouse Click + Movement moved the camera around instead of just mouse movement.  The player would hit TAB to view tools to use but to switch back to the normal mode, you have to move the mouse up to the corner and click close.  Hitting ESCAPE should have accomplished this, but if you hit that key, another menu comes up.  I lasted 18 minutes playing this before it became unbearable.  Thankfully, I was able to get a refund from Steam.EDIT : fixed typos"
,Not Recommended,332310,31617831,Posted: 7 May,all,Autistic Goalkeeper,"Not a living world yet. Npc intelligence is lower than a chicken in sandbox mode. No traffic ,npcs  keep going over streets and destroying props with the mower =). But ye you can dig ground with 10 different vehicles, if u want.. =s"
,Recommended,332310,23576908,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Bobo2217,"First off let me point out that its still in early access. Many things are STILL being added, and from what i see in other reviews, everyones getting all pissy about no multiplayer. You have to realize that many other things need to be added in before multiplayer can be put in.That being said, this game is great! Its about what youd expect from a lego open world game, and while theres not much to do at the moment, its a really great game!"
76561198300474612,Recommended,332310,34567202,Posted: 28 August,all,ThePeaceMaster,Please come to mac soon!
76561198138607866,Recommended,332310,30399897,Posted: 8 March,all,King Nick of Greece,"So, I originally bought this game the first day it was released in Early Access, back in June 2015. At first, I loved the game, but after a couple of hours, got extremely bored. There wasn't much to do except explore endlessly.Over the course of the Early Access period, I only really played about 14 hours of the game, but that all changed when the game was officially released.When I first opened up the game, I was blown away by how much had changed. There was now a basic storyline that blended in with a tutorial, which was really fun to play. Once you get past the three ""tutorial worlds"", you earn some freedom, allowing you to find and explore small worlds.The fact that you have to go on quests for characters in order to earn Gold Bricks is really well done. It gives you some purpose in the game, wanting to progress on to bigger and better worlds, so you participate in the quests and interact with the environment.Speaking about interacting with the environment, this game provides something so little games can: A completely interactive and alive. Almost everything you see can be saved, modified, and interacted with in some way. Want to surf on a crocodile through a city? No problem. Want to search worlds and worlds in lieu of a gold jewel for a squirrel and in return he gives you a steak? Go for it! The possibilities are seemingly endless in this game.But by far, the best feature I have come across so far is the generated cities. They are beautifully built. Most of the houses are unique and all interactive. Minifigures drive around in cars on their own accord and do so relatively well (but it's always funny to see a 3-car pileup while a police officer eats a donut). But the real star of the towns are the Town Hall. Yes, the modular building released by LEGO back in 2012 is a generated structure in the game. Being my favourite modular, it was really cool to explore (in first-person) the set. If you were to build your own city, the minifigures would go about daily business and drive around by themselves, truely bringing your city alive.There are a few bugs, but no doubt they'll be fixed in later versions.However, this game is not perfect yet. I really want the ability to build your own vehicles (cars, planes, trains, pirate ships, etc) and dirve them around. Also, a ""superflat"" option would be amazing. You would be able to completely mould the landscape to your own desires using the Landscape tool.I really am looking forward to the DLC packs, and I'm expecting some good additions. PS4's getting an exclusive LEGO Agents pack, which leads me to believe we could be seeing packs based off of LEGO Themes. Maybe Ninjago?This game is great, even at the full price of $30, unless you bought it for $15 back in Early Access. I would highly recommend this game if you're a fan of LEGO, sandbox worlds, or just fun games in general."
,Not Recommended,332310,29315255,Posted: 17 January,all,aM.Knowing,"Did refund the game.PROs:- LEGO- neet graphics- LEGO! no srsly the game captures the LEGO vibe perfectlyCONs:- Abysmal mouse/keyboard controls- controler controls make the best of it. Still not good- menus are convoluted and counter intuitive if you want to build fast and efficient- cannot create real light sources (I know there are glowing blocks, but they only illuminate themselfs)- sever lack of ""exotic"" but very common block types. (I understand thats most certenly not the scope of the game. still a bummer for me)- camera in build modeDISCLAIMER: obvsly my opinions on controls and menus are my own. And I wont disagree that you most certenly could get quiet good results with training. But why train if I can jump in any other of this games and go full speed right away?This game is great for kids and for adults who are not heavy into block building games on pc beforhand. However if you come from minecraft, starmade and so on the whole thing is more a gimmick than anything else.I really love LEGOs and LEGO games and block building games. And imho if you fit my short description above you will most certenly love this game for fun. But not for building."
,Recommended,332310,16198870,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,קȽɥɱקÿğ¤åț£ȑž,my ♥♥♥♥ing pc cant run this game. 10/10
76561197961315113,Not Recommended,332310,27356166,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Iskai,"The most awful, confusing controls imaginable. No objective. No explanation of what the game is."
,Recommended,332310,23547446,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Jellykatten,"It's a preety good game for some people just not for me so im gonna give it a thumbs up, because i think many other would like it."
76561198051337011,Not Recommended,332310,18549282,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Oliviero,♥♥♥♥
76561198129873921,Not Recommended,332310,16843833,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,The Real Flash,"Terrible Graphics annoying cuttscenes and third person, i expected a game where i could have an adventurte but unless your a wizard your gonna have to m ake your own, and you cant even make custom homes so it takes away from the gamethey should also add somthing like pre generated structures and a first person mode because its really annoying to me, another thing i would like to add is that it has terrible gameplayThe End Pandamanfordayz"
,Recommended,332310,23617420,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,King deRan,I just bought the game and I dont know how to redeem the free copy for a friend.. can anyone help?
76561198234628604,Not Recommended,332310,23670844,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,CaptainCrunch,Its terribly LAGGY
76561198023879139,Recommended,332310,23612401,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,SEKfile [Marko],good game
,Not Recommended,332310,23698718,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Paul Nixon,♥♥♥♥ early adopters am i right?
,Not Recommended,332310,25471824,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,SideShot,"The game is not nescessarily 'bad' don't get me wrong, but there is many vital flaws which make the game unenjoyable to me. The first problem is the camera in general. In first person, you basically have to hold right click to move your 'head' around which is annoying and the camera should just be moved by mouse movement alone, not by holding down the mouse click. Same goes for third person, It should be auto centered around the players back. The camera should be one of the first things to be properly implemented into a game before the release. Overall the game has potential but I wouldn't reccomend a purchase until the game goes through Further Development. Also some incorporation of the steam workshop would be nice, such as having custom maps and player models. On the topic of customization, maybe themed player models, eg: Star Wars (if you guys have the rights to put it in game) Lego City, Miners, etc...Tl;dr : Game has a very buggy and poorly made camera system, lack of customization, and overall you shouldn't purchase it until it gets further improvments."
,Recommended,332310,22072649,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,pq3,"I spotted a huge tower when I was flying using the helicopter.Climbed on the top of this tower.Looted the chest over the platform on the highest level.Received a telescope.Watched over the horizon for other towers (aka synchronize).Spotted another tower with a chest.Jumped down like a leep of faith.It didn't hurt and the character has laughed.10/10 I would loot and jump again.https://youtu.be/V9mhV6Fc7Ak---Keep it up, devs! A lot of content and beautiful live-rendered landscapes. I can swim underwater and jumping over the land with a stingray or shark. You have almost unlimited resources of FREE LEGOs - creative minds would be in heaven. So funny and really enjoybable. Unfortunately the game may be boring for persons who looks for role-played-interactive-with-npcs game (bots which stands neutral to you are almost idling or hijacking your lion). I would love see if It bots can be ""programmed"" [by player/steam workshop content] to do something. Also it is related to player - he almost must do his adventure job forever (the *tamagochI* game-model is missing)."
76561198046683708,Not Recommended,332310,16752119,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Very Old Timer,You have to unlock EVERY CHARACTER AND PIECE OF IT yourself as well as other things. I refunded this to pay for Mass Effect 2. Maaaan.
76561198260299740,Not Recommended,332310,19102260,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,TehSpooderman,The game is not working and I bought it today. And I have tried more than three times to play the game and soon if I do not get on the game I want a refund for the game. Because it is not acceptable for me I had spent 12 pounds for a game that does not work at all. That is a waste of money. If you want the new players to have a great time playing 1. I can not get on 2. it crashes 3.spend 12 pounds for a fun game I thought and I can not play it. I earned money and I wanted to spend it on something else. but I thought this game was fun and silly. but no. I am not happy at all. guess what I even might try one more time if it does not work I will have a refund. This is crap. I want my money back. all I got lost. Thanks guys now I can not get my money back. If there was stars I would rate it one. I hope you fix it. Cause then I would think twice.
76561198094898882,Not Recommended,332310,22041131,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,rastaxia,it isnt so fun there are a couple of things to do and when you done with it its boring
76561198033087299,Not Recommended,332310,22028528,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Riggs,Never past the loading screen...
,Not Recommended,332310,30393644,Posted: 8 March,all,Pandemon1c,"Nope. Boring and limited, no creative mode, not much to do and the worst controls ever."
,Not Recommended,332310,16809024,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,GasMask,"Lego version of Minecraft? Nice!I really like the game. But the camera control is awful in my opinion... If it wasn't that, i'd give a thumbs up."
,Not Recommended,332310,29519885,Posted: 27 January,all,Plati ☆,"I really like the concept of the game and how everything plays and feels like, and I always wished for a game like this.Unfortunally I expierience heavy frame drops every couple of seconds, which I could not solve at all. Updated my graphic cards drivers, put down every single graphics option in the settings, closed every other program on my PC and more. The issue is probably not my PC, since other graphic-intense games like Overwatch or The Witcher 3 run perfectly fine, but if the issue is my PC, please tell me how to solve it. I would love to play this game properly.EDIT: My PC Specs:Windows 10AMD Radeon R9 380AMD FX 83508 GB RAM"
76561198159913430,Not Recommended,332310,17032825,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,visconti,"Slow as a snail dragging an elephant behind it DO NOT BUY it isn't worth the while. I coundn't even take one step in the game, so take that $15 elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,332310,22649274,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Cookie,Nah just a waste of time and money would not recomend spending 15 euros on a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game =l
76561197963611058,Not Recommended,332310,30403623,Posted: 8 March,all,Creed1374,"Freezes, glitches, 1.0 disaster - not worth it"
,Not Recommended,332310,34266385,Posted: 15 August,all,RaiderzNation,Bought the game in EA. At the time it was the best Lego game I had ever played. Then it cam out of EA and they made the game so linear with all the stupid missions. I liked the game way better before. 5/10
76561198089437702,Recommended,332310,23540994,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,RiotTurtle,Finally multiplayer it has been a year and 13 days!!!! not like anyones counting...
,Recommended,332310,16306152,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,MrNobodyX3,"This is one of the few games I give this to. A rating of 'Nintendo Grade'Take it as you will. Ignoring the company and their recent actions. What Nintendo Grade means to me is a game that takes gameplay over gimics, quality over a fast sell, and above all the true feeling that the development team puts their heart and soul in the creation.Though the game at it's current state needs work, alot more added, and needs overlooks on features. I have no doubt this will be a great game upon it's full release.__The game in current state has very little. It's basicly just a builder with afew vehicles, animals (all ride-able), and characters. You can explore the land to find these, along with various props. World size is vast but with very little land features. I've dug deep and have found no cave, chasm, or other reasons to dig for exploration. The water will be updated later for an actual water system. For now it is a blue-clear brick mass you can swim in and drive boats on. That's the extent of it. You can also use digger or other brick removers to cut wholes that persist, in the ""water"".For building you have three options:""Terrain Edit"" Has your standard tools, raise/lower, level, smooth, add/remove. By using this you can build large areas fast; While letting the game figure out what brick goes where. Currently no way to change the area sizes.""Brick by Brick"" This is where I feel they need to re-evaluate this system. At it's current build it feels like a block builder with Lego themed blocks. What I mean by this it does not limit the way you connect bricks together. With other software like Lego Digital Designer it doesn't not allow connections to be made if a peg isn't being place under a slot. For Lego Worlds you can place a brick by any side, not the peg to slot only. Which I think is needed to be true Lego. In this mode they have a feature I love ""Overlap"" with this you can overlap peices. However, it doesn't really overlap! It actually does a boolean difference, in a rather smart way. It cuts the shape of the brick you overlapped out of the brick(s) pushed it into. Then replaces the brick(s) with new bricks that can take the new shape. This feature can be used to get the shape of the doorway you wanted. A beautiful feature I didn't expect and now can't live without.""Prop Placement"" Simple enough. Take pre-built structures, props like bushes, tables, or doors, and then place them in the world fast and easy. You can even select and save structures you have created. Even with the Lego Digital Designer mentioned earlier, you can export and import the LDD files use from there. All to make fast creation of your structures._People who have commented, ask for material bricks. Example, bown is dirt or grey is stone. This to me is a bad idea, as it limits what the bricks can be used for. It limits what the imagination can use the brick for and Lego is all about imaginative play. So for that reason I hope this doesn't come to be.The game is truely at a state that can't be judged however from what I have played and seen. This game won't dispoint Lego fans or just creative builders."
76561198258695748,Recommended,332310,23942622,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,fishMcfish,i love this game its the best
76561198136827108,Recommended,332310,23969604,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,TrustedChimp,i like the hole all about the game everythings awsome  the only small thing i noticed tho is that the cars are hard to handle maybe make it so that there is a gas option for forwards and back so like on a xbox one/360 controllert the RT is forward and the LT is backwards other then that the games grate
,Not Recommended,332310,23811704,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Nick,"This game did not run well at all on a higher end pc. It was very laggy and glitchy and the draw distance is not very good even with it turned up.It also wasn't very fun. There isn't much objective. I got this to play with my toddler and we both lost interest in 15 minutes, so I refunded."
76561198272459560,Recommended,332310,29100211,Posted: 7 January,all,mustafa2005,its a cool big crazy game all kinds of creatures and viachels.
76561198071429626,Recommended,332310,22015532,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Angel,Great Lego sandbox game!
,Recommended,332310,24081644,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,3rdEyeRio [Alpha Theater],"This game is really good for ebing a small game for now.  I think this has the potential to become bigger.What I liked:Open world to explore insimple controlsbeat the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥out of othersits LEGO, no more stepping on themWhat I Disliked:The Camera is very glitchyWhen you drive a vheicle the controls dont let you go backwards at firstI think what could spice up this game is a first person view option and even a bigger world! I would like to see objectives added to the game to keep you going for gold"
,Not Recommended,332310,32161785,Posted: 3 June,all,D.j.l.lewis,"This game is just endless quests. Each type of world contains the same quest, find one quest in the candy world and you will find it again on a diffrent world. If you like building out of lego then there is sandbox mode, but the main game is just endless quests."
76561198118113189,Not Recommended,332310,20075711,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Åtten,Very disappointing game :(
76561198157976205,Recommended,332310,30385225,Posted: 7 March,all,Migo,nice
,Recommended,332310,21769235,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Mr Bryn 👌,Great game but wait till it finished :)
76561198307284906,Not Recommended,332310,29445303,Posted: 23 January,all,Slayer Nicolii,only fun at the start then it gets very boring and laggy  honestly Trove is like 10 times better than this AND ITS FREE . I am very upset b/c I wasted the money I got for christmas on this and I cant even give my friend a copy like they said I could . Over all DON'T buy the game unless you like doing the same laggy thing for hours
,Not Recommended,332310,29857416,Posted: 11 February,all,Snark,"theres no reset controls buttoncontrols got mixed up and cant even find where or how they are messed up,downvoted"
76561197990744159,Not Recommended,332310,30392509,Posted: 8 March,all,Ban885,game was fun for a while exploring and such but the controls are freaking terrible for building. both mouse and keyboard and a controller are terrible.the camera position is what is pissin me offalso the frame rate is lowdrops below 30 fps with gtx 970
,Not Recommended,332310,20074114,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Dovafox,Nothing to do at all
,Not Recommended,332310,16926789,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Wolf,this game is still glitchy i got in the driller and i flew away and now i die when i respawn soo yea i dont recommend this game YET
76561198009893665,Not Recommended,332310,20122891,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,mosblest,"My kids were super excited this was being made since they love Minecraft and Legos. Tons of potenital here but no Mac version makes it difficult to recommend. Most Lego games are multiplatform, Minecraft is multiplatorm and a mobile version would be huge as well."
,Not Recommended,332310,19709830,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Tamer,"The game had a lot of potential and in the beginning it seemed as though it would allow you to build models using LEGO. However the game is very basic and is aimed more at a very young audience.You mostly explore and collect items, with very little emphasis on building. It could have been any other brand... the fact that it is LEGO does not add anything to the experience.Vehicles are simply templates that you spawn into the world, instead of allowing you to build your own vehicles that can be driven. This game was unfortunately a lost opportunity and had so much potential."
,Not Recommended,332310,20689831,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,iiPsychic,It's awesome.Especially when it crashes every damn time I get into a car.
,Not Recommended,332310,20275928,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,human after all,"not a very fun game, mainly just an adventure sandbox that incorporates lego's digital designer. customization is very limited. i'll try coming back to this game for its official release, but fow now it can't compete against minecraft."
76561198202240022,Not Recommended,332310,21345858,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Threeze,This game need multiplayer!!!!!!!!!
76561198079443991,Not Recommended,332310,21354884,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Kirsten,nothing to do if you dont like making your own everyhing
76561198064482227,Recommended,332310,23605185,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,americajuana,"Cool game , the kids love it !"
76561198238166694,Recommended,332310,23600706,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,vortexfred5,its a good game but gets boring after a while.
76561198166178896,Not Recommended,332310,23016666,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,JesterTheChester,I had this game for like a day of two then i refunded because i didn't feel like i wanted this game yet cause i got this game a few hours after it came out and i liked it but not compleatly it needs more too it and in it before i will buy it again but dont get me wrong i had quite a bit of fun with it while i had it but it wasn't enough so i will buy it when its finished or close to being finished
76561198125316904,Not Recommended,332310,18049393,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,FuzzForBrains,"Now i'm not saying the game is bad, it may very well be good, but there is one big issue that I hope gets fixed soon. (especially sinse I payed for the game) I can't run the game smoothly at all, I have Windows 8.1 and Windows 7 Ultimate, along with an ASUS DDR3 Motherboard, Intel Core i5 4440S CPU @ 2.80GHz, RAM: 10.0GB Dual-Channel DDR3 @ 665MHz, 4095MB NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980 Graphics Card, and well over 3TB of hard drive space and I still can't run the game smoothly at even the lowest of the lowest settings. There really is no reason why I or anybody else with specs like mine or better (or even lower depending on how low) shouldn't be able to run this game on decent settings let alone not even the lowest. If you ask me, I would reccomend that you hold off on getting this game until they fix this problem. Sadly until then I have to give this game a thumbs down."
76561198294233909,Not Recommended,332310,23651243,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,wow267,"i find it awkward to control. it would be much better if you made the character follow the mouse cursor in conjuction with using the movement keys, WASD. I find the games that use that system much more enjoyable to play. if that type of control was added i would change my recomendation to yes."
,Recommended,332310,23575046,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,iron butt,i really in joy this game so fun no lag runs so well
76561198120874827,Not Recommended,332310,20196551,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,ForgedSentinel101,this game is a hunk of sh*t and sucks donkey balls nothing much i can tell buy terraria if you like building soooodont buy this game
,Not Recommended,332310,20310323,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,mellkirk,game sucks major♥♥♥♥
76561198162802756,Recommended,332310,23643447,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,T.w ² Freshy Banana,could get bored in week add a story to it
76561198025506943,Recommended,332310,23559304,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Defensive Wall,"Fantastic game, can't wait to see how far it goes from here."
,Recommended,332310,30402336,Posted: 8 March,all,[-_-]Stickman,Currently watching this game's ratings decline in proportion to my in game FPS.
,Not Recommended,332310,21784599,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Kill_Joy93,"i thought it was fun, not crap."
,Recommended,332310,26752999,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,JNinjaPug,Minecraft: we r da best an no 1 can bet us!Lego Worlds: U sur bout datMinecraft: yeaLego Worlds: o...Lego Worlds: Well we haz gam 2!Minecraft: O RLY?!THE ENDEpilogue- Lego Worlds is released and then fades away into the void while Minecraft adds llamas.
,Recommended,332310,30402178,Posted: 8 March,all,MonsterNeal,great game. i had it for early access and there wasnt a real purpose other then randomly doing things. with the full release they add a little bit of a back story on reasons to explore and go discover other worlds and BIGGER worlds. you actually level up now that gives you more to do. people complain about the world being small well if you just play for a little bit you will only be on small worlds but you have the ability to fly off to other planets and gain the ability to discover much larger worlds. If you like legos and building things with legos then you will enjoy it. simple as that. for kids who like legos? well they will really like this. i wish i had this game as a kid and wish my kids were older so i could play it with them. people who give it a thumbs down our just debbie downers . go onto youtube and watch people play it.
76561197984220043,Not Recommended,332310,25768570,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,metpolis,I do not recommend this game. its not lke the video at all its still early acsess and after a half anhour i refunded.
76561198199849999,Not Recommended,332310,17127610,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,mihale.andrei,"why i don't recomand it?yes, it's a good idea,but,needs a lot of work.you need a good pc to run it perfecly ,while if you have a wekear pc ,it will be a dezaster.And,the early access game thing, i don't like it,because much better , for me ,would be to wait a year or two years ,and then, i would get iti don't want to be mean , but still, is a good game ."
76561198028990816,Not Recommended,332310,17113760,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,8BitJake,"This game is PURE SH!T!writing a review of how crappy this game is, is far more entertaing then the game!Nothing to do at all!!BORING!!"
76561198009565196,Recommended,332310,21033377,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Aris_Shark,Its great if you have kids to play it he he
,Recommended,332310,16767621,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Castino Blueberry,its awsome BUTT the game it crashes to easly butt i need to get a new grafix card! so ya cant wait until the new up date!~
76561198071578708,Not Recommended,332310,30517707,Posted: 14 March,all,scorpio,the controlls are♥♥♥♥♥♥it handles like♥♥♥♥♥♥it runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥its♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,332310,31508579,Posted: 2 May,all,Epicepson,Wlegego worldsdz best fffif you not like lego wolrlzx you = suckdepcipecjpepson
76561198015531424,Not Recommended,332310,19964486,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Edwin two face,"Really♥♥♥♥♥♥ i want a more building friendly building game and i miss a lot of detail, i can live with not being able to build cars and such."
,Recommended,332310,28383359,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Crazy Carrot,"Great, fun and addictive Lego video game."
,Not Recommended,332310,16252701,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Ben Harris,"A very impressive tech demo for Minecraft 2 creative mode, but not much of an actual game with goals just yet.  Nothing you do or find or create has any meaning at this point, so it gets boring fast.  Camera is awful, controls are console-y, and draw distance is way too limited.  I'll try it again when it's done, but I don't have much hope for a fun survival game with a purpose."
,Recommended,332310,16194274,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,zorbakpants,"Guys, It's an actually FUN lego game. Finally. However, if your PC is at the ""Recommended"" specs, the game will run, but will run at less than 25 fps.TL;DR: good game, buy if your PC isnt a toaster"
,Recommended,332310,30402499,Posted: 8 March,all,james.kay,"Having followed the ups and mostly downs through Early Access it is true that this game is not what it promised to be. Previously it offered vast, open worlds to explore and build in BUT was fairly tedious and got boring fast.This release version has MUCH smaller worlds, which is a shame, BUT has some direction and goals. Initially it hold your hand a little too much if you're expecting a Minecraft but once you get going I think it's a better game than the Early Access versions. Sure, it's a shame the worlds are as small as they are but it retains the fun of Lego building (and destroying)."
76561198041203035,Recommended,332310,22919018,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,amusquiz,"The building is lacking, but other then that it's good."
,Recommended,332310,20797563,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,SpaceX24,This is A W E S O M E!!!!!!!!!! I build a giant Kingdom and I have so much in it I built it myself and this game is very Adicting.
76561198181136358,Recommended,332310,31853224,Posted: 19 May,all,zoko808,OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG i like lego worlds u can crewate anytihng!anything*!
76561197996762492,Not Recommended,332310,17681744,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Gott,"Dont waste the money. If you like Minecraft and like the hardships of it, well there is none of that here. This is basically a modeling program, not a game. Imaging being stuck in free build mode always, thats what this game is. There is no inventory, no need to gather anything, ever! There is no real playability, as you are given everything the second you start.THis game make me be ashamed of loving Real Life Lego's."
76561198089579129,Recommended,332310,33827393,Posted: 27 July,all,StarZod,LOL I GOT THIS WHEN IT WAS CHEAP
,Not Recommended,332310,34727138,Posted: 3 September,all,suriver22,I had high hopes for this game but it just fell flat (I am a huge fan of Lego). I played it while in alpha and enjoyed my experience and when I picked it up after release it just felt like it was down graded I don't know what happened in my time away from it but what I do know is that in this condition I advise to not pick it up.
,Recommended,332310,28302422,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,RazXvan,mehh. who doesnt like lego?add the steam workshop in it :I
,Not Recommended,332310,28329900,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,One Man One Pole,bland and stale nothing to do and no incentive to keep playing. it feels more like a tech demo then a game
76561198222110912,Not Recommended,332310,17051573,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,angiesbox,no laptop controls are hard wast of monty 4 laptop!!!
,Recommended,332310,16737051,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,CKC ~ 陳嘉俊,"Lego, thats all you need to know......."
76561198351180172,Not Recommended,332310,34566028,Posted: 28 August,all,mrmacmac,Kids didn't really get into the game
76561198029886094,Recommended,332310,16151817,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,rourou,There are no words to describe it. I feel like 5 years old again... Will be better than Minecraft for sure  !!!
76561198200905570,Not Recommended,332310,20418020,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,tuk,please make it for mac as well
,Recommended,332310,22116625,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,DaggerfallNerd,"Not bad thus far, it is Early access.this game needs quite a bit of work, but it has potential, lots of potential.you sometimes will warp if you edit terrain underground, or if you are climbing underground on the ceiling.and sometimes sides of objects (albeit very small) arent rendered.and by partial controller support they werent kidding :pcant wait to see this game grow from here on out."
76561198063886358,Not Recommended,332310,33828943,Posted: 27 July,all,Damp Ankan,"Badly optimized, the game is pretty empty and may be fun for kids between 5-10 years old but not anything else. I love lego but sadly can't recommend this."
76561197988323561,Not Recommended,332310,34127769,Posted: 9 August,all,Toejam264,"I have to give this a negative, because of the bugs. Random crashes, Camera sometimes gets stuck and then you cannot even get in the Menu and so on.Also the controls suck on the PC: You want to jump in vehicle and see thw floating Q, but when you press it the guy drawss the building tool. BTW building: way too clumsy.I would like to give thumbs up because the game would be fun, but I don't support devs that publish games half finished."
,Not Recommended,332310,30402343,Posted: 8 March,all,Caterpie,I really liked this game in its alpha stages and i could run it with a 32-bit computer that couldn't run Unturned and now my 64-bit Intel core-5 can't run it on the lowest graphics.
,Recommended,332310,22621161,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,SC709 GM @ SC (saas),"Only complaint–can't meet other players, wish it were like an mmo of lego, oo!, and maybe we could have the friends feature and maybe even marriage feature...not for those under 15 or 18 though...divorce drama would ensue..."
76561198144807674,Recommended,332310,30662933,Posted: 21 March,all,Christhegamer12,Awsome
,Recommended,332310,23227467,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Mrfuzz117,"I want them to add more, like objectives and a survival aspect, like minecraft, but with legos, and more computer cotroller support, also first person, other than that I think it's great."
,Recommended,332310,16691291,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,AEGIS,"Fun exploration game, building takes a while but is very fun :D"
,Recommended,332310,16787595,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,RmDTa,10/10 gr8 b8 m8
,Recommended,332310,16225696,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Parple,- find an ostrich- ride it and run like a tard- punch some cavemen in the face- destroy moutains with your dragon10/10
,Recommended,332310,23211476,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,garretttron,"great but  it need some things for the water area, number 1 there needs to be more submarines and subs that can attack stuff, like a u boat or nucler sub, an you may ask why you want  attack subs or more subs, is because there's only one sub in the game, number 2 there needs to be a water climate system and the sense of depth, what i mean to say with sense of depth, is that it gets darker the deeper you go and climate system is like when your in a warm area the water becomes clearer, number 3 can you add sea monsters. So those are my 3 request, but the game is awsome!"
76561197970560168,Recommended,332310,23222085,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Giraffe turd,add in proper controller support because im sick of trying to disconnect the xbox controller and reconect for nothing to happen. do it please or you may lose a supporter. what i mean is fix the one pc multiplayer please
76561198072783559,Recommended,332310,16194556,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,EveWake,Its actually amazing
,Recommended,332310,16247175,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Carl,My name Jeff
76561198122536171,Not Recommended,332310,30883319,Posted: 1 April,all,crowshadow,hard to control
76561198275409745,Not Recommended,332310,24213103,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,6654522,My son tried it out.No understandable gaming approach. No defined objectives. A bit crappy interface comparing other LEGO games.Switched to beta - no significant changes.Overall: Refunded.
76561198363752924,Not Recommended,332310,31202085,Posted: 17 April,all,superminylink,"I wish I could play this but the game wont load past the opening screen! After the command to press any key, the game crashes. My laptob is brand new and still has a lot of space so I am fairly certain that it has nothing to do with my computer. I hope a patch will fix this! I would love to play this game and I've been excited to play for a while. I would only recommend the game if I could actually get the chance to play it..."
,Not Recommended,332310,33429962,Posted: 10 July,all,dispereo,"I had a lot of fun with Lego Worlds, that needs to be said. However, eventually I just got horribly frustrated with the controls. I don't expect it to go with the same controls that other games have, but they are just simply not logic.I've also spent a lot of time collecting the golden bricks and these quests often didn't make any sense to me and I failed a few because I just didn't figure out how to complete them. A good example is one quest in the beginning, where I had to bring chickens and pigs into a stable. Each time I managed that, another pig or chicken escaped the stable. So I was basically expected to have a speedrun to complete this quest.In the end, I just gave up as I decided the game wasn't fun for me anymore. Maybe at some point I'll have a look at it again."
76561198042206774,Recommended,332310,18515309,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,kyle.w9532,Good game
76561198098609324,Recommended,332310,18535542,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Pealz,Great Fun
76561198042528523,Recommended,332310,18548456,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,(BiH) Masina,the game is ok without malti player
,Recommended,332310,17562271,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Jokester,fun nice little game
,Recommended,332310,30626389,Posted: 19 March,all,Einsty,"I must say that when I first grabbed my early access copy I had my doubts. And rightfully so, a long time into the early access the technology was working, but the gameplay wasn't really there.That has since been fixed and the game is genuinely fun now.Shame there's no building of moving objects as of now. Maybe in the future."
76561198369175939,Recommended,332310,30619987,Posted: 19 March,all,AarmanTDM,This is an awesome game. can you plz make this game available on Mac OSX
,Recommended,332310,16508717,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Feeliks,best lego game out yetMy sponsor:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/ArchReviews/
76561198044061366,Recommended,332310,28524311,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,SolarArcangel,This game is really cool.
76561198176026089,Recommended,332310,28518170,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,De_Clan_C,This game is awesome!
76561198043748732,Not Recommended,332310,24420458,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,FlyingTurtle66,would of kept playing this game a ton but my data was erased and theres no way of getting it back
,Recommended,332310,23942024,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Wake Me Up,I saw a horse when i loaded in...Instantly fell in love with this game!
76561198117856525,Recommended,332310,23717253,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Lieutenant dan,Hey thats pretty good
76561198239566814,Recommended,332310,17246403,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,foxking,op
76561198201547134,Recommended,332310,17284907,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,vsheydaei,mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
,Recommended,332310,16133218,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,peamtk,"I do need help, just bought the game, but it keep not responding. Any suggestion for making it run?"
76561198032794875,Recommended,332310,16666021,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Draco1122,I Love it wish it was finished.
,Recommended,332310,18005594,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,VoidCaster,One great game
76561198062689822,Recommended,332310,16123360,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,skell.E,....I love this game....
,Recommended,332310,16157652,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,◢◤,Whole lot better than Mineshit
76561198190495793,Recommended,332310,16651124,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,*The_Otter,I rode an dragon........11/10
76561198152231690,Recommended,332310,19137961,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Hardcoretexaschristian,"This game is great, but I wish it was multiplayer."
76561198227451080,Not Recommended,332310,18691612,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Crimzorian47,When i downloaded this game i got into it and it was lagging like hell in the game it was a waste of money gamers dont waste your money on this
,Not Recommended,332310,17439400,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Developer :D,I would not reccomend this game. Cant do anything. only pros can.
,Not Recommended,332310,25553518,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,MandatedColumn,"I tried to make the keyboard first player by changing the controller to second and that didnt work. The controls screen doesn't show what each control does for me to change it and it doesnt exactly show which I'm changing. Everything is a little buggy and the cameras could be better. Speaking of the cameras, when one player switches the camera mode, it changes the other character. The game is an interesting game and it's a little fun. When everything is fixed, it could be an ok game. A survival mode would be nice too. This game has potential. At the moment, I don't recommend it for two players, maybe for one. Later though, when it's out of early access, it should be good."
,Recommended,332310,24861034,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,jxk46,Its like no mans skybut it has multiplayer.
76561198187989057,Not Recommended,332310,20481873,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,audtpgus12,I can't do anything. This game is too bring.
,Recommended,332310,16294316,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Lavender The Great 🌟,"SKIP TO THE BOTTOM FOR THE SHORTLEGO® Worlds is already one step ahead of Minecraft and yet its still just born. The shading is beautiful and the textures stun you. That is if you can run them, that is. Naruto Ultimate Ninja Storm 3 Full Burst runs fine with less than half way between the recommended and needed settings yet this will murder any computer it runs on unless you fix up the settings. But the game is advanced, but you will still jump in (And you do in LEGO® Worlds, you skydive to see your New-found-land) and be not only impressed with the creativity of the game and the graphics, But the amazing idea that LEGO®'s commonly assciated sentence 'You can build anything' is here, stunning slopes which unleash you, whether you are the kind which will build something lets say, inappropiate, or you seek to build the greatest build, or you are a artist, or maybe you want to explore your lego set by building with the manual, you can do it. Terraforming in sandboxes are fun, making the world your own, and you have the tools in this to be a GOD of terraforming, squashing bricks into bricks for your enjoyment.I still recommend other sandboxes such as Minecraft and Terraria, but if you are fed up with survival and retro pixel graphics, this might be your cup of tea.>PROSStunning graphicsTERRAFORMINGClassics reborn.Will be expanded>CONSHeavy on computer usageAdvanced>9/10<EDIT: I hear this game has become really god darn awful lately, will try and see what it has become."
76561198000427159,Not Recommended,332310,29242975,Posted: 14 January,all,Yargar,"This game had potential to be second minecraft. Developers make simply game and don't have aspiracy to made a great title. Lego Worlds be good to kids, some free builders, nobody else. You could build something, but why? Its no survival. You could explore, but why? Only for new character? Where is multiplayer? Waste money and hope."
76561198044185795,Recommended,332310,27966422,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,NudyNinja,"This game is quite simply brilliant. If you played religiously with legos as a young child (as I did) or even at your current age, this game is surely for you. Everything is made out of lego in the game. Everything. With the ability to build real life lego sets or something out of your own imagination, brick by brick, the possibilities are endless."
,Recommended,332310,20149511,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,AGhostWithGames,hey can u add lego worlds to mac because im using a mac
76561198086687206,Recommended,332310,21702570,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Razors Edge,lego worldsmore likei have 7♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and all♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥children
,Not Recommended,332310,18130204,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Karmah,Not very fun... No insentive to play.
,Recommended,332310,18701862,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,2madjack ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"Great game, but could do with more duplo."
76561198137981295,Recommended,332310,24268243,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Nightstalker,"PLEASE MAKE A MACBOOK OS X VERSION!!!!!I had a Windows computer and then I upgraded to a Macbook pro and now I can't play your game, I love your game but now I have a Macbook i can't play it and I feel like I've wasted $14.99 usd, but back to my first statement, PLEASE MAKE AN OS X VERSION!!!"
,Recommended,332310,18082257,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,d3375 | kickback.com,+rep It is best game forever
76561198086621586,Not Recommended,332310,22095880,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Phssthpok,I've waited a while to have this game only to find that's a total waste of money and time. I've played it for a couple of hours to see any improvements but...nothing compared to lego marvel or the others.
76561198209353481,Recommended,332310,30330205,Posted: 4 March,all,xavieraxs,"with Lego Worlds coming out with new features could i use the lego dimensions toy pad on Lego Worlds to unlock some characters and will the new features include  belding with glass , gold and silver"
,Recommended,332310,16843033,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,CM Tony,It's ♥♥♥♥ing Lego.
,Recommended,332310,16123721,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Speedy☆☺,I've got ninety-nine bricks and a blok ain't one.I found myself stranded on an island. I struggled to survive the wilderness then I found a dragon and rode it into the sunset.9999/10
76561198271872560,Not Recommended,332310,20036201,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,harveycrassweller,ITS STOPPED WORKING fix it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198115207602,Recommended,332310,22322719,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,SoulSabre11,very repetetive... yes and no
,Not Recommended,332310,28540726,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Shiro Ace,"First off, this game is still in Early Access, so don't expect too much from it. However, some games in Early Access have amazing story lines and are fine just left the way they are, but continue to get better and better. This game is not one of them. I only spent 20 minutes playing it before I requested a refund because the controls were surprisingly very difficult to figure out, with no tutorial to show you how to move around, etc. I know this is LEGO's version and competition against Minecraft, but at least with Minecraft if you went in blind, you still had some clue what you were doing. This game on the surface appears to be an amazing game with the promise of creating beautiful worlds to explore. When you first start the game, you are on a small desert island in the middle of a seemingly infinite ocean, with no other land anywhere in sight. You yourself had to make land, with the extremely unstable controls, and you had no clue what you're doing because there is no tutorial! However, this game does show some sort of promise, and I'll consider trying it again when the final product is complete. However, I recommend not wasting your money until then."
,Not Recommended,332310,25453882,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,constchar*,"I hate to say it; I really wanted to love this game but ultimately this game feels worse than the aged Lego Creator I loved as a child. This game definately has potential but even on my machine (AMD FX-9590 4.7 GHz, 2x Crossfired Radeon RX 480 8GB, 32GB DDR3 8-9-9-24 memory) it performs awful and often hangs up when transisitioning to a different chunk (different part of the map in other words).I think the real let down for me is that you can't build your own vehicles, and furthermore, though not really a big deal, on vehicles like the helicopter the rotors don't spin. If we could build our own vehicles then maybe I could forgive the performance problems to a degree."
76561198208041296,Not Recommended,332310,25438675,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,fraret,"If you want building, do NOT buy this game.If it is for your kid, and he/she likes exploring, it can be a very good game though.P.S.: The review is negative because I don't like the direction the game is moving to."
,Recommended,332310,23687091,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Hobbes,"A lot of the negative reviews seems to be pointing out the lack of specific features or polish, and you must remember that this is an early access game, and you can hardly expect a perfectly working AAA game. Obviously this is a bit of a dangerous philosophy because it can lead to ignoring obvious problems, but I think there is plenty of current features, and the game is stable enough, to justify a purchase based on those alone.When Lego Worlds does something right, it blows your mind, and when it goes wrong, its usually managable. And if it isn't the dev team is pretty active with their updates, and is constantly improving the game."
76561198212214233,Recommended,332310,23575189,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,TheScientist9,this is a great sandbox game as well as a lego game just like any others with almost infinite posibilities
76561198274228572,Recommended,332310,23623259,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,glitchsorigin,"If only it had all bricks or atleast the common to uncommonly seen ones and the ability to build vehicles Is there any way for us to create vehicles in th future and if so please make it so we can have the ability to make them have attacks like the cannon rockets or can put a circle radius controlled drill ability. if those two things were added it would be so much more complete. plus it can add a whole new community workshop platform for it vehicles, characters, weapons, Builds and possibly even builds If you like to build buildings I would recommend it but for those who want to do stuff like making tanks and other vehicles which im guilty of being I would wait for them to add that ability of customization. but I still enjoy playing around and annoying the skeletons... and caveman and/or monkeys"
,Recommended,332310,23309394,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Kwak,gg
76561198063205771,Recommended,332310,23618676,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Luccios,"Disappointed, for two days difference lost the promotion buy a copy and gets a key, it made me quite sad. But the game is very good."
76561198238245982,Recommended,332310,23623578,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,ord,"I found this game a big bunch of fun, idk how to really review this so ill make pros and cons.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------PROS:- local multiplayer- online multiplayer- many items- many characters- many interactions- a really nice building system (kinda like LDD)- custom character creator- if you cant build there is models for you to use- just early access so that means much more is to comethats all i can think of.--------------------------------------------------------------Cons:- some annoying bugs- some game breaking bugs- when you play local multiplayer you have to be in the same camera style ( if one is first person, both are)---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I think this game is really good, so go buy it! its pretty cheap for what it offers!what are you still doing here."
,Recommended,332310,23642663,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Crunch,love this game and reccomend it to all who love lego. :)
,Recommended,332310,16123550,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,RolandGamers,This is an awesome game. It has so much potential. I thing we just blew minecraft out the water!
76561198063242398,Not Recommended,332310,19577804,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,mogsoggindog,how do you toggle mouse-look permenantly? I dont like having to hold right mouse just to steer. How do you build things? Where's the basic sandbox mode?
76561198104828740,Recommended,332310,24394180,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,F5AGAMER,good game
,Recommended,332310,25981353,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,VidGame34 (OG),AMAZING
76561198327630507,Recommended,332310,30385265,Posted: 7 March,all,Darth Swagedorn,"I had the beta version and just got the v1 update today. I unfortunately haven't played this new version a whole lot, primarily because I am experiencing some heavy lag problems. Even with the graphics at the lowest possible setting, the responsiveness of the game was annoyingly slow. Note that this was only in actual gameplay; the pause screen and various menus worked just fine. My computer didn't seem to have nearly this much of an issue running the old version (though it did have its moments). From what I can tell this version of the game looks like it has a lot of really fun potential, but unless this lag issue is remedied soon I won't be able to play it much. It's somewhat possible this is an issue with my computer, so I'm withholding final judgment for now. As of right now my ""yes"" recommendation is optimistic and based on experience with the previous version."
76561198281867799,Not Recommended,332310,23767056,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,dietrichjonas2000,"I really was looking forward to this game!Unfortunately when a world completed loading, there is only blackscreen and the games crashes.My has all the requirements that I need, but this won`t work either.Basicially I wanted to give a like, but now I only can give a dislike in this situation!"
,Recommended,332310,24708287,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,The Mad Stickman,Great Game but it would be even cooler if you had like a supoot mode for low end PCs
,Recommended,332310,24716724,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Pixelgon 404,"This is a great game and it's really fun. You can explore endless worlds and collect hundreds of characters, vehicles, and items. However, it can be really glitchy and sometimes laggy, since it's Early Access. If you like Open World, Sanbox, Exploration, and Legos, this game is for you."
76561198273443902,Recommended,332310,23563363,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,killertnt911,I love the game and I do recommend it but It takes FOREVER to load and when it does load some time there will be areas were there is nothing and it takes forever to load it is only early Access but I hope this is fixed later also a LOT OF LAG
76561197993806305,Recommended,332310,30805059,Posted: 28 March,all,Old Big Nose,The best Sand-box is a LEGO-box!
,Recommended,332310,31103006,Posted: 12 April,all,Dart,Glad i bought this. It's fun!
76561198053076677,Recommended,332310,16920187,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,trap and proud,"this game's controls are like trying to tame an autistic nine year old using nothing a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥coated in sriracha sauce for ""positive reinforcement"""
76561198252161278,Recommended,332310,24559719,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,SlightlySpookySheep,gr8 m8
,Recommended,332310,23683833,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,"[DFS] Alex Akhilesh, the Corgi","This game is amazing. Being able to build anything I want is very satisfying. My only issue is the systems. Like, when will it be playable on apple computers?"
76561198205351831,Recommended,332310,31124130,Posted: 13 April,all,smileysk8,One of my favorite games.Absolutely recommended!
76561198187760917,Recommended,332310,17970434,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Very well....,When is it coming out on OSX?
76561198182030485,Recommended,332310,31614013,Posted: 7 May,all,Random_Monkey,One of the best Lego Games. The new sandox uptade is lots of fun
76561198285024693,Recommended,332310,31616692,Posted: 7 May,all,xDivineWrathx,My kids absolutely love this game and I really like watching them play this game!  It's very similar to minecraft but with lego blocks and they play both games A LOT!!!  Very cute little game that can provide hours of imaginative fun for the kids.
76561198081778945,Not Recommended,332310,32809067,Posted: 26 June,all,fishmaniaa,마인크래프트를 기대했는데 레이맨이 나옴
76561198235354192,Not Recommended,332310,16884296,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,frediawebb,"When I open up the application, nothing in the world even shows!  No graphics are displayed, whatsoever!  What can I do to fix this?  Otherwise, I deserve a refund"
76561198122125412,Recommended,332310,17127401,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,wolf fire ninja,you know when you were a kid and wanted to build everything while now you can 10/10
76561198114809383,Not Recommended,332310,31179606,Posted: 16 April,all,UltraTown,"This game could be good but the glitches/bugs, wacky camera angles, and lack of customization makes it annoying to play.  Issues I've had in 1 hour of playtime:- Glitch 15 mins into game when trying to fly to a new world.  Have to restart pretty much everytime I need to fly somewhere.- Camera just does weird things sometimes, to be fair, this could be operator error.   Using the landscape and paint tools is like playing the lottery though.  Sometimes you can get it to do what you want, most of the time your stuff is going to look like a kindergarten art project.- No controls customization?  All these fancy tools and their default key binds are not great.Go ahead and give it a shot if you want, you may have better luck than me but I'm disappointed."
,Recommended,332310,16883038,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Jesus Himself,Amazing! Best Lego game ever!
76561198150427706,Recommended,332310,18162639,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,jurjendevries1,geweldiggames
,Recommended,332310,34230267,Posted: 14 August,all,Mr.Bulldops,yup
,Recommended,332310,17806562,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Shlongadactyl,its lego with stuff
76561198252306892,Recommended,332310,23561487,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Ryanme,"Great game if you love exploring open worlds. Also great if you love to create things. The online multiplayer is a great mode to play with friends as well. The game is filled with unlockables and is constantly updating with new items, quests, characters, and modes. This ensures that the gameplay will never get boring. I highly recommend this game to anyone looking to have some LEGO fun."
,Recommended,332310,20591329,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,BanditPig,Waiting for online multiplayer then It will be one of my favorite games of all time!So far it is 7/10 because the content gets stale after a while but they do lots of frequent updates.If they add more objectives it will be 8.5/10If they add online multiplayer it will be 9/10!!
,Recommended,332310,20663021,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,A Rather Slender Man™,Amazing
76561198355199083,Recommended,332310,34419583,Posted: 22 August,all,ROSTIKRP,СДРАВСТВУЙТЕ! Я ХОЧУ СКАЗАТЬ ОБ ИГРЕ В НЕЙ ОЧЕНЬ МНОГО ПЛЮСОВ НО ЕСТЬ И МИНУСЫсначало начнём с плюсов1 красивая нрафика2 всё сделано из LEGO (даже партиклы типо огня и воды)3 крутая физикаНУ А ТЕПЕРЬ И МИНУСЫ1 вода не имеет физики(простите если уже пофиксили обновлением)2 мало жизней3 мало пердметовНУ ВСЁ НАДЕЮСЬ ВЫ ПОНЯЛИ СВОИ ОШИБКИ И СОБИРАЕТЕСЬ ИСПРАВАТЬ ИХДОСВИДАНИЯ!
76561198168927855,Recommended,332310,25947052,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,whitecleve,how do i buy charter in this game after a found them
,Recommended,332310,32309500,Posted: 9 June,all,pebble225,"I was hesitant to get this game for a while and I am actually very disappointed.Sandbox games tend to get boring, but that's not really the game's fault.The copy tool is complete garbage. And the naming system for saved buildings is outdated, hard to use, and not practical.Controls for helicopters and submarines should be directional while cars and planes should be default, but you have to choose for all vehicles.It seems like when I gave some guy a wrench, for example, I can't seem to give anyone else a wrench in order to satisfy their quest.Lots of minor things that make me have to restart the game.The MAIN problem I seem to have with this game is that after you get all the tools and  start exploring worlds, the game gets repetitive and boring. Even with the item unlocks it isn't engaging enough to play for a long time.For kids, I can see this as a fun game and I will continue to play this with my younger family. But perhaps this final problem is simply because of target audience.I recommend this game for a younger, less game savvy audience."
10110100110101010,Recommended,332310,16672600,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Sandman,Almost as much freedom as Canada.
,Recommended,332310,31424602,Posted: 28 April,all,Simse,5/10
,Recommended,332310,25503113,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,bvanwart8,id get if it was on mac
76561198163775224,Recommended,332310,30843761,Posted: 30 March,all,Silver,My old computer broke and I now have a Mac and I was wondering are they going to release Lego worlds on the Mac or not because I miss playing the game.
76561198363089697,Recommended,332310,31064594,Posted: 10 April,all,nchoffman,Good game I recommend built a unsc fleet fighting a covenant fleet
76561198216625947,Recommended,332310,31572828,Posted: 5 May,all,ASAIN I csgolive.com,This gameis better for a kid still fun tho
,Not Recommended,332310,31238000,Posted: 19 April,all,BobbicusVonDouche,"Tutorial is bugged. Quest items and characters can be removed from the game with no warning, causing the player to no longer be able to progress."
76561198018135835,Recommended,332310,30549870,Posted: 16 March,all,Patton,"There's room for this game to improve, I'm surprised that even though Lego has the needed licensing for Star Wars the game lacks any Star Wars vehicles or themed gear. There is no vehicle customization from what I can tell.But even with those cons the game is quite fun, it fits the relaxing nature of minecraft. It's fun to explore, build a city, then destroy it with a friend."
,Not Recommended,332310,24637011,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,TheWalletWarrior,"Its fun, for about an hour. This game is really repetitive and it wouldn't be if it had multiplayer. I bought this because I saw need that it would be multiplayer, and it will be, but it's been like 8 months. I payed 20$ for this and it was not worth it."
76561198195415525,Recommended,332310,35153485,Posted: 23 September,all,Spakwi,fun game
76561198168487807,Recommended,332310,16569993,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,CinderKartoshka,the best lego game ever
76561197998197307,Recommended,332310,16756492,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Small dick; Fat tits,Do you leik legows? get this gaem
,Not Recommended,332310,32285388,Posted: 9 June,all,Slick Dapper,"I would like to recommend this game, but I just can't. I know I haven't played long, but... the controls are so bad that it's almost impossible to play. Another thing that really bugs me is that you can't skip cutscenes. From what I've seen there are way too many cutscenes in this game that you (like I said) can't skip."
76561198100398833,Not Recommended,332310,33263931,Posted: 5 July,all,My Cow,"i just hope there will be updates that will fix EVERYTHING in this game... you take your ego too much far this time Tt games, just realise LEGO *movie name here* and that all"
76561198086341585,Not Recommended,332310,32290571,Posted: 9 June,all,Polessa,"I bought this game when the moment it was released as alpha. Now, two years later, I still can't play this boring piece of candy turd. Don't buy it, it's lame."
,Recommended,332310,16126837,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Guy Fieri,its lego but SANDBOX (mindblown) also everything is a piece of lego
76561198073168881,Recommended,332310,17752579,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Garfunsky,"When I play with lego, I always have the same issue. I never had the right bricks.This game just flipped the issue over and buried it in a shallow grave in the desert. Now I can run around in the lego world we have all always wanted.Plus, its cheaper than real lego sets :P"
,Not Recommended,332310,34567607,Posted: 28 August,all,Toilet Paper,Its not what is was
,Recommended,332310,26332584,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Purple Murple,its a good game but i refuned it cos it was a bit buggy all the things were gliching like when i placed blocks the game crashed its a good ggame still guys and girls out ther play it
,Recommended,332310,30380454,Posted: 7 March,all,RoTiiK,"Now this is a game i pplay for half an hour, then dont play for a month, and come back.This game is pretty fun, I wont lie, but at one point it just gets repetetive, but its till fun to mess around everyone once in a while.7.5/10, Still better than the♥♥♥♥♥♥that is No Man's Sky(Keep in mind I bought this game when it was on early access and havent played much of it since)"
76561198052573268,Not Recommended,332310,33816752,Posted: 26 July,all,Owlucard,"meh, it's boring"
76561198211871253,Not Recommended,332310,35192024,Posted: 24 September,all,FireLord24,Im happy the game was good but i wouldnt recomend buying it its not worth as much as its selling for and it requires too much i can run gta5 fine but not this that doesnt make sense to me plus this games only fun two player
76561198018779900,Not Recommended,332310,34866362,Posted: 10 September,all,Ryan,every time i load up the game 3 minutes later it crashes.
76561198346840710,Not Recommended,332310,34093129,Posted: 7 August,all,kayleenlindberg02,WHAT THE HECK LEGO!!!!!!!! I CAN'T EVEN GET INTO MY WORLD TO PLAY THE GAME I CAN ONLY USE THE MENU!!!!!
,Not Recommended,332310,34246518,Posted: 14 August,all,ɹʞɔnɟ ɥʇuǝʌǝs pǝʌןoʌuǝ ǝɥʇ,"I don't really know what to expect next after they have officially let themselves out to the world of hell; but the only else thing I can really say is just like only a passion of playing it, and accomplishing your ""own"" objectives.Back in Early Access, everything was as accessible as we expect it to be, but as I look up and down, nudging through reviews, after all that...I would come back if they have done something worth to people's time, but in my only choice; this game doesn't really need that much attention as I would prefer it to be only worth buying for your own cause.Cooperative; I haven't yet to experience, but I know something for sure I can't explain.If you want to be safe; don't buy the game, it'd probably won't be worth playing after a few hours."
,Not Recommended,332310,33817687,Posted: 26 July,all,theYanek,"Unoptimized, badly designed game. Bad controls (played on keyboard & mouse). Information popping up constantly hiding quarter of the screen. No instructions for the quests and for a long time, quests on pirate map haven't responded to doing objectives."
,Not Recommended,332310,35189246,Posted: 24 September,all,Mharr,Well this would be great if it didn't crash to desktop every five minutes.
,Not Recommended,332310,23565533,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,D4KiR,"Pros:•LegoCons:•Settings-> Audio Settings (can only change effects, music is loud as f*ck...)-> The whole Menu is sh*t -.-"
,Not Recommended,332310,16765324,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Syroop,"So I love legos and a lot of people do.  This game does not represent building with legos at all.  The vehicles are broken and move at the same speed as a mount and those will actually be able to move across terrain.  There is a lack of purpose and the building system is terrible.  Painting is great but actually building like minecraft block by block or brick by brick is absolutley terrible within this game.  The camera does not work very well and is very unintuitve and unlike other third person games the camera does not look where your character is looking you have to move the camera which is a pain.  Finally the UI is just downright bad.  Seriously the only UI is in the top left hand corner and you have to select it, come on you could have tried a bit harder.  I love lego and I am hoping this game gets better and is more user freindly and in its current state I cannot reccomend it with a good concious."
,Not Recommended,332310,23546725,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Grimhound,This game was a mistake. I paid in the first day it was revealed thinking it would be built as a long-awaited competitor to Minecraft. Instead it was just underwhelming. And since I had played more than 2 hours trying to find some point to it I was inelligible for a refund.
76561198081431512,Recommended,332310,23096784,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,dangosango33,"amazing LEGO game, you can explore and find new stuff or just start building whatever you feel like. Brilliant game for the price, one thing I will say is;Make sure you download the beta patch for local multiplayer support!Otherwise get this game for the pure fun of building lego, you can build whatever you want wherever you want!"
,Not Recommended,332310,30381081,Posted: 7 March,all,Mendax,"I can run Witcher 3 at 60 frames with high settings, LEGO Worlds drops to 5 frames. Broken game."
,Recommended,332310,30391678,Posted: 8 March,all,zYkIE!,You can be a spaceman and ride a pig.13/10
76561198144212261,Not Recommended,332310,34781635,Posted: 6 September,all,Buttlerr,"Laggy and mainly unplayable. Definitely recommend the console version on Nintendo Switch, Xbox One, and PS4."
,Not Recommended,332310,16302776,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,MWMDragon,"Don't bother with this game yet as there is simply nothing to do in it and no reason to build anything. See below...The game could be amazing if it had Multiplayer, First person view, a challenge or even a reason to build something.. like survival mode. This is not as creative as minecraft is.. people think it will be a Minecraft killer but there is no reason to build anything and no challenge.. I've unlocked everything and seen everything in under 3 hours.Things I liked:- Riding every animal you meet- Unlocking things as you explore- Cool Vehicle Uses- The character and animal AnimationsThings I didn't like:- Vehicles are hard to control- Falling into the terrain and getting stuck (You can respawn)- Running out of things to find and unlock- No reason to build anything without friends in game.- only a few enemies that were no challenge to kill- You have to fight the camera just to play the game- There is no fall damage and you can scale anything so there is no fun in getting anywhere.Things that you should know:- Aiming guns works by clicking with the mouse, the projectile hits where you clicked- Vehicles change controls based on which way the camera is facing.- You can climb anything and hang from the roof or anything."
76561197980150152,Not Recommended,332310,31201115,Posted: 17 April,all,Blind,This game is more than 2 years old. Why does it have a 2017 release date? I want my money back for getting tricked into buying an alpha version.
,Not Recommended,332310,16579674,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Spoderman from 1977,"There is not much to do, you run around and get new parts for... Yea, thats the problem, they are not for anything really, just for decorations in your SINGELplayer experiance. Nobody is going too see it. And even if you like building effor yourself, the building-part is kind of bad. I had a lot of problem with the dude you play being in the way (yes, for some reason he is flying with some kind of building gun, but he follows the camera and is in the way all the time"
76561198038531870,Recommended,332310,30401888,Posted: 8 March,all,Wetasaurus,"Wow - I am really surprised at the negative reviews this game is getting.  I have no idea why so many people were in love with the pre-alpha, as I found it to be a laggy, pointless mess.  I knew they were planning some additional polish, so I kept my eye on the development, and boy have they delivered.  My framerate is rocksolid at 60fps at max settings.  The overall ""sheen"" is remarkable, and the update UI is a gorgeous, seamless experience.  Most physics seem to have been updated, most noticeably on the vehicles.  A lot of people are complaining about the small world sizes - worlds get bigger worlds as you progress in the game.  The British voiceover is a great addition as well, tying the whole experience together.  If you want a neverending scroll of nothing upon nothing, go play No Man's Sky."
76561198305628723,Not Recommended,332310,28086241,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,General Narducky,"This game is extremely buggy, doesn't receive many updates let alone meaningful ones, and has no direction or reason to even play. The mechanics that are there are strange and very unwieldy, usually discouraging you from doing what you wanted to in the first place.Lego Worlds is not a 'multiplayer game,' although it is advertised as such. Multiplayer is even buggier and messier than the main game, and has very little to offer besides being able to see your friend as a Lego before your game crashes.Recently also built hype around a countdown, just to announce to their mainly PC user-base that the game is coming to consoles. No info about a supposedly large update which is what was expected and hyped, and the game is leaving Early Access way before it should, even if they do plan to continue to add features after 'launch.'Also announced DLC (which is extremely discouraging considering the game hasn't even released yet) that will be exclusive to PS4 for 3 months.I wanted to love this game, I love Lego with all my being and am a big fan of building and open world games, but this game is not good in the state that it is currently in. I am also very unhappy lately about the updates, PR, and what seems like a huge money-grab on their part.Might change my review if the developers can turn this around."
76561198128306372,Recommended,332310,19102408,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,emanthegamer,not      nowok
,Not Recommended,332310,19650877,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,A Flying Chicken,"my 5 year old loves it, but for me its just not what i expected. its just a basic voxel world that has the lego branding. nothign special about it really, and doesnt compare to minecraft. i expected to be able to buildd with individual blocks and make models but all you can do is unlock existing models that you simply place where yoyu want fo no purpose. as i sayy my 5 year old loves it."
,Not Recommended,332310,16608569,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,✖ Jerry,"I wish I could recommend this. The game get boring quickly and in all honesty, there isn't really much to do. Theres no guidance towards anything....  Building is quite dodgy. I hope they add more to this before final release, otherwise, really disappointed."
,Not Recommended,332310,24763540,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,sonic1394,this is in early access but there isnt really much to the game at all. you walk around in a randomly generated world and do nothing
,Recommended,332310,16118565,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,CharismaticPanda,YES! YES! YES! YES! YES!
,Not Recommended,332310,23561640,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,mylo9000,"i loaded the default world. getting single digit frame rate. turned off all enhanced graphics, got 15 fps. gave me a headache but whatever, when into build mode, put down a door fixture. i could delete and move every other brick in the word exept that fixture. it reacted like a door, but could not be altered, moved or deleted.game has potential.but thats about it.i'll try again in a few months.for now... 10/10 would uninstall."
,Recommended,332310,23592259,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,TURKEY * RAPTOR,"This game is FUN!I easily spend hours at a time when I play.There are ongoing updates and they continueto add new content such as brick builds,creatures, vehicles, tools and props.You don't have to build brick by brick unless youwant to. They have auto build you can use forprefab/predesigned brick builds (structures).You are NOT confined to one world!You can hit random button and it givesyou another (additional) world to explore.This can be done multiple times.Basically you collect 'coins' as you exploreand unlock characters, creatures, tools, vehiclesthat you 'buy' with your in-game, free'coins' and then have access to permanentlyand can summon/place in the game anytimeyou want!So you explore multiple worlds, discover treasures,collect 'money' and buy/build/place creatures,structures and vehicles to play with as anyone of many different characters you want to be -including custom characters you create.By the time you have explored and fully played andexperienced this game it will have been well worththe asking price.ENJOY!!!"
,Not Recommended,332310,16614508,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Tipples,Serious performance issues and random crashes.
,Not Recommended,332310,32732314,Posted: 24 June,all,Lewy,No SteamOS/OSX supported.
76561198085860316,Not Recommended,332310,33239305,Posted: 4 July,all,Vsauce Michael,"Boring, repetitive, no good content. Not a good game."
,Not Recommended,332310,16688581,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Mermaid Man,I got lego worlds the day it came out and I have not been able to play it since. I understand it is in it's early stages so I would not recommend you get this game until a little later. It has great potential as a game and I am really exited for it once I can play it.
,Not Recommended,332310,30420375,Posted: 9 March,all,Jackie17494,I remember when I got this game when it first came out and it was very good. Now updates came on now its bad and its like every other lego game and it only has the storymode. When this game was new there was a sandbox and you chould build whatever you wanted. I dont like this game any more.
76561198194686327,Recommended,332310,23588398,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Shruzikan,"In the whopping two hours that I've spent playing this (so far), I have one solid opinion: this is (going to be, with all the update material listed) one fantastic game. It's Legos with unlimited pieces (and as of right now, a few bugs, lol). Dream come true. 10/10 would build again. Only things I'd like to be added are a camera for in-building view, a way to delete spawned objects such as cannons later on (unless I'm just missing this), and a bit less ability to climb every single thing in sight."
76561198094522272,Not Recommended,332310,30401267,Posted: 8 March,all,jin,"The game is full of bug. It stop working every 5min at second world, can't even play. Fix the bug plz."
76561198140342712,Recommended,332310,21567750,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Moon wizard,It's like skyrim but with blocks
,Not Recommended,332310,16625364,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,SpaceJester,"This game really needs some improvements. It's ultra boring and you just walk around getting into random cars and watching NPCs ride horses and whatever. Multiplayer could've changed my mind, but no."
76561198030273693,Not Recommended,332310,16671787,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Shyllard,"Would not recommend this game at early stage. The exploring is fun and all, but the creative part of it (which was the main feature that made me want to play it) is a real pain in the♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,332310,25622354,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,sir swordinface,"9/10 what no mans sky failed to do. this game inspires adventure and discovery, and now, puzzle solving. feels like what no mans sky should have done, hell maybe they'll add space to this game and then no mans sky has been completely out classed. if your a fan of lego or lego games (or both) this is an essential purchase for you"
76561198254185243,Recommended,332310,23593238,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,shayhyenagamer,its an amazing game to express your creativity so what they have done was kinda combined minecraft (for those of that have played minecraft)and legos and mashed them together so ido reccomend this game if you like minecraft and legos
,Recommended,332310,16611684,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,A Cat in A Box,Wee! Infinite legooooos!
76561198116697405,Not Recommended,332310,19275878,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Common Gamer,"pretty good, pretty good ,but spend your money on something else."
76561198167499787,Not Recommended,332310,33010103,Posted: 29 June,all,{Moomlis},no longer sanbox just another ♥♥♥♥♥♥ story mode waste of time thingy and not worth the ♥♥♥♥ing money.
,Not Recommended,332310,30528549,Posted: 15 March,all,RED-FROG,"Lego WORLDS?The title sounds so big. But in reality, the game is small and completely lacks content.This game is about grinding and doing the same """"""quests"""""" over and over again. Always in a slightly different manner but it's boring nonetheless. They aren't quests afterall. More like ""put a brick here and you are done.""The first 2-3 hours were quite entertaining and good. Because it was fresh and nice to explore the new stuff. Within this time, the game keeps unlocking stuff and this way the game will keep me interested. But now I basically have everything and realize how small the game really is.And of course I can't refund it anymore.Actually this game is nothing more than a sandbox. It wants you to create a world but I see no point in doing so. I rather use a professional editor for that.There is no public online play, no MMO, nothing. You can only play with Steam friends.There are some enemies here and there.... but most of the time they don't even attack. And here comes the joke (not an actual joke):You can always ERASE ENEMIES by using the world tool.You can place stuff, and you can remove it. You can always remove enemies by just 1 click. This is absolutely ridiculous and pointless. The single player element is not there. It is only a pointless sandbox game in which you have to grind and collect all lego parts first, before you can even build something.I don't know the problem with the controls many people are talking about.The controls keyboard&mouse are fine.This is actually the first boring LEGO game probably since 10 years or so. And I LOVE ALL of the other Lego games.-1"
76561198013647015,Not Recommended,332310,30614277,Posted: 19 March,all,victor1802,WARNING this game is NOT what it used to be.When I first started it off I was excited. Until I had to wait 12 mins just to wait for a loading screen. Then I finished a world and tried to travel to another world. Loading screen for another 12 mins or even longer. And the open world feels very short.
76561198076463136,Not Recommended,332310,30645900,Posted: 20 March,all,The Patient,Do not buy at the moment.  The game has many great features but it's just so glitchy most of the time.
,Not Recommended,332310,30771868,Posted: 27 March,all,SpookyDiaboliC,"I honestly regret putting 4.5 hours in this, cuz now I cannot get my damn money back.The creation in this game is by far the worst I've ever seen in ANY game, it is SO finicky that half the time I just wanna run around mounting animals and killing things, and that is pretty much all you can do if you don't want to bash your head against the wall building something only to have objects place in the wrong area due to the horrible ♥♥♥♥ing camera angles and IT MOVES WHILE YOU BUILD LMAO, talk about a horrible design for a building game, also stupid ""missions"" for other lego guys is so lame.""go get this for me""""i...it's right in front of you""""yeah But like... you can't get it??""I wish I could say I never GOT this game, but now I have to sit with it in my library. Anyways, I got it before they racked up the price to 40 dollars"
,Not Recommended,332310,24031302,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Chefboyardee,NOTHING TO DO.
,Recommended,332310,30382505,Posted: 7 March,all,Marius Titus,Yes
,Recommended,332310,17321538,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,cinnamonbuns49,Day 1 in Lego World-------------------------- Became British- Discovered chest full of money- Discovered horse- Rode horse to next chest- Chest had sword inside- Discovered dragon- Rode dragon on mighty conquest- Disocvered desert mesa- Built fancy house on mesa- Took fancy car- Drove about spreading Imperialism- Drove car into lava lake- Rode off into sunset on a husky10/10 would Imperialist again
76561198278404074,Recommended,332310,23574755,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,MrHassanGaMeR♥,hhhh
,Not Recommended,332310,16692090,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Ron,"I played for 20 minutes and then promptly refunded. It feels like Minecraft, but it's not Minecraft. It's far from it."
,Recommended,332310,23559892,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,that1,It's so fun that you will play it for days. It's like Minecraft but its lego.
76561198088915338,Recommended,332310,26527951,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,0rphnSl4yr,"Builds cloud palace in skySpawns gorilla in itMounts gorillasays ""Harambe we need you back on earth""Rides gorilla off cloud palace10/10 would reference a stale meme again"
,Not Recommended,332310,16734905,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Lannister,boring
,Recommended,332310,18084138,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Mc.Maverick,They should add star wars sets and things into this thumbs up if you think yesI also recommend getting this on a high performance pc.
,Recommended,332310,23575692,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Theleftnut,It's fun
,Not Recommended,332310,23389963,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Punished Peenster,"needs muktiplayer. without it, it gets boring..."
76561198096690468,Not Recommended,332310,30259673,Posted: 1 March,all,moonwolf187,Really fun but gets boring after a while...
,Not Recommended,332310,30388073,Posted: 8 March,all,Eon,"Played for half an hour and had to quit.I have been wanting to play this game for a while (being a lover of both lego and creative building sandboxes) but I waited until release before doing so because I thought it'd give me a more polished experience.... so wrong was I.From what I could gather it still has all the problems it did during its early access:-Really Poor PC controls-Buggy-Crashes-Sound issuesI am not going to give up on this game because it has huge potential, so I will keep an eye out for its updates and see how it fairs in the month to come.But as a released final product, very disappointed."
,Not Recommended,332310,33951505,Posted: 1 August,all,Haakonsson,its just boreing af
76561198046821783,Not Recommended,332310,30396398,Posted: 8 March,all,FailD,"Good lego game, awful sandbox"
,Not Recommended,332310,30592380,Posted: 18 March,all,Quarantine,"I played with when I was 4 and I still sometimes do 7 years later and I loved this game, until the full release came out. IT RUINED IT FOR ME. Now you cant just run into things to unlock them, you have to use a tool to. And you also have to complete boring quest so you get to go to other worlds. All the freedom was took from it. Don't buy this game... it's a real waste."
,Not Recommended,332310,16745241,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,sam melvic,I had fun
,Not Recommended,332310,33816843,Posted: 26 July,all,TheWatermelon,"Sound fun right. for the first few hours yes then it gets extremely reptitive. Oh you want to do something else? Just pay $4 to add some lego spacemen ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. The game is extremely boring and instead of trying to fix that by adding free updates, they add dlc that is extremely boring too. They don't care about the game or the players, they care only of the money. oh wait, that's every game company now."
,Not Recommended,332310,24628385,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,XenaMonena,If your looking for somthing lego And fun Dont play this game Firstly If you expect flying animals ridable charecters planes This is not your game The walk speed is horribly To slow. The time it takes to find somthing you want Takes for ever and Thats mostly it Over all its not bad Id rate it 4/10
,Recommended,332310,16126679,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,MoonKat,"In Early Access....I feel like I got my money's worth....and I don't find myself saying that often.Everything can be destroyed. This is a big one for me. Previous Lego games had certain things that broke, I understand it was to keep the levels in tact and puzzels and so forth but it feels nice to crush creations and re-build them.Building while not losing the exploration. Space Engineers and Medievel Engineers and heck....even Minecraft...kill me because the exploration iskinda...meh?It's like why should I? But in this game there is a slew of structures and biomes to be found. Along with vehicles, creatures and characters waiting to be discovered.It's a fantastic game.A few cons tho:Frame rate dropsBuilding from scratch is tedious [for me]and lastly.....no survival mode, not sure how it would work but....I feel like this game needs itthe Devs promised a lot of updates....we'll see how well that turns out....for now tho I say...it is WELL worth 14.99 USD"
76561198120120855,Not Recommended,332310,33105870,Posted: 1 July,all,Aki秋,This game is worst than i thought it would be .
76561198046571606,Recommended,332310,30379197,Posted: 7 March,all,KAZOOIE 911,epic game
76561198087369323,Not Recommended,332310,28287782,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,emielpit5 darudeboy,kotsen jonguh
,Not Recommended,332310,28346680,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Docdra,"Seemed like they were aiming for Lego Minecraft - we'll give you tools, blocks, unlockables, and you make your own stories...  Sure, they give you all that, but it still feels lacking in several areas - the biggest one is incentive however.  There simply is no incentive to do anything after the initial bit of running around aimlessly.  After you run around for a bit, you'll realize that that is all there is - run around and collect things.  There is no incentive to actually build a base, there is no real incentive to explore beyond collecting cosmetic things, there is no real incentive to do much of anything.Minecraft works not because of The End, but because you get so many tools and options that go beyond simply cosmetic use - circuits, traps, survival gear, etc.  You also have an environment (several actually) that is fraught with danger - filled with creatures that come after you.  In Minecraft your incentive is to build to stay alive, to explore and discover the tools you'll need to build to survive, and if you want, there is The End for an end game incentive.  This doesn't even take into account the other things such as farming, bosses, building games within the game, mods, etc.I actually didn't want to compare this to Minecraft as there aren't a lot of actual similarities beyond building, but it is the very lack of overall structure that they tried to ""copy"" from Minecraft that causes this to be a lesser game - there simply is no point to any of it - no reason to do anything because there is nothing to motivate you to do so."
,Not Recommended,332310,33953069,Posted: 1 August,all,AshleyBrowney,"Used to Be really good before the Release, adding the Adventure mode and changing the Sandbox mode, it completely ruined the feel of the game, I thought this was just gonna be a open world-ish survival lego game, but they ruined that feel by adding a story to the game. and it keeps crashing my computer when i have a really good Gaming computer, 1/10 worst game i have ever played"
,Recommended,332310,20069664,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,✪ Danger,u can build big♥♥♥♥♥♥♥IGN: 666/10
,Recommended,332310,16190247,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Guts,One of the best LEGO Games but not as good like LEGO Universe.......
,Recommended,332310,17049606,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Gene,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
,Recommended,332310,16128712,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,pango,"This is what we have been waiting for, for years: a lego open world building game.Procedurally-generated worlds filled with people and animals and vehicles.You can insta-build lego sets then interact with them in a number of often amusing ways, e.g. you mess about with a mail box and jump into it looking for lettens.You can sculpt the landscape ""in the large"" with a range of building tools.And then you can get down and dirty and build brick by brick. There's a fairly wide range of just the more basic lego bricks, but even that gives you more scope than most open world building games: you have slopes, thin bricks, tall bricks, 2x3s, 2x4s etc. Everything is available in different colours and even translucent colours. You really can build almost anything. So much freedom.The cons I have noticed so far:1. Camera needs tweaking, it's always close and you can't zoom out at all really. This is an easy thing to fix though.2. We need more precise building controls: it's often tricky to position bricks in the exact place you want them. I'd like to see keyboard controls for moving bricks left, right, up and down by 1 stud at a time. The up and down should work by 1/3 at a time on an option, like holding shift or something. Also, not sure if there is a keyboard command to rotate the block or if you have to use the gui one.Not actually a con, but it would be nice to get a fuller range of lego bricks for building like 1x1 cylinder, 2x2 cylinder, 2x1 grille, aerial, flowers etc. I think they are all supported because you can import models from one of the Lego CAD programs according a representative on the discussion area."
,Not Recommended,332310,31469740,Posted: 30 April,all,HealthHazard,"Hi!So before I was in PC gaming, I used the DS and orginal wii, and one of my most cherished memories is playing tons of LEGO games, so when this was in early access I thought ""Hey, this will be right up my street!"" bought, thought ""Its.. okay..?"" and left it dorment in my libary for about 7 months. Then I heard there had been an ""Amazing"" update, I tried it out and hated it! Its now long, uneeded story, and now its more time consumming and boring. Its a novel idea, and LEGO is well suited for an idea like this, but how its executed is absoultelly terrible. Sorry but this game really made me regret this purchase."
76561198027034399,Recommended,332310,16253251,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,SubParAtBest,was riding a pig as a mummy running over warewolfs throwing fish at people. where has this game been all my life. 911/911 would burn towers again
,Recommended,332310,28950809,Posted: 2 January,all,Joe,Cool game.. I like it so much!
,Recommended,332310,23140933,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Vivaldi,SWWWWWWWWWWWWEEEEEEEEEETTTTTTTTTTTTTT
76561198202977974,Not Recommended,332310,24660332,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,๋,"I taught it being a lego game it was going to be fun. Man was I wrong it is fun for the first 30 mins. I bought this as soon as it came out, but it was like a bad minecraft clone just it took longer to find something. It is a ok game I hate to downvote it , they did lower the price to something acceptable. I just didn't like it that much and if you bought it hope you find some joy in it."
76561198191246111,Recommended,332310,24147886,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Mr Hi,"Hi i  like this but when i go on it every time it removes my stuff i had a dragon,burned,black,white,brown,horse basicly nearly every thing Please fix this and i will give it five stars this is hwo many stars you have right now:🌟🌟🌟"
,Not Recommended,332310,30422933,Posted: 10 March,all,Spikey,"Since the new update, my game seems to freeze every like 4 seconds, I changed directX and other video settings but it doesnt fix the problem. It isnt my computer as it can run things like Ow and gta V on max settings perfectly fine. If anyone can help me fix this ill change my review but yea."
,Not Recommended,332310,30425548,Posted: 10 March,all,Narg,"Let me start out by saying THE CAMERA SUCKS!!!  Or at least the original setting did.  Definately go into the setting and set to ""track and zoom"" to get the normal open world camera you are used to getting.  The narritive is good, but not open world like at all.  I hope the game gets better, but for now I'm not giving it a ""thumbs up"" just yet."
76561198043028011,Recommended,332310,26765360,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AJSA-Nicotb,░░█▀░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀███████░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░███████▌░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░████████░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████▌░░░▌▄███▌░░░░▀████▄░░░░▀████▌░░▐▀▀▄█▄░▌░░░▄██▄▄▄▀░░░░████▄▄░▐░▀░░═▐░░░░░░══░░▀░░░░▐▀░▄▀▌▌▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀░▀░░▌▌▐░░░▄▀░░░▀░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░▌█░▌▌░▌░░▀▀▄▄▀▀▄▌▌░░░░░░░░░░▐░▀▐▐░░▌░░▌░▄▄▄▄░░░▌░░░░░░░░▐░░▀▐░░░█░▐▄██████▄░▐░░░░░░░░█▀▄▄▀░░░▐░▌▌░░░░░░▀▀▄▐░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░█░░▄▀▀▀▀▄░▄═╝▄░░░▄▀░▌░░░░░░░░░▌▐░░░░░░▌░▀▀░░▄▀░░▐░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░▄█▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░░░░▌▌░░░░░░░░▄▀▌▀▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▄░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░▌█▄▄▀▄░░░░░░▄▀░░░░▌░░░▌▄▄░░░▄▐██████▄▄░▄▀░░▄▄▄▄▌░░░░▄░░░▄▌████████▄▄▄███████▌░░░░░▄░▄▀░██████████████████▌▀▄░░░░▀░░░█████▀▀░░░▀███████░░░▀▄░░░░░░▐█▀░░░▐░░░░░▀████▌░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░▐░░▀▀█░░░░░░░▀░░░░░░▐░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░╔╗║░╔═╗░═╦═░░░░░╔╗░░╔═╗░╦═╗░░║║║░║░║░░║░░░░░░╠╩╗░╠═╣░║░║░░║╚╝░╚═╝░░║░░░░░░╚═╝░║░║░╩═╝░
76561198084717059,Recommended,332310,31571490,Posted: 5 May,all,TheShadowOfTime,I got this game right as it hit steam in 2015 it is so fun I loved in 2015 and I love it now
76561198048048796,Recommended,332310,23749707,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,kierankent,good game
76561198143514254,Not Recommended,332310,30748306,Posted: 26 March,all,ajacona,My kid loves it but we can't play it anymore because of the black screen problem on start up and no solution. It's very frustraing and breaks my son's heart that he can't play the game. Plus because we use mac's we have to play it through a program called crossover which costs extra.
76561198251075172,Recommended,332310,33834045,Posted: 27 July,all,DoomFish skinhub.com,Great Game
76561198169517533,Recommended,332310,23601652,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,DustyOrRusty,very good and fun game to play!
,Recommended,332310,23619760,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Nerutoe,"It´s great, can´t wait for the multiplayer! ;)"
76561198063656012,Recommended,332310,23692325,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Happy,Have you ever wanted to be a flying ostrich moonwalking in the sky while killing on of you're friends THIS GAME IS FOR YOU.
,Recommended,332310,20987236,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Sneepar,"Why buy legos when you can make them? Hi, I'm Sneepar and I'm here to tell you about lego WORLDS. Its a WORLD where you can make♥♥♥♥♥♥and call it a lego WORLD. WORLDS are almost like minecraft, exept you can build♥♥♥♥♥♥and love it. Find manuals for real legos and make it in here! Hell yeah, no more real life♥♥♥♥♥♥ time for kids to stare at a goddamn screen all day."
76561198071088191,Recommended,332310,30378915,Posted: 7 March,all,Googster,Great Game but my Pc Is so bad its hard to play now.Hope I can get a new Pc Or Fix it so I can Play this more.
,Recommended,332310,34044514,Posted: 5 August,all,РАК,"Очень прикольная игра, но советую её обновить потому что потихоньку начинает поднадаедать"
76561198207368711,Recommended,332310,34373856,Posted: 20 August,all,Rudros Dred,ONE OF THE BEST GAMES EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,332310,16131113,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Aneros,"Seems like a fun game for kids and grown ups, but Multiplayer would be nice .."
43232332323322332,Recommended,332310,33017361,Posted: 29 June,all,annal,Как вы не можете строить игрушки?
76561198272894845,Not Recommended,332310,25057720,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Naeplays,grrrr it cant load
,Not Recommended,332310,25056145,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,BauerHaus,"At the time of review this is an early access game, if you're reading this for a newer version just ignore me.  I hope they made it better since I played.My play time is short because at this time this game is barely functional.  Its controls are buggy, the game play has no purpose other than to collect models and items, some of which you generate through the menus and interact with to collect.  Some you may have to search for but its not many.I do however expect this game to get better, maybe I'll pick it back up then, for now I'm refunding out."
76561198071799170,Not Recommended,332310,29376264,Posted: 20 January,all,Storm,"Not really good. You don't have the option to create the lego pieces, only pre-fabricated buildings. There is no need to ""harvest"" materials, so the most you will get of this is by destroying everything, which is not what lego is known for."
,Recommended,332310,22856658,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,stolen stalin,i ran around a desert made of dessert and destroying the world with dragons. then i went home and played lego worlds.
76561198046163813,Recommended,332310,34120628,Posted: 9 August,all,Light Shadows,i'm haveing prob with thing not loading right
,Recommended,332310,18038597,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,EthanAndHisGames,AWESOME GAME I RECOMMEND IT IF YOU LIKE MINECRAFT ADVENTURE AND LEGOS #WHATAMIDOINGWITHMYLIFE
,Not Recommended,332310,34380006,Posted: 20 August,all,hambo61,bad
,Recommended,332310,18059979,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,craftycommando,Damn sight better than no mans sky.
,Recommended,332310,16781595,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Bex,Put coop multiplayer and it will be so much better :D
,Recommended,332310,29048235,Posted: 5 January,all,GamerABC123,EPIC LEGO GAME!!!!
76561198254219145,Recommended,332310,31615614,Posted: 7 May,all,alicia.hughes,Relly Laggy
76561198381284123,Not Recommended,332310,32275817,Posted: 8 June,all,SonOfStarGod,"the controls are hard to use and the beging enimys are to op saying you dont have any wepons i was hyped for this game, now im just flat you dissapointed"
76561198046237858,Not Recommended,332310,32476761,Posted: 16 June,all,Varegi,"So casul, I don't know what I expected."
76561198041548931,Recommended,332310,26319831,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,MindTerror,_- )
76561198118495615,Not Recommended,332310,33808617,Posted: 26 July,all,Nate Sharkbait,Not a fan of this game its minecraft but with legos
,Not Recommended,332310,33812550,Posted: 26 July,all,Sullivas,No.
76561198231018300,Not Recommended,332310,34154360,Posted: 10 August,all,Noko,"Ok,I like the game it's fun,amazing,and cool but I can't travel to any other worlds!So,fix you god damn game.I'm really disapointed in the game,I even played in early acess and I thought the early acess was better than this trash.I'm just so,clucklepeacked!"
76561198087813946,Not Recommended,332310,30480696,Posted: 12 March,all,Farsight,not what I expected...
76561197976497420,Not Recommended,332310,33868198,Posted: 28 July,all,NoRegrets1961,"I bought this game when Steam first come with early access about 2 years ago i think. I thought it would be like the other Lego games, ( WRONG ) I don't even try to play anymore, too boring. Would love to have some type of story like other Lego video games, which i love with a passion."
,Not Recommended,332310,34168462,Posted: 11 August,all,Crazedtech,"UnplayableBought this back in beta, was really unpolished but fun, Very laggy, then the full release rolled around and i got some free DLC for playing it in beta, well... the update made it unplayable, sure the first time i launched it after the update it was fun because it was playable, tried the new story mode, but then i went to bed and the next day i launched it only to see the opening movie when you first open the game, and the part about ""infinite worlds"" was cut out, it then cuts to a scene where a pink astronaut traps a gorilla in a hole, then it asked me to overwrite my save file, in this menu E and C are supposed to do stuff but they don't and my mouse is invisible, after a while of painful trying to click the buttons, i overwrite my save only to be greeted by ""Scanning the galaxy -1%"" wait a few hours and it doesnt moveWait a whole night, doesn't moveSo i found a post on the discussions about this issue, and i'm active over there if you are having the same problem and despite it having 50+ replys NONE OF THE DEVELOPERS GIVE A S***TI have tried everything and nothing is workingSTOP MAKING DLC AND FIX THE DAMN BUGS"
,Not Recommended,332310,34255518,Posted: 15 August,all,HotShot908,"Honestly kind of boring, and the building is awkward on pc."
,Not Recommended,332310,35150916,Posted: 23 September,all,goal:dilmun,"I bought this game to play with my kids, but mulitplayer doesn't work. I've tried asking about this on the forums, but no reply. Feel I have wasted the money for three copies of this game, since we can't play it together and that was the whole point of it for us."
76561198072478244,Not Recommended,332310,33826985,Posted: 27 July,all,noovaak69,Im really dissapointed. Because when DLC space pack came out... i lost many many things and i cant even ulock them now -.- Oh wait and many many BUGS!
76561198081497796,Not Recommended,332310,23593560,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Tobstar,"Wow, we who buy early acess dont get a copy for our friends? Never agian Warner Bros!"
76561198104541443,Not Recommended,332310,16557246,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,pinna55,"I got into this world, and immediately figured out I could smash stuff. The entire game consists of wandering, smashing things to get money, and discovering biomes. There is no survival mechanic. All in all, it got pretty boring very, VERY quickly. However, I did like the idea."
,Not Recommended,332310,23602928,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,YGBHawk,"I just had a promotion pop up as i logged in to steam. Buy 1 copy get one free for a friend... My mrs would love a free copy but oh wait for it i got this game ages ago to support it. Now they do an offer i cant take part in, like, wtf! WHERE'S MY FREE COPY!So what was a good review is going bad, dont even care."
,Not Recommended,332310,16571815,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Cactus,"At first glance, Epic.Personally this game got quite damn boring. I'm 19 and I just ran out of things to do here.Not much to see, not much to do. Build something. Which can btw feel tedious + annoying.But in all fairness, this is only a new release. But I can't see much more going on here... Except more content, which isn't that great really.....Just more stuff to see for the first time and feel sick of.Maybe I'd set my hopes too high for this game. We'll see where it goes."
,Not Recommended,332310,23620420,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,lu3mm3l,Short:* Buggy* Nothing to do* Way better Alternatives out there* No crafting* Resource hogPro:* It's Lego :)Get Minecraft or CubeWorld (if you get a chance) or even Trove.
,Not Recommended,332310,31094700,Posted: 12 April,all,FriS hellcase.com,"I love this game, but it got boring really fast..... and now its 29,99?!?!?!?!?!"
76561198180448970,Recommended,332310,30405847,Posted: 9 March,all,Sebastian .K,GOOD GAME^-^
,Not Recommended,332310,29907737,Posted: 13 February,all,mythicarcher,"Whoever decided to make the controles for this game should be shot. Why do you have the main input buttons do several things at the same time? The way your character moves is absolute garbage and honestly had me so angry that I already hate myself for ever trying this game. 0/10 for this garbage. I do think the game COULD be fun, but only if they redo the controls and actually make it playable."
,Not Recommended,332310,16663492,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,moboko,First impression: disappointing.  Sluggish and annoying gameplay.  Thankfully Steam now offers refunds.  My recommendation is to gift this game to someone you don’t particularly care for and have considered removing from your steam friends but were unwilling to pull the trigger.  Let them do the dirty work.  After 20 minutes of gameplay they will have no choice but to unfriend you.
,Not Recommended,332310,30378481,Posted: 7 March,all,DapperPickle9,"Horrible controls, the mechanics are terrible, there's no purpose. Basically you run around in a world of badly rendered lego bricks, and smack other minifigs."
76561198085026255,Recommended,332310,31185307,Posted: 16 April,all,acanofhell gamdom.com,.
,Not Recommended,332310,23126798,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Kai,"this game looks fun when u watch it but when u play it, its boring. u spend 90% of ur time looking for stuff so u can have fun. a d build mechanics, R D WORST! it easier todo stuff with vehecels in d game. my adivse, Don't Buy it"
,Recommended,332310,23576719,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,JerryCrazyWheels,dont read the reviews it will make your brain say steam reviews is♥♥♥♥♥cancer fill with trolls will laugh and say this game don't run on my computer never let other people hold your hands pick what game is fun for you it your choice to play any game you want.
76561198121228068,Recommended,332310,29599077,Posted: 30 January,all,Ubisoft™,getting bored after like 10 minutes. still rating good because otherwise crazy nerds will shoot missiles on me.
,Not Recommended,332310,31173087,Posted: 16 April,all,My Summer Spider,You should check out that meteor crash site there is bound to be something there.You should check out that meteor crash site there is bound to be something there.You should check out that meteor crash site there is bound to be something there.You should check out that meteor crash site there is bound to be something there.You should check out that meteor crash site there is bound to be something there.You should check out that meteor crash site there is bound to be something there.
,Not Recommended,332310,18099026,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Hairy Longflap,It ain't replacing Minecraft anytime soon
76561198143952776,Recommended,332310,25026500,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Good boi :),i road harambe so 10/10
,Recommended,332310,30382580,Posted: 7 March,all,TetraCatt,"ok, i like lego games"
76561198092145061,Recommended,332310,23589020,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Hallix,I have the game. But I don't have a gift for a friend!I think.....Good game I played it for half the day today!!!!
,Not Recommended,332310,34778930,Posted: 6 September,all,dinobotterd,Was good now sucks
,Recommended,332310,23756580,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Konkey Dong,"Well... bought it, girlfriend came over, we played for 2 hours, had sex, played for another 2 hours... we both love this game but she wants to play with me from home. NEEDS MULTIPLAYER! But good game, got me laid, really good if you have people to play with. even alone though it is fun! 7/10 because no multiplayer and movement is weird."
76561198118177192,Not Recommended,332310,16732066,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,DidgeryDON'T,"DEFINETLY needs optimizing maybe a mac version hello skip linux no one uses it go to mac OSX support , i have to run this through an application converter on PC steam and it is WAY too laggy lowest settings and everything i have 2.4 GHZ processors (Intel) and i have 4 GB of RAM please make an optimized mac version!!!!!!!"
76561198181983103,Not Recommended,332310,16654739,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,RetroZeb,"Having paid for this game and downloaded it, it WON'T LOAD!!! I haven't heard back from support yet so am unable to play it.  I had to just click on the ""play"" button lots of times so I could write this review!"
,Not Recommended,332310,16733378,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,[TC],"this game is a piece of lego it needs a stuped graphic card which supports shader model 3, fix this immediatly this pisses me off"
,Not Recommended,332310,19977284,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,celau,no thanks
76561198164745297,Not Recommended,332310,19981052,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,King gunner,I did not know I had to have a shader model 3 graphics card
76561197968733970,Not Recommended,332310,18106074,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,mello,"Lack of hours from those that say this is ""incredible"" suggests the following - either they are lying or they were disapointed a couple more hours into it.There is something fundamental missing here, and I disagree with those that say this is a matter of time. There is no FUN! Fun is not something you get in the next patch, either you start the game from scracht aiming at fun or you not going to have it.If you like beatifull scenarios, and lego (a lot!) - and like to be bored while looking at it... this is a game for you."
76561198017432870,Recommended,332310,23597436,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,ZarDoz Jr.,I loved the game i love legos and more in it but the problome is at it dos not have multiplayer and i do hope at 1 day it will.I well play it all day lone
76561198088367520,Recommended,332310,23598926,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,illuminazi,"This game is very fun and excting. I spent countless hours playing this game. The only downside to it, was that I can no longer play the game. Everytime I launch the game it says running and does not actually run. I know my computer can handle it because I was albe to play it before I did everything I could to fix this but nothing worked. I advise you to be careful with this game and not mess with the options too much."
76561198273011654,Not Recommended,332310,22600415,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Jace04YT,it sucks and i dont want it i thought it was like those other lego games but smooshed together but i dont like it all you do is build and stuff
76561198121451775,Recommended,332310,21861509,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,12 Gallons Of Bleach,m9
76561198193435321,Not Recommended,332310,21936704,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Busby,this game really isnt that fun spen money on somthing else
76561198174786155,Not Recommended,332310,30403262,Posted: 8 March,all,johnathanmccollum2000,do not buy less you love Lego's so much
,Not Recommended,332310,23333757,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,KoolAid,If you have time for it go ahead. It is slight sloppy in how the game works though. You get barely any freedom of how you can build. Only stupid smearing or 1 at a time
76561198154339785,Recommended,332310,30377239,Posted: 7 March,all,Project_Buster Farmskins.com,Nw multiplayer is good thanks for adding a multiplayer very thanks I love you
76561198200226463,Not Recommended,332310,30380087,Posted: 7 March,all,RadLlama123,"Not that, it is very glitchy."
76561198273713494,Not Recommended,332310,31167926,Posted: 15 April,all,RyanObie14,Not a very fun game
,Not Recommended,332310,28301038,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Fried Rice,Not playable at all. I think going out of early access is joke.
76561197969838932,Not Recommended,332310,17124581,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,samuraiBela,still not update nothing  news tools game sucks
,Not Recommended,332310,22712415,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,UnknownCows,it wont run D:
76561198091870895,Not Recommended,332310,17946610,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,-XallBaTa* {} <3 [BGTrans],It's not funny for me .
76561198033825111,Not Recommended,332310,19256010,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,3HA4OWZ,"It's not something that I'd recommend.  It's almost like a harder to control Minecraft Lite, which there's already a verson of on the IPad verson."
,Not Recommended,332310,19328611,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Llamacorn,"MehFind digger, cool!Find fire breating dragon, awesome!Get bored playing a Minecraft spin-off not half as good as Minecraft.Get Minecraft."
76561197980671849,Not Recommended,332310,32867008,Posted: 27 June,all,sku,"You travel to an island, unlock npc's and repeat, nothing rewarding at all and they're trying to get people to buy DLC already.The name of the game is also a lie because you aren't even on a ""world"". The ""world"" is flat and you can fall off of the edge of the ""world"". If anything it should be called Lego Biblically Accurate World."
,Not Recommended,332310,33029080,Posted: 30 June,all,Demented,I think that this game would have been better as the game it was in earlier versions than what it has evolved into.
76561198136086177,Recommended,332310,23605656,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Tom Bombadil9000,"Like Legos? Like minecraft? Are you creative?Your in luck, this is the game for you!! I haven't played it much cause it doesn't come in mac, but if you have a pc.....GET THIS GAME.....It is AWESOME!!!"
76561198206833409,Not Recommended,332310,33801808,Posted: 25 July,all,spiderman2812™,! do not like this game :(
76561198194010325,Recommended,332310,30399159,Posted: 8 March,all,SirWolf,It's Groit
76561197970730856,Not Recommended,332310,32279119,Posted: 8 June,all,kingsfire,This is pathetic doesnt run on win 10 or win 7 and publisher doesnt care no sugestions for solving the problem. No answers to posts about the problems. Do not waste your money
,Recommended,332310,30653533,Posted: 21 March,all,ddxe,dddfd
76561198295347032,Recommended,332310,23231391,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,PandaJ17,you should make it so that you can play it on LinuxMint 173 but still the game is good.
,Recommended,332310,23789310,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,B1 Battle Droid,WE BUILT THIS CITY OFF ROC-i mean legos
76561198282312725,Not Recommended,332310,31447796,Posted: 29 April,all,buster517,very laggy for my point of view i didnt like it at all
76561198062113704,Not Recommended,332310,30327105,Posted: 4 March,all,merckeln,we just downloaded the game today and it really frustrated my 6 year old son because the mouse settings are very slow and the character doesn't move on command. I'm not sure if there is a settings option like most games but I will see if I can find out because I was unable to find any. I am usually pretty good at locating this stuff too. I really hope this is not going to be how it runs when it is out of early release.
76561198177075481,Recommended,332310,30346643,Posted: 5 March,all,Papa,this game is pretty neati like to play it with my friend who didnt buy it yet but he should
76561198200194281,Not Recommended,332310,28572778,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,RLTRADING,"This game is a fun game at first. Then a bit later it gets very boring. with no tutorial on what to do, i suggest that they make a return opion on this game i dont recomend this game but if you like just and i mean just walking around and flying then this is the game for but if not then dont buy it."
,Recommended,332310,25580949,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Megajoemama,"Okay dookayTime to be honeest, my past review ""Lego my Ego"" really didn't explain this game well enough. Basically don't buy and or waste your time with this game. I like it because it is a unique idea, everything else sucks.P.S the boss baby told me he likes this game"
76561198350526549,Recommended,332310,30383689,Posted: 7 March,all,TheOnlyHunter03,i want to say this is the best game i ever played (on steam) but the new update made it waiy more laggy for me so is there anyway to remove the lag (or possibly lower the lag) but its still an amazinh game
,Not Recommended,332310,28807410,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Pyrolex_,"Even at its lowest settings, the game still runs poorly and likes to freeze every few seconds. Please fix the graphics settings so that they are more optimized."
,Not Recommended,332310,23763918,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,JereMyWay,"It's boring, well for me it is. But maybe not for kids, kids would probably love playing this game."
,Recommended,332310,23575086,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,skylandernik,i like it
76561198149695180,Not Recommended,332310,34313001,Posted: 17 August,all,rnpharr,"just just dont just don't just don't buy the game the now it has made in to creapy game now and there is a ea gift that does nothing and pc version i hate i mean ps4,xbox one version's are alot better i like to tell not get pc version and get ps4 and the xbox one versions of the game becuase theres much much more to play threres a t-rex you can the dreigens so buy the ps4 and xbox one versions of lego worlds its much more worth it"
,Recommended,332310,23603439,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,The Captain Bobowits,Pretty cool but gets boring in 2 minutes
76561197999663600,Recommended,332310,23631525,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,theparasite,"bonus , 2 can play at same time with seperate controllers ."
76561198136003441,Recommended,332310,23597703,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,MakoMashiro,I would like give 10/10 but this game nid to rework on controls and also if multiplayer exist in this types of game sure be a lot of fun .. now i give 6/10 for early excess :) hope for the finish product .
76561198164153907,Recommended,332310,23602036,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Earacorn,It was very different from other lego games but it was a lot of fun.
76561198091768288,Recommended,332310,30206951,Posted: 26 February,all,Tytykeys,All Lego games are good why did you even check if theres bad reviews?
76561198110889387,Recommended,332310,26073949,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,WatcherCobalt,♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198067848986,Recommended,332310,19945367,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,sharrockd88,ok
,Recommended,332310,27147540,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gifibaka,I WANT LEGO UNIVERSE BACK ;-;    :((((((((((((((((((((((((((
76561198369435346,Not Recommended,332310,32988694,Posted: 29 June,all,gamermeetshyena,The game is good. But they need to make it actually freaking work. First it said the game was launching then it crashes. Now it crashes after black screen. I got a refund.
76561198077623970,Recommended,332310,19684472,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Lunacity,verry lego
,Recommended,332310,16153234,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,George,"I saw this game in my queue on steam, and shrugged it off, thinking, ""Eh, I guess they're bringing back the old lego games? Though I don't exactly remember this title...""After a bit of browsing, I decided to look back at it, and the second I saw the screenshot, I literally screamed like a little girl and added it to my cart, downloaded, and binged on it for nearly 10 hours IN A ROW.As a child, I grew up around legos. MANY, MANY LEGOS. Hell, as I write this review, I have 2 giant plastic crates FULL of them. I loved them then, and I love them now, and let me just say, this game is basically like if you had endless lego, and were on the scale of a lego minifigure.If games like blockland, cube world, or planet explorers, or any of the other Traveller's Tales' Lego games are your cup of tea, this game... is just... Man.Man. Oh, Man, is it good."
76561198112217849,Recommended,332310,16310045,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,ChaoticJestrick,"After playing it for 6 hours, all I can say is that I am enjoying it but it needs improvements.Let me clear something up first, this not a Minecraft ""Killer"" ""Clone"" or any other stupid titles given to this game by idiot media entry writers.1. It needs keybind controls.2. More creatures LIKE(Tigers, Trolls, Cyclops, and Bigfigs) and items like (Lightsabers, ETC) and stuff to explore.3. It needs a way to delete worlds easier rather then quiting the game and editing the files4. Preformance needs to be inproved.It is not a bad game, tons of exploration, buildings to find and structures to create and things to find. I've noticed creatures fight one another which is a nice touch. But, I could recommend for anyone who interested in exploring."
,Recommended,332310,28038737,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,♠Mattress AKA Matias♠,man i love this game its an oppa nice game
,Recommended,332310,28305631,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Харухи Сузумия <3,"Загрузить мир - *click* - ""Не удается создать файл сохранения""Загрузить мир - *click* - ""Не удается создать файл сохранения""(х2)Загрузить мир - *click* - ""Не удается создать файл сохранения""(х3)Загрузить мир - *click* - ""Не удается создать файл сохранения""(х4)Каеф10\1"
,Recommended,332310,28022501,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Dwight K. Schrute,This game is really good
,Recommended,332310,33719799,Posted: 22 July,all,Goldencraft87,ANOYED I WISH I COULD PLAY BUT MY GAME JUST GETS TO THE FIRST 1-2 IMAGES AND CRASHES PLEASE HELP I WANT TO PLAY PLEASE! I LOVE THIS GAME BUT I WANT TO CONTINUE PLAYING! PLEASE HELP
76561198094321628,Recommended,332310,31679322,Posted: 11 May,all,STEVEN AGEVER,i like it
76561198297362970,Not Recommended,332310,30528471,Posted: 15 March,all,BlazeExo420,The new update has made it so u can not free raom if u want 2!
,Recommended,332310,35444077,Posted: 3 October,all,DinoConfirmed,dfgnufjdopf]vghr7gedc]vLove it
76561198327864564,Not Recommended,332310,33547552,Posted: 14 July,all,ntxmitchell,the game lego worlds  pc crashes at surtint times
,Not Recommended,332310,35477533,Posted: 4 October,all,Henlo My Guy,Not fun.
,Not Recommended,332310,16292897,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Fiirewolvar,"I've played over an hour of this game, and it isn't my cup of tea. If you love creativity, building and exploring, then buy it. But that kind of thing isn't for me, I'm afraid. I was bored after an hour and went to play something else.Pros:-Massive, beautiful world-Free to do whatever you want-Loads of vehicles, people, etcCons:-Camera control is awful-Other people have been reporting problems with framerate, etcOpinions:-I don't enjoy the ability to freely explore and build for long, so I found this boring after an hour or so... I don't recommend it to people like myself, but if you enjoy this kind of thing, buy it-I don't like the fact that you have to find some stuff to unlock it, but it could be considered a good feature to people who enjoy explorationThe non-recommendation is NOT because this game is bad. I just don't enjoy it much. I'm glad to have tried it."
76561197965815118,Recommended,332310,16151122,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,gOvinda,"if your kids like Lego and Micraft, buy it! amazing graphics / gameplay !"
,Recommended,332310,30389573,Posted: 8 March,all,Poob!,"Wahhh. Now there's a game I have to play to get to creative. Yep. Don't be a little baby, play the game. They had to add a real game to it at some point you whiners.1.0 is awesome. there is a real game to play."
76561197985362230,Not Recommended,332310,31566759,Posted: 5 May,all,Grakor,It's 2017. This is a game without any form of key rebinding.That by itself is ridiculous and makes this game deserve a thumbs down.
76561197980147270,Not Recommended,332310,30380205,Posted: 7 March,all,Dat Boi,This game is a lot different then when I used to play it. I don't like it anymore. I can't even load my saves I had so much progress on! Thumbs down!!!
,Not Recommended,332310,23561890,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Kilroy5150,"When i saw the title i was thinking...AWESOME....When i discovered there were no re-mapping controls in the menu....it became very NOT-awesome. Any game i can't configure to a comfort level i honestly don't want to play. If there is a re-mapping option, i haven't seen it and i don't want to go through a new learning curve just to find out where it is. That problem was removed back in 1994 and doesn't need to resurface. Honestly, i know it's an early-access but no key-mapping in the main menu....really?So no, i don't recommend this game until it's customization features mature a little....and i looked all over for them. And, if they're not on the main menu...they need to fix it.That kind of thing a gamer shouldn't have to hunt for....Until then, i'm putting the rest of my review on hold...Update: Another problem i have with this game is where it tries to tell ME that my game is struggling, even when it's perfectly fine to me. I mean, maybe it's telling me that it, the game, is struggling with some internal issue but my system is working just fine. The LAST thing we need is a game aggravating us so that we will go and spend money, to upgrade our systems, so it will stop bugging us about it.I've been a gamer since 1981 and this game is staring out on shaky legs, i've never seen a game whine so much but then i've been in the console world for the past 7 years and the worst i had seen was the start of GTA 5 Online (when it had all it's bugs)....."
76561198085854070,Recommended,332310,16243364,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,BABA YAGA,Game of the yearyou can sit on clouds 10/10
,Not Recommended,332310,16186099,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Gyorai-Bito,This game is ok and i know its still a wip. But i think its not ready for the market yet. As i said i like it but i would not spend 100 hours on it.
,Not Recommended,332310,30403689,Posted: 8 March,all,PIZZA LORD,Put it back the way it was.Fix it.
,Recommended,332310,30404261,Posted: 8 March,all,hoeltgman,"It's Lego, it's fun. I love it."
,Not Recommended,332310,24018880,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,sauce boy,roblox is bttr ne way idc-bryanvapelord
76561197971171796,Not Recommended,332310,23576302,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Moogoth,"great game... but STILL NO MULTIPLAYER! this is a joke really cuz a FREE game like Unturned being developed by 1 KID! ... has mutiplayer. besides this, LEGO worlds (should be world because your alone!) is fun but the controls and the camera is horrably made. camera moves automaticly to try to look strate ahead instead of keeping the angle you put it at... so that cliff you were trying NOT to fall down...guess what you get to learn how to fly... or try to fun fun. *remembers bad memorys of Mario 64 camera*... this game needs to be refined a lot more i expect a LOT more from LEGO then this very sad because it has SOOO much potetial!"
,Recommended,332310,23588388,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,[WDT]R3con,My seven year old loves the game.  If your looking for mindless open world fun this could be your ticket.  But if your looking for debth look elsewhere.
,Not Recommended,332310,34400842,Posted: 21 August,all,The_Sly_Fox951,Terrable optimisation. Its ark all over again.
76561198137634233,Recommended,332310,23559062,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Kozzer,you can beat up oldmen and then they want eggs.218947982317408923740128/1
,Not Recommended,332310,16667264,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,"29.92""Hg",Don't. It's trash at the moment...
76561198204728537,Not Recommended,332310,23571673,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,coolsumo11111,Where is my copy for a friend?
76561198282474326,Not Recommended,332310,30440363,Posted: 10 March,all,Dklizznein,"Needs a lot of work. Game crashes seem to be frequent, and allowed me to play with a controller before the keyboard controls are awful, until the first crash which made my controller non recognizable once I enter a game, yet the controller works at the start menu."
,Not Recommended,332310,20274169,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Ace of Aces,"If MINECRAFT and LEGO had a baby, it is LEGO Worlds. It is an okay game at the moment, but i am sure the game is a work in progress. JK; they totally given up on this game and left to go work on LEGO Dimensions. So basically the game cant run on my computer because there are some serious problems. The physics in this game are so inaccurate and when you kill people there is no blood. NO BLOOD! BLOOD IS ESSENTIAL TO LEGO MINIFIGURES! COME ON PEOPLE!Anyway, This is an okay game for at most, $1 Yen.Skydiving Simulator 1969"
,Not Recommended,332310,18464361,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,GamerPi,"thought it would be good, kind of ran around and it seemed confusing. frame rate was terrible and steam wont do anything to help me out with a refund even though i only played like 10 minutes of this game"
,Not Recommended,332310,34451202,Posted: 23 August,all,TwoBit,"Imagine, if you will, No Mans Sky, except every world is one of 5 types, wild west, candy-land, forest, lava and desert. What you find on those worlds are all the same, ""people"" walking back and forth, some people have, what they generously call ""quests"" which consist of one of three things, 1 building a thing where they want you to, coloring a thing what color they want, or giving them some trash that might be on that world.The controls suck, I doubt anyone played it on PC with a mouse and keyboard, if at all. Ten seconds is all it takes to realize how incredibly dumb the key binds are. The game looks like trash. Minecraft looks better and that was released 8 years ago and programmed in a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ programming language made for industrial micro-controlers.At the price point of $30 you would be better off buying any other sandbox game. This might be a good $10 if you are just buying a game and don't really care if you only play it once.Worst of all, they released paid DLC, a single ""play set"" for $4. Even No Mans Sky didn't try to charge for DLC.TLDR: Too expensive, Nothing to see, noting to do, annoying and broken controls and could be confused with a garbage game for the WII made in 2006"
76561198282272868,Not Recommended,332310,23561026,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,AspiringEye,Lags a lot but a big world!
,Not Recommended,332310,17258754,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,VENOMWEHBS,No don't you dare click the buy button don't you DAREEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!! 0/10 boring!
76561198362967305,Recommended,332310,30374365,Posted: 7 March,all,lucvernnvanderveen,Great game. Go for it!
,Recommended,332310,31112592,Posted: 13 April,all,Zeknafein,"Early Access done right!hem hem hemDayZ, ark, 7days to die, The Forest, Rust, H1Z1, Planet Explorers, Savage LandsCoughGough"
76561198208816836,Not Recommended,332310,30205228,Posted: 26 February,all,Destroyer_Alex,I had the game and it deleted it and I got for free before it changed to $15
,Recommended,332310,23632859,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Stratty,U build things - 10/7 I have no soul.
76561198309236191,Recommended,332310,23409180,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Alex_the_water-ling,This is a free world lego game like mine craft but more lego
,Recommended,332310,31162569,Posted: 15 April,all,VODKA OHAA,k
,Not Recommended,332310,33325402,Posted: 6 July,all,Kev,It gets boring pretty fast
,Not Recommended,332310,25703941,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Billyball998,"ran really poorly on my r9 390 nitro, 16 fps"
,Recommended,332310,22621965,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Ninjaboy418,I love it Had to refund cause  i need to get cs:go
,Not Recommended,332310,30415925,Posted: 9 March,all,Genei | 엘케,"This is just starting as a clone of all the other Lego games that are around. Traveler's Tales you're great, but not just now."
76561198104929992,Recommended,332310,31091018,Posted: 11 April,all,Flowey The Flower,Yea! XD
,Recommended,332310,23621447,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Admin,its so cool
76561198369955567,Not Recommended,332310,30532842,Posted: 15 March,all,liambayne1226,It's really laggy and slow if they help me for i'll recomend but now i give it a thumbs down but steam help me so I can reccomend it
,Recommended,332310,23613804,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Rusty Shackleford,Buy one copy get another copy for a friend for free.  I bought this game a year ago and boy do I feel ripped off now.
76561198153302759,Recommended,332310,23609213,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,( ͔͕̘̭̙͙̥͇ͯ ͜ʖ̴̾0),I makes me want to walk through a hole hallway with a bunch of lego pieces on the  floor10/10
76561198079093780,Recommended,332310,23588559,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,yoyofilms,intereting game with endless possiblities
,Recommended,332310,23597850,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,MewGirl101,Best game ever I could play this for days!
,Recommended,332310,23588630,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Bandit 4 Life,This brings back so much lego memories!!!!
76561198239780406,Recommended,332310,23574319,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,McBingBing,Soooo fun. endless possibilitys and i had so much fun
,Recommended,332310,23600925,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,ebpmdb123,its so good
76561198169868943,Recommended,332310,30491631,Posted: 13 March,all,gamingtoday093,This.. THIS GAME IS GOOD BOI!!Step1: Buy.Step2: umm..Step2: From now on I like metorites ;DStep3: PLAY DA GAME IN DA HOOD(Not the place but wear a hood. It will give you a FAR BETTER EXPERIENCE I PROMISE!!! NO SCAM!!)Step9001: PROFIT!!
76561198073819114,Recommended,332310,20007632,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,CAT ATTACK!,accidently steped on it
76561198208458652,Not Recommended,332310,28922777,Posted: 1 January,all,Gavin,This game is so bad never spend your money on this 15.00$ for this bad game DONT DOWNLOAD
,Not Recommended,332310,24091366,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Danger Zone,I hate this game the exploration is not fun and thats all the game is
,Recommended,332310,25063225,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,SirRoxasXIII,gay
76561198202917629,Recommended,332310,23726092,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,synthetic_form,add a peel p 50 /car/ if not look peel p 50 up
76561198047686954,Not Recommended,332310,30251168,Posted: 28 February,all,Bean Dip,Looks pretty but gets boaring fast. Pretty much just a creative mode game. Since you dont have to gather materials for building its hard to feel proud of your creations. Really wanted to like this game.
,Recommended,332310,25045830,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Jorgen Von Strangle,"If you want this game, you'd better be dadgum sure you've got a good PC. I don't."
,Not Recommended,332310,31142786,Posted: 14 April,all,Danke Meymey™,Played for a little over an hour and already requested a refund. Game is too glitchy and laggy. Even when I look at a medium-sized object in-game (e.g. Pirate clock tower) the game nearly crashes.
,Not Recommended,332310,33211911,Posted: 3 July,all,JSlimm,Eh got old quick.
76561198136486722,Not Recommended,332310,33089026,Posted: 1 July,all,570,"I got so excited for this game, but then it didn't run. Well, it ran, but like crap. Once I get a better computer I'll give this game a real review, for now just consider this my first negative review so I don't look like a nerd who enjoys every single game as long as I can afford it."
76561198271534500,Not Recommended,332310,30510017,Posted: 14 March,all,Mr.Brown,This game is full of glitches sometimes it just freezes sometimes it just puts player run forwards I JUST WANT TO REFUND THIS
76561198203131194,Not Recommended,332310,30595501,Posted: 18 March,all,googleguy21,TERABLE WITHOUT A CONTROLER DONT BUY WITHOUT A STEAM CONTROLER
,Not Recommended,332310,35211013,Posted: 25 September,all,Toast 7000,really slow loading screen went on for 1 hour woud not recomend to buy waste of money
,Recommended,332310,27750841,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Steven Johnson,"I am rather torn with this game. I mean, it's okay, not something I would expect from Tt though. My problem ismy crippling depressionthe fact that there is no direction. They don't give any tutorials or anything (not that I can see) and I am stuck wondering. The goal seems to just build and explore, like minecraft. This doesn't seem like something that would come from the makers of the other lego ones (the ones based off movies) but it isn't really that bad. I wish it was around when this stuff interested me instead of the time when my imagination dried up like women when they get old.If you've got some imagination inside of your head still, just go for it. If not, don't."
76561197998442036,Not Recommended,332310,32793180,Posted: 25 June,all,schloop,Dont waste your money
76561198380921905,Not Recommended,332310,31218125,Posted: 18 April,all,DarthBoy,not what i was expecting.
,Not Recommended,332310,16455466,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,"""Heisenberg""","This game is pretty bad \:its still early alpha and i hope they will improve this!Please dont do this mistake and buy this, wait when it will be full released!"
,Recommended,332310,30375561,Posted: 7 March,all,Torin Malwak,"Pshhhh, so, i've owned this since July 20th 2015, and I've played 7 hours. I cant say much as the last time i played it was 5 minutes before i gave up. with all the new interest in the full release I've seen on facebook, i sure hope it has a lot more to offer than it did when i bought it as it had horrible controls, didnt have MP at the time so hope that works, and didny have much to explore either. I would still recommend it though, for 15$ the building was nice, and really, we all just love LEGO deep down{EDIT} Wrote the review this morning after the LEGO facebook page reminded me it existed, since then it became 30$ and no longer early access, i would still recommend, BUT, for those considering it for their children i would recommend a console version, the controls are still very wonky and it isnt greatly optimized even for a pc slightly above their recommended specs"
,Recommended,332310,24749311,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,KingALLO.exe,Delete Minecraft .Download LEGO Worlds .Play LEGO Worlds .Find your first Goat .Kill Figures with Goat .Find Dragon .Im in Love .10/10 IGN Would be IMMERSIVE as fu** again .
76561198126363923,Not Recommended,332310,16155382,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,DestroyerJamie,At the current stage there's nothing to do apart from build it says there are secrets but I can't find anything. Given that it's early access I'd say that they'd add more in I'm guessing there'll be cities and the like and I'd love quests and what not but for now can't recommend
76561198065225691,Not Recommended,332310,23839186,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,VortHex,"Worst game ever.After 30 mins I realized it's a piece of nice, soft and warm $H17.You go around for like 5 minutes and it's feeling great, but after that, you pretty much did everything this game can offer, and as someone who loves LEGO and TT games, I'm disappointed.DON'T BUY THIS GAME."
76561198011834412,Not Recommended,332310,16476931,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Derida,"it hasn't yet optimization.i got good computer but i have much lag when i play it .if you wanna play it as well, you've to prapare over recommended computer spec."
,Recommended,332310,29596393,Posted: 30 January,all,₭ł₦₲ ₮Ɽł₱ ツ,-finds harambe in forest-rides harambe-swims across the seven seas with harambe-finds dragon lava island-tries to jump over lava pit with harambe-harambe dies (again)-finds dragon-flies dragon back to original island-makes another harambe-goes home and plays lego worlds-it was ok10/10
76561198195343305,Recommended,332310,34250384,Posted: 14 August,all,NightBrawler123,how to play multiplayer???
76561198160606535,Not Recommended,332310,16195561,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Turtlekid,THERE IS NOTHING TO DO you cannot do anything i got this game right when it acme out an i want a refund i was expecting something awesome spent all my time looking for those chests and i found one it was a F***ING BANNANA I WANT A REFUND
,Not Recommended,332310,16196698,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,lawura,"Very rough.Firstly, the game, unlike its analogies in the genre currently is aimed at very young audience, and not because of the theme, or graphics, but how it functions. The controls are horrible for someone who wants to have control.But let me start with the requirements. First thing that came up as soon as I loaded the game, is advice to turn graphics down because my config was apparently not enough to run it at, thou it exceeds the minimum requirements by far. Advice to devs: make the game to recognize the system config and configure the grafphcs on the load.Now back to controls. Most annoying thing is inability to have a control of the camera, it always slips to the default view. Yes, I get the idea that the same control handles both camera and character movement, but that is a very bad design. Put camera on middle mouse and frekking fix it.The only place where controls win is sticky combat. I maybe a little lazy, but when it comes to coop with other controls, or rather lack of them, I totally appreciate that I dont have to struggle to keep my char faced the right way in order to hit an enemy.Those controls will be good for a child who doesnt really care about precision and is happy with game doing half of the stuff for them. If controls were a little bit more precice I may have tought on looking forward to updates, but right now Minecraft stays on my machine just for letting me to do what I want, not what devs think I want to do.Further on, for me, as someone who has a large experience with first person the movement keys confuse. If I use AWSD I expect my character move backward when I press S, not turn around, while my camera sticks in same direction. Either turn the camera OR make char move backward.Menus are very inconsistent and totally NOT intuitive. On one menu you only have to ESC in order to exit it, in another you got to look for a special button. Every time you have to think, what menu you have opened now and what way will you close it.Very annoying that there is no option to delete a world from save, and lack of option to start new world instead of trying to find a fine location in the generation the games suggests.Loving the vehicles. Not so much for mounts, the controls there seem to be little bit more rusty, and there is absolutely no information of what kind of attack the  particular mount has. Same goes for character classes and use of inventory items. The is no indication what so ever of when does mage is using a fireball destroying a building I have been working on for half an hour and when is it a melee attack. There is no indication on what weapon is equiped and it it is going to make a big hole in my castle. I also didnt find a way to unequip a weapon. which again adds a lot ofannoyance with terrain destruction weapons.Much annoyance of inability to remove the set building or at least to make it stop spawning indefinite number of vehicles.Liking the thing about lego blocks, their size in scale to character, ability to make so many things and the idea of building out of them. But controls lack in this area too. Most horrible is constant uncotrollble camera spins, which you have to wait for to finishing playing the animation each time you switch from terraforming to building menu. Considering that the option of removing wrongly placed blocks exists only in terraforming menu, this becomes a nightmare.As for gameplay it looks like this: first time you log, go explore, collect blocks and coins and then can build what you want in any new world, if camera allows. Use coins to unlock some additional objects found in the terrain. I dont know if it was ever intentional to make this to be sort of survival game, but it doesnt work to be a survival at all and in this sense is nothing to be compared to minecraft genre. It is a virtual lego constructor with elements of mario 3d combat, exploration, and horrible navigation and controls system (at least on PC).If I was to change anything beside fixing controls and navigation, I would encourage the player to keep exploring in order to build something, for example. spend conis on construction isntead of unlocking blocks. I also was expecting from terrain a little bit more than just collecting the coins and dying in lava. Its beautiful, but absolutely useless."
,Not Recommended,332310,18110246,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Shrek,Lets all thank gaben for steam refunds
76561198139530706,Not Recommended,332310,31253869,Posted: 20 April,all,YellowLetters,Not that amazing
76561198200734799,Not Recommended,332310,16621055,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,zackydackrocks,"I feel like I've been cheated.I've loved legos ever since I was 5 years old and I still do now but when I bought this game I expected to just buy it, and then open it up and play it. Then it said I needed a graphics card to support shader model 3.That really made my excitment go down.Graphics cards on eBay are around $40, and I don't have that kind of money right now. I had to wait the whole day that day waiting for my mom to come home so I could use her credit card to buy the game. So basically I had to wait around 10 hours. When she got home I was so excited to finally play the game after seeing tons of videos of it on youtube, Then it said I needed a graphics card. Basically what I'm trying to say is that I would like my money back from LEGO and Steam."
76561198065384767,Not Recommended,332310,30454406,Posted: 11 March,all,q49er007,Game is too difficult to play for children.
,Recommended,332310,17119241,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,The HopelessGamer™,Its fun its funny its awesome.Good fps.Funny.Entertaining.Awesome characters.Great job to the dev team great game!
76561198030660219,Not Recommended,332310,16211021,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,sortaninja,"Good likelihood of being recommendable in the future, but today, it's not.The worlds are procedurally generated, but they all end up as islands. The draw distance seemed low, so I couldn't tell in-game that there was another island nearby. From the menu where you choose your world, I could see much farther and tell that there was another island I could get to. Frustrating, though, that I can't tell beyond that without exploring oceans -- a painful process when there's no good ways to keep track of distance and such.Run around your island, discover the pre-made features - trees, rock formations, one or two fun unique things here and there. There are various forms of a single baddie that you can easily defeat, some vehicles, some ridable animals, etc.For building, there are a couple things:- building with individual bricks is immediately and unfailingly tedious. It's just like any other game-building tool that lets you put items in 3D space from a 3rd person perspective.- placing pre-designed shapes -- the afore-mentioned trees, rock formations, that you discover, plus some other odds and ends. It's not as painful as placing bricks, but I didn't feel motivated to do more than a couple buildings and plants.Using the vehicles and ridable animals is fun, but it's tricky to get close enough to features to ""discover"" them, and it's tricky to pick up the in-game currency when it drops.Mouse and keyboard worked OK, but I ended up mostly using an Xbox 360 controller. Did not figure out how to cycle the top-left menu with the controller, so had to switch back to mouse each time I wanted to do that. (I may have missed an instruction prompt -- this might just be my fault.)It's open world, but in this early stage it's a littletooopen. There's not enough motivation to keep playing. No multiplayer (yet?), and no real in-game goals/achievements/quests/etc.Many people are comparing the game to Minecraft. Minecraft's first person perspective and 1 meter cubes allowed for much easier building of pretty much any basic idea you have. Building from individual bricks in Lego Worlds is painfully tedious. After placing a couple blocks, I immediately had no interest in trying to hand build any larger structures. It would beveryinteresting to see if a first person perspective mode can make Lego Worlds' building modes less painful.I'm interested in seeing what the game will become, but I'd call this a ""wait and see"" for now."
,Not Recommended,332310,16570136,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,BrutalBa5,"RUN, GET AWAY!! DON'T BE FOOLED!!THIS IS NOTHING LIKE LEGO!!It is also COMPLETELY UNLIKE that mining and crafting game. (Which you'd think would be good, but that game hit all the right marks, while this pile of admittedly pretty poop fails on most counts)THIS ""GAME"" IS BARELY A CREATIVE SANDBOX.DISCOVER-UNLOCK-PURCHASE new vehicles and, yup, PLANTS. WOOHOO, so freaking many types of flower and leafy bush. YAWN!Can I dig/mine? for resources? HELLS NO!!WANNA DIG? FIND THE SPECIFIC VEHICLE THAT DOES THAT, or find a rocket launcher. Then blow a hole in the ground. Guess what? Nothing to see, find, collect. Just a big freaking hole that the water doesn't flow intoDoes it look good? YUP. It really does look nice.Is it easy to use? NOPE!Camera movement is horrendous, it often gets confused between forwards and backwards. Run all around a lovely LEGO landscape (or ride a horse, bear, dragon, car, plane, boat etc.) which you unlock by first finding, then riding in/on, then purchasing for unlock with ""LEGO coins"" that are collected from destroyed objects in the environment.OK, you say, but it's LEGO. Surely I can build amazing stuff?Not really. Sure, you do have a 'brick build' mode but with the clunky controls, immovable camera and SNAP-TO that seems to miss its mark more often than not it's not really that useful.But, surely there are countless LEGO pieces to collect to build better things?Doesn't appear to be. They give you loads of ""BRICKS"" to choose from, but they're all bricklike. There are no computers, seats, steering wheels, doors, windows, wings or any of the bendy, foldy, spinny bits that I personally used ALL THE TIME when I played with LEGO as a child.CAN YOU BUILD VEHICLES?NOI mean really? Give us some wheels, a few jets, anything. As it is, you can't even attach anything to the vehicles they give you, nor can you change their colour, but you can paint the landscape ALL DAY.If you're looking for a pretty game that focuses on broad-stroke landsculpting, you might enjoy this.If you, like myself and, I'm guessing, countless others, want an actual GAME, or to play with LEGO, go somewhere else.HONESTLY."
76561197995988604,Not Recommended,332310,24059116,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Squeaker,Legos Are Fun......  Video Games Are Fun.....   BUT THIS IS AWFUL AND A WASTE OF MONEY!!! 1.5/10
76561198073551488,Not Recommended,332310,30623211,Posted: 19 March,all,P L A N K E D,"I CANT PLAY, whenever I load it up, the screen is just black"
,Not Recommended,332310,23039258,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,BurntBacon,"boring, controls are terrible just a shame something like this came from lego"
,Not Recommended,332310,22031898,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Big Gay Al,Buy it on sale. STILL waiting on multiplayer. LETS get some updates on this WB Games !
,Not Recommended,332310,29849892,Posted: 11 February,all,TinCannEd,"I own & play a lot of games on many fronts, be it PC or Consoles. So to say I have a lot of knowledge in Games & gaming is a fair statement.First off, let me get this out of the way: No. I do not reccommend this Game.Now, I love all the Lego Games & have played most of them on multiple systems (PC & Consoles). If I have to describe this game in 1 word, it would be ""Confusing"". The game plops you in a generated world with no items & doesn't tell you anything on how to get anything.You can get props & Charaters unlocked by running into them & going to locals, but there is no kind of tutorial whatsoever & that is a huge fault.How can this game be anywhere near ready to come out of EA & launch on Steam & Consoles in less than 3 weeks?There is absolutely no direction in this game. It is a glorified lego tech demo. They may add some kind of story to it @ launch, but that doesn't do anything to the fact that there is no Objective or reason for Lego Worlds other than a Cash Grab.If I were to take a group of gamers (Any kind: Casual Hardcore, etc.) & plop them in a world, by themselves, with no items, nothing to do, & no knowledge on how to do anything, I would get a 99% unsatisfactory response from them. This is Lego Worlds. This game needs at least another 6 Months to a Year for it to make a Successful game. Until then, Do Not Buy."
76561198094867934,Not Recommended,332310,16659935,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,The Angry Pacifist,Worst of sandbox and lego games
76561198118399406,Recommended,332310,23595100,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Mr.Meme,it good and all but not what i expected
,Recommended,332310,23553494,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Kingcools,It's more amazing then ever!.
,Recommended,332310,34770129,Posted: 5 September,all,Dr. Pepper Delivery Guy,"The FitnessGram Pacer test is a multi test arobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues.The twenty meter pacer test will begin in 30 seconds, line up at the start, the running speed starts slowly, but gets faster each minute you hear this signal: ♥♥♥♥ing normies, REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE, a single lap should be completed each time your hear this sound: ""Allahu Akbar"", remember to run in a straight line, and run as long as possible. the second time you fail to complete a lap before the sound, your test is over. The test will begin on the word start, get ready: Start. One. Two. Three. Four. Five. Six. Seven. Eight. Nine. Ten. Eleven. Twelve. Thirteen. Fourteen. Fifteen. Two. Sixteen. Seventeen. Eighteen. Nineteen. Twenty. Twenty One. Twenty Two. Twenty Three. Twenty Four. Twenty Five. Twenty Six. Twenty Seven. Twenty Eight. Twenty Nine. Thirty. Thirty One. Thirty Two. Thirty Three. Thirty Four. Thirty Five. Four Thirty Six. Thirty Seven. Thirty Eight. Thirty Nine. Fourty. Fourty One. Fourty Two. Fourty Three. Fourty Four. Fourty Five. Fourty Six. Fourty Seven. Fourty Eight. Fourty Nine. Fifty. Fifty One. Fifty Two. Fifty Three. Fifty Four. Fifty Five. Fifty Six. Fifty Seven. Fifty Eight. Fifty Nine. Sixty. Sixty One. Sixty Two. Sixty Three. Sixty Four. Sixty Five. Sixty Six. Sixty Seven. Sixty Eight. Sixty Nine. Ninety. Ninety One. Ninety Two. Ninety Three. Ninety Four. Ninety Five. Ninety Six. Ninety Seven. Ninety Eight. Ninety Nine. One Hundred. One Hundred and One. One Hundred and Two. One Hundred and Three. One Hundred and Four. One Hundred and Five. One Hundred and Six. One Hundred and Seven. One Hundred and Eight.One Hundred and Nine. One Hundred and Ten. One Hundred and Eleven. One Hundred and Twelve. One Hundred and Thirteen. One Hundred and Fourteen. One Hundred and Fifteen. Two. One Hundred and Sixteen. One Hundred and Seventeen.One Hundred and Eighteen. One Hundred and Nineteen. One Hundred and Twenty.One Hundred and Twenty One. One Hundred and Twenty Two. One Hundred and Twenty Three. One Hundred and Twenty Four. One Hundred and Twenty Five. One Hundred and Twenty Six. One Hundred and Twenty Seven. One Hundred and Twenty Eight. One Hundred and Twenty Nine. One Hundred and Thirty. One Hundred and Thirty One. One Hundred and Thirty Two. One Hundred and Thirty Three. One Hundred and Thirty Four. One Hundred and Thirty Five. One Hundred and Thirty Six. One Hundred and Thirty Seven. One Hundred and Thirty Eight. One Hundred and Thirty Nine. One Hundred and Fourty. One Hundred and Fourty One. One Hundred and Fourty Two. One Hundred and Fourty Three. One Hundred and Fourty Four. One Hundred and Fourty Five. One Hundred and Fourty Six. One Hundred and Fourty Seven.One Hundred and Fourty Eight.One Hundred and Fourty Nine. One Hundred and Fifty."
,Recommended,332310,30383343,Posted: 7 March,all,batmanthegamer67,this game is 100/1000
76561198040525321,Recommended,332310,30388268,Posted: 8 March,all,{?}mike{?},это крутая игра
76561198126406864,Not Recommended,332310,35388508,Posted: 1 October,all,MoogicMaster,"Cool concept, poor execution"
,Not Recommended,332310,23613367,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Elitarform,"Hey, where's my free copy for funding this game early on? I'd love to play MP with my GF."
76561198309251514,Recommended,332310,30435532,Posted: 10 March,all,ddolphin765,ASDSGFDHGJHKJMFHTDTGFHTRDGHhttps://web.roblox.com/home?rbx_source=secco&rbx_medium=cpa&rbx_campaign=268965_fsb6842d410687f7491e9083ec61535aechttps://web.roblox.com/home?rbx_source=secco&rbx_medium=cpa&rbx_campaign=268965_fsb6842d410687f7491e9083ec61535aechttps://web.roblox.com/home?rbx_source=secco&rbx_medium=cpa&rbx_campaign=268965_fsb6842d410687f7491e9083ec61535aechttps://web.roblox.com/home?rbx_source=secco&rbx_medium=cpa&rbx_campaign=268965_fsb6842d410687f7491e9083ec61535aechttps://web.roblox.com/home?rbx_source=secco&rbx_medium=cpa&rbx_campaign=268965_fsb6842d410687f7491e9083ec61535aechttps://web.roblox.com/home?rbx_source=secco&rbx_medium=cpa&rbx_campaign=268965_fsb6842d410687f7491e9083ec61535aechttps://web.roblox.com/home?rbx_source=secco&rbx_medium=cpa&rbx_campaign=268965_fsb6842d410687f7491e9083ec61535aechttps://web.roblox.com/home?rbx_source=secco&rbx_medium=cpa&rbx_campaign=268965_fsb6842d410687f7491e9083ec61535aechttps://web.roblox.com/home?rbx_source=secco&rbx_medium=cpa&rbx_campaign=268965_fsb6842d410687f7491e9083ec61535aechttps://web.roblox.com/home?rbx_source=secco&rbx_medium=cpa&rbx_campaign=268965_fsb6842d410687f7491e9083ec61535aechttps://web.roblox.com/home?rbx_source=secco&rbx_medium=cpa&rbx_campaign=268965_fsb6842d410687f7491e9083ec61535aechttps://web.roblox.com/home?rbx_source=secco&rbx_medium=cpa&rbx_campaign=268965_fsb6842d410687f7491e9083ec61535aechttps://web.roblox.com/home?rbx_source=secco&rbx_medium=cpa&rbx_campaign=268965_fsb6842d410687f7491e9083ec61535aechttps://web.roblox.com/home?rbx_source=secco&rbx_medium=cpa&rbx_campaign=268965_fsb6842d410687f7491e9083ec61535aechttps://web.roblox.com/home?rbx_source=secco&rbx_medium=cpa&rbx_campaign=268965_fsb6842d410687f7491e9083ec61535aechttps://web.roblox.com/home?rbx_source=secco&rbx_medium=cpa&rbx_campaign=268965_fsb6842d410687f7491e9083ec61535aechttps://web.roblox.com/home?rbx_source=secco&rbx_medium=cpa&rbx_campaign=268965_fsb6842d410687f7491e9083ec61535aechttps://web.roblox.com/home?rbx_source=secco&rbx_medium=cpa&rbx_campaign=268965_fsb6842d410687f7491e9083ec61535aechttps://web.roblox.com/home?rbx_source=secco&rbx_medium=cpa&rbx_campaign=268965_fsb6842d410687f7491e9083ec61535aechttps://web.roblox.com/home?rbx_source=secco&rbx_medium=cpa&rbx_campaign=268965_fsb6842d410687f7491e9083ec61535aechttps://web.roblox.com/home?rbx_source=secco&rbx_medium=cpa&rbx_campaign=268965_fsb6842d410687f7491e9083ec61535aechttps://web.roblox.com/home?rbx_source=secco&rbx_medium=cpa&rbx_campaign=268965_fsb6842d410687f7491e9083ec61535aec
,Recommended,332310,18114802,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,BIGBOYHBS,"My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, 'If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately.'. Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- 'Don't ever smoke. Please don't put your family through what your Grandfather put us through."" I agreed. At 28, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because this game gave me cancer anyway."
,Recommended,332310,30590757,Posted: 18 March,all,SinD,Its pretty sh*t and gay and it sucks but its good
,Recommended,332310,24165807,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Cmurk1979,this game is AWSOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!:)
76561198231738716,Recommended,332310,34078298,Posted: 7 August,all,blan,THE  BEST GAME #NOT
,Recommended,332310,31739239,Posted: 13 May,all,Bassamo,As long as the game runs smooth .. You will be happy about it ..thank you LEGO( I will update the review later )
76561198088845893,Not Recommended,332310,25103793,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,SentientStone,This needs first person and a better building system.
76561198284232357,Not Recommended,332310,28698197,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,jordan.lampi,Inferior to minecraft. Horrible user interface. Multiplayer failure!
,Recommended,332310,18052040,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,TheGreenBeagle,THIS GAME  IS THE BEST EVERYBODY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!AND ITS IN EARLY ACCES HOW BETTER CAN IT GET?! '?!!? 🔊🔊🔊🔊
76561198161381346,Not Recommended,332310,31143606,Posted: 14 April,all,HEHRAHA KRITTY KRAT :3,They ruined the game. I completely believe the game was better before. But it's still sorta fun i guess
,Recommended,332310,16219788,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Turtle God,Still Not Enough to Replace Lego UniverseCant you guys just Bring Lego Universe back
76561198087096974,Recommended,332310,28295872,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Gluteus Maximus,"LEGO Trump says he will build a great great LEGO wall, and have LEGO mexico pay for it."
,Not Recommended,332310,33797279,Posted: 25 July,all,Shadowziel,It is awful.
76561198403724394,Not Recommended,332310,33729312,Posted: 22 July,all,MaximumFailure,"Honestly this game is good, but it takes literally a f**king hour to load. Going into the game, going from world to world. It is pretty fun, but i dont have the patience to wait an hour for everything to load. Its not worth 30 dollars for a game thats  more like a patience tutor than a game.I would be happy to delete my review if this is fixed, but for right now, I'm pretty dissapointed."
76561198064694999,Not Recommended,332310,35486217,Posted: 4 October,all,InexactCave8264,"THIS WILL CRASH YOUR PC!THIS WILL CRASH YOUR PC!THIS WILL CRASH YOUR PC!THIS WILL CRASH YOUR PC!THIS WILL CRASH YOUR PC!THIS WILL CRASH YOUR PC!THIS WILL CRASH YOUR PC!THIS WILL CRASH YOUR PC!THIS WILL CRASH YOUR PC!THIS WILL CRASH YOUR PC!THIS WILL CRASH YOUR PC!THIS WILL CRASH YOUR PC!THIS WILL CRASH YOUR PC!THIS WILL CRASH YOUR PC!THIS WILL CRASH YOUR PC!THIS WILL CRASH YOUR PC!THIS WILL CRASH YOUR PC!THIS WILL CRASH YOUR PC!THIS WILL CRASH YOUR PC!THIS WILL CRASH YOUR PC!THIS WILL CRASH YOUR PC!All in all, this game isn't bad, despite the fact that the last time I managed to play it was somewhere in the Spring of 2016."
,Not Recommended,332310,23560561,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,𝕣𝕒𝕜𝕚𝕠𝕟𝟡𝟡,i bought this game 1 year ago and was fun but now they add Multiplayer and give extra FREE copy to new buyers but nothing to people that already have the game 0/10
76561197994405952,Not Recommended,332310,16156700,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,SenatorKelley,"Lego Worlds is in pre-alpha stage so I’ll be comparing it to the game that inspired it. A pre-Alpha state of Minecraft when it was also just creative mode in a web browser. Where water would destroy your homes in a second.Understanding that it’s a very early alpha you still get the general idea of the game. At first I absolutely love how you’re falling out of the sky into your world. However the world isn’t infinite, and it’s oddly shaped circle in a square object world. Upon falling onto the ground you’ll notice the colors are somewhat saturated and not vibrate like you’d expect, little odd but it’s still in development.  You can run around find animals to ride, & randomly dropped vehicles are placed, and you can interact with per-determined pieces or else punch them for coins to purchase prebuilt items. That’s basically part of the survival aspect.The build aspect is where I really have the issue. You can’t build vehicles. I hope this is changed. I don’t want a pre-built car purchased with coins or randomly dropped throughout the world. I want to make my own crazy design. On top of it I want to be able to assign assets to each vehicle. For example A helicopter engine would make your vehicle behave like a helicopter and you can assign multiple aspects to it as well like water floats so it can land on water. This is a must. I also want the vehicle to break apart if it crashes and you have to repair it.  I can see having the coin aspect to buy pre-built buildings and vehicles for kids, however kids are creative and that’s why Minecraft is so popular.So far the direction I see Lego Worlds going is dumbing down the youth, and has zero adult appeal. Kids using Minecraft showed us that they had no issue building their own creations in Minecraft. It was challenging and rewarding, and educational.  They’re already master builders treat them like it Lego.This game needs the following in order for it to succeed, or it will fall short of Minecraft.- First Person mode (you can switch back to 3rd person)- Infinite worlds (it can be done)- Vehicle designer with engine and featured assets that effect the vehicles behavior.- Multiplayer (this was in the very early stages of Minecraft, do it.)- remove pre-built buildings/vehicles (kids are more creative than you think!)- The ability to buy your vehicle or small buildings and build them with real Lego’s.- Survival mode: Pick up pieces and place them in an inventory for building. Not coins- Creative mode option is okay but separate game like Minecraft.- Ability to make flowing waterOverlooking controls, graphics, and a polished interfaces and just basing this review only on the gameplay which it’s trying to mimic.  I can’t recommend this yet."
76561198182488761,Not Recommended,332310,23619273,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,★LBGtheredpanda★,where do u getthe god damn copy for a freind
,Recommended,332310,30400543,Posted: 8 March,all,joels,fun.
76561198225566116,Not Recommended,332310,30394325,Posted: 8 March,all,Plush,the old was good THEN IT TAKES ME 4 HOURS JUST TO open 1 chest because of how its on the bottem of the very right corner is where it says e and then it takes me forever to open it its bad
76561198070011691,Not Recommended,332310,16181795,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Kidde13,"Right now, Its a total DONT BUY, although keep in mind its only early acces.The main gimmick of the game is to build stuff, thats why i bought it atleast, and its god awful (Edit: after 13 hours of trying to build stuff i got somewhat used to the builing system, it still suck but it doesnt seem impossible anymore), precision you can forget. Atop of that, alot of bricks are missing, you cant place decoration anywhere you want. I have now started to somewhat understand the building mechanics and built myself a lovely house that i wanted to copy and save, but there is a limited size on think you can save now i have 3 seperate save files for 1 building that dont want to match together when im trying to place them again. And you cant delete saved creations, i have alot of trial and error saved creations that i want to delete.Apart from that it was fun in the beginning to go around and collecting stuff but it gets boring fast and there is nothing left to do, controls are alittle wonky but its nothing major. the most positive of all is the god damn details, it blew my mind, the first time i dug a hole in the ground, the whole world is made of mostly 1x1 flat bricks, its awesomely detailed. But again the reason i bought the game is to build and i cant right now its too awful. Again, again, Its early acces, i will keep updating if some complaints has been dealt with.Keep it up developers i love your other games, i have no doubt you will make me satisfied."
76561198011732942,Not Recommended,332310,16208762,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,WarWise,"Early Acess review: 05/06/15. There is potential here, but out of the three possible gameplay mechanics this game offers right now: survival, building and exploration, none is good enough for you to buy.Survival is almost non-existant, and the game is extremely easy. Considering the game may be aimed to kids and family play, we may never get something survival worth. About the building, there are still a lot of blocks missing right now, and you cant even build a house due to lack of special blocks. Also, you cant build vehicles, and devs hinted that vehicle building could not be featured.About the exploration, so far it is its best feature. The world is interesting and beautifull enough, but things get old quite easily, specially since its so easy and fast to go anywere. Also, what good it is to travel when you cant go back home? There is no map that I know off and no easy way to return to a place you have designated as a base.There is a lot of potential now, but not enough content to get this now. Also, considering this will probabily be a console and pc game aimed at kids, we may never see more survival content, and the building aspect is way too early to use properly.Wait for a few months. I regret buying it right now, I hope it improves."
,Not Recommended,332310,31282545,Posted: 21 April,all,Killer_A,don't expect much from it it is horrible
76561198165464568,Not Recommended,332310,16194565,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,TacticalPanda,"It wont let me save my game everytime i click into a world and touch the ground it always comes up with ""save game"" and i cant move my mouse or save WTF is happening? i want it fixed"
,Not Recommended,332310,30793959,Posted: 28 March,all,ludvigw,I did not like this game. It was too boring
76561198200103350,Not Recommended,332310,31944885,Posted: 24 May,all,moomoobeef,"I HATE THIS GAME, ITS FINICKY AS HELL, ITS GLITCHY, I HAD TO START ALL OVER ON MUILTIPLE BUILDS MUILTIPLE TIMES AND I BROKE MY MOUSE OUT OF RAGE FROM THIS DAMN GAME 0/100 WOULD NOT COEXIST IN THE SAME REALITY"
,Not Recommended,332310,31618475,Posted: 7 May,all,tysonp,Disapointing.  Not anything like what I expected.
76561198089314630,Not Recommended,332310,16280401,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Solaires,"The games new so it's still a work in progress. It could have potential but for now I wouldn't recommend it. Building things without a flat surface is rather tedious, the controls follow the camera and in which the camera itself is lacking in control. There is a very limited amount of what you can do at the moment asides collect a few objects and characters and for the moment it isn't optomised. Essentially for the stage it's at it meets it's standards if they keep building and adding to this world and possibly creating an objective mode with multiplayer aspects as well as a fix to the controls could create a much more exciting environment. For now I will have to leave it with a negative as in this stage of the game i don't recommend it."
76561198033247582,Not Recommended,332310,16147415,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Netrunner,"Thought this would be comparible to Minecraft but on a much greater scale since it's lego.  Sadly I was disappointed.   While the game has 'potential', right now it's just too new, clunky and overall not very fun.   The build interface just doesn't feel right and after 10-20 minutes of general exploring I deleted it,  it simply wasnt fun.   Maybe I'll take another look in a couple years but the way the game is now,  I'll pass......"
76561198273519569,Not Recommended,332310,30414942,Posted: 9 March,all,ironmanxiv,this game sucks if you had early acces it deleted all your progress
,Recommended,332310,23845866,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,KrazyMinkler,that's funny
76561198010133317,Not Recommended,332310,30453760,Posted: 11 March,all,mR.Flamer,"Kinda expected this to be an mmo style minecraft experience in the lego universe, but ends up being a super boring brick collection game."
76561198207387244,Not Recommended,332310,16266949,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,genji (aka Sparrow),keeps crashing fix it please i got the bazoka and it crashes before i can use it plz i will  rate five and recomend if you do!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198200985501,Not Recommended,332310,16327784,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,maurinestela,"ESTE JUEGO FUE EL REGALO QUE MI HIJA ME PIDIO POR HABER APROBADO SU TERCER GRADO EN LA ESCUELA Y DESDE AYER  TRATAMOS DE INSTALAR EL JUEGO Y MI HIJA NO HA PODIDO JUGAR , PORQUE SALE UN CUADRO QUE DICE QUE NECESITO GRAPHICS CARD SUPPORTS SHADER MODEL3 .PODRIA AYUDARME? MI COMPU ES WINDOW7 Y MI LAPTOP WINDOW VISTA QUE HACER?.GRACIAS"
,Not Recommended,332310,16504047,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Exenaroth11,"So Hitler came down and said, let there be building, and then Cancer was like, Ayy lmao they don't need to gather anything or craft... 10/10 worst game OCE."
76561198177426365,Recommended,332310,30412075,Posted: 9 March,all,ArvidGaming Hellcase.com,THIS GAME IS AWSOME SOMTIMES I ARE DOING FUN THINGS:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D
76561198269647433,Not Recommended,332310,27312950,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,R'lyeh,wont ♥♥♥♥ing work what a pice of♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,332310,31616982,Posted: 7 May,all,plaztic.dagger,"Bought the game, tried everything I found online to get it to run. Never happened. Got a refund. :("
76561198118054567,Not Recommended,332310,31881770,Posted: 21 May,all,CM,When ever i try to play lego worlds i cant move and its no fun it sucks trust me
76561198077721610,Not Recommended,332310,31069047,Posted: 10 April,all,Lightning Blaze,"Bought this game during Early Access, recently saw this special early access ""reward"" in the DLC box and was thinking it would be something cool. Turned out to be just a single hat, with the devs logo on it. 0/10 ♥♥♥♥♥iest reward i've ever seen. Unless there is more to it later in the game in which case, it had better be good."
76561198115863518,Not Recommended,332310,25701321,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,ProBro,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, the controls are the worst crap in this dumb game, and you can't even change them.And whoever created the textures for this game either dosen't have good taste, or can't see at all ,because all the frickin lego bricks look nasty as crap, the game dosen't even have a title screen yet, it just had a play button.Or should I say it has a start world button."
,Not Recommended,332310,30246938,Posted: 28 February,all,LalleDK ☢,"Dont, just dont..."
,Recommended,332310,30372334,Posted: 7 March,all,Aiden_079,It`s good.you should try it!
76561198171100431,Recommended,332310,18063557,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Beastly,howo do i do a giveaway
76561198206943279,Not Recommended,332310,29446357,Posted: 23 January,all,☣bob☣,Its so bad dont waste your money
,Not Recommended,332310,31007392,Posted: 7 April,all,Code911,dont get it it reset evrey thing now i need to restart oh and thax for makeing me and all my friends deleat it
76561198116451075,Not Recommended,332310,33933396,Posted: 31 July,all,damondoherty37,I GOT THIS IN EARLIE ACCESS JUST LIKE TO SAY LOVED WHAT THEY INTENDED TO DO JUST STARTED THE GAME AGAIN BEEN PLAYING FIVE MINITES AND RELISED THERE IS A FEW BUGS STILL I CANT SEE MY INVENTORY AND ALSO ANYTHING I SCAN I CANT SEE THIS GAME HAS LOST ME AND I WOULD SAY NOT TO GET THIS
,Not Recommended,332310,16242637,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Mikkel Rossen,"Well, this feedback is neutral, but i had to choose one. don't get me wrong this game has an amazing potential, and i'm sure that in it's finished state it is gonna be amazing, in it's current state however, i find it a bit boring, and that its only singleplayer doesn't help.. also i've discovered some bugs, but hey, that is only to be expected in early access, but in the end, i find that the game is worth waiting for, but maybe not worth buying in it's current state"
,Not Recommended,332310,16159301,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,The Kramer,"Tried this for an hour or so, intial thoughts are negative.The camera is super frustrating.During build modes the character just gets in the way.The UI is really difficult to use; all of the menu items are hidden behind a carousel, which just makes it super awkward to do anything.Also some shadows between the blocks would be useful as it is pretty hard to see depth of blocks atm."
,Not Recommended,332310,16198763,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,PrimeBot,"First off, this game has amazing visuals and has an absolutely amazing lego landscape. And i do enjoy this game, i just have some complaints to note before it comes out of early access.The building is off and im always struggling to place bricks. You can never get the right angle and its just awkward at most. You get individual bricks to use but they take so long to build with that it isnt even worth it. You can place  multiple bricks at once but there is only cube shape and sphere shape, and you cant change the size. There is also no way to be accurate with placing. The landscape editing is good though, and i enjoyed altering my surroundings. but why build when the game gives you no motivation to do so? There is nothing to protect yourself against, There are no penaltys for anything you do.The game makes you explare ALOT, but there is nothing else you can do except that. And what happens when you have already seen all that you want to see? I only played this game for 2 hours and i saw everything. All there is to do is look around and mess with items.The reason the game makes you explore alot is so you can collect all of the items from the multiple biomes, i do actually like this mechanic though, it was fun to explore while it lasted, and even though i didnt use the items it was fun to get them.The Characters I collected fun to use because they give you different abilitys, like as the vampire you can turn into a bat, or as the wizard you can shoot fireballs. I enjoyed unlocking all of the animals and vehicles too, i used these alot. I used them to get around, blow things up, and just have fun in general. But the placeable items i got, i never used because the game gave me no reason to.The camera is also really weird and is not fit for building or moving around. you have to hold right click whenever you want to move the camera on your own, otherwise, it just stays in this one position behind you, that does not work well in a game where looking around is all you do.The game is cool in the concept where you can enter in coordinates and pick the world that you want, this also means that you will be able to get the same word as one of your friends. Or you can just press random until you find a world that looks nice. I actually liked this part.My final verdict is that this game is a great concept, but it definitely needs editing, and is just not worth your money at this early stage. Maybe when this game gets out of early access it will get better."
,Not Recommended,332310,16244819,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Cat3,"Meh, nothing special right now. Still not worth the 15€. Funny, but compared to other genre games, it's like a ''demo'', for the price of a full game of the kind."
76561198012732445,Not Recommended,332310,16240018,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Yetica,"I bought this game because on first sigh it seemed awesome. Now i regret it :(It was nothing i imagined. I spend 1,4h exploring..and find this game boring.This game is not for everyone. There is no challange, no quest. All you do is run around and collect, build.I will stay with Minecraft."
76561198182083673,Not Recommended,332310,16469886,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,piscespro,"I understand that as a Lego enthusist that these Lego games should be easy for kids. But to relate this to MINECRAFT is a JOKE. The is no imagination, you bust up things to get coin then buy pre-made objects. In my opinion if your going to make a game to compete with MINECRAFT at least make it like MINECRAFT, I want a pick, shovel, and a means to build my own stuff.NOTHING LIKE MINECRAFT!Update: It has been a year and the game has not improved much. The NPC interactions lack quest instructions. The building concept is poorly designed and the general dynamics of the game still lacks a purpose to play. Maybe a year from now it will be better."
,Not Recommended,332310,16372656,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,OzLefty76,I'll review it when they implement an invert-Y option. The absence of one in a modern 3D game is unforgivable.
76561198170134689,Not Recommended,332310,16146469,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Rman,wont launch what should i do
,Not Recommended,332310,16181153,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Bushpig2dope,How is this even compared to Minecraft? Its not even survival. Game has potential but don't buy it yet.
,Not Recommended,332310,16142282,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,RennZen,"A game that offers promise but one that I don't recommend right now as the game suffers from some bad design decisions and  is too early even for an early access game.PROS:1)They capture the lego ""feel"" and atmosphere extremely well, it feels like you are in a lego world and the world generation with the lego aesthetic is amazing. The graphics are great and serve the game well.CONS:1) The building is too cumbersome and hard / complicated; it will take you a very long time to build even a simple structure.2) Beyond building structures, the game offers very little in terms of gameplay and it will last you about 1-2 hours before you have nothing to do.The combat in the game has no depth and is too simplistic. I cannot even aim the bazooka, it always fires in a straight line when its not auto-locked onto something. There is no aiming like in a third or first person game, it is all lock on with the same simple attack(s) over and over again. Hold down f, target a skeleton, boom it's dead (bazooka). Rinse and repeat. The selection of weapons is extremely limited. The enemies are no challenge at all and serve as nothing but fodder.3) The performance seems to get worse the further out you travel quickly becoming unplayable.Edit: Some fools have stated that this is all ok because it is a kids game. Do you think only children like lego? Also do you really think any kids like or especially prefer this sort of combat to something else? I mean minecraft has better combat for crying out loud. Talk about clueless.The simple fact is they can make the games combat more appealing to both kids and adults and it's a ""kids"" game isn't an excuse for lazy and extremely boring combat."
76561197971855705,Not Recommended,332310,16201257,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Goretician,"Stupid ""The Know"" on Youtube tag lined this as a Minecraft killer, I was so ♥♥♥♥ing stupid to but it right away, I bought Minecraft in beta, don't buy this game until they update it more.So disappointed"
,Not Recommended,332310,16221553,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,VitoScaletta,"I do not recommend this game, it is  not what you expect it to be."
76561198052128396,Not Recommended,332310,16185635,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,jeremyvriedl,"Don't get me wrong, this game has tons of potential and could be a very promising experience.  What i have been able to experience so far looks good and I'm sure will only improve as time goes on.Unfortunately, unless your machine meets or exceed the recommended requirements this game will constantly lag and stutter, making it basically impossible to enjoy.   My processor, i'll admit, is closer to the minimum requirements:  core 2 duo E8400 3.0 Ghz, 8 GB Ram, Geforece 5500Ti 1Gb.  The rest of my specs are well beyond what is required and even at the lowest possible settings i still get the pop up message that: ""the game is struggling and i need to lower the settings to fix the problem"".The recommended requirements probably ought to be the minimum requirements on this one.   Unless they optimize the gameplay i am going to give it a thumbs down.  Don't lowball the computer requirements to sell more copies of your game."
76561198060880822,Not Recommended,332310,31650412,Posted: 9 May,all,supercraniu,Really full of BUGS!
,Not Recommended,332310,16165332,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,VGC-60L,"nothing to do, nothing at allit's like starbound that lags"
76561198085425653,Not Recommended,332310,16399019,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Capitansnips,dont get it until some bug are fixed the game just crashes
,Not Recommended,332310,16406372,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,AnInsaneEmu,I bought this thinking i was getting a very cool lego sandbox game... I ended up with a very laggy game that I got bored with in 3 hours.
,Not Recommended,332310,16416297,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Symmetra Aim Hacks Activated,its a bit boring but thats my opinion
76561198014984792,Not Recommended,332310,16301547,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,The Great and Mighty Neb,To early to tell whether this will be a winning.
,Recommended,332310,23592880,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,jrw449,Fantastic Game._10/10 IGN |  (+)  || IGN  |
,Not Recommended,332310,16222545,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Some guy's Username,"I dont care for it,  If you like building with legos in real life get it but if you dont really like to build with legos dont get it"
,Not Recommended,332310,16230869,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,AsA,Steam started offering refunds just in time. I got one for this game. I didn't find it very entertaining.
76561198119469932,Not Recommended,332310,16158837,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,meme,"The black screen shot down has made it impossible to even get to the menu, I've tried all the steps and it's still not working. Still really want to play this game but all I can see currently is a black screen and 12 pounds down the drain. I hope they update soon, or I'm getting a refund. ( early access for you huh )"
,Not Recommended,332310,22732756,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Ones_and_Zer0s,Peice of aboslute ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ The game ♥♥♥♥ing freezes everytime i load a world. Never buy this unoptimized peice of crap
76561198010364326,Not Recommended,332310,23441357,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,andrewjm222,"Was told multiplayer, *looks at watch* still no multiplayer"
76561198136614212,Not Recommended,332310,16257699,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Busty Equestrian 27,I got the game knowing there would be bugs and i got about 3 minutes gameplay before the game shut its self down. I tried to load it up again and only got as far as the main menu. I have clicked no to if i would recommend the game but that only because of the whole shutting down thing and I hope the problem will be fixed sooner rather than later. Other than that what i did manage to play was freaking awesome!!!
76561198023227354,Not Recommended,332310,16155178,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,MARXISDANKAF,"I don't get it.. Seems like just a worse Cubeworld, which I wouldn't have guessed possible. Almost instantaneous regret over buying this."
,Not Recommended,332310,16186964,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,morkhist,"I really don't understand how someone can consider this game good.If you ever played some sandbox game such as Terraria or Minecraft, you know that these kind of games consist in grinding what you need to build what you want.Once you finish your resources you have to grind them again, in order to survive.In LEGO Worlds (from now on LW) you have only to discover some ""recipes"" and then you can litterally make them infinite times.And that's boring.Another things that limit this game is the absolute absence of some underground level, you can dig as you want but nothing such as a secret cavern os something similar will appear.There is absolutely nothing very intresting to discover or that will make this game a challenge, no achievements, no purpose.Oh, and you start with godly lego powers, so if you want to fill your island with red LEGO briks, for example, you can do that without problem...If you try to die... nothing really happens.There are also some tecnical issues.-controls are ridicoulus, really...-inexistent physics, wather that explode and... you can ""dig""...-a lot of bugs-Framerates and struggling problems, and i'm playing on a pc with a gtx 780 and a i5-3570k..."
76561198197952437,Recommended,332310,35315228,Posted: 29 September,all,IISFOONY,good game
,Not Recommended,332310,30396730,Posted: 8 March,all,Apeiron,"Still can't launch the game, it keeps closing after launching!"
,Not Recommended,332310,16223436,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,MispelledRebel,"This game was fun for all of about 20 minutes. However, beyond just running around and finding new things there really isn't much to this game. I am honestly really disappointing with how this game turned out.Pros:-LEGO is fun-A lot to explore-fun to ride different animals and vehiclesCons:-No real point to actions-easy to get bored just running around and finding things-controls are just uncomfortable and weird-camera angle has a hard time moving especially when underground-runs horribly on higher settingsNow i know that last one will make some of you jump out of your seat and say my pc sucks so here:32 GB DDR3GTX 970Asus Maximus VII Heroi4790kWindows 8"
,Not Recommended,332310,31067168,Posted: 10 April,all,Sackbot bbq,Go play Minecraft.
76561198082155105,Not Recommended,332310,16405344,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,o145,lego worlds is not polilshe
76561198192065557,Not Recommended,332310,31296202,Posted: 22 April,all,a$ap,Just don't ♥♥♥♥ing buy this game.... just don't. I have no clue to why I bought it......
76561198016769450,Recommended,332310,23591706,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,NikosK007gr,VERY NICE
76561198180049323,Not Recommended,332310,16146427,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,alqute,Win 8.1 中文版无法运行
76561198278983118,Recommended,332310,30399192,Posted: 8 March,all,latifhiba,6/10 Story4/10 build mode8/10 ETCFinal Grade 8/10other: BUGS
76561198084141890,Not Recommended,332310,16214703,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,qmagnet,"EARLY ACCESS REVIEW---------------------------Pros:- It's almost 100% LEGO (instead of typical CG non-LEGO backgrounds/structures)- Lots of stuff to find- HUGE world- Great character customizationCons:- Build mode absolutely sucks- It's boring- It's pointless- Camera is wonky at times- Game is full-screen only- It's nothing like MinecraftI love LEGO and I love Minecraft and I have enjoyed almost all the TT LEGO games.Having said that, don't expect this to be Minecraft with LEGO blocks. This game is not at all like Minecraft (in a bad way).SUMMARYIt's mostly an exploration game. You walk across a seemingly pointless world, and find different objects, gain coins in the form of studs, come across characters that do nothing except give you extra clothing if you purchase them, and punch skeletons.BUILD-MODEThe main selling feature for playing an open-world LEGO game would be the building. And in LEGO Worlds, building is awkard, pointless and ultimately boring. Structures, like houses can be found, gained into your purchase menu, selected and placed into your world. But the structure is automatically formed from an in-game animation, not built brick by brick as the trailer would have you believe. Once you place it, there's no real value to even having the house. It doesn't gain you anything, except a few new items like a car or swimming pool. But because you didn't build it room by room, you don't have any attachment to your structure so you just leave it there and move on to uncover more stuff.Actually, you can technically place blocks and colour them, but it feels more like using a paintbrush than that feeling of building a LEGO house, that Minecraft does so well. So yes, you can build things brick by brick, but the game pulls you out of the regular ""adventure"" mode and puts you in an awkard photoshop-esq mode.DESIGNThe detail is fairly nice for a LEGO game. Objects merge together frequently, which can unfortunately strain the visuals. The camera spins out of control at times. And there's a bizarre cinematic freeze-gameplay shot when you find a new character. There are also some areas where there simply isn't any LEGO, as if you're walking on unfinished ground.THE PROBLEMSThe biggest problem with LEGO Worlds, apart from its terrible build mode, is there's no real reason to build anything. You have no use for farming since there's no hunger. You don't need to make weapons since there's no threat. You have no use to make mechanisms, because you can just buy a pre-built car or bike or whatever. Money is WAY too easy to get. And there's no real value in anything you find because the only fun is finding the stuff in the first place.There are no objectives. Granted, this being an Early Access game, TT is sure to add objectives. But no objective I can think of, would make the gameplay worthwhile. And because the building simply isn't fun or meaningful, I can't recommend picking this game up."
,Not Recommended,332310,16215098,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,LoJack,"PROS: Great looking game, with nice animations. Quite well optimized.CONS: Creative tools are a little clumsy meaning building is a little more frustrating than it needs to be, as for gameplay mechanics there isn't much there. The enemies are easily killed and don't really interact with the world so you don't have a survival feel that a game like Minecraft has.I bought this as many websites boast it to be the next MC, but I ditched it after 2 hours and got a refund. Once it is out of Early Access these issues will have likely been fixed however I feel like this game will have a ton of DLC (in the form of Lego Sets) which will mean it won't be a fully satysfying experience without dropping cash. The same thing is bound to have an effect on the planned multiplayer once lots of different gamers own different sets."
,Not Recommended,332310,16226828,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Ruby,"This game is lacking, and I have a hard time expecting it to catch up by release.Survival: Well, there really is absolutely none, there will be eventually, but, I can not see it becoming anything enjoyable without a different approach.Building: If you enjoyed building with functionless multicolored blocks like other famous games, then this might be for you!, Unless you wish to, you know, use any non-block lego piece, then... well, too bad, any slightly complex creation is impossible. You can not make any vehicles in addition to thisSo, it sucks on building, and survival, so, what is there? A long list of developer created pieces, props, creatures, and vehicles, randomly littered around the landscape with very little rhyme or reason. (however I expect this to change by release, to become something a bit more structured)- - - - -Noting this is Early Access, These issues could and can be resolved by release, but, in its current state, I can not recommend this game with the expectation of these issues being resolved for release"
,Not Recommended,332310,25189481,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,blkpbst92,"The camera sucks, not fun at all. Just play minecraft."
,Not Recommended,332310,30688409,Posted: 23 March,all,kyle,they ♥♥♥♥ed it up after alpha ggi want my money back noop
76561198036405565,Not Recommended,332310,30769798,Posted: 27 March,all,Lunavie,Whoever made this game get ♥♥♥♥ed the controls are worse than hangover♥♥♥♥♥♥aids at least make a tutorial if you are not going to follow basic mmo commands interface is ♥♥♥♥ed and I tried to kill myslef at least 2 times in the first half hour of playing this game
76561198132857653,Not Recommended,332310,26136235,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Recover,Freezes to a black screen hourly. I'd uninstall if I could find the exe
76561198139403118,Not Recommended,332310,28851494,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,SKYLORD2209,refun
,Not Recommended,332310,28843279,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Unhooked,is♥♥♥♥♥hole
76561198214965175,Recommended,332310,24029765,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Guddy,GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG GG
76561198198694089,Not Recommended,332310,32546443,Posted: 18 June,all,XVII century plague doctor,"Uhhmmmmm, too expensive for what it actually has."
,Not Recommended,332310,35044941,Posted: 18 September,all,SlaterDies,Bring us Dimensions... this is a pile.
76561198032163872,Not Recommended,332310,34841578,Posted: 9 September,all,spookey99201,"I would have liked to recommend this game, but sadley I can't.The resions for this are meny, The first one being that this game has changed so much snece Early Access it went from being a wide open sandbox experence to being one of unlocks for everything.The next problem I had was the in-game tools as thay ""like most of the controls in this game"" are slow laggey and just unrespondive. This was espechly ture for the land vehicles which because of the ruggud maps were jast a pontless wast of time anyway.However the single bigest reson for the bad review is 'and pay attention here' is that IM A PC GAMER and this is now a MULIPLATNOOOOO :(  you see whenever a game is released for multiple platforms the console is always favered over the pc.sad just so sad :("
,Not Recommended,332310,16159738,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,"Horrace, The Jiggity General","It's not ready to be played. I feel like this game was released extremely early. Despite how it looks, there is nothing to do but build and roam. I got bored of building and roaming after about 1 and a half hours. I would not reccomend this game unless you are a lego fanatic who loves to build things."
76561197981904472,Not Recommended,332310,16215710,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,RYYX,"In it's current form, I just don't see the point.  Granted, I'm not a huge fan of Minecraft, but I DO love legos, and making things in the digital designer and IRL.  Falling into a random island of legoland at first sounded like fun, and for a few minutes the colorful graphics and ease of running around punching things was enjoyable... then I found a horse, rode it to a motorcycle, rode that to a jeep... rode all around collecting coins and smashing things... tried building a few basic structures... and within about 10 minutes I figured out that this game was not for me.I simply don't get it.  Maybe I'm too old, or maybe the game is just a shiny turd, an attempt at cashing in on the minecraft genre with a failed MMO concept...I get it.  It's early release, it's not finished. It's only 15$.But it was also my first Steam Refund.Go figure.Anyway, maybe I'll check it out again in a year and see if there is a game here or not."
,Not Recommended,332310,16480789,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,djmastaman,Though while the game is decent at first there is little content and not worth 15 dollars it is extremly boring after like 15 mins so wait for a price drop because there is little content boring gameplay and making a town with 5 little houses makes the game struggle there is no real fun in it and i doubt future updates will help this is NOTHING like minecraft and is over hyped and there is defenitly no survival based theme i have more fun playing with normal legos and id rather pick death by taylor swifts crap music than play this game true story i also spent almost eight hours looking for any new content and gave up im pretty sure i found every thing so i than remembered i can have more of an adventure with normal legos so i actually did and realized i was right after like 5 mins of sitting on my floor and testing my theory so it is a 1\10
76561198199545498,Not Recommended,332310,16165148,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Broken Crayon,crashes
,Not Recommended,332310,16180824,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Auzzie Bloke,why steam why
,Not Recommended,332310,16209851,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Santa,Not really worth the money .. Not yet atleast ..
,Not Recommended,332310,16205772,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Ewan,"Janky building tools, very little content, no survival mode or challenging gameplay. This is an obvious cash grab that didn't need to be early access and will never catch up to minecraft anyway. Good day sir!"
76561198021482048,Not Recommended,332310,16177289,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,forcemaster2000,"Played for 14 minutes...I've already requested a refund from Steam! This doesn't play anything like minecraft in my opinion. Where Minecraft is simple and intuitive, this game has complex, hard to control actions to do any building. The only way my experience could have been worse would be if you could step barefoot on these virtual lego bricks!"
,Not Recommended,332310,23589532,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,ADo0M,"Its was bad, it is still bad, and it may always be bad."
76561198298921123,Not Recommended,332310,27924436,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SnowyArcticWolf,"This game is not a multiplayer game like it is advertised. I sent in a complaint and it took an entire month with no success on fixing the problem. I asked for a refund and they said they won't refund me the money because it is past the 2 weeks, but that's not my fault it was taking them soooo long to try to fix it. I think it is very unfair to not refund someone their money when they can clearly see I haven't played much at all and the time I used was trying to get it to work, but even then it was less than 2 hours of gameplay. It is also false advertising on their part. I am reporting it."
,Not Recommended,332310,16165788,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,theatracor,"not playable for me, crashes while exploring the world :/"
76561198095040083,Not Recommended,332310,16146989,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Nippled Walrus,"I cant even play it i tried to uninstall but says its running and says nothing in taskmanager, really starting to♥♥♥♥♥♥me off now."
,Recommended,332310,30392475,Posted: 8 March,all,LemoNSour,So coooool
,Not Recommended,332310,16300567,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Detach,"TL;DR: I cannot recommend this game considering the amount of bugs and just how unpleasant it is to use the movement system and camera.  If you are thinking about buying this game just to build with legos, stick with the real thing. ;)Full Review -I came into this game with a decently open mind expecting it to be somewhat like Minecraft with the building system.  Surprisingly, it wasn't at all like Minecraft which I was perfectly fine with.  The building system altogether is alright and you can get stuff done in a decent amount of time.  However, I was very disappointed with the fact that there's no true goal of the game rather than ""catch them all"".  I would rather this game put in some sort of difficult activity that you can do either by yourself or with friends (which would require multiplayer), rather than having the only difficult part of the game be using the camera.Pros -+Nice building system+Contains every LEGO block you can think of+Very nice terrain generation+Great amount of biomes+All around good-looking graphics+Nice use for studs+Controller Support+Very Kid FriendlyCons --No multiplayer (as of now)-No tough goal or achievement to work towards in the game-Terrible camera movement-Camera is so up close to my character/vehicle that I can barely see what's around me-Cutscenes when you unlock something new are very bugged and half of the time you are looking at a wall or inside of the ground-Hard to navigate and use menus-No way to find your way back to your creations if you leave the area and forget how to get back-Random FPS Drops-Many graphical screw-ups such as a wizard hat poking through the glass of a small submarine.-No Steam Workshop (I feel as if the community could do VERY creative things with this game)Reminder: A lot of these cons could change very quickly.  I will change my post as things progress in the game and I will continue to play it every patch to change my review.  As of now, I give this game a 6/10 because there is room for LOTS of improvement."
,Not Recommended,332310,16649520,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Nugget tenders,"Boring, bad camera, Not fun, look slike crap."
76561198079277272,Not Recommended,332310,16207587,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Keasty,Gets to boring
76561198012244156,Not Recommended,332310,16236521,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Livin' Devito Loca,if this was out before minecraft or terraria or any other blocky game i feel i would have been amazed! but i'm just not satisfied because i have seen this type of game many times before and there is nothing new.
76561198224637428,Not Recommended,332310,16178136,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,_Night_Raider_,it sucks do not get it wast of money
,Recommended,332310,30405360,Posted: 9 March,all,GamerXP,The Lego version of No Man's Sky but waaaaay better!
,Not Recommended,332310,17815997,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,james.franco,Doesn't have jiggle phsyics on the boobs. 0/10
,Not Recommended,332310,16296734,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,TheRTist,"Let me start this by saying: I want this to be a good game. I really do. I've always loved legos. Which is why it hurts me to say this: In the state it's in, it's bad. Here are my complaints. The sound of discovering something, whenever you discover something you will have a sound effect play. Every. Single. Time. I've only played 30 minutes or so and I wouldn't play the game without sound now, the sound is just really annoying to me. (Maybe not to others but it's the same thing repeated over an' over.) My next topic is the driving. While the controls are just ""okay"" the camera you have while driving is aweful. The camera bounces around like the shake cams in the Hunger Games movies. It only is relieved if the platform your driving on is a COMPLETELY flat surface. While this shakiness could be ""okay"" I guess for a normal car in the city, it shouldn't be this way on a hilly surface in an all terrain vehicle. That brings me to my last topic: the camera, I could suck it up with everything else on this list, BUT, this one thing alone is what made me want to return the game after 30 minutes. The camera likes to zoom ALLLLLLLLLL the way into the mountain if im climbing up a hill! It will fly inside a hill/ mountain and remain there with the blocks kinda translucent but looking at nothing except the ground. The camera gave me a headache very quickly. I couldnt go up hills or it would fly into it. The only remedy if found was walking up hills and mountains but that still has the camera zoom in VERY far. It goes to where you're watching your little lego feet moving. It drove me nuts and I find it unacceptable that no one noticed this before releasing as a beta when it's such a simple task to do.To recap what I think are the major flaws:1. Lack of creating custom vehicles.2. Annoying sound effects/ effects of discovering something.3. The Vehicles' cameras being overly shaking. (and nauseating)4. The camera struggling to follow the most basic movements.Where the game sits. I give it a 3/10. Don't spend you're money right now, your head will thank you later."
,Not Recommended,332310,16316360,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Crunchy,pretty boring without multiplayer
76561198201113186,Not Recommended,332310,16331044,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,terri_wtts,Having problems playing the game just after sky diving then the screen freezes????? Very disappointed! Please advise...........
,Recommended,332310,30531829,Posted: 15 March,all,Bruce654,5rdyyfjtdjutfjgfdsth766e75e6fhdryehwrtdhgdhis my review.
76561198002296132,Not Recommended,332310,16361448,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Jamiesdomain,The game is crap and a very long way from being ready. Full of bugs... TOTAL CRAP
76561198075903604,Not Recommended,332310,16199017,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Uh Uh Siol,♥♥♥♥ THIS ♥♥♥♥♥♥ GAME AND ITS ♥♥♥♥♥♥ CONTROLS. BIG WASTE OF MONEY. ♥♥♥♥ THIS.
,Not Recommended,332310,16301367,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,MisterPister,Too early -
76561198014071350,Not Recommended,332310,16263843,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Synchronix,"good engine in progress, but nothing really to do, bad optimization, and awkward camera and block placement."
,Not Recommended,332310,28302280,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,georgewilliamlogan890,can i get my money back
76561198200254117,Not Recommended,332310,33733061,Posted: 22 July,all,Dhjoba,One of the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games i have ever played
76561198357915753,Not Recommended,332310,31199538,Posted: 17 April,all,dr. weedington,♥♥♥♥ this game and give me my money back
,Not Recommended,332310,30938455,Posted: 4 April,all,☆VG☆ Gentlemen,"Kinda a bad game for me. I don't really like it, I mean I just have no fun with the game."
76561198169893443,Recommended,332310,28060322,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Xander Cruz,...
76561198002745943,Not Recommended,332310,16285639,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,NF_Spasp,"Early Access Review!Well, we just have to compare it to Minecraft, don't we? Also bear with me that It's a tiny review based on a small amount of playtime.This is basically Minecrafts creative mode, but in LEGO and with more options. They way you build is simply by navigating a menu and place down objects, blocks, creatures, vehicles or terrain manipulation. And you unlock more blocks and stuff by finding them in the world and in treasure chests. Which is a good thing because we all know LEGO have like a million different blocks; getting everything in one go would be pretty overwhelming unless sorted extremely well. You also collect coins from... mushrooms? And from other sources. You use these to place down some world objects. There is also on-the-spot character customization, and like other things more options are found in the world. Pretty cool stuff.A bit or a minus on the world generator though, it would seem every world will only spawn many small islands so far. I have not seen any larger areas of land at all.As for graphicsthis game looks great. Just great, nothing really stands out. But it also kills your FPS. With everything maxed I had an fps of around 10 with almost complete stops as it loaded in LEGOs in the distance, and with everything off/on lowest setting, around 20, with spikes to around 40. And that's a computer which can run Witcher 3 pretty decently. Very unoptimized for the time being.This is also pretty much everything you do so far. What I would like to see is a change to the camera system, because it really is bad as it is, and UI for better accessibility for PC users. I do not have a gamepad, so I do not know how well it all works with one. Also, a complete ""survival"" mode of sorts would absolutely rock. Or picking a universe or ""biome"" to play in, like underwater, cowboy, space and so on. I feel it won't grow to be so popular if all you do is build LEGO as you do in real life, this game have no future there, although it will probably make money anyways... If it was possible to play yiour own epic adventure in your universe of choice it would be absolutely awesome. And it IS LEGO we are talking about, they do have the funds to make it happen.Also, multiplayer. It just really needs it.To summarize, I would not recommend this game in its Early Access state, even if you are exclusively into free-building games. Too little content and a bit of a hassle to get more, unoptimized, poor accessibility and no multiplayer makes it a no for me. I would keep my eye on it though, and check it out on release."
76561198065272179,Not Recommended,332310,23732071,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,GAABBE,"The Lego Island game from 1997 was literally better than this. Not at all what I expected. Get off the Minecraft bandwagon if you can't do it right, Lego. It's not even worth a free download guys, trust me."
76561198101438169,Not Recommended,332310,30414376,Posted: 9 March,all,ZomBotMC YT,"The graphics are terrible. It is so bad, I just wanna die. I'd rather play on PS4. NEVER PLAY IT ON THE FLIPIN PC!!!!"
,Not Recommended,332310,16194147,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,=LDDG= 3[L] (RATHER BUSY),"MY OPINION SO FAR: Decent, but...Right now, this game is very beta, so I cannot review it fully, but this game is looking very promising, but I do not think there is enough in it at the moment to reccomend it. I AM NOT SAYING IT IS BAD, BUT IT DOES NOT HAVE ENOUGH IN IT TO JUSTIFY RELEASING IT OR GIVING IT A RECCOMEND AT THE MOMENT.THE GOOD:Concept: Lego Simulator. Minecraft but in legos. Lego sandbox mode.Visuals: The legos look very realisticConvenience: All the fun of legos, without spending hours to build something, you can go into the legos, and you dont have to worry about stepping on the legos by accident.Riding animals and vehicles and stuffTHE BAD:Key bindings. You cannot change themThe camera. Hold right-click and drag to use it, annoying to do. Would be better if it had specific key bindings, a lock-on system, possibly a first-person mode as wellSpawning menu is a bit difficult to use, and it costs ingame currency (spawns ingame, does not cost real money) to place certain props and animals. A menu like the one on Garry's mod would be more usableMap boundaries: unmarked. Only appear as an endless ocean, and if you try skydiving after geting too far away from land, it will despawn, killing you instantly.Combat: Other lego games have better combatBuilding: annoying. Minecraft works better.Optimization: Improve ploxOVERALL: Looks promising, however it would be best to wait until a bit later in development, as this version is rather bland and boring. Im not saying it is bad, but I would reccomend it when more features are added."
,Not Recommended,332310,16373862,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Xx3NED,زي الخرى واللهي .
,Not Recommended,332310,23759872,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Raccoon,Don't like it
76561198243545078,Not Recommended,332310,25925140,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,swagster5838,this game sucks
,Not Recommended,332310,32320477,Posted: 10 June,all,Cocuqun_Biri,"this game IS a fine, perfect lego game, unlike the other lego games this is a sandbox type of game. but the bad part about this game is there is not much about it. you can only build explore, thats it. nothing more. btw its ONLY single-player which is boring"
76561198082179807,Not Recommended,332310,34853933,Posted: 9 September,all,T-Rex,Please nobody buy this game its a waist.
76561198157687685,Not Recommended,332310,30973501,Posted: 5 April,all,Sinister Blaze,Terrible. wouldnt even let me load past the first intro video
76561198025078930,Not Recommended,332310,30381626,Posted: 7 March,all,LOOSHIFER,"Game runs like a castle full of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. Does that sentence make sense? No, and niether does buying this game.6600kGTX1080DDR4 @ 3200MHzSSDFrame rate drops from 120 all the way down to the 20s for seemingly no reason."
76561198313189155,Not Recommended,332310,34420572,Posted: 22 August,all,iSpriteWafflez,I Didnt Like It I Played For 1 Minute And Very Laggy Amd Boring
,Not Recommended,332310,26242569,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Aquila,ผมกดซื้อมานานแล้วเพราะว่าหวังว่าวันนึงจะมี ระบบ มัลติเพลเยอร์ แต่กลับทำให้เสียใจเพราะมันเลิกทำไปแล้ว TT แต่ก่อนที่จะกดซื้อเขียนไว้สะดิบดีเลยว่า มีระบบนั้น ถามคำเดียวเพื่อ ??
76561197976726559,Not Recommended,332310,16161870,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,RDQL,"Okay, so I was kind of excited about this so I spontaneously decided to buy it and give it a go. Don't get me wrong, the game has potential but in this stage there's not a lot of fun stuff you can actually do. It's very sandboxy right now so if you want to simply build a lot of stuff quickly and easily then you might enjoy it but there's not much of a game there, yet.So what you do in this game so far is simply spawn in a procedurely generated world and start running about. As you explore you'll find and thus unlock items, props, vehicles, animal mounts and some other stuff. You can also find chests in various structures that unlock usable and unusable items (weapons, camera, fruits etc.).There are a lot of different biomes you can find and in said biomes you can unlock more stuff by essentially standing nearby it or mounting it. You also use in-game currency (not bought for real money or anything) to make the found stuff available to spawn at any time.There's also a few or just the one enemy you can encounter (skeletons) which are quickly dispatched with two punches, sword flings or whatever weapon you have equipped.There is no real challenge in the game, no resources you really need to work with. No upside to finding new stuff other than to just goof around which looses its charm pretty quickly. There's no goal other than find new stuff.You could just build ambitious stuff I guess but even that isn't that much fun without multiplayer which is currently not implemented yet (but it's on the roadmap, which is good).Currently can't really recommend the game, I've tried it for 69 minutes and really don' want to play more until there's multiplayer and/or actual survival gameplay in there. Game does have that potential and I hope TT Games will be taking it in that direction and not just create a big sandbox builder for kids (much as I love lego). I will naturally reevaluate game and update review further down the line when the game has gotten further updates.TL;TR: Very little to do. No multiplayer and no challenge/survival. Potential but nowhere near a decent game yet."
76561198060554287,Not Recommended,332310,16134188,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Über-Czar Admiral Komrad Markley,"This game is amazing fun, it leaves me with a grin on my face. But so far, I can't recommend it right now, wait a few months. After playing for 3 hours I feel like I've beaten the game, with collecting most of the collectibles. And a major problem that is making this game a no buy would be the lack of legos. There is only about 30 legos to pick from, but if you go to the lego store you can actually see that there is about a thousand. So, to finish, this game will be fantastic when its done, right now its not done."
,Recommended,332310,25853851,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Phantomized,I love this game..1000/10 most realistic gameAlso would use magic Brick gun again.
,Not Recommended,332310,16153091,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Spooky,"It's alright so far. It has wonderful potential, however there is very little to do. Will change review as more stuff is added."
,Not Recommended,332310,30388542,Posted: 8 March,all,Dictator Noskov,"♥♥♥♥ me, this game's quite boring..."
76561198160458097,Not Recommended,332310,16166441,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,wemascotian,THIS GAME SUCKS I BOUGHT IT AND I CANT EVEN PLAY THE FORKEN GAME THIS GAME SUCKS BALLS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,332310,16176971,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Master Matthew,"Disclaimer:Before I even review this game i would like to say, that I am aware this is an Early Access Title, and that some of mycomplaints may be adressed, and are even planned to be fixed. But I am reviewing this game on what it is, not on what itis going to be.The Good:Alright, lets start off with the good, Controls, Gameplay, Music, that good stuff.Controls -The Controls are very well made, and have some quirks to be sure, but there is more good about them than bad. When I Control my character, it feels like every other Lego Game I have ever played, and that is good. The New controls, such asClimbing, and Building are very well made, and work well on either a controller or a Keyboard. The only think I would like to see added here is DS4 Support. Many of us have jumped ship from Xbox controllers to PS4 Controllers since PS4 Controllers for most of us are far superior in terms of confort. As for those of us who use the Keyboard and Mouse Set-up, I feel this is a little bit easier to use and understand then the Controller layout, although either are just as playable.Gameplay -In this game you go around and Find stuff and unlock characters, just like any other Lego Game. It is very obvious that this is a Minecraft Clone, which isn't bad, if it's done right, I'll get to that later, but as far as gameplay goes, its pretty okay in the sense of finding money and Getting vehicals and animals.Music -Lego Worlds has a very reppetive song, that is nice for the first time, and maybe the second time you hear it, but it gets old quick. Thankfully there is an option to turn that off in the settings. Yeah, not much here either.Now...The Bad:This is not going to be pretty, and you will see all sorts of reasons why.The Controls -Woah woah woah, you just got done praising the controls, whats with the 360 on your views? Well, I Praised playingyour character. Its very easy to control your character on a keyboard and a mouse or a Controller, but as for the animalsand the vehicals, that is a different story. Every large flying vehical or animal I drove had the same main issue, camera placement. The camera is always right behind you, and far too close, the camera needs to be a little further back and then that would make flying acceptable, and flying wouldn't be so high up on my list if the next over-arching problems didn't exist. But before we jump topics I still have more to talk about. The Plane and the Helicopter. The Plane doesn't control like a plane, and you can stop it in mid-air, and even just drop and ascend in the middle of the air with no real transition. The Helicopter has similar drop and ascend problem, but the problem lays not in the flying itself, but how you do it. In order to ascend or drop the Helicopter, you could use the A or B buttons, A to ascend, and B to drop. But you also can use the camera to control it, so if i hit up on the control stick the helicopter Flies up, super fast infact, and then down to drop, again super fast. Now again, this wouldn't be so much of an issue if the next over-arching issues didn't exist, as well as the camera issue I have already stated. When I'm flying in the helicopter, the only way to see what I amdoing and where I'm going is to constantly ascend and drop, but since I ascend and drop so fast, I have to constantly either stop or pull the control stick up and down really really quickly.Gameplay-More issues here too? Seriously? Okay listen, Exploring is fun, if it's done right, and in Lego Worlds, it wasn't done right.When I'm traveling the world I'll come across stuff to obtain with building and such, but as far as pre-built things go, nothing. Sure you will find formations like Pyramids and tents, but you can't enter them or explore them, you can only remove the bricks or destroy them for money. Unlike Minecraft, the main point of this game is to explore, not build to survive. Minecraft has it so you use tools to adventure the world and you earn the objects you take. With Lego Worldsits a strange mix between Sandbox and Survival. No matter what you do, unless you stand still and let yourself get hit, you won't die. If you want to jump across a lava pit, you can just use the Air Dive button to get across, at no real cost to you, Or you could go into Sandbox mode and build a bridge. Really the obstacles of nature in this game don't mean anything if you can overcome them without any sort of danger. In Minecraft if you wanted to go over a lava pit, you had to carefully place dirt, stone, or any non-gravitational object to get across, and if you made one wrong move, you died, along with everything on you. In this game, you Die, you lose a thousand studs and you move on, but thats even assuming you died somehow in the first place. Since every obstacle can be overcome with little to no difficulty what-so ever. Everytime you encounter a Vehical, Character or Animal, you get a song and a the character is now purchasable. which is fine, except everytime, EVERY SINGLE TIME, you find a vehical, every single time you find a character, every single time you ride an animal, you get that song, you have to wait until its over, and then you can play. With this, you effectivley waste 5 - 10 seconds I could be playing the game, on something boring and even irratating, and it gets REALLY Annoying when there is 5 to 6 new objects in the area, and you go through this whole cinematic every time.There needs to be an option to switch that off. Autosaving is another issue, in Minecraft on Xbox 360/PS3/PS4/XBone if the game autosaves it will either Autosave silently with a quick freeze for a second and you'll see the icon pop up in the corner, or it will pause everything in the game to save it. With Lego Worlds, you could be riding an animal or building, when the game decides to autosave, and the camera points itself at a sunset or the horizon, when you just want to continue what your doing, again wasting your time. The Arguement that it's 'Pausing the game' doesn't work either, as when I'm riding an animal specifically, i can still control the animal, even though the game is ""auto-saving"". More time wasted, doing something super simple. Swimming is another issue, the problem with swimming is that when you go under water, the camera doesn't follow you, the Camera stays above the water, because it counts as a brick. That is not okay, because I cant see what I'm doing, the water should not count as a brick, it should be non-coliding with the camera. While were on it, lets talk about the Biggest issue with the game, The Oceans. This was an issue in minecraft as well, but not so prominent as the point of the game was to build and survive, exploration was only for fun, not really the main point of the game. With Lego worlds, Exploration is the name of the game, and staying in one area is not acceptable, so when you want to leave an area, you have to get a boat, or get a flying animal/vehical and go across a seemingly endless ocean just to find something new. That is not okay, and not only is it bad enough I'm wasting 5-10 minutes, yes, Minutes, looking for something New, that isnt a small island to explore, but I'm doing it all the while playing  with ungodly vehical controls. The biggest problem with this game, is that it will waste your time on doing absolutely nothing for long periods of time, before you get to do anything ""fun"". Even then, when you start exploring, eventually it gets boring because theres nothing to really interact with, or do, and all this really is, is a spectator sport. At - least if this game had Online Multiplayer or Steam Workshop support. I may not lose interest so quickly.Note: My Opinions can and will change in the future as this game is an evolving title, so all these complaints won't always be here."
,Not Recommended,332310,23574885,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,pp head,"Gimme a free copy i bought it october 12,2015"
,Not Recommended,332310,16196848,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,DeadAimBow^-^(Controller),If you can barly run Minecraft you cant run this..
,Not Recommended,332310,23561019,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Generalpoonslayer69,Why the f did I buy this.
76561198216515329,Not Recommended,332310,28612182,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Kopidion,i hate it. it wont update and its a ♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,332310,30547379,Posted: 16 March,all,BaconPhill,"Way too laggy, and no ""left handed"" support. I use arrow keys, not WASD. But then what's the point when it's as frozen as an image."
76561198093592161,Not Recommended,332310,16357728,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,db_smooth,WB is basically going to♥♥♥♥♥♥the lego brand of any value.This game is a Scam
76561198126576638,Not Recommended,332310,25322935,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,WTF-MAVRON,boring game it has no actual game rather go buy mine craft this is like a testing platform for lego to test there stuf just trowing a whole bunch of stuff on a map and allownig you to roam accros it calling it a game is like stepping in poop and calling it a sport
,Not Recommended,332310,32539479,Posted: 18 June,all,A Lot Of Pootis,30 USD??????????????????????waste OF mOneY
,Recommended,332310,30402135,Posted: 8 March,all,Noblesdown,Conservatism is a mental illness.
76561198065670387,Not Recommended,332310,29970357,Posted: 16 February,all,Spillefuglen,The only thing i got from this game was an opportunity for testing the refund butten.And it worked btw.I recommend you do the same.
76561198058986843,Not Recommended,332310,16234930,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,James,k
,Not Recommended,332310,31609888,Posted: 7 May,all,Mike,A game That crashes Every 3 up to amazing 8 minutes even on Good Pcs.  Nerf Bad connection please
76561198207352067,Not Recommended,332310,31127960,Posted: 13 April,all,ChirpMcChirpMan,"I was looking for an open-world game where you could just build whatever. Guess not, this crap asks you to get GOLD to get worlds. What kind of deal is that? The intro is useless, the pirate farmer chick quest is really almost impossible to do because she doesn't understand that you gave her the fricking animals but seriously, go play something else. This game sucks.I'm looking for a refund."
76561198200488862,Not Recommended,332310,23705066,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,alexdixon345,"When i played this game on my windows pc, I loved it! But now I have a mac and i can't play this game!"
,Not Recommended,332310,16153065,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,✪ Rogue Heterosexual,"Build to your heart's content with the general LEGO blocks.Find all the costumes, vehicles, animals, and weapons in about four hours.People said it was a Minecraft clone, but there's zero naturally generated underground in this game. Minecraft is better, abeit not as visually appealing.The penalty for dying (which is hard to do) is a couple of your coins.There's literally like three bad guys that try and kill you.Aaaand you're done.As of now, with the current amount of content, it's not worth $15, unless you are the parent of a child that's into a LEGO-owning simulator.P.S. Build the house set and play with all the interactive objects it has for infinite money. I'm not kidding.UPDATE 1: Naturally generated underground caverns (which are a bit buggy) have been added, and money chests have been placed inside to encourage cavern exploration; although at this point it doesn't seem like a reward when you've accumulated so much from the infinite money house.New items hidden in larger chests in new buildings offer nothing really different other than the same effect of another item, but with a different look.New vehicles and characters is a plus, though. I finally get to live my dream as a motorcycle-driving Minotaur.I'd say it's worth the $15 purchase, now."
,Not Recommended,332310,23324502,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,vaypeking,"This is a lying, horrible game.It actually runs at about 9-20 FPSDON\'T BUY IT!"
76561198208918965,Recommended,332310,30486386,Posted: 13 March,all,linda.bennett,4
76561198105002768,Not Recommended,332310,30571552,Posted: 17 March,all,Squilliam,Don't get it.
,Not Recommended,332310,30619847,Posted: 19 March,all,Dot,Just a♥♥♥♥♥♥game... Just dont buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥like i did
,Recommended,332310,30399560,Posted: 8 March,all,Kingmanthecrazy,I think its cool BUT h1z1 Kotk is better
76561198266368098,Not Recommended,332310,25470224,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,joshcruiser5,Unfortunately the game was too laggy for my computer that had 1tb of memory and 16gb ram. I was getting only 2 fps.
,Recommended,332310,30399684,Posted: 8 March,all,[blue][LFG]Bengisaru,As a hardcore gamer as myself I can say this game is as hardcore as hardcore. It should be rated AO for how hardcore it is. So intense it beats DOOM. 100 DOOM's/10 would hardcore again.
,Not Recommended,332310,30387391,Posted: 8 March,all,Ricky Baker,I got this game in Alpha It was the best and now its kind a cancer/horrible
,Not Recommended,332310,16157376,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,FH Effective,"This could evolve into a great game but for now it crashes for nothing, the building is clunky and you get kinda bored running around all alone!"
,Not Recommended,332310,16146666,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Jasper,"I'd play it more if the game would stop crashing on me. I've tried to play it 3 times now and it crashes within 10 minutes. From what I could see, the game seems like it would be a lot of fun however I can't say my experience was good. I've never had a steam game crash on me so I was quite surprised when this game first crashed. I'm not sure if it's entirely the games fault but I think it is. My PC is very good so I don't understand how it could be its fault."
76561198311308100,Not Recommended,332310,23595532,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,chria.kohlmeyer,DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY AND TIME YA YOU SEE IT ON YOUTUBE AND IT IS GREAT RIGHT WELL NO!!!!!!! THIS GAME IS THE WORST GAME A PERSON COULD GET :[ :[ :[ DO NOT GET
76561198117508755,Not Recommended,332310,23543668,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,EvanIsLogic,If it had a tutorial it would be fun
76561198130880370,Not Recommended,332310,31673528,Posted: 10 May,all,Jrkoons1,this game is stupid! FIX IT!
,Not Recommended,332310,32581507,Posted: 19 June,all,Purple,♥♥♥♥♥game
76561198339968365,Not Recommended,332310,35266878,Posted: 28 September,all,etrixemeraldzz,"wow, it just crashed my computer and now my game is corrupt. Thanks a lot for making a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game because i see that a lot of other people have the same problem."
76561198088936527,Not Recommended,332310,23545016,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,SuperPro601,its terrible now because of the stupid update
76561198088491514,Not Recommended,332310,23214331,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Reich,♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥game
76561198146566121,Not Recommended,332310,31506053,Posted: 2 May,all,Marc,Because reasons
,Not Recommended,332310,30820079,Posted: 29 March,all,Froz,"Didn't really had time to test the game, key-bindings are messed up on non-qwerty keyboard :(."
,Not Recommended,332310,30074439,Posted: 21 February,all,eduardo squidwardo,LEGO REGISTER TRADE MARK IS A BAD LEGO SIMULATOR WHERE U MAK STO|P MOTIONS
,Not Recommended,332310,32520807,Posted: 17 June,all,Icarus,Waste of money
,Not Recommended,332310,26191032,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Nani.,Trash
,Not Recommended,332310,29588520,Posted: 30 January,all,sebasti161,bad bad bad bad bad
,Not Recommended,332310,16137331,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Drywall,"No Assembly Required.This game's early release is bittersweet for me.  I am excited that it will be played by many.  I am excited that it wants to encourage building, creating, and exploring.  Unfortunately, it wants you to do that in the laziest way possible.  I love going to the Lego store, excitedly buying kits, and then asking the employees to assemble it for me...said no one ever.  Lego Worlds captures all the excitement of exploring that Minecraft has and distills all to bumping into things and ""building"" prefabricated kits.  You can still build piece-by-piece, but with the camera and character controls in their current state, you're better off using the prefabs.Positives...- You can build piece-by-piece (but it will take forever)- Visually appealing- Retains the most of the charm of a Lego gameNegatives...- Poor camera control- Poor character controls- Poor UI for those without a controller- Childish theme could be toned down to make more universal for creators, not just children who want to play a Minecraft version of the Lego games- You cannot design a vehicle- Framerate issues- Camera loses control for some random event from time to time- Tunneling felt like it only went downward due to poor vehicle controls- Needs more of a tutorial to help players feel competent in what they are doingI want this to be better than it is.  This should not be about Minecraft vs. Lego Worlds.  Their goals are different, but they are about different venues for creation.Minecraft succeeds because you are exploring the world to find your components for your creation.  I get Lego's need for the prefabs, but not every kid is going to want everything built for them.  Ultimately, I wished this game felt more like the Lego Movie and less like the Lego games.  As an adult in his 30s who works with 3D software, I cannot say with much confidence that the average user will find this easy to build in.  Children will enjoy throwing Lego pieces down, but Lego is about creativity and building.  Lego Worlds has dumbed that down, making exploration more of a primary than a complimentary action for the creating/building."
76561198163151150,Not Recommended,332310,32743098,Posted: 24 June,all,Holy Shmokes,"To Be Honest I have no clue why I have this game in my library, think my Brother bought it a few years ago.He's only recorded 2 hours on this game and it cost him a ton so yeah, guess its S**T"
76561198185925983,Not Recommended,332310,28110157,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,slamin_cameron,I CAN`T EVEN PLAY THIS STUPID FRICKING GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,332310,25437611,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,DEATHSTROKE,NOT MUCH TO DO. THERE ARE NO MAIN CHARACTERS LIKE SPIDERMAN BATMAN OR BOBA FETT
76561198164379378,Not Recommended,332310,26041948,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Hot cheetos in my ass,sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥boreing as ♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,332310,29047625,Posted: 5 January,all,Skelebutt,kys
76561198283565639,Recommended,332310,31135861,Posted: 14 April,all,JayDaCat,great game to on free tinao]wdi[wehOPS;DDplay
,Not Recommended,332310,16158086,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Danny350,"(UPDATE!)Still cannot play with the new version, black screen then it crashes.Avoid for now. Cannot play.It seems like a promising game, but I played it for a couple of mins, and it crashed. Alright fair enough it's early access. Well now it just crashes at launch, I reinstalled the game, deleted all my saves and settings, still not working.I'll update this review when I can play."
76561198157630554,Not Recommended,332310,23562367,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Atomic Spark 原子火花,"Way to laggy and all it is, is water"
,Not Recommended,332310,35156922,Posted: 23 September,all,0L1V€R,WORST GAME EVER FFS
,Not Recommended,332310,32939413,Posted: 28 June,all,(((MiCReiT))),Made a screenshot of a swastika i made and steam deleted the screenshot.
,Not Recommended,332310,30372564,Posted: 7 March,all,Jacket | Wanderer,Pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to build can collect all items in a couple of hours.  Glitches out when doing stuff like digging or tunneling under the ocean.  It is cool but not very good.
,Not Recommended,332310,29777232,Posted: 8 February,all,ngohh,brekmok..bazir pitihkalu john blh 6 kotok doh eh
,Not Recommended,332310,16130599,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Idiotech,I provide an in-depth review of ‪LEGO Worlds‬ for PC﻿. It has potential but I can not recommend it in it's current state. Hear me out before you downvote.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iTbqxSZWyAw
76561198281078341,Not Recommended,332310,28643748,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Polecat324,I dont know how to buld
76561198012218021,Not Recommended,332310,18052794,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,BillyH,Why the ♥♥♥♥ did i buy this game.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------As all ways wanna see what games I am playing now then follow and view my stream @twitch.tv/spitroasted
76561198261827250,Not Recommended,332310,24960321,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,banna,on my dell i played the game 1 time but now it wot start so right now i dont recceamend this game
76561198128484647,Not Recommended,332310,29975502,Posted: 16 February,all,Nutmeg,0 out of 10 worst game ever bruh
76561198372610464,Not Recommended,332310,30477726,Posted: 12 March,all,Sorta_STRANGER,lego world is sooooo horible. Its all lies. dont buy! the video is not the game.
76561198068787083,Not Recommended,332310,16160616,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,BigPoppa45,Boring af
76561198204229183,Not Recommended,332310,23489245,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Omega Man,"Started playing, dropped into world, had no idea what to do. Also the controls are bad."
76561198283483432,Recommended,332310,31565347,Posted: 5 May,all,jackeduponmtndew,😀😁😂🤣😃😄☺😐☹😆😅😭🙂😊😉😎🤓😍😘😗😙😚🤗😇😛😜😋😝🤔😒👩👧👶👨👦👱👵👴👮👲👳👷⛑👸🤴💂🕵🎅🤶👼👰🤵🙋🙆💁💆💇🤦🙍🙎❤💚💛💜💙🖤❤💚💛💜💙🖤❤💚💛💜💙🖤❤💚💛💜💙🖤❤💚💛💜💙🖤❤💚💛💜💙🖤❤💚💛💜💙🖤💖💖💘💝💘💖❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤💚💜💛💙💙💙🖤🖤💜💛❤🕳:-D:-x^3^^_~:[:-x^o^^0^:D:-PU_U:[)::-D^_^^_^^3^^3^~_~;)❤
76561198082806470,Not Recommended,332310,26195529,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Skull_De_Shot,DON'T BUY IT.
76561198200657515,Not Recommended,332310,23419935,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,The Spy Guy,ok
,Not Recommended,332310,16126500,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,gianni 1400,"This game is great and what Lego is supposed to be but my one main criticism is the camera view which I think is awful. The entire game is great and I love it but the camera really makes me hate it, it's stopping me from playing it's too annoying so until they fix it or make it better I'm going to rate down"
,Not Recommended,332310,30377696,Posted: 7 March,all,tzirrit,"Horrible controls, anoying mechanics."
,Not Recommended,332310,27990312,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,vicco04,NOOOOOO it crashed!!!
76561198097061920,Not Recommended,332310,25026950,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,tundracomanche,Rather disappointing game. Sad.
,Not Recommended,332310,16144957,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Digital Goat,"So the hype looked good.. Within 10 minutes I was bored. It's not a comparison to Minecraft as there is NO Mining and NO Crafting! - You find objects around the world fully built, and then you can just build them. The only good thing is it looks kinda cool (still some performance issues) and the terrain tool. Refunded."
76561198149783854,Not Recommended,332310,16241614,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,edcarr05,do not get it
,Not Recommended,332310,16135776,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,[CSE] Bull,"While I don't normally leave poor reviews for unfinished games, I can not recommend this game. I feel that this game misses the mark about being a building game. It is much more firmly an adventure game that appears to be made out of building blocks.Using the Lego brand implies that this is a building game and it is not."
,Not Recommended,332310,16143078,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,TheOddity,"I am a huge fan of Lego. I have so many sets and i've 100% completed all the games but this is beyond appauling. The gameplay, the user interface, the difficullty of BUILDING. Come on lego, i thought you were better than this pile of S%~T.  Go and spend the money on an actual set of lego if you want but whatever you do, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME."
,Not Recommended,332310,29905031,Posted: 13 February,all,Mace,It's funnier to play Minecraft...F*CKING MINECRAFT!! NEARLY EVERYTHING IS FUNNIER THAN MINECRAFT FFS
,Not Recommended,332310,16136275,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Staaksie,Doesn't even start.. Well yea it says it is running but screen goes black and then goes back to whatever I was doing.
,Not Recommended,332310,16127265,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Hordelover,"Sorry, it's to convoluted, bulky and lacks direction. I thought maybe a Minecraft-killer or at least a game my kid could play, but I had a hard time with it. The brick building part seems like a 3D modeler that requires a lot trainer and skill. Lots of different screens and menus, whereas Minecraft is intuitive and straight forward. Maybe we'll see updates and changes where I will take all of this back, but not yet. A waste of $14.99 - stick with Minecraft."
,Not Recommended,332310,16122156,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,[Tribe] Eldin89,"Played for a couple hours. The game has potential, but I would not purchase it at this point. The building mechanics need work, and there isn't much to do other than explore. In the 2 hours I played I collected every equipment(of which the non-combate related ones I couldn't seem to get to work), and believe I collected every animal & vehicle. The world gen is great, and I like the asthetic, so I have high hopes for the game as it evolves. Right now they just need to clean up the controls, the building mechanics, and add more content.Now, I am looking for more a ""survival""/""adventure"" type game with world interaction/building, so this may not be the game for me. Right now it is an exploration/""creative mode"" game, there is only 1 hostile mob (skeletons) which take 2 hits and are no danger at all, and aren't that common. As I said above the controls for building/modifying the world are a bit finiky, but if you don't mind those and don't mind figuring out their quarks, go for it."
,Not Recommended,332310,16125670,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,inzova,"This is to say without a doubt a lego game and a game targeted for lego fans. With that being said I feel like there's a few things that need ""tuning"" before you actually buy this game.The game its self is very fun to just run around in with objects to collect and things like dragons and goats to ride. Also all the sounds and animations in the game really do make it feel like a lego game for lego fans. However with this being said the one thing i was disappointed in is the building system. There's alot of little things I could critique but my main gripe is how hard it is to build anything out of lego blocks. You start by placing a block down like you would expect but lets say you want to make a wall then with the all the blocks connected end to end well that's going to be hard. you can lock the axis to where your building but you cant lets say have the blocks only connect end to end or top to top which would be helpful for building something like a wall. Also the camera feels weird and distant. Basically At the moment building feels like your trying to place blocks with a fishing pole : P.With that out of the way however the rest of the game is very entertaining and if your a hardcore lego fan I would totally recommend it."
76561198119796163,Not Recommended,332310,29767299,Posted: 7 February,all,andyrobertg,if you love legos and open worldjust go outside
76561198134434997,Not Recommended,332310,30381933,Posted: 7 March,all,A Slightly Glorious Potato,CAN I REFUND THIS GAME PLEASE THIS GAME SUCKS I WASTED 10 DOLLARS ON IT!
,Not Recommended,332310,16143754,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Raptr117,"Not that fun, maybe will be worth it in future. Getting my money back :\"
76561198182243567,Not Recommended,332310,16121846,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,MrDayDay112,"I've been playing for about an hour and up to now I'm not impressed. I forgive a lot of things because it's day one early access but it literally feels like there's nothing to do apart from build a house or some other building.The adventure aspect of the game is almost none existent at the moment. You just run around hitting things or discovering them so you can place them down yourself.The vehicle and creature mounts are pretty boring and clunky too. I tried hitting enemies with the creatures and hit them once out of 30 hits. The menu is clunky and rather odd. It's not easy or accessible to someone like me in my 20's so I have no idea how kids will get along with it.It doesn't really give you much info on the controls or what you can do in the game so as far as I can tell it's nothing but build at the moment. You can't even build vehicles either as far as I'm aware.If you want a Lego house builder this is your game. If you wanted something that was like Minecraft but with Lego you should wait for more updates and see if it's worth it then.I won't be playing this again unless it improves a lot through updates, if it ever does. Feel like I've wasted my money at the moment but things could change. I just don't agree with releasing a game this bare whether it's early access or not."
76561197995998316,Not Recommended,332310,16127371,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,BadDogEDN,"Controls are the worst ever, the UI doesn't seem to work with a controller most of the time, wile the character controls need to be done with a controller to make it somewhat work. The camera auto centers instantly and wile driving it will go forward or reverse depending on the way the camera was facing when you moved the joy stick last, awful awful feel to it.There is no multiplayer, and its just a sandbox with no tutorial or quests or any direction at all. I wouldn't buy this turd until everything is fixed, and I've played many early access games, this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ If you want to play legos just buy return to block land for like $2 and you'll have a ball"
,Not Recommended,332310,16127844,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Lucariocios,"For now, my vote for this game has to be a huge 'No'Why?I have a powerful computer, and even with my specs, the game keeps crashing. All my effect and video settings are on the lowest level, and still crashing. SO far, the game seems really, really good, and its a real shame that I cannot play it. I know it is in Early Access, so I do have mixed opinions. I will surely give this game an 8/10 by gameplay, I just have to reduct 5, due to the horrible lag and frequent crashes.DO buy this game to support development, it is worth the trip.If you're a Lego fan, you'd love this.If you're a Minecraft fan you'd adore this, this game is basically Minecraft 2!If you're a Minecraft/Lego fan, you're about to have a nerdgasm.An astounding 'YES!' is coming this game's way, as soon as lag/crash problems are resolved."
,Not Recommended,332310,16123125,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Ridley,it desperately NEEEEEEDS Multiplayer.if it had multiplayer then I would definitely recommend it.
76561198229091712,Not Recommended,332310,31138872,Posted: 14 April,all,tittanslayer807,I played this game for about five minutes...then got bored...not recomended
76561198079207269,Not Recommended,332310,35174922,Posted: 24 September,all,The Worlds First Hippie,"I was gifted this by a stranger who then blocked me. I dont know what to say, its♥♥♥♥♥♥ I dont really know what the point is, why its a bit of a shame on my library. I will say that this proves that jet fuel cant melt steel beams and my recreation of the world trade center did not fall when I flew a plane into it. Did you see george bush' ice bucket challenge? That♥♥♥♥♥♥was crazy, he got hit harder than those who jumped out of the tower hit the ground. This game reminds me of vietnam, just that instead of fighting commies, im fighting mexicans and other imigrants, protecting my border. Anyways, dont buy, this game, dont gift it to others for a joke, its stupid and you're wasting money we could use to find out whether Ted Cruz is the zodiac or whether they are putting FEMA camps in our dogs."
,Not Recommended,332310,16122444,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Mikey (RitsuKing),"I don't really have anything new to say apart from what everyone else is getting at. Minecraft with Lego etc.I was mostly disappointed to find that you can't edit the vehicles/objects in the current version of the game. I suppose it's my fault for not looking into it earlier. As someone who isn't at all a fan of this type of game, the idea of being able to build objects that I can interact with from scratch was the main draw. Seeing as everything in the game is made of Lego, and you can freely edit (almost) anything, you can see how I got carried away.Although the environment building mechanics on display currently are very powerful, if an object editor was also available it would really make this game stand out. I want to make my own ridiculously long swords I can swing around, I want to add wings to the car and fly around. I understand that saying ""Please make a game where I can do anything!"" is a stretch but... I mean, isn't that what Lego's about? Even if it's glitchy as all get-out, if I could put wings on my car and also it's a submarine and it shoots lasers I would be in heaven.As it is, unless you like building contructs out of basic Lego pieces then go for it. Though honestly there's not much seperating it from Minecraft aside from the few vehicles/objects/animals you can interact with (though honestly that's already a huge improvement)."
76561198037080732,Not Recommended,332310,16122744,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Gentleman,"okay, 20 played, but i have to say this. The game have good features, like the construction is OK (but hard to use, is not intuitive or fast), u can destroy and build as u want, etc etc etc. But is lacking alot in content. You can do whatever you want in this game but at the same time, nothing. Boring after 10minutes that you realise about this ingame. An other thing, the camera is a bit,,, crapy in some moments. It get stuck in some places, or it doesn't give you the right view of what is surrounding you. In my opinion they have to do MUCH more with this game, otherwise, this will become an other ""minecraft"" clone. I cant give more than a 3/10 to this game. As I said, it feels like the game is empty. Hope this help you somehow."
,Not Recommended,332310,16129337,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,captainbenis,"Crashed within 5 minutes of starting the last 4 times ive launched it. No problems with any other games. 750ti, i5, 8gb ram."
76561198081614611,Not Recommended,332310,16126929,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,mask out,it crashes for me someone help
,Not Recommended,332310,16139499,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Eevertti PrayForVegas,Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥waste of money 15 euros!
76561198093137264,Not Recommended,332310,31186260,Posted: 16 April,all,tRaVis  rApE,Sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you die
76561198090465584,Not Recommended,332310,16129621,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,☢Thoie☢,IT KEEPS CRASHING WHENEVER I GO ON. I have seen gameplay looks so good but always crashed when i load a world i even redownloaded PLEASE FIX if not fixed don't buy
,Not Recommended,332310,16127751,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Rye-bread,0/10 can't get this to start up.
76561198106305554,Not Recommended,332310,16145398,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,122InAction,Terrible
76561198121397676,Not Recommended,332310,16124822,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,shajjath666,I'd not recommend this game at this stage ...coz it suffers from serious FPS drops
,Not Recommended,332310,16128584,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,[Tech] Knoar,"Super boring, pointless, buggy and unfinished.  So many better games out there for $15.Within 15 minutes of playing for the first time, I rode on a dozen or so animals, flew a plane, drove a few vehicles, and met a few NPCs.  I teraformed and placed objects down that I unlocked by discovering.  Then I closed the game and will probably never start it again."
,Not Recommended,332310,16124549,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Celticpyro,no weapons and just not much to do in the game...Update: Guess there are some weapons... still was not very fun for me. Dragon was cool.
,Not Recommended,332310,26299528,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,LJ #vacouttanowhere,...
76561198155343636,Not Recommended,332310,30379394,Posted: 7 March,all,LockJaw,This is sh*t let me save you your money. look away...
,Recommended,332310,30363401,Posted: 6 March,all,☹ ☠ ☬ ✄ ☔ ⚡ ♚ ☀,tHIS GAME HAS LEGOS IT GOOD
76561198166924791,Not Recommended,332310,25048653,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,SlamChunk,MAKE IT ON MAC
,Not Recommended,332310,16132169,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,xplaygtk,it's boring for me
,Not Recommended,332310,24979600,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Tpdhalo4,Terrible i droped in a world with no clue what i was doing walked for about 5 minutes then some random pirates tried to kill me 2/10 #pirate lifes matter
76561198153545872,Not Recommended,332310,16135156,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,舜,why i can't no play 'lego world'?MY Computer:cpu: intel I5graphics: intel HD graphicRAM:4GB
76561198307026057,Recommended,332310,31606170,Posted: 7 May,all,King Doge,░░░░░█▐▓▓░████▄▄▄█▀▄▓▓▓▌█Help░░░░░▄█▌▀▄▓▓▄▄▄▄▀▀▀▄▓▓▓▓▓▌█ Doge░░░▄█▀▀▄▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▀░▓▌█ Take░░█▀▄▓▓▓███▓▓▓███▓▓▓▄░░▄▓▐█▌ Over░█▌▓▓▓▀▀▓▓▓▓███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▀▓▓▐█ Steam▐█▐██▐░▄▓▓▓▓▓▀▄░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▌█▌ Copy█▌███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▐░░▄▓▓███▓▓▓▄▀▐█ And█▐█▓▀░░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██████▓▓▓▓▐█ Paste▌▓▄▌▀░▀░▐▀█▄▓▓██████████▓▓▓▌█▌▌▓▓▓▄▄▀▀▓▓▓▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓█▓█▓▓▌█▌ DO IT.█▐▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▄▄▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓█▓█▓█▓▓▓▐
76561197971587051,Not Recommended,332310,16126669,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,superbeetle,first review ever. been on steam since 2004. this game is horrible. i would have greater enjoyment burning my money.
76561198101769048,Not Recommended,332310,30365542,Posted: 6 March,all,nashsarah4,"Its extremely confusing, plus it gives me motion sickness as well."
76561198040301935,Not Recommended,332310,16118303,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,LordSmooches,Not sure how long I have played it but there is significant FPS drops through game play. Not sure if there is a setting for the distance blur but everything appears very blurry in the game. I would not recommend purchasing the game until the developers have added more to it such as survival mode and fixing the fps drop issue. I will continue to monitor this game but right now for me it is unplayable.UPDATE:If you are having FPS drops and the world seems blurry switch over to DX9 and it will fix most of issues.
,Recommended,332310,16127003,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Kirillian,"These are just my thoughts after trying release version.I am rather confused by this release.If i could leave a ""mixed"" reccomendation, i would put it. Unfortunately Steam is forcing me to put either yes or no.It's uh... Not exactly the game i was buying back then, now that it's released.We were having a completely different game, where we had exploration and procedural worlds, where building and exploration was the main point, whole destructible and procedural worlds with various biomes, think of it like Minecraft but instead of focus being on survival, it was just building and exploration.The current game is well... Forcing you to play in prebuild worlds and ""discovering"" new thing, which well, sounds the same right? But well, it's really not, you are being put in a small prebuilt area, where you have to complete quests to get access other prebuild areas. Which somewhat kills the exploration aspect, instead it feels like they just give you a few levels, make you do a few quests and move you onto another one.Also your movement is always being limited by the tool you chose, back in Early Access you just had to come to something and it'll be discovered, then you can do whatever you want with it.There's an option to ""create"" a world,however i am not sure if that would be the old version of game with infinite generation and biomes. It also costs 100... 100 golden bricks, meaning that you'll have to go through a lot to get to the good part, the Sandbox part, if it's still the same as it was before, then i guess it would be worth to get through all the other pain, however, if it were not for the optimization issues.Framerate is, surprisingly worse than it was in Early Access with procedural worlds, which is kinda strange, considering that the prebuild areas are noticeably smaller and less detailed.(18 frames in the second prebuilt world with prehistoric stuff, what the hell? It also doesn't change no matter what you do with your settings.)But on the good note,The game actually feels like a ""game"" now, it has content to play with, it has an objective, it's no longer just a pointless exploration and sometiems build a thing game.The menu got a major overhaul, too, and it does look fairly nice, as well as intro cinematic, and all that fluff.They also seem to give a light hint on that there will possibly be other expansions for the game, because all ""explored"" items are now being in ""sets"", so maybe someday if you are a fan of Lego Batman or Harry Potter or Star Wars, you might be able to get an expansion for Lego Worlds and play the game with different content. Kind of reminds me of the whole idea of Dimensions in a way.So... While it's not the same game we were promised, it's still... kinda good?The only problems i see with the game, is the fact that optimization is still fairly awful, and that to create your own world you have to get a LOT of golden bricks, but other than that... Changes seem to be okay.So if i were to tell you to get it or not... i wouldn't even know if to say yes, or not. I'd say wait a few patches for them to fix the performance first, and add some improvements to some systems, then we'll see.Personally, i think they should just give you a go into sandbox mode straight from the main menu, and that would probably remove a lot of conflicting reviews."
76561198007439228,Recommended,332310,18727771,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,SuperCuBe,"As an early access buyer, I thought the game was quite boring back in early access. A lot has changed now. There are things to keep you busy in the game such as quests etc. I honestly reccomend this game.Oh and by the way, my 32 bit windows 7 machine can run this."
,Not Recommended,332310,17734090,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Iananimator,"UPDATED:Not an open world game like was planned. The steam store page shouldn't have the trailers anymore that feature that because it is false. What's the point of building something in a world not connected?OLD REVIEWWouldn't consider it a video-game at this point. You can explore many different biomes, collect minifigs and props, and build using the very vast building mechanics. It's an awesome tech demo right now, and I believe that is enough for the price. It has a lot of promise and I think if they do the right things it will be an amazing game. $15 bucks is enough to gamble for a potentially amazing game, and you get to see this amazing tech demo."
,Not Recommended,332310,16661044,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,FlowMotion,terrible showcase of a finished early access game.
76561198047808146,Not Recommended,332310,28095010,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Buck,"Early Acess - Absolutely amazing > update 1.0 - bloody abysmal, won't even run on my PC with windows 10, I can't get more than 5fps, bring the game back to the way it was before this shockingly awful update, cannot and will not play this game until they  return it to the way it was in early access, absolutely shocking how much they ruined this wonderful game,"
,Recommended,332310,23594818,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Ryan G,"Unlike the other people reviewing here, I did not like the 'Early Access' version. I bought the game the day of release and did not have that much fun. Ditched it until it was released a couple of days ago. I must say, this version of the game is far superior. I love the quests and the direction the game has. This is something which I am going to be spending a LOT of time in."
,Recommended,332310,30299062,Posted: 3 March,all,Sucy,"Not quite Lego Universe, but a good game.It is basically just the blockyard.That's pretty much it."
,Recommended,332310,24050932,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Koweja,"During EA period: ""Yeah, it has a lot of potential, but will still require a lot of work. I doubt the game will get enough polish in the month before it's supposed to come out.""After release: They polished it enough. There's a lot to do, many places to explore and things to collect. It may not be the best LEGO game, but it is fun.It's Minecraft meets No Man's Sky with LEGOs. What more could you want?"
,Not Recommended,332310,17360874,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,jail,pretty ♥♥♥♥ing boring now since 1.0
,Not Recommended,332310,16300212,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Jimmy,"Jun 10, 2015Almost Perfect for an Early Access.A few buggy things need to be worked out, ie. tractor keeps falling down when digging, getting stuck in small houses, & several lego pieces disappear during builder mode.And a few suggestions would be nice, ie. multi-player, steam achievements, & an adventure mode that adds several levels of enemies including bosses.March 9, 2017I can no longer recommend this game until they fix the huge amount of new glitches, get rid or completely overhaul the tutorial levels, and get rid of the super tiny worlds.Had to restart the new game four times in only two hours of very frustrating play. First time I had to restart was because the ship didn't recognize that I received the third brick & since I already got the only three bricks from the first world, I could get any more. Had to delete world & start over. Twice I had to restart, but luckily not delete anything, when I couldn't use the Discovery Tool. Finally, I gave up when I tried to take a fun picture, like the several times I took pictures in the Early Access.  Once I pressed F12, the screen when blank & froze the entire computer."
,Recommended,332310,16130992,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Sp0nska,It's the LEGO game that I always dreamed of! <3
,Not Recommended,332310,16125486,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,bkwrm,"Now tha tthe game is out of early access, here's my final thoughts:TLDR - Do NOT get if you enjoy building things.  This game is more about exploring and adventuring.The GOOD-Exploring is extremely addicting.-The game aces the lego feel and is really charming.-I play with most graphics maxed and the game looks pretty good for the most part, it's especially refreshing seeing all the different block shapes instead of standard squares in most of these games.-I like the new brick progression system for the most part.  Makes it feel more like a game than a really rough beta.The BAD-Camera needs a lot of attention, althouth it's not the hell that it used to be.  Make sure to switch to a different mode in the ingame menu.-Controls feel off a lot of the time.  Flying vehicles keeps resulting in me moving up instead of forward since the control schemes are inconsistent.  And your character easily grabs and tries to climb onto anything it bumps into which is extremely annoying when navigating close areas, why hasn't this been given it's own dedicated button yet?!  Even Assassins Creed has that.-There's a ""Quest"" system where characters want to be given an item and than you can unlock their discovery.  But there is no reliable way to get most of the items, especially since a lot of the items don't spawn on each world.  Worse yet you literally give them the item from your inventory, so you have to collect it all over again each time.  Note, talking to a character while walking around with the item in your hand gives it to them, even if it is the wrong item it is gone now.-Doesn't say which biomes are in the world you generate.  So you have to load into it each time to see since the picture is ulta generic and vague.-LOTS of quests spawn underground it seems.  Since digging isn't a very intuitve or precise process it can be annoying finding them.-Underwater chests are extremely hard to open.  Terrain generation and a limited air supply means multiple deaths while you try to maneouver or remove terrain stopping it from opening.The UGLY-The building mechanics.  Still are unchanged since day 1.  They took a game that should have simple block placement like Minecraft or Startmade and gave it an overly convoluted building system.  To keep this short, you can build lots of impressive things.  But even something really simple will take ages to make and require you to fight both the camera and having to carefully make sure you place EVERY block in the right place.  Even for a simple wall it is insanely easy to snap them everywhere but where you want-Combat just isn't fun.  Ranged aiming is insane, even when zoomed into their nausiating first person mode it still trys to auto aim, spear chucking I'm completely unable to figure out for example.  And melee is just as bad somehow.  Lots of enemies hit way harder than you and you are just trading blows in typcial lego style, basically your goal is to buy more hp so that you can wishstand their hits long enough to kill them.-No vehicle creation yet.  Seems like a massive oversight.Final ThoughtsI wanted to like this game, I still enjoy playing it a bit and don't regret getting it cheaply during EA.  But I can't see most kids enjoying it for very long, the controls are overly complicated and unintuitive in places yet the game is too simplistic for adults to keep interest for long.  Frankly the building system is what killed it for me, they haven't improved it at all sicne the beta.  Here's a few final tips if you do pick it up:-I heavily suggest playing with a controller.  Game feels lot better with one, sometimes the keyboard controls don't seem to work when you press them in the build modes.-After doing a quest for a creature you can usually ""Discover"" it.  This is ANY quest not just the give me X item ones.-Zooming all the way in goes into a first person mode.  It can help a lot even if I find it nausiating.   With mouse and keyboard you reeeeeaally have to keep scrolling in, it seems to have a hump you have to get over to reach first person."
,Not Recommended,332310,16770927,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Night,"Good, fun open world game until the recent update that 1. deleted my old save. 2. added a bloody story to a sandbox 3. No way to toggle this on and off 4. These devs cant make a single lego game without a story can they?If they decide its a good idea to get the sandbox aspect back then ill play it, until then I consider it a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥as of now.0/10"
76561198046109469,Not Recommended,332310,16969078,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Evil Monkey,Game was fun before 1.0. Quest mechanic made it so you have to do quests to unlock what previously was better. Before the update worlds were infinite. Now you have to unlock larger worlds. You can't skip the tutorial. Was better before! Don't buy till it is updated!
,Not Recommended,332310,18425249,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Linkan,"1.0 updateThis isn't even the game I paid for, it's a totally different game. Imagine if you wanted a Lego game where you were free to do what ever you wanted with a completely open world, and the dev team has been implementing what people requested and the last few months come around. It finally releases... and it became Lego Starwars with some fancy reshape tools...I have a feeling it was a trick, they showed us something that was in beta and it was simple to make, its basically what a lot of people wanted from a lego game, then at the last minute they change the game, stopped listening to the community, and just made it something budget that people already paid for.Honestly, the game isn't too bad, and surely I would have been just fine with it, if it wasn't falsely adevrtised as an awesome fully customizable lego game.Before update 1.0Great game 9.5/10why 9.5??+I can fly a ♥♥♥♥ing dragon and blow things up+A big world to explore and build in+Great animations+Can do almost anything+so many things to find and build+great looking worlds+This is my childhood in a video game!-A little bit glitchy-I want more animals and characters"
,Recommended,332310,30411675,Posted: 9 March,all,JK,Pretty fun and cool game.
76561198108734628,Recommended,332310,24850010,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Major_Gamez,"Don't fall for these negative reviews, these players are just upset you have to actually do stuff to get the blocks you want to build with now.. that is called ""gameplay"".When this game was in Early Access players were given everything right off the start for build mode, which for some reason people don't understand this was done so you can actually test out the building/game which early access is for...Now that the game is out of early access, the game now makes you actually have to complete tasks and explore, to unlock more parts to build with. This is called progress every game has this..This is the only major change with regards to the sandbox building of the game. I find its better to earn stuff as it makes you play the game more, you will spend lots of time unlocking stuff, then once you get everything you will still have so much more gameplay left building wise, then we will end up getting steam workshop support, and new content updates.I highly recommend this game as it's lasting appeal is very strong."
,Recommended,332310,16584788,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,arcanum.zero,"I first reviewed LEGO Worlds almost two years ago when it first came out in Early Access.  I had a lot of good things to say and a few complaints.  Most of the good things are still around, and my complaints have largely been addressed, but there's a new problem gumming up the works.The biggest thing I noted in my original review is that the stud-collection-and-spending mechanic for unlocking new minifigs (and their parts), vehicles, animals, and props is a brilliant way to create in-game player objectives that are in-line with the core gameplay and do not feel arbitrary or unnecessary.  This is still the case.  The Early Access game reminded me of Minecraft in beta, before Mojang started tacking on irrelevant bells and whistles instead of improving the core building and exploration gameplay.Unfortunately TTGames appears to have made the same mistake with LEGO Worlds.  They've tacked on a long, frustrating ""tutorial"" that is time consuming and repetitive, and locked most of the game's content behind its gates.  The major problem with this is that the scripted quests end before the tutorial does, leaving the game to rely on random fetch quest generation to get you the gold bricks you need to finish the tutorial.The random quest algorithm isn't /bad/, exactly, but having to randomly generate worlds and hope you get one where the gold-brick questgivers are numerous but not being constantly griefed by hostile mobs is frustrating. Coupled with buggy reward drops you don't always pick up, questgivers randomly vanishing mid-quest, and items randomly vanishing from your inventory, it is kind of obnoxious.It's not /hard/ to get 100 gold bricks, it's just tedious. All you need to do is keep digging for easy worlds. But tedious isn't good, either. Most folks are going to give up long before they get there, and I don't blame them.  Of course, I've never understood the need for sandbox games to include progression. Maybe I'm the odd man out.I can't not recommend the totality of LEGO Worlds.  There is great fun to be had here.  It's just a damn shame that you have to slog through some of the worst ""tutorial"" design I've ever seen to get to it.  I hope TTGames realizes its mistake and corrects it so that I can reverse this review.But I do have to say that having to rely on randomly spawning and then chasing down Troublemakers to unlock blocks for build mode is just stupid.  Build mode is still the most fiddly part of the game, and when I'm limited to only the smallest possible blocks, fiddliness becomes annoyance.  It's a LEGO game, why are you gating my access to LEGOs?"
76561198033427960,Not Recommended,332310,24641325,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,k1ng r4t,"I simply cannot recommend this game...for a few reasons. Let me get this out of the way first, if you're looking for a new LEGO game but want one that isn't themed after another IP, you'll probably like LEGO Worlds. It isn't as fun or mechanically unique as other LEGO games, but it gets the exploration aspect down well enough.However, it is not the game they started as and the game I paid for almost 2 years ago.Having said that, they were failing miserably at that game and I'm happy for them that they decided to go another direction. I've had a negative review that applied to the EA version for over a year now. So it was the right choice. However that review is now almost completely irrelevant. Not because they fixed the problems, they just decided not to make it that type of game, but instead a dumbed down version of it, shifting focus to the meh exploration/adventure side.There is a very basic build system that really isn't worth your time, especially considering the competition, which leave LW in the dust. LW relies heavily on premade structures which...well, I think you get where I'm going with this.Mostly this game will appeal to families and little kids who love LEGOs and just want to live in a LEGO world for a bit, maybe having a small hand in what that world looks like...but don't expect to create your own amazing LEGO dream world or anything like that.And if I'm being honest, the exploration aspect isn't 'that' great. You have to gather pieces to do anything, and the worlds can be confusing and repetitive, just bland enough to 'not' make up for how confusing it is. NPC's just stand there waving. Every animal wanders around in circles like a mindless robot. You'll probably have to hit a button a few times to do an action. It definitely starts very slow...I suppose it isn't the worst thing in the world, but not a game changer either. It certainly isn't worth $30. If you're looking for a good cheap explorer game, let me know.Anyways, if I had bought a LEGO adventure game, I'd 'probably' give this a thumbs up. However I bought a LEGO builder, because that's what they said it would be, and this is not one of those. Most people will probably disagree with this review because they recommend it because they wanted a LEGO exploration game and got what they wanted...I get that. But to future readers who see this and are thinking it might have a worthy build aspect...it doesn't.4/10 Won't hold my breath again"
,Recommended,332310,16143567,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,"Irvine ""Danger"" Riker","It took me 24 hours to get 100 golden bricks. That is way too long to unlock all the features available in minecraft at the start.Never played an actually early access game that delivered a product as complete and compelling as this. As it is most developers would consider this development as complete and sell it as is. It is hopeful to say the least that this is a continued effort and I am eager to see how this game comes to fruition over the next years. This being said I have encountered one blatant problem and that is the camera controls. The third person mode is fine, but it seems rather too confined. I feel that this wouldn't be an issue with the inclusion of a first person mode. Really looking forward to this up and coming."
76561198018689945,Recommended,332310,18805071,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Dariusking,Bought this for my daughter.Tried it out a bit.They are slowly tweaking it.Looks good so far and she enjoys it.
,Recommended,332310,18803208,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Mr. Black,"-The best LEGO game ive played in a while.It is early access so its not 100% polished and fully optimized, give it a year or two, dont add microtranactions, or paywalls or any of that other♥♥♥♥♥♥and its on the way to becoming the new KSP."
,Recommended,332310,30589874,Posted: 18 March,all,KingDaWild,Been playing since early access and I just have to say this game has come along way in 2 years. Looking forward to what they have coming in the future. Keep up the good work.
,Recommended,332310,18882110,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,gakpie,"My 3-year-old and I started playing near the start of Early Access, and had a great time exploring, riding Lego animals, finding neat stuff like Lego bananas and feeding them to the Lego monkeys. It is cool that my son can spawn as many monkeys as he likes into the world. He likes monkeys, so he spawns a lot of them. 'Hoo hoo ha ha', he says.We stopped playing for a while, and came back recently (November). Cool stuff has been added. I watched my son have the following play session:- went swimming in the ocean; found a Lego shark- starting riding the shark through the ocean- rode the shark straight up onto the beach; no problem, the Lego shark just thrashes itself around the land (this looks awesome)- terrorised the locals with his Lego shark; built, and then destroyed a lighthouse- spawned 10 more sharks- spawned a dragon; destroyed all of the sharks and flew off to 'find some lava'- found lava; spawned 30 monkeys; gave them bananasFantastic game/digital playset."
,Recommended,332310,19027112,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,MarcusGamez,"Hard To Controll, Very Laggy, and Figity. Overall It is a great game but it has some bugs in! Buy it it is awesome!"
76561198115779454,Recommended,332310,18901685,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,JavaSuave,My childhood wrapped into one beautiful $15 package
,Not Recommended,332310,30572934,Posted: 17 March,all,Crazy ManMan,"For a ""finished"" game this is bad, however if they do continue to work on it as what seems to be the plan my review may change."
76561198137391364,Recommended,332310,16185750,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Ben,Best game evah just pls make multiplayer so people can play with friends buuuut the camera need some improving its a bit like sims not that I play but could you change the camera please but other than that its EVERYTHING IS AWESOME
76561197989740094,Recommended,332310,18846022,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Original Jim,I couldn't be happier with this purchase. This is probably THE game that got my 6 year old son hooked on PC gaming. Can’t wait to see what improvements are made in the near future. Great Job so far!
76561198148208818,Recommended,332310,18934571,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,batmanjackman,I would like to say first off that this is one of the best lego games i have ever played.Now it does have frame rate problems but it wont matter after you play for 5 minutes.It is like minecraft and lego into one and if no one thinks that sounds like the best game in the world then theres something rong.
76561198120312488,Recommended,332310,16812796,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,DerpyWings,"I was cruisin' around in the car I stole from a couple in a house, and pretty soon drove it into the ocean which left me stranded in the middle of nowhere. For a full night I wandered through the mushroom forest throwing bananas at the local wildlife and plants leaving a field of destruction in my wake. That's when I saw it, walking majestically in the light from the newly dawned sun-A giant eagle. I slowly crept up to this royal creature hoping that it was a not some hallucination caused from the hundreds of destroyed mushrooms. I crept closer, ""press E"". IT IS A FUQIN MOUNT!? I wasted no time. I claimed this mystical beast as my own, and christened the only true name it deserved, "" 'Merica"". I ignored the control guide for the beast, this is a write of passage for any patriot boy to become a man, so I didn't know how to fly yet, therfore I  walked the mighty taloned avian until we stumbled upon a farm. While taking a tour of the farmer's  land I discovered dynamite hidden in a chest in his barn-It seems Old McDonald's farm was doing more than having a cow ""moo-mooing"" here and there. Defensive measures had to taken. I BLEW UP EVERYTHING THAT FARMER OWNED! I rendezvoused with 'Merica on the outskirts of the cratered land that farmer once called a home. While 'Merica and I made our escape, the control gods smiled upon me. We started to fly! We left the remnants of that ""once upon a farm"" as a historical site of justice upon the land as 'Merica and I flew into the sunset.10/10  Would totally blow up terrorists and ride 'Merica into the freedom of the setting sun again."
,Recommended,332310,19008713,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,ZZ LIGHTNING,If you like LEGO it's the game for you
,Not Recommended,332310,18992399,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,dragon_0_0_0,the controls and mechanics of the game just dont work and the whole thing is so glitchy itd never sell if they offerd a demo i want my money back not worth it
76561198228870444,Recommended,332310,30604313,Posted: 18 March,all,clayvalentine1987,This game is so much fun! I've never played Minecraft but have watched videos and seems very similar with it's own take on creation and discovery. I would recommend this to any one that likes casual open world gaming.
76561198094812185,Recommended,332310,17946068,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Miss Naughty Vixen,"So far it is looking good, but for me the end game should feel like a mix of lego games and skyrim with a crafting system, for a story mode, similar to the my sims line. Didn't really feel similar to minecraft though, but not a letdown."
,Recommended,332310,19340096,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Atamarus,I recommend this because it's kinda fun but one thing I would really like to know.  WHAT ARE YOU SUPPOSED TO EVEN DO????
,Recommended,332310,19349713,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,gremblo,"WARNING: IF YOU HAVE A SLOW COMPUTER, DO NOT GET THIS GAME. anyways, good game, just lacks a little.8/10"
76561198263047523,Recommended,332310,19426778,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Dante,"Overall its good, but after a good strong 3 hours it gets stale, but 10-30 minutes later you come crawling back. the building is meh but the exploration is sick, remember lego marvels free roam? double that by 8 million."
76561198151232463,Recommended,332310,30633194,Posted: 20 March,all,iSS_98Xx,how to cheng launguag plzzzzzzzz
,Recommended,332310,19216420,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,JoshK,"An open world, procedurally generated, exploration game with destructable terrain and memories from our childhoods. Why wasn't this made sooner?!10/10"
76561198334891985,Recommended,332310,30457212,Posted: 11 March,all,VoxelSlinger,"I had high hopes for this game when I purchased it in October. However, in four months, I only had 103 minutes of playing it. When LW officially was released, I decided to give it another chance, I my jaw dropped as soon as the menu loaded. It is a great game - now with a purpose."
,Recommended,332310,29110189,Posted: 8 January,all,CrazyIvanTR,"Fun for everyone who likes games. Especially kids. I just put this game on when my relatives visit and their kids can play the game however they want without much concern for age or doing any harm to savegames :DAll my gripes from the beta have been also fixed and the game performs much better than before. Time will tell how good it is to play with friends, but it seems pretty good so far."
,Recommended,332310,23576097,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,ghroth,Game has become a gem of a LEGO experience. Good on the TT devs for making it out of the pits of early access.
76561198061482417,Recommended,332310,30473364,Posted: 12 March,all,Cloak Anger,good game
,Recommended,332310,30384236,Posted: 7 March,all,PhArExSyS,"UPDATED Revised Review: i like other former Beta players was very disappionted with the new release, however due to my love for lego i persisted and i have to say YES its is brilliant. I was soooooooooo wrong. yes it will take some time for a newbie to get use to but keep going. i highly recommend this now definately worth the money aswell.BETA USERS: keep going guys. the begining is annoying but its the turtorail we need. get thru that and we get the big worlds back. we can still be sandbox like. after the tut its back to as you please but with extra EXTRA collections and treats. SO KEEP PLAYING TRUST ME...hahahahahahahahahahmmm. not impressed Lego. i get the beta are versions of games are just a simpler version, but you didnt do that it became a whole different game. i clicked reload thinking it would be the world i had been playing, but it didnt it frozen and never loaded. discovery tool wt? its annoying to use as you have to put it away and pick up alot. the graphics are worse. you cant drop your graphics to a low setting because the game tells me to change it back. that doesnt work either. so its freak out or lag now?please consider returning the NO discovery tool and leave it as ""Roam n Collect"". let us actually change our graphic settings. return the objective of collecting for the characters.honestly return it back to Beta."
,Not Recommended,332310,23589648,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Socks,I loved this game before it came out of Early Access. I bought this game maybe a year ago and played it for 10 hours straight one night then didnt touch it again. I decided to check it out again since it is out of early access but it is a completely different game than what I paid for.Pros: Runs Smoothly on a potatoHas decent character customizationBuilding is as good as everCons: MisleadingCompletely changed the gameMeh soundtrackGets boring quick
76561198011602389,Recommended,332310,30436101,Posted: 10 March,all,Lethbridge,"I just started this game with my son.  We are both Lego People.  We played, and had a blast with no idea what time it was.  It was school night, and an early day for work.  Would do it again.  Play with real lego, ride animals or vehicles doing quests or tasks, building up your recipes and pieces."
,Recommended,332310,23175808,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Angry Tom,"Since my last early access review, many things have changed with Lego Worlds, no longer is it jut a blatant Minecraft knockoff, now it actually has features worth considering this game for. The ability to access different worlds on one character, a tutorial to get you acquainted with the tools and functions of the game mechanics, and a narrator (Peter Serafinowicz) who sounds like he wants to be Patrick Stewart.This game has changed so much that I'm gonna turn a negative into a positive, and I can in fact recommend this game. I've just gotten started again and by the looks of things I'll be sinking a few hours a week into this. I also plan on building a giant genital statue, as one does in sandbox construction games.That said, yeah, if you've got the dough, pick this up. It's turned from a disappointment to a joy to play. The devs have been listening to the players and as such, have crafted an absolutely delightful little piece that you, or your kids (unless you are kids, which means you shouldn't have kids yet) will be able to get the hang of pretty quickly."
,Recommended,332310,30437952,Posted: 10 March,all,DreamSign,"When I bought this it was only just up on Early Access. There were some fun elements here and there but it I felt I was more enjoying the nostalgic aspect to playing in a Lego sandbox than actually enjoying the game. I moved on and mostly forgot about it.Those elements have become a full game now, and one considerably improved from EA.Pros: It's Lego. All the internal sets are here. Some you will remember, some only your kids will be familiar with. The sounds and textures of Lego are distinct and will remind you of building and playing with the pieces.Quests are visual and generally easy to grasp.Random worlds are hugely varied and fun to explore in a variety of ways.Unlockable items are not overly difficult to acquire but there is a huge variety of things to collect.Decent amount of basic connectivity options.Maps are randomly generated but blend nicely from one biome to another. Set pieces are clever and fun to explore. Worlds feel distinct and worthy of exploration.Cons: Combat targeting is janky. Ranged weapon aiming is needlessly complicated and imprecise. Melee auto targeting is not intelligent.Items sometimes bug out, in particular the lantern would sometimes stop generating light, requiring a save reload.Some quests aren't clear at first because there is no explanation.Beacons are hard to distinguish between colors. Map navigation is not particularly straightforward.Menu is overly verbose. Too many button presses to get a game loaded and running.Third person camera is one of the worst I have ever seen. You will have a difficult time trying to wrangle it to see what's going on, especially in tightly confined spaces. Which you will encounter if you explore the extensive caves and caverns for treasure chests.Overall: Recommend if you love Lego and / or Minecraft style sandbox gameplay. This is a very casual building and create-your-own adventure game. The building tools are solid and the adventure stuff is cute but not polished."
76561198071797713,Recommended,332310,30439053,Posted: 10 March,all,lazaro_30000,"Got this game for my 5 year old boy, and he is enjoying it so much.   He already unlocked all tools through progression, which was kinda quick. I would have thought it would have taken longer.   I helped him and tried it out myself,  yet so far his been glued to the game over an hour just going to different worlds and unlocking materials.  The game looks very well, i enjoy the part that it goes with the master-builder goal.  I am looking forward to addons and mods in the future for this game.   My kid is 5 and he was able to get the hang of it,  he doesnt read, so maybe they should have added voice to the characters instead of having me read it for him.   Still with little assistance he is able to get the main features and play the game."
55233135805323566,Recommended,332310,30449971,Posted: 11 March,all,Epoch,"PLEASE MAKE THE NINTENDO SWITCH VERSION!!! Please I don't want to wait until October or something. :( Plus I mean, you're going to have a lot of bored Switch owners in a month, so please consider putting it out early or something? :/(Oh and my playtime has nothing to do with how long I've played this, since I share it with my other Steam account and also play the PS4 version.)So far it seems to me like there are 3 types of people who play this game:(1) Whiny cranky ""back in my day!"" grandparents who whine because it's not the same as the Early Access release and has quests now (oh no scary!),(2) those weirdos who say they've been web developers for 40 years(!) but somehow this game bested them and they can't figure it out (put some more effort into having fun?),(3) people who accept this game is a trainwreck but a very beautiful one, like alpha Minecraft back in its day, except LEGOs and a now no longer Early Access game.I think the quests are wonderful because they turn what was a completely totally aimless game into something fun with a bit of a plot, making it satisfy a middle ground between LEGO Far Cry and just having a blah 3D paint program that dumps you in and says ""do something interesting!"" The characters are neat, the voiceover is beautiful, and it's not a frigging bait and switch if it was in Early Access you morons, the advisories for those games are pretty clear that games might change drastically on release!! XD If the dev didn't promise something explicitly you have no ground to stand on, and if they DID promise something explicitly... um, you still have no ground to stand on. 'Cause it's Early Access.(Besides, wasn't it kinda obvious the game would have quests? It's not unusual to release the engine bare-bones in EA and then fill it in with story time later.)The creative tools are just plain amazing to me, by the way. The controls for the game are a hot mess until you get used to them, and then there's this ""OHHH I GET IT"" moment and suddenly it becomes obvious that you're using a really well-constructed 3D modeling program that's so easy and can do so much that it makes Google SketchUp look like calculus. Seriously, if it had a few more shaping tools for landscapes and things, I'd buy it for like $150 (read: ask parents for it) on the overpriced Apps section of Steam. Any devs listening? :) I'd seriously love a professional program that made 3D art half as intuitive as this does, it's better than Minecraft (and far less tedious since you don't have to put each block individually).I'm sorry that the game is so impenetrable to so many, and seems like a lie to others, but you're getting a charming little sandbox game and stellar 3D art tools if you can stick with it long enough to enjoy them. If you could get through Survival mode in Minecraft without having to read a tutorial or otherwise see someone else doing it first, just alone by intuition, then you'll be fine. It's rough, like the first time you picked up LEGO bricks as a child and wondered perhaps what the heck to do with them, but once you get over the dauntingness it's very easy and fun and completely worth the initial expense of effort and money.Hope this helped, if anyone reads it. :)(But seriously devs, if anyone from the development companies reads this, please please PLEASE put your efforts into getting the Switch version out! This game *screams* ""make me portableeee!"" and the Switch would provide a good no-compromises path for doing it that the 3DS/Vita/smartphones wouldn't. I'm a little annoyed because everyone had access to the Switch development tools before it came out, otherwise there'd be no third-party games at all, but the LEGO games for it are only announced as ""some distant time in the future"". It's making me seriously consider getting a GPD Win just for this so that I can play it while walking around or in the car or things. Switch version soon, please? :/)"
76561198234571772,Recommended,332310,29273380,Posted: 15 January,all,bobman39,"Lego Worlds is a fantastic game about building, discovering and just messing about with what ever you want.Pros:- Massive open world- Everything is Lego- Wide range of characters- Wide range of collectables (Swords, camaras, guns, etc)- Wide range of vehicles (moterbikes, 4x4s, buggys, etc)- You can use a terraforming tool to mould the world to what you want it to be (raise or lower ground- Every thing you build with is a Lego brick-Early access supporters get something free when Lego Worlds is fully released in Febuary 2017-  Cheaper in early accessCons:- You sometimes fall through the ground- NPC characters are sometimes unresponsive if you give them an item- Can get boring after discovering everything- No cross-platform support planned- The game will be completely different on release"
,Recommended,332310,17236429,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,DAYVIS2NIVERSE GAMING AND REVIEW,"Well that was an interesting two hours. I'm Dayvis2 and today I will be reviewing LEGO Worlds!OK, so, LEGO Worlds is one of the latest games in the popular LEGO franchiase. Being a LEGO lover and having done a few reviews on them beforehand, I knew that I should buy the next game while it was fairly cheap on Early Access. As the game loaded up, an epic fanfare began, and a LEGO minifigure of an old explorer was waving at me beside a LEGO model of the world I would be playing in. I named the world, then found the same minifigure skydiving down into a Minecraft like world made of blocks. I landed with a thud, then saw that I was in a forest. Soon I was riding horses, meeting a Dinosaur expert and even battling the undead. Having played Minecraft since Feburary 2013, it was strange to see the same kind of gameplay in LEGO style. Like Minecraft, LEGO Worlds has biomes like forests, mesas, oceans and even some based off LEGO sets. For instance, after about fourty five minutes of play I was exploring a "" Spooky Woods"" biome that seemed to be based off the Monster Hunters LEGO brand. In the woods I met a Minotaur and tried to unlock it as a buyable character by killing it ( as anything you kill, ride, break or enter becomes available to be bought with studs that you get for destroying, as like the other LEGO games), but during the battle I accidentally hit an unsuspecting vampire that then chased after me. Minotaurs are easy to kill, but vampires are quicker and deadly, so I ran. I quickly scaled a tree by walking up to it, then used the smooth camera rotation to check on the vampire and Minotaur's progress. They were still at the bottom of the tree, but soon skeletons, werewolves and dragon wizards had me surrounded. In a break for freedom, I summoned by trusted steed, Edmund, a horse I had bought from the store, jumped onto his back and made him leap from the top of the tree while I clung on. Edmund was much faster than the monsters, and I escaped as the sun rose and the creatures were forced to go into hiding until night. Later, after performing a few tricks by riding a motorcycle around a valley and making it fly into the sky, I met a dragon master, who told me of a volcano that had a  dragon at the centre of it. I quickly discarded my motorcycle for good old fashioned Edmund, and followed the map over to the volcano. There I found the dragon, but before I slayed it I decided to fly around on it for a bit. As I flew, I saw a group of minifigures stood on the ground far below me - the figures were the dragon masters, and they had staffs that were shooting spells at the dragon. Now I was trapped high in the sky on a dragon that was being shot at by dark wizards. Then I realised - the dragon was innocent, it was the wizards that were evil. I let the dragon go full Smaug style, and it flew down towards the figures. I held on for dear life as the dragon shot fire from its mouth. The wizards scattered, and the dragon only killed one of them, but by the looks of things they wouldn't be harming the dragon anymore. I jumped off the dragon, and was surprised to see I had unlocked it without having to kill it. I left it in peace. I also built a huge castle and accidently created a hill by spamming a button. Anyway, LEGO Worlds has been good so far, and it hasn't been glitchy ( like LEGO Jurassic World, still♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about that!) I may update this log, so check back for more soon, but don't just wait until then, buy the game and have your own epic adventures!-Dayvis2, signing out, 26/7/15, or 7/26/15 if you're American."
76561198098101700,Recommended,332310,17237018,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Quintus Massilus,This game allows me to go back to my childhood.
76561198059926326,Recommended,332310,17237234,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Dead Tom,I love this game it is so much fun! I like the open world that I love A LOT! my only problem is that the game crashes on me sometimes! I try the lowest setting and it still does it! But other then that I love this game! it is the best lego game yet!
,Recommended,332310,17237783,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,ezko,"A realy nice game, To few bricks, But fun."
,Recommended,332310,17239200,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,DaniTGW,"I love legos, always have, but all the lego games that are coming out always miss the whole point of legos, and that is to have fun and be creative! This game hits that head on!! there are no silly 2d backrounds, non-interactable items, and its all made of legos!! This game is by far the best lego game i have ever played and hope it grows bigger with newer and better content. and more lego peices to buidlw ith like gears. 8/10"
,Recommended,332310,17240469,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,BlindSide,"When I played this the first time. I had a super good time because theres sooo much to do, you can build,fight,ride mounts, on water,land, and air. You can change charaters, and do a lot more that I have'nt fount yet.Over all its a really good game in the 83 minutes that ive played it. I advise you to get this game even with the big price and love it."
76561198038988524,Recommended,332310,17240886,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Flintsen,"i think you should only buy this if you love discovering worlds and islands, if you're not so pleased with that i would not recommend this game for you but if you like exploring then this is a good game for you."
76561198120827487,Recommended,332310,17240930,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,HooseUrDaddy,"I personally loved this game. Lots of exploration, and great items you could use.  It's really fun for younger kids and adults, so basically all ages. I really recommend this game. It is early access so it is a bit buggy, but there working on fixing it. Really, you should get this game."
,Recommended,332310,17002597,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Protos Heis,"Fun. Period. And its LEGO. 'nuff said.Run around, collect stuff, BUILD stuff. Its like having that infinite supply of LEGO blocks you always wanted as a kid. Just without those plastic bricks in your hand... But that aside... Imagination keeps our minds at play."
76561198033849316,Recommended,332310,17002812,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Whoopsie,"The game has a long, and I mean long way to go in terms of over-all stability, maneuvering, and camera functions to name the big ones. There are some patchy LOD bits on occasion, the general feel of it is not all there, but after having said all of that --This game is a resounding ""Buy"" for any LEGO fan, or Minecraft player looking for that new twist on something already familiar.Even in its current bare-bones state, this is a fantastic, and incredibly fun building game. If I had to rate the game in its current state, I'd still give this game a 7/10 hands down.I can easily see this being my favorite builder/sandbox game very soon, when it is completed I will probably never get bored of it. I got it today and already logged 4 hours. Buy LEGO Worlds!Remember, Resident Evil games had the worst controls in history, we still loved them to death (har har), give it a chance!"
76561198197327873,Recommended,332310,17003570,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Odin,"Pretty good game, a decent amount of content and great for a creative mind. Though its not optimized very well and its controls are kinda awkward. In the end, id say its worth the cheap price."
76561198200006962,Recommended,332310,17004652,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,thepixelperson1,I love this game for 5 reasons1.it is fun2.its full of exploring3.it has a lot of things4.cool5.cheap
76561198150005048,Recommended,332310,17005167,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Dio King of Scots,this game is awesome. I played it and I think the game is worth buying with the price it comes with. I love that you can ride dragons and stuff but can you make an update where you can find a medival town or western town in a certain biome?
,Recommended,332310,17007602,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,DarkDragon100,"HELP! when i started the game i dropped on an island and all the usual stuff when starting lego worlds (watched some youtube about it)  my stupid laptop overheated and every time i try to play when i skydive and land it shows save file 1 Corrupt save file 2 empty save file 3 empty and save file 4 emptyand i cant move my mouse or anything. its not just freezing because the hearts still move and waves still move etc etc. i tried clicking ""delete local contest on the Library page but its NOT working (yet) i think it might be because it is downloading the save data from steam cloud. Next question: How do I get rid of the steam cloud data on a specific game?The game is AWESOME,really like it (i did have some time to play it (made a mini Yoshi statue,found a gun,a king,a ""Burnard""(xD) and some other stuff)THANKS IN ADVANCE FOR THE HELP. I posted this here because most devs that have new games look up on reviews but i will also copy the upper part to a forum in case noone replies (sorry for bad spelling i'm not english) so Thanks!"
,Recommended,332310,16378666,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,RadaghastZ,Best game.... But when i change computer all my item that i had found are gone... please help me thnx :)
76561198192200333,Recommended,332310,17012078,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,SoulManatee,"This is a great game already, but some more content would make it a lot better. Here are some of my ideas:(A) Spawnable natural disasters, for extra destruction:-Hurricanes-Tornadoes-Tsunami-Fire whirls-Earthquake-Water spout-Thunderstorm-Acid rain-Meteor strike-Snow storm (covers everthing in white bricks)-Sand storm (covers everything in tan bricks)-Volcano eruptions (covers everthing in lava/gray bricks)(B) Harder to beat enemies/zombie apocalypses at night(C) Space:-Planets with gravity-Unique elements-Alien enemies-Spaceships and vehicles from Galaxy Squad/Alien Conquest(D) Crafting items (like in the Hobbit video game):-Materials found in chests, big chests (rare materials), and cave networks, or randomly underground-Weapon crafting (design it out of pieces)-Make your own vehicle out of parts found on other vehicles/in scrap yards-Custom weapons/vehicles can be saved into your inventory to be used again without rebuilding-Weapons can be colored-Weapons can be given special properties like explosion/frost/fire/lightning/fire rate/slicing(E) Bosses/new monsters/dungeons:-Ice dragon-Giant/troll-Quests-Followers-Special castles-Underground lairs(F) Armor that gives special defence/powers(G) NO SKELETON NOISES!!!(H) Towns and cities (with people)/more premade things(I) Mechanics (lasers/teleporters/portal gun)(J) More vehicles:-Jets-Hot air balloons-Tanks-Hovercrafts-Speedboats-Sports cars-Military helecopters-F1 cars(K) More animals:-Sharks-Chickens-Cats/lions-Elephants-Giraffes-Birds-Unicorn-Griffin(L) Being able to go underwater:-Underwater biomes-Seaweed/coral materials-Diving suit-Shipwrecks-Underwater chests(M) More weapons (freeze ray/flamethrower)(N) Mod support/official mod maker(O) Dinosaurs(P) More Ninjago vehicles(Q) More lego themes (Ultra Agents, Pirates, City, etc.)(R) Custom minifig designer where you can choose the colors of the body parts and draw pixel designs on them (which would automatically be rounded by the computer)(S) Save creations that you make to use again(T) More penalty for dying (more studs lost)(U) Fix glitch where you start out with a random character every time you get into the game(V) Fix glitch with dragon not turning in the direction a fireball is shot in(W) Fix glitch where the game froze after throwing dynamite(X) Fix glitch where game froze when shooting a fireball from the dragon at water (had to restart computer)(Y) Fix glitch where hats disappear when you get into the game(Z) Fix glitch where the dragon went into walls and ground/Cole vehicle going into water and crashing the game"
76561198140452810,Recommended,332310,17012671,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,OfficerCopVevo,This game is extremely fun and a good game to mess about with. Now i know it is in early acsess but the game seems to constantly crash. Besides that the game is worth the money and if you are a fan of the lego games or even lego for that matter i would recommend buying it.
76561198117168152,Recommended,332310,17028122,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,MasterNick,"Good concept! This game reminds me of sort of like Lego Universe, Tt Games if your reading this, I got some ideas on how to make this game even BETTER! So you have two game modes, one for free roam and one story mode, sotry mode is like a lego game but just like Marvel Super Heroes you unlock stuff while doing a story and then you can use those things you got in the story mode in free roam! Also, if possible, you should do something with the Lego Dimensions toys, like put codes to put in the game and then BOOM, you have those things unlocked in your world, but it would only work in free roam of course, since that what's Lego Dimensions is about ;), but anyways just ideas, keep up the good work!!!!!"
,Recommended,332310,16689303,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,hide on bush,This is the best LEGO game you will ever play because1.ALL LEGO'S2.Open World/SandboxThe BadIt need multiplayer and it also needs to be optimizedEDIT: No more need to be optimized but where the hell is the multiplayer
76561198166616392,Recommended,332310,17031360,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,DarkSide,this game is awsom!! but can you pleas fix that when i creat a new wold it take like 2 hours? i dont know if it my computer or the game.
76561198119316296,Recommended,332310,17031950,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Sir,It is AMAZING
76561198221280248,Recommended,332310,17032259,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,jim011272,"The game is fantastic, fun, and creative though in sets you should add actual lego sets like from star wars lego, chema, the lego moviethings like that, also on the top right corner put a map of the world so you wouldn't get lost so easly, there are problems when you put in alredy been made bildings or landscapes after a while it stops working. This is a big one having to buy the skins, items, and creatures. WE ARE KIDS! We dont want to go around to find the things and have to buy the with lego money, give them to us to use and we will just have fun, other creating game give us them in creative. Make a store mode then that wil make sence. Make fisics, if we distroy the lower part of eny thing the rest should calaps. Make a work shope to get others wolds, mods made, or the can make storys for us to play. I Know it is an early access game but here are some ideas for you to tinker with, just to note the is very good like some of the plan your going with this and I hope the creaters will see this. have a good day."
76561198091120307,Recommended,332310,16127509,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,AstroGiuseppe,Reminds me of Lego Universe. This game is so much fun! Best open world building game ever!!!
,Recommended,332310,17034490,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Hank Hill,This is a really fun game it made me feel like a kid again.
,Recommended,332310,17035947,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,BubbleDuck,Good game. Unlike MineCraft the world is lively minifigs everywhere. You can build your own sutff but you can pick from premade objects. The only bad thing is that its all third person
,Recommended,332310,17044802,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,lukkan99,i have a blast playing this. fun to explore. fun to build and when mulitplayer comes i will glued to my pc. this game proves that you never get too old for lego.
76561198140832110,Recommended,332310,17048902,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Gwyn's First Born,awesome and amazing but i wish it was also avalible on Mac OSX
,Recommended,332310,17050648,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,AdventChild475,Well here is the game if you like to build in a minecraft world great much more kinds of blocks/legos can build more amazing looking stuff in this than minecraft. Difference being that minecraft has an actual survival aspect to it this does not  nore does it have an unground system like minecraft. Lego worlds for right now is just a world with a very small underground tunnel enemies that arent really a threat. Basically its a builders game. Great for what it is right now but not worth 15$ as of yet. Definetly needs some survival spect to it and not just free block building all over. Maybe create some different modes survival mode and build mode. right now all it is is build mode.
76561197965285141,Recommended,332310,17292763,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Frizzank,Great start cant wait for more
,Recommended,332310,17292891,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Harry,i cant play it on windows 10! but still great game
,Recommended,332310,17293377,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,can_o_crazy,"Its just like building with legos like how we all did as kids, there are a few issues and things that I dislike such as vehicle movements and camera movement. Things i dont like is how little there is to collect compared to what there could be, however all that being said this game has unbelieveable potential and with mods coming soon there is so much to get excited about. This game is DEFINATLY worth your money!"
,Recommended,332310,17297780,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,ピンクの子猫,Just brilliant. Nothing else can be said...
,Recommended,332310,16996347,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,alex,"MethodPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Grease cookie sheets or line with parchment paper.Sift the flour and baking soda into a bowl, then add the salt and set aside.In a bowl, mix together the melted butter, brown sugar and white sugar thoroughly.Beat in the vanilla, egg, and egg yolk until light and creamy. Then mix in the reserved sifted ingredients until mixed.Stir in the chocolate chips by hand using a wooden spoon.Pour 1/4 of the cookie dough at a time onto the prepared greased sheets. The cookies should be about 3 inches apart.Bake for 15 to 17 minutes in the preheated oven, or until the edges are lightly toasted. Cool on baking sheets for a few minutes before transferring to wire racks to cool completely."
76561198182286469,Not Recommended,332310,17147921,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Squirrely Assassin,it sucks wast of my money i wish i got give it back and get my money back
,Recommended,332310,17151031,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Toast,Get to ride ostriches. 10/10
,Recommended,332310,17154520,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Veikko,Cool Game :)
76561198169816402,Recommended,332310,17155149,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Vlahe015,"what should i do when i play it it says choose play 1,2,3 or 4 and then it stops"
76561197962890676,Recommended,332310,17102339,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,roysik,My 5 year old loves this game... however it freezes all the time... i think my comuter overheats.. and it always happens when he summons a small sworm of monkies.
76561198139579255,Recommended,332310,17102734,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,123wyrm,"ten hours of game play, i really liked it. I wish if all the other lego game were dynamic like this one"
,Recommended,332310,17106356,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,RealityJake,"Ok 1st the new update has a problem with windows 8,1st it will not go full screen 2nd only the intro apears before going compete black on my laptop so i had to hit the windows home button 2 times please fix this!i really like this game!"
,Not Recommended,332310,17107518,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,yonatan.gilad1,do not! it counts to 10 hours but i played 2 hours. lot of bugs
,Recommended,332310,16934577,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,ToastWings,"You can blow stuff up in this game10/10(Also, optimization is fixed. No more hitching!)"
76561198203900151,Recommended,332310,17085976,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,FaZe L3D,"I like this game it is fun, exciting and extremely adventurous i love finding stuff and going to different places i think nothing really should change only some bugs and that's it but i do hope when the full version comes out there is a map and a clock and new weapons and maybe a shop or Shops and also questing battling stuff health bar and bosses and of course enemies and maybe add pets and allies for questing and of course main and side quests if they decide to add questing and villages that are clear and flat grounded with lots of houses and maybe addons to the game and more creatures and characters and props and new lanscapes and maybe stuff from different LEGO games and Toys like Different Series like LEGO star wars (Maybe add space to the game) LEGO Ninjago LEGO Chima etc and of course add as much Minifigures as possible and that would make this game the greatest game of all time (Also please make it easier to build stuff like put blocks exactly aside the other)My Rating of this game is a 10/10 Popular Youtubers love it! It's a must get! I think it's Amazing!"
76561198126176655,Recommended,332310,17087419,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,(z) zombie_123,this game is amazing but they should add stuff under water and creature and natrual disasters
76561198230070304,Recommended,332310,17089976,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Jacktolaugh,its a fun game playing it for 3 days now and can't stop playing only some blocks are missing like the round blocks and i hope there come more lego sets to build but really its whorth the money.
,Recommended,332310,17092059,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,juicyjust,Best game ever to wiyh the kids.Discovering is so much fun!!
,Recommended,332310,16482348,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Titanicd101,"For an Early Access game this one is quite good. The only thing about it is that it need more stuff to find, I believe 17 is the most the game has (correct me if I'm wrong), which they have so much they can add. Also the game is pretty laggy for older computer which is understandable. The game is great for a computer game, unlike the console lego games this one is extraordinary better (just saying). If I had a choice to recommend a game this would be one of them! GJ to Tt Games and Warner Bros!"
,Recommended,332310,17097077,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Slash,glich report some how my save gotcorupted and its says chose new slot but i cant move the mouse.
,Recommended,332310,19549530,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,PowerPlay,THE BEST GAME IN THE HISTORY OF HISTORY 10/10 WOULD PLAY LOTS MORE BECAUSE THERE IS NO END
76561198166587144,Recommended,332310,19681171,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,allinall700,Amazing I could not sstop playing this game.
,Recommended,332310,19728451,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,trenchback,"It's never going to be the 'minecraft killer lego game' everyone has been wanting, nor will it ever be 'TEH BEST LEGO GAEM EVER MADE!!11!!!!!' but it's ok as a sort of supplimental thing for the Lego Digital Designer program.Don't get your hopes up."
76561198048880687,Recommended,332310,19654505,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,chess_guy007,"Simply great fun! I have had so much fun in this game; generating worlds then exploring them. The game is a bit similar to Minecraft --- a world is generated then your character can visit that world, or generate another world to visit. As your character moves through the world their are lego items to discover, and NPCs walking around. There are also animals.Unlike Minecraft however, the standard building blocks are avaliable to use pretty much anytime. Built whatever you want. The main points of this game are: exploring, finding new sets/items/characters and building. As you spend tim,e playing the game you find more items/characters/vehicles, etc.  This is very much an open world ""game""; there is not a story, no quests, etc -- simply wonder about, do what you want and find stuff. The landscape can be edited (by adding or removing legos) as mostly everything is a lego piece.Why is this fun?Because its a lego open world!! Do what you want!Want to destory everything and build your own world, piece by piece ? you can do that. Perhaps its best for me to share what I did in game.I started the game, generated a world, chose a lego figure and arrived there. I walked around, saw some lego people and punched them. After taking away all their health, a few of them game me their clothes (i.e. lego body, hat, etc). I continued to wonder around and eventually discovered a sports car. The thing is fast and drives over just about anything.I saved my progress.The next time I started, I loaded the same world, explored a bit, and discovered a sheep. When your character gets near certain items (plants, vehicles, animals etc) your character discovers that item. The item can then be purchased later (with studs) although some items can be built for free after they are discovered.After finding the sheep, I bought it. Anything bought then appears near your character. The sheep appeared near me and started running. I chased the sheep down and was able to ride it. I laughed out loud as I rode my superfast sheep over hills and all around the generated island!From time to time you enmcounter animals and people who want something. For example, a horse I found generated a though bubble with a picture of an apple in it. The horse never let me ride it. A few weeks later, in a different world, I discoivered some horses near an apple tree. Punching things can destory them so I punched the tree. A few apples appears on the ground after the tree was destroyed. I gave an apple to a horse that wanted it, and now I can ride that horse! Any items you get in any world can be used in any other world --  just be sure to save your game after you get items.Over time I found a front loader, airplane, helicopter, etc.  The front loader is a lot of fun because the front sholver can be lowered. Upon driving forward the front shovel cuts into the ground. Upon driving into a mountain, the shovel will cut a tunnel in the mountain ---  I spent lots of time driving aroung cutting out various tunnels.This game is a lot of fun! Explore, build, use your imagination!!  A++"
,Recommended,332310,16872314,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,lachlank,ryan
,Recommended,332310,19666029,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Jaximus Maximus,"Haven't played it too much yet, but so far it's great!"
76561198134746626,Recommended,332310,19682824,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,winerlot,"loved it so much until it stopped working. I loved it so much, and would reccommend it to anyone, but then it stopped working for me for some reason. Worked perfectly at first, then failed to open. The problem is Steam, not the game though.  When I click ""play"" it says ""preparing to launch Lego Worlds"" then just closes and never opens.....Other than that, this is a must-play game. I love it so much, there is so much to do! You can build anything, discover so many things, and so much more! This is an interactive game that teached you certain things, including somethings that animals would eat when it comes to taming certain animals.... It is interactive, fun, and in ways educational. I had a hard time convincing people to let me get it, but when I managed to, it was worth it. You can be a vampire, mage, zombie, skeleton, mummy, surfer, mechanic, explorer, pirate, zombie pirate, a bat (transformation of the vampire), a girl, a boy, a man, a woman, and more."
76561198200621742,Recommended,332310,19682203,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,CoinMouse10,this game can provide hours of fun lego games and building awesome     well     things is the best part
,Recommended,332310,19639542,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Jōkyō,"Yes, 10/10, Wrecks everything in sight"
76561198212246119,Recommended,332310,19666321,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,antione,I love this game it reminds me of a game I tried for many years to play was lego creator. Great game for the kids to if you like mine craft yull dig this game only thing I wish it had online play
,Recommended,332310,16150511,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Spliceddaddy,"We've only just begun!Found an evil wizard, beat him up and then became him.Then became a skeleton, cooked a sausage on the barbeque, drove a steam roller into lava, tried to ride a dragon, fell into the lava. Became a motorcycle mechanic.Everything is Awesome!Please see my comments fpr updates!"
,Recommended,332310,30577896,Posted: 17 March,all,GlimmerGrey,"Love it. I enjoyed it when it was still in Early Access, but wandered off as it was a tad dull. Not any more, oh no. I can't wait to see what happens next. Quests are fun, if strange, and finding hidden stuff is a joy. Now if they'd only start adding some of the movie tie-in games as DLC...My only regret? Wish I'd done a few of the competition builds during Early Access now."
,Recommended,332310,20055933,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,This Is Me,"I should be updating this as the Early Access progresses. Last update 12/30/15.1st Update: After putting in some additional hours, I've decided to go ahead and recomend the game. Finding chests has proven to be addictive, and I learned that you can unlock additional player characters. The controls on a PS4 controller seem to work well, though there are a few fatal flaws: 1 nothing is configurable, 2 there isn't a button to open the map (!!!), and 3 there is no way to browse your inventory (!!!). Keep a mouse handy. The UI is still awful.The World generation is still very wrong at times, lots of floating elements and the like. I've encountered chests inside caves (some of the worst things when it comes to generation) that were only accessible by eagle. However, the game deserves positive marks for the fact that I flew an eagle into that cave to begin with.First Review: As the game currently stands, I do not reccomend it. The controls are terrible (both on a gamepad and with mouse/kb). The world can be extremely wonky at times with how it generates, so getting stuck is fairly normal. There really isn't anything to do at the moment other than wander around, although some of the lego sculptures are impressive enough to make one want to do this.The graphics, prefab models, and theme song are all fantastic. I'm excited to see where this goes, but right now it's not great."
76561198133862331,Recommended,332310,20131859,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,That Person,uhh...                                                                                                             ...get teh dragon ASAP [as soon as posible]
,Recommended,332310,20140702,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Prima,"Good game, but every now and then I just randomly can't move, I will have no control over my character or anythingand if you wait for about 20 seconds, you can suddenly move again, also its annoying having to hold right click to move the camera, but a part from that a cool game :)"
76561198138691719,Recommended,332310,20110204,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,* Jay *,Normally I would hardly play a lego based game but this one is a bit different as it is a sandbox lego game where the limit is your imagination.
76561198078512829,Recommended,332310,20228705,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Paddy,"A great game that deserves all the support it gets. With the new addition of split screen multiplayer and more upcoming updates and already a great deal of content. This game deserbes atleast a look and, despite what it seems, this game is very different from games like minecraft and focuses more on the adventure and creating things like towns and buildings. Great for everyone!9/10"
76561198203049033,Recommended,332310,17864242,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Smiley,"Since its in early acess its got MAJOR updates, but if u have an 8GB or less, my adivice is go to settings  and set graphics to very low. Its fine, u can still enjoy the game. Its a GREAT GAME and i would recommend it to the adventurers and the city builders and ALL THE LEGO PEOPLE OF THE WORLD!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,332310,16263462,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,LEDWORKS,"This game has amazing potential, but at present there are a few issues that need resolving...Not able to rename or delete a world or character.Not able to run in borderless mode. (crucial when using multiple monitors)Also the game is forcing Windows into basic mode, kinda anoying.Most importantly we need some progression... Goals to build towards.Providing these issues are resolved, this could become a great game."
76561198173912258,Recommended,332310,20186792,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,monsters knife juice 2006,tää on tosi hyvä peli
,Recommended,332310,16777127,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Dotdotdot,Great concept.
76561198198152587,Recommended,332310,16780426,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,kathy,YOU SHOULD ADD DINOSOURS TO RIDE!!!
76561198160917515,Recommended,332310,16781171,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Thylacine,It is a good game especially if you are a minecraft lover Personally i think it is much better and sne it is in early access I think the game will go very far. :)
,Recommended,332310,16781630,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Lewis,"Of course it still needs work, but it's got huge potential. I hope to be able to use all those features, characters and objects from the LEGO games inside Lego Worlds."
76561198089167462,Recommended,332310,16782254,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,GreenMan,"its an open world game its fun, but its limited at the moment, needs work, but right now great game!"
76561198046657151,Recommended,332310,16784431,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,[GOV] Grant the Potato King,BEST GAME EVER! LET IT MOLEST YOUR WALLET!
76561198154679631,Recommended,332310,16785180,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,jordancahill69,THIS GAME IS AWESOME. I suck at building with the bricks though.
,Recommended,332310,16998968,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,DelMurice,"It's fun to explore and build, but I hope the finished game has a campaign mode.   I want to do quests and level up.   I do like that different lego characters have ""powers""  like the wizard can shoot fireballs. I think it's a great start and while I don't want it to be like any other lego game, I think it needs a bit more than exploring and building."
76561198098822105,Recommended,332310,17000378,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,{[LFG]}SudaKnight,Its Really Good And I Like It And I LOVE Lego Games but The Thing I Dislike is that they do have cheats but it doesnt bother me too much!
76561198115042926,Recommended,332310,18243301,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Zephrano,"I LOVE the whole exploration part of the game, although I think it was the 2nd update, to where you had to find a certain prop (apple, blunderbuss, etc.) to actually get something like a horse for a king minifigure. So along with that, I think they upped the rarity (in my opinion) of treasure chests to make it harder to find the prop needed. (plus its REALLY hard on the grashics card)"
,Recommended,332310,18255201,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,ShaneTDS,its a great game but one flaw they have to add an workshop
,Recommended,332310,18249491,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,jaderade,"This is so fun. It needs a LOT of tweaking and work before it's ready, but it's pretty great.I hope they had some type of tutorial or something. It takes forever to figure out how to play, and naviagation is really difficult. I can't figure out what the light beams repressent, and it's almost impossible to find your way back to where you were or where you wanted to go back to. Breaking things down is still a mytery to me for the most part.Despite that it's really all the fun of  real life lego, except really that you don't physically have them in your hands and can't smash them when you're done. Endless possibilities."
,Recommended,332310,18191612,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Captain Crazy,A Very nice game very well done and is a major improvement and major alternative to minecraft Minecraft is terrible and this is a much better game compared to it :) and not to mention they are talking about multiplayer I fully recommend this game for those who like games such as robocraft and minecraft
,Recommended,332310,18187938,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,ejx,needs multiplayer so i can play with my imaginary girlfriend. 9/9
,Recommended,332310,18195708,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Sadofgames,"I LOVE legos, so i knew this game was for me but i do have a problem, how you have to have certain items to get certain charecters, i understand the animals like the horse, bear,ETC. but WHY the people? ""hey i have a rifle, lets be friends?"" is that how it works? but besides that this game is great, except the camera and the aim, and sometimes it lags SO much."
,Recommended,332310,18255748,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,RamblingThomas,Minecraft copied Lego and now Lego is back for revenge!If you like hearing the same unlocking sound 20 times in a row in the space of 2 minutes you will love this game.Seriously though I am looking forward to when this game is finished.
,Recommended,332310,16935146,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Orgcon,BEST MORROWIND EMULATOR 2015!!!!11/10http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=477337665
,Recommended,332310,18091450,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Ch33ki B3nis,"My Mind has made a huge turnAt first trying to play this game with mouse and keyboard it was VERY frustrating. But you see... there is a magial thing known as a plug and play XBOX controller. Such a device made this game at least x1,000,000,000 over better for me to play this game.VALVE PLEASE NERF"
76561198043253454,Recommended,332310,18107301,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,D.clements1991,"The game started out with issues that made it, unplayable. But, early access so that comment is kind of invalid...A few months after purchasing what I saw as a terrible and simply unplayable game have shown some incredible levels of improvement and development you can clearly see with each update. It no longer lags...as much...The content in the game seems to be getting better and better and the more they patch and fix things up the more things you find yourself able to do.the world is endless, you are dropped in some random, procedurally generated area on a map that no one on the planet has ever seen before. (well, the content is familiar. But you catch my drift) You'll walk around and make discoveries all the time. So many in fact. That it will start to get annoying -_-You can build, wherever you want, dig (when you have the tools) make a house? Decorate it? Even interact with the furniture inside!You can kill everything, make friends and the more you disocover the more options become available to you.The game still lags here and there and you'll still encounter some nasty bugs. But as a whole? this game has more than just a bit of potential! It has the means to be something incredible.As a side note though, tone down on the discoveries a little, I don't want to go through a 5 second cut scene every time I discover something new. Maybe something a bit more subtle?"
,Recommended,332310,18107473,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,West,"Surprisingly good, although therre is not the MC feeling"
,Recommended,332310,17102103,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Behrad,"Great Game. It is like Garry's Mod, Minecraft,and Lego Combined together. 10/10"
76561198137377840,Recommended,332310,18308533,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,The Fox,"Lego could have had a huge game here, but unless they actualy listen to the community this game will always be a poor forgotten title . Lego need to look at other games like this and see why they do so well , instead of giving us a hopeless building sytem that most kids can't use (there biggest buyer of lego products ) . Even most older players of this game complain about building system . LISTEN TO THE COMMUNITY LEGO. I would not recommend this game to anyone at this stage ."
,Recommended,332310,17761178,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,EnderVetrix,"It is like Minecraft, LEGO, Terraria, LEGO universe, RPG, Towns, LEGO Battles, and more all rolled into one... Shut up and take my money!!!10/10Keep it up!"
,Recommended,332310,17768659,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,gabe,I love the game!!!
,Recommended,332310,17671257,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Gaige the Space Pirate,"First off I just wanted to say that if you have ever wanted to be a bazooka wielding skeleton with a pet dragon, then this is most definitely the game for you.Now with that said, I love this game and I only have six hours clocked so far, but I promise you that will increase. Now keep in mind that it is still in early access so there will be bugs and at the moment there are not that many feature in place yet. But if you can deal with those two issues and you love Lego then this is the game for you.What really grabs me though, is this games potential. There is sooooo much potential in this game. Want to build that awesome castle you tried to build as a kid but couldn't because you ran out of bricks? Yeah that's not a problem here. Or how about building an underwater city? Well with the new update right around the corner that will be possible. Or how about zipping around space and docking at a space station or lunar base? Well those are not in the game yet but I can't imagine that they would ever leave that out, it may not be coming soon, but I don't doubt that it will eventually.What about when the add the ability to make custom vehicles!? Make that pew, pew ship you have always dreamt of. Or stomp around in a colossal mech while blasting hoards of skeletons and monster. Again not yet possible in game. But Lego has always been about the freedom you have when it comes to building and if they decide against that then they are terrible people. Now everything I have said here is of course speculation, but that is just the beginning!!Imagine if after it's official release they begin to add dlc packs for other Lego licenses!! How about zipping around in the Millennium Falcon as Han with Gandalf at your side while Hulk and Chewie tear up an army of Storm Troopers, Orcs, and other baddies. Or how about Indiana Jones and Spider Man exploring a deep dark ruin! Or even combining Sauron and Loki together to make an uber baddie you can use to tear up your buddies newly build fortress? Hows that sound!?Again I will say, the directions they could take this game are staggering. It already feels like I am living in my own imagination from when I was a child, but it could get even better. So, here's hoping they do Lego and all it's fan, both young and old, proud and give us a game to last years!"
,Recommended,332310,17676524,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,ltfrank,"well this is kinda strange for me to review this as i actually dont play these kind of games at all period i have not even put 1 hour into this game, but on the other hand watched an awfull lot.I bought this game for my 3 year old daughter as her 1st paid game (not an adroid freebie etc), and in her words  ""would recommendededed this to her nursery friends"" and what she likes about it is ""everything""all that i can say is that this is a very simple game and will easily keep any little ones happy (that like lego)from building a random bridge that goes nowere to aimlessly walkig around with 50 monkeys following you.with lots of udates for this game and loads of new content allways coming this is a great purchase for all ages."
,Recommended,332310,17680304,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Sernie,- get into game- everything looks nice- find a dune buggy- turns out dune buggy had one too many beers- dune buggy does double backflip off of small hill- dune buggy decides to take a swim- blows up11/10 would drive drunk buggy again
,Recommended,332310,17754574,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Führer Daddy,jumps out of a plane from like a mile up gets up and is just finegets punched 4 times and explodes into a million little pieces1111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111/10great logic-IGN 2015
,Recommended,332310,17767881,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,InfernoGems,"Great game! I love the way you can build brick by brick just like you would in real life, I would strongly recommend this to anyone who is a LEGO fan or who just wants to explorer the great world of LEGO Worlds!"
,Recommended,332310,22838665,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,OJ | Mar10,"Even though there isn't much to do yet, I still recommend the game for anyone who likes to explore and/or build maps. I love it!"
76561198045285245,Recommended,332310,22838929,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Ellipse,"Do ya' like dags? Ye? Gud, cuz there's plenty of 'em here...as many dags as there are habitable islands in this vast ocean of blue lego bricks disguised as an ocean...Last time I checked it was really empty outside the first few islands. That's probably fixed now. Oh, and my female characters kept using the default male voice, it was unnerving the first time I heard it because I clearly was not expecting that."
76561198156011140,Recommended,332310,22769307,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,robert740,Go to the store and buy 200 legos for 15$ or go on steam and buy infinite legos for 15$ so what would it be?
76561198202386830,Recommended,332310,20422572,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,xXRockyXx,This game is amazing! i cant stop playing it!!
76561198196989509,Recommended,332310,22849811,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Eternal Flame49,This is worth the money its fun theres alot to explore alot to unlock and alot to build i look forward to the updates to come
,Recommended,332310,22807031,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Barkhimkh,Noice
,Recommended,332310,17921933,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Me And Myself,"rather you grew up with legos or are a kid looking for a fun building game,this game already will amuse you.there are tools from lego that you can dl to build/swap creations in/out of game.this is a big plus! i'd hope to see multiplayer in the near future and various game modes.right now it's only single player(which i knew when buying),but i couldn't care less at the moment as there is no limit to what you can build!*5-1-16* still no multiplayer"
76561198096360499,Recommended,332310,22514426,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,MrDetectable,"The game is a lot of fun. There's alot to discover, and it's extremely fun when you get the hang of it. There's alot of bugs aswell. I had trouble manouvering through caves since my caracter kept teleporting to the surface, but that was pretty much the only real problem."
76561198156567117,Recommended,332310,22576832,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,ActionGamer14,"Awesome Game, Great Lego version of Minecraft"
76561198138492420,Recommended,332310,22609887,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,harveyjohnson605,I would recomend this game to people because its fun and i love to play it. I know it has glitches but all the glitches that i have encounterd are fun to mess around with. Over all i wiould say get the game!!!!!!!!!
76561198023274471,Recommended,332310,22598976,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Gahd,"Really not too much too this, likely best to avoid unless the price is cheap enough to waste some time."
,Recommended,332310,20460206,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Dr.██████,plz give the HIDDEN FEATURES!  as a update but we get them when we spawn
76561198295909748,Recommended,332310,22592152,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,mayan_2004,amazing gamebut needs multiplayer
,Recommended,332310,30690231,Posted: 23 March,all,rileyl2003,bought the game in early access and even  now the game has this wierd pop in effect were chunks will load right in front of your face
76561198178147081,Recommended,332310,30693544,Posted: 23 March,all,Joe From IT,GG
76561197998091190,Recommended,332310,20902770,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,blkraptor,Great game with a bunch of potential.  My only major suggestion is to implement controller mapping for both players.  Not everyone has Xbox controllers and my generic controllers don't register with this game (dispite working with others).
76561198066234912,Recommended,332310,20914841,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Dusknoir [ The reaper pokemon ],I love the game but. Sometimes the camrea angle allways centers forward when I wish to look aronudwhile flying A plane. Overall. A great game.
76561198117243293,Recommended,332310,18321748,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Buster Luster (FK),i love this game cant wait for multiplayer
76561198315982462,Recommended,332310,30509230,Posted: 14 March,all,The Emerald Pork Chop,This game is awesome and is great for Lego fans!
,Recommended,332310,20967849,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Big Boss,"Seeing that so many people like to compare this game to Minecraft, I asked my 6 year old, who has both, which he prefers, and Lego worlds wins hands down. (He really would like to adjust the position of character's hats as he can in real Lego though)"
,Recommended,332310,21149330,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,England is my RAINBOWGANG,This Game is Excellent its a good sandbox game but instead of blocks you have legos. You can use about 20-30 colors and all kinds of Lego Bricks i got this game for  $10:00 so i would sayi twas worth that. Its not to good of a game but its Prettty Decent you can build anything you want. (It Takes Paitence though)
,Recommended,332310,21141775,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,the cat dude,all i can say to truly pique anyone's interest is that you can be a minotaur and throw bananas at dogs
76561198260730931,Recommended,332310,21032810,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Pisces.Kelsey,"Pretty fun! It's a bit laggy, but it's still in development. I reccomend it for LEGO fans, and people wanting a nice, open world game."
76561198281178278,Recommended,332310,22964687,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Fragkeeper Gaming,IT'S AN AMAZING GAME THE BEST LEGO GAME EVER!
,Recommended,332310,21143724,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Mazzyon,good game plz make it co-op
,Recommended,332310,21211542,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Slithery Snake,"Good... still is in early access, but i can see this game going big"
,Recommended,332310,21145024,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Chubbychase,"It's kind of good that people are comparing this to Minecraft. Minecraft is popular, so if someone is comparing it to another game... It better be a good freaking game! xD (And yes, it is an amazing game!)"
,Recommended,332310,19952658,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,|JUGG|MPRF| Nova,like the new interface
76561197977742761,Recommended,332310,21175546,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,SableRiSE,amazing
,Recommended,332310,21200095,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Rogue,"Great game brings back memories as a child, the only thing this precious gem is missing is online servers/co-op with friends definatly recommend getting Lego Worlds!"
,Recommended,332310,19758871,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Calico Cody,Ever wanted to build some sh#t and then had to find that ONE. GOD. DANG. PIECE! somewhere in the depths of your poorly organsized box of Legos? Well that doesn't happen here. Just build bro.Also there's a procedurally generated open world.
76561198140361504,Recommended,332310,19771183,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,@The_Real_Genji,In the update 4 beta I lost everything I had in the game after I downoaded the update. :(
,Recommended,332310,19835284,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,spaceinvades,Lego as a sandbox. Amazing.
,Recommended,332310,19844830,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,GiClan | Auto,it a cool game but its very laggy
76561198062772338,Recommended,332310,19895040,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Scumboy,Needs multiplayer or just co-op.
,Recommended,332310,19891044,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Awesome Warrior,This game is awesome but every time i play i cant find the weapons characters for them
,Recommended,332310,19882989,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,derotetot,"well i can accept that this game are still in early acces and get boring quite easily if you didn't know what are you doing and just wondering around, but i have faith that this game would become a good game, and playing this and building make me feel when i was still 10 years old, that everything is possible and i hope they add more blocks and windows or a tank or bassicaly a vehicle that i could make, that would be really-really awesome"
76561198245501184,Recommended,332310,19913122,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,lCrossedOutl,"lego worlds is (to me) another take on minecraft, just very differently. for early access it has quite a few things that are missing or still being fixed but then again, its early access so it makes sense(my reviews dont make sense)currently the game has 2 player coop( doesnt work but im pretty sure they're fixing it.)i havent been able to use it but i can say it can be a lot of fun to play this with a friend or sibling.it is still missing things and i hope they add stuff so its not just an always creative mode type of game, but for now i will recomend that you either buy it, or keep it in your following list.8/10would dig a very deep hole again"
,Recommended,332310,19937221,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,indig0F10w,"Great game for people of all ages. If you play with children you don't even have to kill monsters, you can say hello to them and they become friends. Nothing attacks you if you don't attack first. The world customization tools are great and you can build whatever you imagine. You can ride horses, drive cars, skydive, collect fruit and feed animals, you can enter houses and of course spread some mayhem in very nice random worlds. And much, much more. The graphics are fenomenal."
,Recommended,332310,19919116,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,EpicGroover,I felt this was kinda boring at first then i decided to actually build somthing10/10 would build block house again
,Recommended,332310,16356817,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Fonzie,this is the best game ever and is 100% a minecraft killler.
,Recommended,332310,16356437,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,EdSkyMéÏstér =DDD,Its a good lego game where you build lego inside a lego world with lego.     Lego/Lego Lego
76561198170667858,Recommended,332310,16358703,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,nat.higg,This game is the best sandbox app I have ever seen. You can build either stuff that is set for you or your own things brick by brick. Also unlike other sanbox based games you have a gigantic open world to explore. 10/10
,Recommended,332310,16359696,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Sam,"I reccomend this game, so get it now before the price rises. However it's REALLY buggy right now."
76561198232812444,Recommended,332310,16360148,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,peanutnf,"This game is awsome and I really like it, but there's one thing I would like to see in the upcoming versions:-Map/CompassI would really like to see this so I don't get lost on the island and so I know what is left to exploreOther than that, this game has a very good exploring aspect. The collecting aspect isn't grindy at all and it dosen't make the game boring. Can't wait to see the multiplayer feature added!Keep up the good work lego!"
76561198093957990,Recommended,332310,16232942,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Nova715,"Gotten sick of Minecraft? Need a new game centred around Exploring and building in everybodies favorate blocks? (No not Minecraft) then get LEGO Worlds, it may be Early Access but it is so much fun, and its bound to get even better as the game gets more updates and more content added into it.-Got to ride on the back of a Dragon... SO MUCH FUN!!! Would do it again 11/10 ;)"
76561198066819322,Recommended,332310,16265928,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Ath'ris,flat out good game
76561198113372199,Recommended,332310,16265966,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,MTRX TACTICAL,I absolutly love the game. The only issue I have with the game is that we need custon vehicals and every brick in the lego brick colection.
76561198066857029,Recommended,332310,16266247,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,UGUgaming,"Surprisingly fun and quickly addicting if you enjoy building, add some multi-player and maybe a survival mode and I'm willing to put several hundred hours into this game."
,Recommended,332310,16266322,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,decrofull,"I like driving and I like building. I don't like when the character gets stuck. I don't like when I fall into lava and die. I fix my houses. You will like this game because it is so awesome, and because I'm part of the team!"
,Recommended,332310,16266505,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,jamiekerroph,"this game is wonderfull and is really fun but a few thing NEED to be added and fixed> crafting moving blocks/vehicals, this is a must in this game like it would be cool if there was a seprate crafting section just for your own vehicals like add wings that make it fly or weels that make it drive around or evan proplelers that make it swim, just becose it is lego, i still play with legos (im 15) but the majority of my time is building awsome space ships and planes, cars, etc...> fix the building michanics, i spent like a hower trying to make a castle but it was sooo anyoing and painfull to do, for starters i cant move a brick one square (useing a controler) whithout messing with my camra angle for 2 minuts, second i wish that when u placed a block it wouldent ""decide"" for you were u want the next block to be placed this can be grinding,third its so complecated to do little things like for example deleate a block, first u switch to selector mode, hove over the block, click it, deleate it, than find the block u were using last on the list, than continue building, only if ""backspace/ undo"" worked (it doesent do anything)> online, do i evan have to explain why?> quests, this would add lots of gameplay and fun to this game> more baddys, the only hostile creatures i have ever ran across was a scellington> put a equip bar somewere on the screen plz this will make the game so mutch easyer and turn off the auto equip thing.... plz>maps /teliporters, as i said i built a castle and it turned out great but i went exploring and now i lost it :,(dont get me wrong i LOVE this game and to be fair it is only in beta, no regrets buying this game and i strongly erge people to buy it,"
,Recommended,332310,16267192,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,JenkinsTheMighty,"This game is absolutly wonderful,emersive and completly beautiful.deffinate 10/10 on this one!!!"
,Recommended,332310,16267205,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Text,"Great game. Very creative but very barren. As an Early Access game I don't expect a lot of content but due to the mediocre building mechanics in this game, I ran out of things to do rather quickly. Hoping for a lot more content and bug fixes in the near future."
,Recommended,332310,16160633,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Britishguy Sillyname,"This game needs better optimization for  directX 11 but for anybody who sees this change it to directX 9 my game went from ""dx11 8 fps lowest graphic settings dx9 medium/high settings 20-30 fps with the occasional lag spike"
,Recommended,332310,16268796,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,LOST,Great Game just that once in a while it would crash and sometimes when I would use the skydive i would be stuch in a grey area and keep losing my money because of the deaths from skydivingBut still 10/10 great game and cant wait to see further updates
,Recommended,332310,16268960,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Dennis M,"Really good game for an early release. Gameplay and graphics are great. Could use some updating though, would like to see a local map while playing so i know where some things are while underground."
76561198109914538,Recommended,332310,16269004,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,HighCaliber,"well, i really love this lego game about legos finaly but my only problom is that id like to be able to delete some worlds."
,Recommended,332310,16269485,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,OSHZAK,"I have always said LEGO should make a better game then Minecraft. They have finally made my dream come true!9/10I gave it a 9 since it's early, and the camera is horrible.We as Lego fans need to shape this into a game we will love forever. They have done a great job thus far. Now it's time for us to let them know how to finish it."
76561198025769799,Recommended,332310,16268450,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Nipple Butter,"My friends have scrutinized me for my child-like tendencies and especially for buying this game, but wait until they see all the brick genitalia I'm going to create. Once they see my greater knowledge of the male reproductive organ in Lego form they will finally know who is more mature!"
76561198057092740,Recommended,332310,16269696,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,That one guy probably,"-Built a house-grilled a hot dog on a grill-destroyed said grill-mowed over mailbox-killed a warlock and took his dragon-rode an eagle through the Misty Mountains as a mustached biker with a bazooka and a throwing fish.It was a good day. 10/10Pros: You can be a bazooka-wielding eagle-riding skeleton-slaying fish-throwing biker dude. It has all the goofiness you've come to expect from a lego game, and it's still in dvelopement. You can build anything, including props and animals you've encountered throughout your experience.Cons: There is no Workshop yet, and it's hard to build with the tools they have. Aside from messing around with random things you encounter, there isn't much to do yet. however, as it is still under development, you can expect many, many great things to come."
,Not Recommended,332310,20571288,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,DeDumChee,Great idea but very laggy and has poor building methods... Wasn't worth $15 but was entertaining for about 15 minutes...
76561198137250684,Recommended,332310,20535373,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,BonezyShiverz,"I love this game! You find lots of biomes, characters, caves, vehicles, structures, and even helicopters! This is one great game. It makes me feel young again! I love the sky diving part when you get into your world.  Plus your character can climb on trees and other stuff too! So get it while you can!"
,Recommended,332310,20515788,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Caseman27,"Lego Worlds, is where Lego, meets Minecraft, in an open world, brick adventure. Lego Worlds plays like most Lego games, but this time, it's different by being open world. This means you can really go anywhere you want, and make your own stories. You can build, fight enemies, explore, find new characters and items, swim, play co-op (Eventually), etc. I recommend Getting this game, because it's a nice break from the regular Lego formula. My only problem is, theres only so much you can do right now, because the game is in early access. There will be a lot more content, coming soon. I recommend also, getting it now, when the price is low."
,Recommended,332310,20516679,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Lord L. N. Mason of Canteburry,"This is game is an outstanding mix of exploration, construction, discovery, and exploration! Very good work, TT."
,Recommended,332310,19984101,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Emperor Norton,"This game is similar to Minecraft, building and sandbox wise that is. Infact Minecraft is essentially LEGO if you think about it. Wait they have LEGO Minecraft? BLOCK-CEPTION!!! *BWAAAAAAAH* Anyway, create your own world with actual LEGO sets or buildings\objects from the real world. Become LEGO minifigures from all the series that LEGO owns. Overall have a Nostalgic experience for old fans or new ones. This may be currently Early Access which can detour people but, this is an amazing game and well worth the cost, esspecially when the full release might be twice the Early Access cost."
76561198271807242,Recommended,332310,20560002,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,pixiesmurfette,I LOVETHE BETA ELARYS ACSEES
76561198241049796,Recommended,332310,19645474,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,joshminecraft1,This is the best game ever i love how theres a endless world and the under water world.I also love how you get to build stuff witht he legos blocks but its relly hard but i dont really care. theres 4 thing thats not right why wont you add online?This sandbox looks like big anough to fit every one in. Please add online in the near future because it will be even more fun with playing with the other players. Also please add a giant to this game and please add bosses.If you can it will be great i hope the owners are reading this and add santa because it is nearly christmas and make santa give presents and please add all of this it will be great. Thx if you do
76561198194258401,Recommended,332310,20498282,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,YOgamer,"This game may STILL be in its Alpha version, (at the time i write this review) but all in all its a really good game! :)To me, there's no other Lego game like this one. An open world, sandbox lego game is just what was needed for a while,and here it is!Pros of this game:SOOO much to explorebuilding is easy because of certain things you can automatically buildLots of stuffz to collectCharacters to findALL OF THE LEGO BRICKSCons of this game:Needs more SETS for you to buildneeds more character customizationneed to have just a LITTLE more presise building when it comes to the toolsneeds to feel a little more civilizedThis game is pretty much my dream lego game and it is AWESOME! :D"
76561198058275962,Recommended,332310,30680080,Posted: 22 March,all,Draefyre,"If you like Legos, you will love this. It's that simple.customization 10/10adventure 10/10action 10/10comedy Lego/Legogameplay 10/10quests 10/10unlocks 10/10looks Lego/Legoonline ?/10it would be nice to join random people instead of people just on your friends lists, which none of mine have the gameif you want to game with me, plz add me. (yes i just begged on a review)if you are looking for a complex game, you are wrong to go here. its smooth sailing here."
76561198123678391,Recommended,332310,20552793,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,CLAW-X,i like it. I wish it was fast at loding world but every thing is grate
,Recommended,332310,20557638,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,The Master Chief,of what i have played of it i think Lego worlds is One of The Best lego games there is. even though i have played 0.6 hrs
,Recommended,332310,20504629,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Scott750,it is good
,Recommended,332310,20729896,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,squidest,LEGOS.
,Recommended,332310,20726485,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,UnknownKnight,I love the game  very much and my younger brothers always play it. But I would like to recommend something can you add mods please
76561198119648087,Recommended,332310,20717709,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,A BeautifulBaby,"10 out 10 good game good game~""johntron"""
76561198125905894,Recommended,332310,20716985,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Alex04,GreatGame!
,Recommended,332310,20761845,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Pariah,My son and nephews love this game LOVE IT! The camera is a little weird and takes some getting used to the movement but if you like legos and not what microsoft is doing to minecraft give it a try.
76561198050939107,Recommended,332310,24015117,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,epicjosh10,Totally worth receiving for birthday.Found policemanBeat up policemenBecame policmenFound wooden club thing11/10 Would lego police again.
,Recommended,332310,20755929,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Janeiro87,"Still much work to do, but great game so far!"
,Recommended,332310,20712644,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,MagicShades,"It is a Lego sandbox game, you can build anything you want.Also you don't have to worry about standing on Lego bricks and dying."
,Recommended,332310,17338710,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Quad,it`s so cool this game ! i recomand it !! play and enjoy xD :)
76561198038854635,Recommended,332310,17339984,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,emailjond,"Early access but it's already loads of fun and only going to get better. I like exploration and experimenting with the terrain editor. Whilst, as others have said, there isn't a great lot to 'do' as yet, this is a game in which if you're bored, you're just lacking imagination.Besides, the regular updates from the developers give me confidence that the gameplay is being developed in all the right directions. Those looking for a more structured game should probably wait until it is released in full. Sandbox enthusiasts; the kind of person who enjoys rolling dead bears down mountains in Skyrim (er..was that just me then?) or watching sunsets in Minecraft will love it. Lazy, chilled exploring. Unless you happen to anger the skeletons.What else would I like to see? Well, in a game like this the list could go on forever. The build mode needs some attention to make it more accessible, especially on a game pad where the interface is clunky and unintuitive. The possibilities here are endless, so it's a bit frustrating it's not a bit easier to create.I'd also like to see more AI behaviour; the kind that MC does so well and which too can be manipulated for emergent gameplay possibilities. It's the unexpected and sometimes surreal events that emerge that keeps players coming back to minecraft and it would be good if Worlds could add something along those lines.Finally, VR. Everyone is going to have a different idea on how they'd like to experience that with Worlds- my thoughts would be that it would suit a tabletop set up where the events take place in front of you giving you the ability to move round creations and move closer to zoom in. Maybe an ability to see it in first person, though moving around like that is likely to turn stomachs inside out. Announce plans for VR and I will be very happy indeed."
,Recommended,332310,17325060,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,{MS}Bugboyb,"this game came out very good they have been good by graphics and survival and making them not to have objectives and is this still in early access and i bet it is because i want to know how to make the world load faster.The game is quite cool. It looks the old generation meets the new one in a totally new type of game for the series.Only two negative points : the camera (but I guess it's a common feature on LEGO videogames nowadays), and the control settings for XBOX controller when it comes to building. Hitting the ""back"" button almost every time we want to change a thing is quite annoying. Hope there's going to be a fix on this.I highly hope there will be addings such as Lego Technics and Lego City, and maybe interactions with physical sets to unlock exclusive content on the game. Anyway, it's a cool thing and it is very funny. Great job!=HEADS UP=This review is sort of a follow up to my ""Blockland"" review since i said over there that these two games are similar. You do not have to read it but i thought i should mention it no matter what.=INFO ABOUT THE REVIEW=1. This review might be a bit longer.2. This review is about my point of view and opinion.3. If you want to discuss with me about what i wrote then please be reasonable and put up arguments that actually make sense to everyone present. (This does not mean that if i dont understand it or dont like it that you are wrong.)4. If you cannot be reasonable i will use my Right as reviewmaker to ignore your comment.=REVIEW=So this review is about a game i havent played for long yet but i can only say that it already is very good.Now about the game i can say that i had to turn down some of my settings for a good fps but after i did that it was solid. My PC is decent but not a high end gaming PC and most of the games on my Library were played on this PC without problems so you can see that it isnt that bad of a PC after all. Back to the point. The game runs good on my settings and i have no fps drops so far.The main controlls, those were an issue for me in blockland, are easy as in every other Lego Game that we know. You use WASD to move around. F to interact with things. Q and E to change the size of your brush and space and controll to ascend or descend.The Controlls about going up and down and resizing mainly play a role when you fly with a helicopter or when you build something. While flying in a helicopter you use mainly WASD to move around but you use space and controll to move up and down. While in buildmode though you also use Q and E to resize your brush so you can use it on a bigger or tinier area.As of for the main game there is currently not much to do. The reason for that is that the game is currently in early acces and having the game itself and the engine done is for me good enough. This of course is only my opinion. But from what we have here right now it is more a game you explore instead of you building big ♥♥♥ Castles and such. But updates will come and add even more blocks.So would i recommend the game? - YesBut i also would say that if you arent a fan of exploring: Dont buy it yetThe game is still in development and updates can come whenever. But since there is not much to do at the moment it might be boring for some people what is understandable.If you dont care though and still want to try out building i recommend watching the tutorial by paulsoaresjr about how to Build and Import your own custom Models into the World of Lego. Since there is a program people can use to make certain structures this might help you out a bit.And that it is. I have gotten Blockland and Lego Worlds. Both games are similar from the Idea. But only after playing a tiny bit, even without a tutorial, i can already say that Lego Worlds is the better one. Now people might disagree but hey that is how life is.I wish you guys a good one~PROS++Keeps the spirit and feel of the LEGO franchise with great animations and theming+Hundreds of unlockable pieces, mounts, characters and more+Already quite a bit of area to explore, diverse and plentiful biomes+Great ingame Lego building system allows you to use unlocked pieces to build and save your own structuresCONS--No objectives as of yet, if you don’t like exploration or building you won’t have much to do-Cannot rebind keys, bad controls in vehicles with mouse and keyboard-Water interactivity is pretty broken-No multiplayer yetLEGO Worlds has potential to be a great return to the creative side of LEGO gaming. While in the past few years LEGO games have been more based on platforming through various movie franchises, LEGO Worlds focuses more on building and exploring while still keeping the fun and memorable aesthetic that has become a staple of the LEGO franchise games intact. Great animation combined with a variety of LEGO bricks makes LEGO Worlds a great base game to start building onto. The current build of the game is very basic; with no real objectives implemented you may struggle to find fun in the current iteration of this game if you do not enjoy exploration and using the LEGO building tool. While I don’t think that this game will be right for everyone in its current state, I recommend anyone interested in the LEGO universe keeping an eye on it as it progresses through the early access stage of development."
76561198205163715,Recommended,332310,17346140,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,barnescharlie65,anyone help me my mouse wont move to save the game
,Recommended,332310,17346183,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,✶S.T.A.R.S✶,"Its a good game, a world full of lego bricks that you can build and destroy.They just need to add more lego sets which they will in the future."
,Recommended,332310,17346543,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,凸(￣v￣凸) Ka Ka Ka~,"Amazing game and it's worth it. At first I'm kind of annoyed because of it's lack of content like sharing workshops, maps. But since they're willing to update & listen to requests, it's 9/10 then."
76561198109579923,Recommended,332310,17683996,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,QuickZapper797,"An awesome sandbox! Just please, please add multiplayer so me and my cousin can play, please!"
,Recommended,332310,17698673,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,tomribena,"Things I have learnt from Lego worlds:1.Never to buy a Lego set ever again.There's simply no point. It's all in this game! I saw a Lego set in a store the other day and it was 10.99. This game costs 11.99. There is no point. earn an extra quid and you could be playing a game like this, a game with endless creativity with all the bricks in the LEGO brick dictionary! BUY THIS GAME.Sure, its early access, but thats what makes it all the more exciting. It's endlessly being updated with countless pieces of content, and god only knows how great the game will be in its true form!Again, BUY THIS GAME"
76561198180387653,Recommended,332310,17700310,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,ningaewan,good but how do change your steam thin
76561198150473671,Recommended,332310,17700342,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,tcesar2001,the game is good but it would be better if you can right click and drag the mouse to look around
76561198152250821,Recommended,332310,17700538,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,guinchi02,Pls Add a Galaxy and a spaceship to go there...
,Recommended,332310,17703095,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,✪ kaydogz,I <3 this game!
76561198141702403,Recommended,332310,17703210,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Thebatboy23,"10/10Would Brick Again-IGNPS, Prepare your childhood, folks."
76561198119405976,Recommended,332310,17706460,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Zubní kaz,Amazing Game 10/10
,Recommended,332310,17707548,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Hero MX,"An amazing game! THey completly redone the gameplay style of their other lego games, giving an open world to explore instead of levels and puzzles. :) and theyve fixed most lag and bugs as far as I know. I can't wait to see what this recent update brings."
,Recommended,332310,17667200,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Dystopian Productions,If you loved Lego as a kid you will love this game!Really addictive and your imagination is the only limit.It still has some annoying bits about it such as the camera angles being awkward at times and the controls being sensative which can lead to placing blocks in the wrong place which can get frustrating but i guess thats to be expected when the game is still in Alpha.All in all this is certainly a recommended game and it will be interesting to see how it develops and what expansions come out given the sheer number of options.Installed in and played over an hour on it and it felt like 2 minutes had passed!Buy it you wont regret it!
76561198177445786,Recommended,332310,16736765,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Teuninator3000,BEFORE UPDATE:The game looked so fun but when i started playing the game kept on crashing as i walked i only walked 15 meters really slowly and it would crash. I would love to play the game but i just can't in this state maybe they will update it or there is a way to stop it but i can't play the game in this stateAFTER UPDATE:The game has been fixed so every issue up here does no lounger count for me so i turned my comment from before upside down and liked it and i am loving the game keep up with the updates and goodwork
76561198244161928,Recommended,332310,17524309,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,shiftswitch123,"The game is good but I bought my computer a few days ago and I can only use the ""Very Low"" settings otherwise it says I should downgrade the quality! (Even on the low setting!) Help?!"
76561198155291953,Recommended,332310,17525403,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,the cloudian,In the short period of time that i have earned custome parts to make me look like an overlord and have made mt olimpus and have defeated hundreds of enemies with my bear hands and i now have a pet crocodile that i can ride to get to places faster. If you like real legos you will like this game!
76561198137350984,Recommended,332310,17387916,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,penhawk,i like this game but for the game to run good i have to have the graphics settings on very low even if i do it still crashes its crashed 4 times already and i keep randomly falling through the map and there are a few bugs with the world generation sometimes i find an island with new things... but its underwater!!! like an island with robbers and surfurs and bears on it i couldn't see it because it was underwater!!!
76561198209311193,Recommended,332310,17388819,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,tman2002,I LOVE IT BEST GAME!
76561198041279711,Recommended,332310,17389662,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Puny God,"It's Lego, what more can you say. You can play a yeti riding a polar bear.I haven't done much building, just left a castle in the middle of nowhere, but it seems like it will be fun. Mainly running around collecting people and rides."
76561198156294036,Recommended,332310,17390405,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,TheOneAndOnlyMikeyCarroll,BEST LEGO GAME EVER :) 10/10
,Not Recommended,332310,17390637,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Tharock1,"The controls suck. Bugs all over the place, other than that it's an ok game. But I hate the controls all together. Un Playable from that."
76561198179352855,Recommended,332310,17391479,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,PhantomKnight,It Can be pretty laggy but it is the most fun I have ever had since the first time i played Minecraft
76561198085939479,Recommended,332310,17391854,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Ninjacat747,its total boners
76561198135668256,Recommended,332310,17392542,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,joshiefrazie,This game is absolutely amazing <3 But you should definitely add many more items and vehicles!
76561197962060428,Recommended,332310,17311508,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,surko,OK game - will be better when MP is included
76561198042221032,Recommended,332310,17314662,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Trainwreck,this game would be even more fun if it was multiplayer
,Recommended,332310,17317441,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,PixyStix,Its good 7/10  but i hope there will be multiplayer survial kinda thing not just building etc
76561198189820187,Recommended,332310,17518703,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,philman34,"This is one of my favourate games in steam library. It is a bit laggy and is runs at about 15-20 fps but other than that it's AWSOME!! Because of course, everything is cool when you're part of a team :)"
,Not Recommended,332310,17568630,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Dark Enity,personally did not like this one ...minecraft still holds over this one maybe after multi player is implemented i will return to it but atm no multi player takes too much away from the mc experience they are trying to replicate here...love the graphics but became boring pretty quickly.....thinking my next purchase would be ark survival its a little closer to the experience of minecraft which lets admit it they are all really trying to copy anyways
76561198212176753,Recommended,332310,17570754,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Xd chefcases.com skinsjar.com,Plz lego world creator make lego worlds go to mac OS PLZZZZZZZZZ
76561198135627313,Recommended,332310,17574709,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,AwesomeD10,"very fun, this is the first open world lego game I've seen, totally worth the 15 dollars."
,Recommended,332310,16311221,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,GodLikeReaper,"It is hard to right a review on this game because I mean it is pretty self explanatory if you have played any lego game ever, and played with lego. To me this is every Lego lovers dream come true, you play as a lego character like in lego batman and lego starwars but it is an infinite world with lots to explore and do, like you can just sit and build. I sat and just built for a good couple hours just making a fancy house with a basement. Most of my game play was spent exploring and trying out all the cool vehicles and trying to find new characters to play as. I do recommend this for people with children also, you will probably also become addicted as well but what ever. Haha.To me there is already a lot to do and much much more coming as there is updates every so often with new content coming out. I'm very excited to see what they come out with. It would be nice to get lego characters from the other games as well to play with. It is like being a child all over again <3"
,Recommended,332310,17626799,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,[D0D] Aozz101x,"i really liked this game, it surely does not felt like Minecraft to me, more of you're edit anything you can on lego,the driving, rideing, and attacking people, Skeletons, etc, what the best could you ever want from this LEGO game?although, i wish it accpet my graphics options. orther then at 10/10 :D"
,Recommended,332310,17635169,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Zora Sama,"5/5 !   Highly addictive, boats, animals, planes cars and whatnotbuild or go around and find new things.if you are like me loving adventure youl spend hours after hoursjust running around finding new stuff"
76561198127261941,Recommended,332310,17635508,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Fricc,i loved this game so far maybe my favourite pc game great job the creators of this game and to the people who havent bought this game yet its really good i hope you buy it.
,Recommended,332310,17637102,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Junis,"(Written between Update 1 and Update 2's releases)It... it's greatBefore I get into the review, I need to give some history. I've played every single Lego video game from Lego Star Wars: The Video Game, up to Lego Lord of the Rings. There have been some flops here and there, but this is a review for Lego Worlds, not how quickly I can beat Lego Indy 2 without much satisfaction. Speaking of that game, there was a sort of sandbox mode that was introduced in that game, and I spent more time on it than the actual story, sort of how people don't even know about the story mode of GTA V. Anyway, I quite enjoyed the feature, and was happy to see it return to Lego Harry Potter 1-4. I was also a fan of Star Wars, so I was expecting Lego Star Wars: The Clone Wars to be a masterpiece. I was so hopeful for an expansion of the level creator, but it wasn't there. By the time I gave up hope, Lego Harry Potter 5-7 was out, and there were at least three games in between that period I was hoping for a level creator.So, you are probably wondering why I told you that. There is a reason beyond talking about myself, and it is to stress the perfection of the game. All of that hopelessness I experienced in that multi-year period exploded into one package, and it feels like the people in charge of the Level Creator wanted to expand, and they've been spending the past couple of years working on and developing Lego Worlds. If you enjoy Sandbox games (even Minecraft), then you will enjoy Lego Worlds. If you don't, then return after each update. After all, the game isn't finished and will be able to be the best at what it does.Music: 7.3/10 - Currently, the game has little variety for music, but what it does have is great.Graphics: 8.4/10 - This game looks great, but it's a bit too much for my computer. What I do get is good, so what you could potentially get should be magnificent.Gameplay: 10/10 - This should be the most important factor in a game: is it fun? To that, I say yes to this game. I'm all about adventuring and creating, and this game is all about adventuring and creating. Since this was written during development, the score is based off of potential. Currently, the number should be 7.5/10 for the poor camera and lack of much. Of course, this is to be expected on a game with just it's engine and stuff to showcase.Replayability: 7.8/10 - This game is magnificent and has quite a bit going for it. The issue with exploration games is the lack of replayability. If you are like me, you won't ever reread a book until you forget what it's plot is or if it has a joke too good too pass up. However, you can skip around the story in books, and it's not the same in most video games. However, what prevents this sector from getting a 1/10 from me is the creation factor. If you have a good idea, you can build it. Whereas books are linear (except for choose your own adventures, which run out of content eventually anyway), your imagination is unlinear. You won't run out of things to do at this games full potential, and if you do, you'll should have found something repetitive that gives you enjoyment.Or, in short, too much nothing.OVERRALL: 33.5/40 - 8.3/10 (First number acquired by adding all 4 numbers, second acquired by taking first number and dividing it by 4. First one is more accurate, second is easier to understand.)It's fun right now, but it gets better later. Trust me."
76561198119505867,Recommended,332310,19049074,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,WaffleWalrus17,"i love this game,definetly worth the price,but i feel like they ruined it in update 2 i think by adding the thing were you have to tame a creature to unlock it,i know i know,it more realistic but i bcked up my file to sart again,but it got corrupted,so i've ben finding it really hard to get back where i was,but,ith all the bad stuff behind us overall its a gra game!"
,Recommended,332310,19066520,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,RedBark,AMAZING!
,Recommended,332310,19045640,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,NinjaKing135,This game lags like crazy for me
,Recommended,332310,19045776,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,JQ,"For once everything is lego! Although, the building could be better, and there are a few tweeks needed here and there."
,Recommended,332310,19045876,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,phoenickai21,Love it but it need that online multiplayer like now
,Recommended,332310,19131086,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,ThomasPlaysOfficial,"Overall, this game is good. I like that you can do anything you want. Although its a bit laggy on my computer,its still fun to run over monkeys in the City Car..."
,Recommended,332310,19130177,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Meese_Commander,"Some people describe it as Minecraft mixed with Legos. Not the case. Much nore tedious to build in, but WAY more fun to explore in thanks to your double jump and the ability to climb ANY surface. Also, there are models for anything you could ever want to build."
76561198237839516,Recommended,332310,17850795,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Baby Cowz,This is a a wonderful game!!! However this is not the Last of Us so therefore it is not perfect. The main issues are:1) The frame rate will mess up when underwater2) Too complicated building3) Frustrating X-Box controlsI could go on and on. But let's let Lego fix this first...
,Recommended,332310,16568070,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,⎲eape⎲ƩvolveƉ,"The following is copied from my review onpressa2join.com, and is a preview for an ""as yet unreleased Early Access title""[Disclosure: Game copy purchased with own money]Lego Worlds is developed by TT games (better known as Traveller’s Tales pre-merger) and published by Warner Brothers Interactive. Outside of their work on the Lego franchise, TT also have a rich history including titles such as; Crash Bandicoot: The Wrath of Cortex, A Bug’s Life, Sonic R & 3D Blast and of course Toy Story 1 & 2 to name but a few.Lego Worlds is a procedurally generated sandbox exploration/adventure game. As such the only story is the one you create. The game is reminiscent of all the other Lego titles in the franchise, whereby destruction of objects will allow you to place an object in the world and also generate a certain amount of “studs” which we all know Lego uses as currency, you can then use this currency to unlock various different things to place in the world once unlocked you’re free to place as many as you like.The game has been compared a lot to Minecraft and Terraria, I personally feel this is really unfair. My experience with Lego Worlds has very much been “this is a digital version of Lego” . To me, It’s a little bit like comparing Borderlands to Call of Duty. Don’t get me wrong what I’m basically trying to say is yes there are similarities but they are completely different games.The game can be controlled with either keyboard and mouse, or controller as it has full controller support although I would mildly disagree with that, as certain features don’t really work well with the use of a gamepad, which is going to be a major problem if they port it to consoles. The developer has said that they will explore it when the PC version is complete, I would say it is highly likely.The picture seen above is my attempt to use the in game “block builder” to build myself a house. Many of the options are disabled if you choose to use a gamepad and even using keyboard and mouse, whilst a lot of the wireframes and various different features of the block builder are quite handy, building this structure was rather tedious.The structure pictured here was imported using the “brick builds” feature, I shudder to think the amount of time and effort required to build a structure this detailed.The game is chock full of customisation options for characters with more unlockable parts as you meet the various characters in the game. However, one thing I did notice is some characters have a special ability and if you customise your character rather than play as that character, you don’t inherit the special ability as you would in say Lego Marvel Super Heroes which would be nice.The game also features a basic land and air vehicle system which works really well, the only thing I noticed which was kind of funny was a biplane been able to hover. One thing of note that I thought was really cool is being able to fly a Dragon which also shoots fire balls. One thing I did feel was missing, was the ability to make your own (custom) vehicle that you could drive/fly around. This may be added in later but is difficult to tell if this is on the cards.Graphically the game looks like all the rest of the Lego games, which is a nice aesthetic and there is a limit to how smooth you can make a block look. The soundtrack is suitably “adventurous” with the sound assets changing to suit the various biomes. However there were a few things I did notice with some of the graphical settings/assets...Overall the game is still in my opinion very early in development and “works” but is missing a vast amount of features, most notably multiplayer, but I can understand wanting to get the base game working before adding in multiplayer. I would also like to see some NPC interaction perhaps although I don’t know how that would quite fit in. One thing I did want to mention is the game does have a frame rate detector and if it feels as though the game is struggling it will warn you and suggest you lower the graphics settings which is nice to see. This is a very good start but a lot more work is required.My final thoughts are because it’s so early in development I can’t give it a score but what I will say is if you like Lego and really like the idea of adventure and exploration then it’s a definite recommendation. However if you would like a little bit more, you may want to hold off for a while. Under no circumstances think this is “just like Minecraft, with no survival (creative mode) only in Lego” it isn’t there is no mining (only terrain modification) or crafting.So basicaly this is a tentative recommendation at this stage of development"
,Recommended,332310,17848897,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Bradley Jones,"This is such an awesome game and it will be better with the updates! In the updates I hope to see:-the game running smoother on higher graphics-a scroll bar on custom character creator and character selection-a tool to make text when typed-a list of keyboard short cuts + more keyboard short cuts (such as an enlarged map)-possibly, different music for different areas (e.g. different music for the forest to the arctic tundra)-SPACE travel and more fun stuff to do in the sky, this would really set it apart from Minecraft(Also why is the Lego group going to release more Minecraft sets next year when Lego Worlds is coming out? Should Lego be encouraging/advertising competition?)"
,Recommended,332310,16196049,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Gundord,2 hours inFind DragonFireball everything to deathFind BazookaBlow everything to deathFind bannanaRealize its best weapon in gameThrow bannanas at everythingWorth every penny because bannana10/10
,Recommended,332310,17859852,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,The Undead Golem,This game is really fun and really boosts my imagination.
76561198139848031,Recommended,332310,17824173,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Venom,Lego worlds brings a whole new touch and feel to the lego games and is for the better.The graphics are a big step up from the old lego games and the shine on those dragons!Lego worlds is like minecraft but a bit of a step forward adding so much new things to do and find you can never get bored.Unfortunatly there is no multiplayer and i am hoping that will be added when the full game is released/For the cheap price of 15 dollars you should get it now before it costs more money.9/10
76561198177597734,Recommended,332310,17864493,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,cowcerit,This is the dopest game! would apreciate some kind of scripted AI or multiplayer interactions though.
76561198067533821,Recommended,332310,17794794,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,ReaganYTOfficial,this game is so amazing i could play this forever unless i get bored :/ but i really recommend it :)
,Recommended,332310,17897697,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,TheFrogPr1nce,"I am entering this review in the hopes that someone at Lego will be reading this.   The game looks great... EXCEPT... for the camera.  It's terrible.I don't mean to hurt the developer's feelings... but go back and look at the code for Lego Universe.  You had it perfect there.  Over the should third person camera that TRACKS WITH YOUR CHARACTER (not ""chase"").  I don't want to have to worry about manually recentering the camera on my character.  Get rid of all the camera physics and just add a simple, *fixed position*, over the shoulder camera view... just like Lego Universe.  It would take less to write than the 2 camera styles you currently have.Hopefully, though, someone at Lego will read this."
76561198129233311,Recommended,332310,17867341,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Engineer Bird,it's awesome!
76561197977723417,Recommended,332310,17870665,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,legoGuy,great you guys have everything now you just have to add space. plz add space!
76561198193224742,Not Recommended,332310,21708935,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Alex Jones' Tin Foil Cat,The Early Access version was better
,Recommended,332310,18384940,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Valathreon,"I bought this game in Early Access, and was rather impressed with what was offered. Though there wasn't much to the game besides collecting props and building things with bricks, it felt like it had some real potential.However, It isn't the same game as the Early Access Version. While this version is mainly exploration and collecting, Early Access was basically Creative Mode, where you could build what you wanted. I'm reaaly disappointed that it didn't make it into the 1.0 version, but the game is still rather fun for a LEGO fan."
,Recommended,332310,30456635,Posted: 11 March,all,Medical Idiot,I love the game But I seem to crash every time I play it. Ive lowerd my Graphics and it still crashes.
76561198123764124,Recommended,332310,30455718,Posted: 11 March,all,Skippy,Love the game but the controls need some work. I can see how they would work on consoles but it is so frustrating on the pc.
76561198133286094,Recommended,332310,30458423,Posted: 11 March,all,kewageshig,"i got this for my nephews, they love the lego games and i fairly enjoyed this as well lol helping them get a lot of the characters and animals.i got it on the early access wasnt to sure about that cause a lot of early access games i bought seem to have slowly died but this was a good choice, im not sure how the nephews will react to having to start over on a different world but im sure they'll have just as much fun if no more so now seeing as there is kind of a little quest goal thingy here. overall it kept the kids quiet so it's doing its job10/10 lol"
,Recommended,332310,30452765,Posted: 11 March,all,Supercar11,FOR ANYONE WHO LIKES TO WASTE THRERE LIVES (AND TIME)
76561198124092087,Not Recommended,332310,16203507,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,mleafgreen,I get a black screen all the time.Can't play }=
76561198132015746,Recommended,332310,30480868,Posted: 12 March,all,Darkangel,"When I first purchased this game, it was less of a game and more of a complete sanbox. Now, there is actual gameplay to it, an end goal, I find myself playing it again.Good things: Lego building simulator, with every brick you could ever want. plenty of things to do on each world, and every biome is different. Improved soundtrack, with one 4 minute clip for most biomes that I have seen so far.Things to improve: creating vehicles is not yet possible, you have to make do with the current list. Granted, it's varied, with a vehicle (or creature) to fufil any need, but would be nice to see. On older computers, there are perfomance issues. This is to be expected when everything in the world can be blown up, rebuilt, or otherwise.Bad things: Old saves dont appear to matter, so I had to start again. given the massive changes to the UI and save system, this was not surprising.If you want to play with lego, but don't have the space in your home (Or money to buy it) this is the game for you. Also, multiplayer, to show off any cool creations to friends."
,Not Recommended,332310,30482982,Posted: 12 March,all,jenksy,Really fun but filled with bugs. Menuing system doesn't work for client-players in Multiplayer.
76561198128816239,Recommended,332310,30473103,Posted: 12 March,all,Thatcher and Wheatly,"I LOVE this new update, better then old kind because you get to do missons and more! so much to do now!"
,Recommended,332310,16118945,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Axionton,"This game has so much potential, takes me back to playing Lego Creator as a kid, I really hope we get to see some rock raiders sets in the future, building is really easy to do once you get the hang of the menus, exploring and unlocking stuff is fun too."
76561198134495023,Recommended,332310,25090220,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,jä,when i want to play online its just saing something about the server pkease help
76561198127939301,Recommended,332310,25291567,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Tessa Brooks,Really boring if you play solo but i think they reccently addded multiplayer so if you're like me and you like to play with friends then get it for that :D
76561198088935380,Recommended,332310,25281777,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Behind you bro ->,"So I fell into the see, got myself a shark and went to some ruins to get epic loot after that I went on land with the shark to attack some cows. The potential of this game is amazing !!All I want to ask is to keep putting new things into this game and if possible make it so that players can create their own unique vehicles and also add a character that has the ability to fly, also I'd love some magic and powers haha, gonna be jamming this game like a ninja boss. Thumbs up for sure!!"
,Recommended,332310,16177101,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,damp bologna,"This is an amazing game. I would refer this to anyone who had a childhood love of LEGO® or enjoy playing minecraft on creative mode. I love the fact that they incorperated all these interesting vehicles into the game (ie: plane, helecopter, submarine, ect). I also like the way you can alter any terrain in anyway you can imagine, and how you can alter it at a big scale or brick by brick.One caveat I have is the lack of important blocks (ie: doors windows, stairs, ect).Overall I would give the unfinished game a 8.5 out of 10."
,Recommended,332310,25275878,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Jessie Pinkman Bitch,Great game but just not the true Lego exprience with out having to avoid blocks that your siblings have kindly pre chewed for you.
76561198325048616,Recommended,332310,25233468,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Koolkatistheboss,Such a great game and I love it! Just wish I knew what the controls are...
,Recommended,332310,17550695,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,patouie,lego worlds answer I WANT IT its a great game what i did wasgot a house built to perfectionhave a pet ploice officer and sheepblew up biomsand lots more reccomend ths 10/10
,Recommended,332310,17194612,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Pvpro.com | lowe411,"This game is awesome it just needs online servers and / or free hostable multiplayer where you can invite friends , and  free multiplayer where you dont have to invite friends because it is a steam game it is very hard to find people who play this game even though it is very creative and awesome"
76561198060332361,Recommended,332310,17558163,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Blanc,"Has a lot of potential, I would encourage you to throw money and support to the developers for this stunning game"
,Recommended,332310,17559657,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Valyrius,nice game but you need  a good cpu
76561198109768575,Recommended,332310,17560188,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Crusader818,"Great game a little glitchy at times but runs well, if you have a decent computer that is."
,Recommended,332310,17561344,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,(ƃƃᴉԀʇɟɐɹƆ) ɹɐpʎɹM,Good!
76561197969832536,Not Recommended,332310,17589747,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Recce67,"even as early access...very buggy, continuously crashing"
,Recommended,332310,17783239,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Spooks,"Its been 2 days already and I'm in love. This is definetly the Lego game you have been looking for, if you've been searching like me. The vast open world with different biomes, creatures, characters, structures and vehicles will keep you exploring for hours. Graphics are decent, with good shading and lighting. Camera angles are sometimes of wonky though, and I think they will need to be improved. This game is a must-have."
,Recommended,332310,30510308,Posted: 14 March,all,WhaleplaneStudios,"This game is Early Access done right.I bought this game the day it released, I've always been a fan of Lego games, ever since the first Lego Star Wars for PS2. The idea of an open world PC exclusive seemed too good to be true, and upon playing the game for the first time, it almost was. You could generate a randomized level, run around to get some studs and unlock some objects and weapons, but there was nothing to do, it felt really empty. I disliked the game for the reason people are currently slamming No Man's Sky, it's big but it's empty and there's nothing to do.Fast forward to yesterday, I was scrolling through my Steam library and I stumbled upon this game again, but this time, I noticed a news article that said that this game was now out of Early Access. My first thought was ""A game actually left Early Access? That's new."". I launched the game and immediately felt like I was in a 100% completed, full game, all because of one big element; the cutscene.This game now starts with a cutscene that gives you a rundown of what you are, what you're doing, and what to expect. Then, upon starting a new game, you get another cutscene! This one is sort of a secondary, more specific intro. You then get a few tutorial worlds to unlock the tools you'll be using and get the hang of the controls (which, as a first for a Lego game on PC, actually work just fine with a keyboard and mouse!). You get a warm and inviting voice guiding you through the first few worlds, but it doesn't feel like the typical modern hand-holding tutorial, if you want to run the other way and launch chickens into the ocean, you can do that too.The only thing I would change is the ship. I had mentioned No Man's Sky earlier, and honestly, this game would be the perfect replacement for that if, instead of the ship flying being a loading screen, you could actually fly between worlds openly. However, considering how far this game has come since it started, I wouldn't rule out open space travel in the future.Overall a solid 8/10 for a game in general, 9/10 for a Lego game, definitely worth the money and time."
,Recommended,332310,16778904,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Anteror,10/10 - would step on lego's again.
,Recommended,332310,16786645,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Andeco,This is a good game. The cheapist biggest set ever. xD
,Recommended,332310,16787543,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Trowa Barton,"i enjoy this game, its definitly a work in progress. kind of minecraft with legos sort of thing. no bosses or mobs or anything at this time. a few kinks here and there but they are pollishing it all the time."
,Recommended,332310,16787986,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Salsa,"NOTE: I believe the minimum CPU requirement may be inaccurate. On my rig with an Intel G3258 Dual Core 3.2ghz, the game becomes very laggy when rendering new environments. This may be a bug but as of now you may need a bit bulkier of a CPU.Review:The game as of now does not have very much to do other than explore and build, but what more do you need out of a LEGO game? The graphics look great and the gameplay is exactly how you would expect an open world LEGO game would play. It is similar to a game that a played a few years back called Cube World, if anyone remembers that game."
,Recommended,332310,27059230,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Garyn Dakari,You can ride a Lego Goat through a magical land of Lego Mushrooms.That's really all I ever wanted out of life.
76561198228112268,Recommended,332310,27343474,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,#1Entrepreneur,This game is fun and has a lot of potential to make it even better.
,Recommended,332310,27406294,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Cahldaer,"i for some reason put 97 minutes into this game. I remember watching like, 2 people play it once, and never again. Me any my sister wanted it, so I bought it for us both. 97 minutes."
,Recommended,332310,24145087,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,SuperKlyph,"This game sure grew a lot from early access.  It runs great and it's fun to play.  It's an exploration game at heart, but you can also build and such.  It works great with a controller, but the KB/M controls are a bit awkward.  It can be played in split screen as well.I highly recommend it - it's worth every penny."
76561198257886957,Recommended,332310,26703770,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Jakarta,"PLease make it so people on mac can play this too because i have like 3 friends that cant play it because of that so please,please make it so people with macs can do it too."
76561198203841121,Recommended,332310,26782619,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,themonsterking12,This  games is so wonderful. I wish to see this game get big. KEEP ON GOING LEGO!!!
76561198121732924,Recommended,332310,26766102,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gneow,Its an amazing game for Early Access but its got alot of bugs and problems so I see why they haven't released it onto Console.
,Recommended,332310,26592593,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Mega Long Sad Boi,This game is pretty fun. Had some glitchy moments but this game is great. Its like minecraft but with legos and a♥♥♥♥♥♥load more blocks.
,Recommended,332310,16320542,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Cosmic,>Spawns in>Spawns right next to dragon>Presses y on controller next to dragon>FLYS!>Jumps off of dragon>Listens to this songhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1lWJXDG2i0A>Smashes vampire face in>Buys dragon>Spawns dragon>Is lego>Has nerdgasm>Finds RPG>Blows up rock while riding dragon>Find apple>Eats>Flys dragon again>#YOLO100/1- would #FreeFallYOLO off of dragon again
,Recommended,332310,16123930,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,!NDi,"Brings back many childhood memories and only one problem, the camera blows but hey! its in early access"
,Recommended,332310,27061935,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[NfC] Kitten,This game needs more love...
76561198347821204,Recommended,332310,30674110,Posted: 22 March,all,SkittlesTheCat,Great Game! Just one suggestion:add Troublemakers to normal Mission Worlds!
,Recommended,332310,26438666,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Nir,"Cool I guess. Not really a big lego games fan, but I reccomend this to anyone that likes building random suff."
,Recommended,332310,26460167,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,PaladinInfinite,"After the new update everything reset all my worlds my recorded lego characters , animals , lego bricks etc.why would you do this lego I've worked so hard on some of those worlds.and if you're wandering why i recomended this game is because there is nothing wrong with the game but lego just reset the worlds thats why."
76561198211894357,Recommended,332310,26380524,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,ElementFarts,YUS PERFECT LEGO GAME!!! MUST BUY <3
,Recommended,332310,26857372,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,T4_Bananas,"Since the LEGO universe was canceled I have been waiting for a similar game to appear, and lego words has been able to fill this space, in this game it is possible to create everything that you want, of course there are still some things that still need development but the game is in a Very good way"
76561198121113370,Recommended,332310,26794806,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Aeternum Horizon,All the fun of Legos without the fear of stepping on them.
76561198506965033,Recommended,332310,26703630,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,rilmc,AWESOME GAME GET IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,332310,26839594,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SuperRoboWizard,"This game wears out it's welcome after a while. It gets boring and repetitive. There isn't too much to do, they don't have any of the fun, weird, wacky pieces, you can't build your own vehicles, there aren't any technic pieces, and it's overall just a dissapointment. This game could have so much content, so much to do and build, but it just falls short."
76561198142232956,Recommended,332310,26943454,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Meekins2012,I love his game!
,Recommended,332310,25432857,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,JJ_B,"Camera is sometimes annoying and character customisation can be buggy, but overall, fun game."
,Recommended,332310,25596381,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Dyrenex,Very fun game!
76561197962773466,Recommended,332310,25298471,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Nomac55,"I like the game and the detail you can build with. Its great for kids and adults to play around in, the controls are simple and menus are well done.The bad:- the camera can get all messed up and behind walls and confusing to figure out which way your going-Dark area are easy to get lost in (is there a flashlight?) maybe make a button to turn one on.NEEDS:-steam workshop so users can upload there lego designer made LLD models into the game for instant EVERYTHING IS AWSOME.I recommend this game if you want a cool game to play with you kids, but the lack of real direction in the game needs to be fixed up befor i say its good for all players."
76561198113015600,Recommended,332310,30871489,Posted: 1 April,all,juvxcry,"★★★★★I purchased this game waaay back in 2015 when it was a lil puppy game. It's almost a little tearing how far the game has come. I absolutely 100% recommend this game to anyone who loves lego. I will admit the start of the game is very slow but as you progress you start to find more items and weapons to help you along with your journey. LEGO has finally made a game, a community infact, that I'm proud to say that I watched grow and be apart of such a creative fun adventure. As of writing this I have about 50 hours in the game and I would expect that to exceed 500. Ive been adicted. Long story short. Mate count your pennies and buy this game because it was worth every single penny! Please go! Stop reading this and go!"
,Recommended,332310,25608190,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,[HA] J.Knapp [PTF],I built my irl house with legoes! This game is a steal for 15 bucks considering how much real legos are!
,Recommended,332310,25611556,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Large Indian Building Brick,"It's  a good game, though they should make something like minecraft and improve their building system."
76561198085601254,Recommended,332310,23073446,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Scorcher,This is a cool lego game where everything is made of lego
76561198150139791,Recommended,332310,25804019,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,onesyboy,"really good, but the camra controls are IMPOSSIBLE. Litteraly. you right click and drag, nothing happens; the cursor goes grey. you right click again and sometimes he jumps. then if you get REALLY lucky, you can CONTROL the camera. Don't get me wrong, this is NOT a hate review. I just have a problem to report. I love the game, but i can't for the life of me control the camera."
76561198320422892,Recommended,332310,30841494,Posted: 30 March,all,zach2wolf,"Hey, this game is great, its funny and creative, its basicly a lego minecraft :/ But whats sad is that i can't play anymore. When I get on, it'll show the 2 images that appear when you open them, but then after that it stays black. Can you please fix this? I recommend it though"
,Recommended,332310,24821223,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Spartanwolf66,"Amazing game, need more characters, creatures, vehicles, and items. I found them all in a day."
,Recommended,332310,16218767,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,No. 01001010,"its a fun game to play but with not much in it, but its early accessi think that they can add:build your own cars and planes and boatsmore building, as villages citys ruins and that stuffsmoother on pc with lower pecs."
,Recommended,332310,16203146,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Maldor,Everything is awesome!
,Recommended,332310,24753810,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,J_DOGWOOF,love this game i would rate it 15/10
76561197998609864,Recommended,332310,24905466,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,AngelFire,"The games fun, 3 hours could fly by easily, and besides where else can you build a race track on an island in the middle of the ocean, blow everything up with a bazooka and build it again. :-)"
76561198037001566,Recommended,332310,24901620,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,CompoundChutoy,worth every cent
,Recommended,332310,24842848,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Danny Sexbang,"This was lego's first attempt to make a sandbox game. It wasn't bad. Its actually kinda wacky and fun! Not much else to say. I feel everyone will have a different expirience. So with that being said, I'll give it a 7/10!Final Rating: 7/10Gameplay: 7/10Story: Non-existent, but could have been.Asthetics: Looks like the kid in kindergarden who ate legos puked everywhere, and the legos formed the shape of and island. But hey, its the first lego game that actually uses all legos. 6/10.Combat: Hard to aim and such, but not horrible. 5//10Other important things?Nope. Have fun."
76561198017223402,Recommended,332310,25098294,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Jenny,"This game is too hard, i keep dying by stepping."
,Recommended,332310,23075264,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,AidenJPS SuperiorServers.co,"havent played in a long time, all i remember is that it was good if you just want to build with infinite legos. NOT good as an actual adventure, HOWEVER this was right after release and its probably been added to. if you have spare cash, or a creative kid, give it a shot."
76561198016791907,Recommended,332310,24270394,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Bioethical,"decent game looks like its going to be way better than minecraft. i did buy this for my son, and he said he loves it you can ride dolphins,squid,wolfs,cows loads more including police cars and other vehicles. the only thing i can pick on is the ui ,my son kept saying what do i do  so my guess is its a bit hard for his age (6)so this needs a tutorial. i rate this 7/10"
76561198133533075,Recommended,332310,16907378,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,jontibob501,lag needs to be fix and faling trow map neds to be fix
,Recommended,332310,16642218,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,✪ n1puma4,"LEGO® Worlds... Hmm Probaly one of the BEST GAMES of our time. fun, enjoyment and best of all... its all LEGO!"
,Recommended,332310,16646992,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,•♥iSkyes♥•,"At first when I skydive into my first world I think, uh-oh it looks like another boring ol' game. But really it's great! I have taken my time to explore and its really good. In my opinion it's better than Minecraft! Everything in 'LEGO worlds' to me, is unique, definitely not a waste of money. And I say: if you have a spare $15 in your pocket go and buy this game, it's awesome and just fun to explore the world!All in all, it's               20/10             for me :D"
,Recommended,332310,16728028,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,X-R4Y,"Cool game, be good if you could build your own vehicels"
,Recommended,332310,16729322,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,zachary_baggins,"This game is amazing.Pros: a lego game where you can actualy build.focosus on exploration.still has studs and smashing things.character to play as (some have different abbilities.viechals and animals to ride (some viechals fly or go in the water)able to moddify terrain.NO MICRO TRANZACTIONS!Cons:this game gets realy laggy when you go to the cloudsthe controlls can sometimes be anoying and hard to usethats it realy, this game is for anyone that lives. So stop reading dam comments and go play the game!"
,Recommended,332310,16730128,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Snow Halation,"Alright so you've already seen a bunch of great reveiws and mine is no different. In less than an hour I rode a horse,helicoptor,eagle and a DRAGON! How cool is that! I love this game and hope it continues to update and become an Amazinger game!"
,Recommended,332310,16736093,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Leo Bloom,"This is currently one of my favourite games as it has a lot of potential. I enjoy the game because it comes with a brick by brick building option where I was able to individually place each brick to build my own personalised castle. However, There are some improvements I would like to see (the need for a few improvements does not affect my opinion as they are planning to continue to update the game).List of what I feel is missing from the game:- Multiplayer (which they are adding)- More types of lego bricks (so I can create more interesting designs)- Steam Workshop (Mods for this game would be amazing)"
,Not Recommended,332310,16736410,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Savage smiley,6/20/15  I bought this game with the intention of playing it when they optimize it as of now i cannot reccomend this game because it has massive FPS issues. i will update this as time goes on.
76561198157451364,Recommended,332310,16674284,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,ryanturnerwalsh,need to be able to make transport and build/ dive under water.... alot more part would make it more interesting.
76561197965675266,Recommended,332310,16675740,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Forkrul Assail,"May your lego-box be forever over-flowing!! To be able to ride a fire-breathing dragon, jump off, parachute to safety (on my umbrella) and then deploy my bazooka to destroy EVERYTHING!!! is, really, just too much for words. Even now, it brings a small tear of joy to my eye just recalling those first 15 minutes. Then it got better! Uhhhhhh..... (dribble dribble)"
,Recommended,332310,16680147,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,i ❤️ pcp,"Remember when you were a kid and you were playing the Lego video games (Star Wars, Indiana Jones, etc) and you always wanted to be able to build your own stuff? This is it. It's in alpha right now, but the fact that the elements of this game are so stripped down reveals that it will bethe true Lego sandbox. Once they update the game with better creations, and fix a few combat bugs, this game is gonna be hella sweet"
76561198066666945,Recommended,332310,16711614,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,toffeeisurgod123,"Good creative idea, BUTThe camera control is horrendous. It feels like a console game that's been translated to PC. It would also be nice to have 3rd person zoom. I prefer to play 3rd person games looking down from far above my character"
76561198015448605,Recommended,332310,16700158,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Lara Croft,"This is a great game, I love playing it, Expolering the world as well as building. This game will keep you busy for hours and hours at a time, There are a few things needed on the game like more different types of bricks. but all in all i would say GET THIS GAME :D"
,Not Recommended,332310,16700360,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Dobby,Boring. There just isn't much to do at the moment. I lost interest very quick.
,Recommended,332310,16700795,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Big Batty Mandem,Some performance issues at present but has incredible potential 8/10
76561198100735076,Recommended,332310,16701030,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Bilbo Baggins,"Fun game, but wait you should wait until it's on a deal, or when multiplayer is released for it."
76561198061624291,Not Recommended,332310,16702645,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,bowl_shizzle_420,"Cannot reccomend this game or really play it until the developers fix the undo button or really add more content. I was really impressed with the graphics and the smooth animations, but once you go through all the content and collect everything the game becomes dull, why? well because there is no undo button and considering the controls cause misclicks every once in a while do to the menues being displayed while being able to play the game, i cannot really build properly, once i acidentally remove a whole base plate from a castle i was building it becomes impossible to put it back without remove a ton af wall pieces, so until that feature is fixed in the future i cannot recommend."
,Recommended,332310,16491115,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,waycooler,i built minecraft legos within lego minecraft11/10 would buy again
76561198101461573,Recommended,332310,16704809,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,✪Noble,"This game has a fanastic engine, it looks great, it has awesome randomly generated buildings. It has a great rather low price and i can't waite for its updates. It is a great buy."
,Recommended,332310,16709212,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,MistaCheez,"Wow. This game is awesome! If you've ever used Lego Digital Designer, you'll be dissapointed with the building mechanics (as of now). I'm hoping to see Minecraft-style player-made maps in the future, as the game is really barebones at the moment. Really promising, but that's pretty cliché to write in a review of an early access game, and non-descriptive to boot. I bought it, and I'd do it again knowing what I do about it. If they don't raise the price, the devs are crazy. 5/10 right now, but I know it'll be at least worth an 8 by this time next year."
,Recommended,332310,16605689,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Boaty McBoatface,"lego worlds won't start, when i start the app it goes dark and nothing happens"
,Recommended,332310,16612019,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,red-nyan,"First things first: so far this game seems to have better support for controllers, so I recommend that.'LEGO® Worlds' is a build/exploration game. As of right now the game has limited to offer (17 items, a dozen mounts, another dozen vehicles). So far the game doesn't have much more than ""explore"" and ""build."" Other than the limited what-do, this is a good game, and is far better than Minecraft in my oppinion.So far I have only found a few bugs:Keyboard support is very 'iffy', I lost the ability to move and often the ability to position the camera with the mouse.With a keyboard it is not possible to dive underwater. But with a controller it is.The things I would like to see added are:MuliplayerVehicle/npc/mob buildingPirate-ships!"
,Recommended,332310,16612201,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,llothos,It's Lego. Nuff saidso far with my limited time with it I've had a blast. My kids have played a lot more then me and they are looking forward to multilayer (i hope is going to be local).Few glitches here and there. Found numerous horses in trees. Built a house on a cloud and then used my dragon to destroy it.found a submarine on land and it blew up when i tried to drive it. Great fun to be had.Look forward to what else they add to this in the coming months.
,Recommended,332310,16613603,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,lIMpY,"A good Lego game, with mod support could be much better..Needs Tech (pneumatics, gears, tracks/slides, rails, wire, sensors, Maybe even IC) before it is my style of LegoAt its current state its a bunch of fun and good for kids, more difficulty/enemy AI couldn't hurt."
,Recommended,332310,16613659,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,WalterREBoRN,"As far as I'm concerned LEGO has always produced games that are always enjoyable to play, and this one's probably their most promising one by far. LEGO Worlds is an Openworld Lego game where you can build stuff out of lego pieces, so if you just want to play with legoes on your 1337 gaming PC you can, but if you want you can just explore the randomly generated world flying around with your dragon or drilling thru the ocean waters with your drill while looking for that damn musket. The only problem I have with this game right now is the lack of content ,as to be expected with early access titles, but this is definately one to keep your eyes on if you've ever played a LEGO game and enjoyed it."
76561198065372927,Recommended,332310,16614209,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,MrUnknownDerps,i just think this game is awsome i mean yes it is a bit laggy sometimes. it is well minecraft in lego well hi nd just lol jostjdak;sdh;ufTHE END10.5/10
76561198014607072,Recommended,332310,16614333,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Cytwex,"A good start.   The game is pretty much what I expected which was a endless open world that you can build with legos with.  You can get pretty detailed with it too.   Don't get me wrong though this is not minecraft and the building system in this has got some major flaws which make it hard to use but then again you can also get pretty detailed in your builds on here.One of the problems I disliked the most was that trying to build any thing inside a cave or any enclosed space is almost impossible because the camra spazzs out.   While the third person camra is great for playing and exploring it's horrible for building. I wanted to relive my old days with the Rock Raiders but because the camra has to try and keep both you and the selection on the screen it spazzes out through the cave walls constantly making it really really to build any thing underground or inside buildings..Another thing when using the prefab stuff like the castle wall, works but you have to fly around to place it and every time you choose something else to place like a corner prefab you have to exit out of the place menu which drops you out of the sky forcing you to reline up your placements every single time you change prefabs.If you can get a handle on the controls which isn't super hard just frustrating you can build some pretty epic citys in this game.  I'm looking forward to future updates as this game can go really far if the devs manage to get the wonky camra controls tied down."
,Recommended,332310,16616361,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Kaalund,this is an awesome game!I really would recommend it i know its in early acces but still!! so much funi have really enjoyed it gl to all of you<3
,Recommended,332310,16617097,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,sensei,Bought the gameStarted a new gameLooked to the leftFound a dragonBest fun i've had in all my life
,Recommended,332310,16500932,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,QUAN_SULO,LOVE IT!!! I LOVE LEGOOOOO :D
,Recommended,332310,16501374,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,skalli,"nice if ur on drugs needs more of a feeling that ure actually achieving something, also id like a classic building mode e.g u get to build ""with your hands""as this is like super early version i'll give it a yes anyway, hoping for cool stuff in the future"
76561198155790334,Recommended,332310,16501744,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Sabertooth,"I really enjoy the game! Im excited for the new updates to come, Its a little dull right now but if they do it right it'll be great! also FIrst Person, i want..."
76561198138804667,Recommended,332310,16501746,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Doggy Dylan,My favorite game with so much to do it da bomb
,Recommended,332310,16501889,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,WinnieDaAuchwitz☭,Found a Dog and started riding it11/10 IGN
76561198146664574,Recommended,332310,16501910,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Andrei,"This is the best LEGO game ever made.You may call it similar to minecraft, but there a lot of differences.The graphics for a game like this are amzing.I deffinitely recomend it."
76561198064327267,Recommended,332310,16215717,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Sir Daniel Fortesque,"HOLY BRICKS THIS GAME IS BRICKIN AMAZINGGraphics- Really good for a pre-release game, shaders done wellPreformence- With max settings, it runs a solid 20 FPS on my computer, hopefully will be fixed soonQUICK TIP: set the direct X version to 9 and it runs much smootherGameplay- Solid controls with keyboard and mouse, menus hard to navigate howeverContent- LOTS of content for an early access game, so many creatures, characters, and buildings to unlock as you explore aroundSummary- Good graphics, good controls, frame rate issues, iffy menus, and lot's of contentRating: 8.5/10"
,Recommended,332310,16504547,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,SkulledDeath,"First playthrough:Skydived out of the sky landing in a ocean, tried curving my dude near a beach so i wouldnt get wet, only hit the edge of water. got up like nothing happened, hit a chest to open it and gave me studs (lego currancy ingame) killed a skeleton and a phalantongist. met a cave women, she ran from me so i let her live. rode a horse and a buggy, did nothing interesting with it, built a house set out in the ocean, came with: 2 people, lawn mower, car, pool, house, grill and a small lawn. then built my own lawn mower and got in a highspeed chase with the cave women with it into the ocean only to destroy the lawn mower. then got a horse and swam all the way across the ocean until i arrived at a desert I then ditched the horse for a bull. I started bucking all the plants and then climbed a pyramid. then i went to a volcanic area only too run into the lava with the bull, then climed a volcano to sacrfice the bull for the glory of the lego god10/10 would play again"
76561198051710214,Recommended,332310,16504873,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Matt Powers,"The lego franchise has all ways been fun. My son and I play nearly every lego game together. This one has a lot of potential. Lots to unlock, build just about anything, climb up anything, graphics are about the same as the others, action, battling, horse riding, vehicle driving, landscaping and much more.Only thing I could recommend is first person for tight spots and pre-built maps (with towns or villages).I recommend this game to anyone who has a decent PC or Laptop. Just because it's a lego game doesn't mean it doesn't require some decent hardware."
76561198206790672,Recommended,332310,16631559,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,sizzor 08,Absalutely Brilliant. 10/10
76561198137697794,Recommended,332310,16631679,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Tempest,yes
,Recommended,332310,16635691,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Spanky McGilligan,For the Early Access price it's a good bang for buck. It put a bit of stress on my older PC and I lot frames but it was still playable.I had a blast pulling out the instructions for my vast childhood Lego collection and making them in game. I'm looking forward to multiplayer.
,Recommended,332310,29432187,Posted: 22 January,all,MuensterQ,"I initially gave this game a thumbs down while it was in early access, but now that it's complete, I have to say it is fun and addictive."
76561198031139060,Recommended,332310,17492888,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,DarkBlade,"If you want to build. Buy this game! This Lego game is not like the other Lego games. This is much better. You can build and destroy. The only thing that Lego worlds need, is the playable ghost character.I've collected some Lego figures irl. I dont know, why. I usually like to watch them. Specially ghost figures!But in this game, you can build, customize, travel, discover, do quests, play online, fight, split screen and of course, kill humans.If you don't have any Legos, buy this game. No one is gonna destroy your hard work by building with Legos in game.Let your trash become true!"
76561197994950481,Recommended,332310,32790869,Posted: 25 June,all,joelkk,I havent played this as much but I remember not spending more than $5 bucks on the early access. I think the game got a PR Marketing boost and its price Soared. I assume the game being ported to consule has to do with this. I like the game. I played when there was no Questing elements. Try playing Trove its more fun than this.
,Recommended,332310,30400408,Posted: 8 March,all,Qahne,"I had reviewed this game previously, and was very disappointed in how the game had changed since its Early Access release. While I wouldn't have recommended it a few months ago, there was a lot of clamouring for improvement, and I'm delighted to say that TT delivered; the introduction of a Sandbox mode is a welcome addition, and though the first few hours are a bit too linear, the scope of the game quickly broadens, expanding as you reach further toward 100 Gold Bricks. While it initially seemed gimmicky, the Gold Bricks do a good job at giving some direction to an otherwise rambling style, and the huge amount of small quests (many of which are, in fact, chained together, enabling a real sense of progression), bricks, props and characters to collect makes for a very relaxing game that won't leave you wanting for things to do as you roam the galaxy. The cherry on top is the free updates, keeping the game fresh, and I especially anticipate that the upcoming Survivor update will add a whole other level to the game. I'm very glad I stuck with the game while the developers responded to criticism, and I praise them for their attentiveness, as the game really is much improved compared to the initial release."
,Recommended,332310,16147136,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,branpurn,"I was surprised that they released this from Early Access. All you really have are a few types of quests for the adventure mode, but thankfully there's lots of high quality LEGO content. Buy it for the sandbox if not for the ""campaign."" Maybe they'll add a more substantive adventure mode in the future, but I'm not holding my breath.As someone who digs LEGO, the entire world is literally made of bricks and you can build essentially whatever you would want with an impressively wide range of bricks at your selection. Local split-screen multiplayer is a great addition from other TT LEGO games. If you like the brand, you'll probably like the game. I can't say I'd recommend it to everyone though. If you have a shorter attention span and need led on by the game rather than the sandbox, you may be disappointed."
76561198064739029,Recommended,332310,24065046,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Zorb,Definately a very fun sandbox game. Don't pay $30  unless you are a lego fan but but on a sale pick it up.
,Recommended,332310,32976340,Posted: 28 June,all,Inkadinkadoo,"This is a great game to just chill out to, you can explore and unlock new characters to play as, each with their own unique attacks and such, you get full creative freedom to create whatever you could possibly think of with LEGOs. It's a LEGO sandbox!Cons: No Pizaz"
76561198265835216,Recommended,332310,33098918,Posted: 1 July,all,|||__|||__|||,THIS IS REALLY GOOD GAME
,Recommended,332310,33141620,Posted: 2 July,all,Tom,Good fun
,Recommended,332310,16688100,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Mr. Meeseeks,"So much fun, doesn't matter how old you are. Its all the fun of playing with legos, without the nightmare of cleaning up after"
,Recommended,332310,33058571,Posted: 30 June,all,{pl}Tomaek13,I LIKED THE OLD VERSION because it was less laggy with much more bigger worlds
76561198396514816,Recommended,332310,32978381,Posted: 29 June,all,pahulgaming,ewfa
76561198342864427,Recommended,332310,31927171,Posted: 23 May,all,A3L,Game crashes often. I have a perfectly functioning computer with other games. Computer exceeds maximum requirements. Contacted support and they are guiding me through steps to resolve issue.Tech support helped me resolve the crashing issue.
76561198199609243,Recommended,332310,32448699,Posted: 15 June,all,alextrax05,omg this game is great its all about having your imagination go wild this game gives me lots of joy every time i play itits probably the funnest game ever
76561198352045079,Recommended,332310,32617963,Posted: 21 June,all,falloutbuilder1,this game is so fun i played since early access and its so fun its definly worth those $30 and theres so much to build and explore so definitly get this than that soda.#10/10wouldbuyaagain
76561198246965838,Recommended,332310,33191684,Posted: 3 July,all,Cozmic Wolf,"by far the most greatest lego game you could ever play, by te way add me if you wanna play together"
76561198138574649,Recommended,332310,16357511,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,CaptainCrimsonjack,"The game was great in the begining discovering different characters, items, buildings, and bricks. You can't play way to long because after you get 100 gold bricks the game has nothing else to do so it does not have replay value."
,Recommended,332310,16192003,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,WizardJeremy,"The Open World Sandbox LEGO game we've all been wantingLEGO Worlds is a open world quest-filled exploration game with an amazing building system and character selection. Discover and explore in all the biomes and worlds that you can as well as collecting as many gold bricks and studs as you can, the more gold bricks you collect the more powerful tools you unlock.Use a vast array of items and tools that you can play around with, ride a whole bunch of cool vehicles and even some creatures like horses, pigs, bears, or dragons. Build whatever you want with LEGO bricks just like in real life. You can even play co-op with friends and explore together.Pros:- Make your own custom character from the pieces of other characters you discover.- Vast worlds that grow bigger and bigger.- Discover tons and tons of new creatures and minifigs.- Use creative tools to shape the terrain, paint bricks, and even build.- Many civilisations to discover (Medieval, Wild West, City, etc.)- Co-op- Loads of fun vehicles- Loads of cool creatures- A vast amount of characters you can play as.- Sandbox ModeCons:- There maybe a few bugs here and there.- After discovering everything there isn't much to do other than build and messing around with what you have.- Alot of the quests are very repetitive.My Rating: 10/10"
76561198024522105,Recommended,332310,33167217,Posted: 2 July,all,Fuge74,"this is the open world lego video game many of us imagined as a kid. which is good  because it will be fun for yours. smash stuff, quarky lego humor, build preset structures on top of each other, fly a dragon and terrorize a western town... errr sorry I haven't gtten that far, but there was a dragon mount, right? guys?ultra flashy, but a mild 3D openworld. wear some sun glasses.best lego game I played on my computer since PC games would crash soon after starting (1990s). nothing too differnt from it's consel counterparts and almost seems to be the same with an option to place stuff in game. I smell the DLC as it reaches into your wallet.this game achieved its goal, I had early access and the game, while a much smaller map than what was intended, it is very efffective at carrying out its creators' goals."
76561198082550991,Recommended,332310,32538729,Posted: 18 June,all,Haloween-ish username,it's minecraft. Except it's LEGO and stuff.It's something more than minecraft
,Recommended,332310,18336272,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Ben,Fantastic game insparational a thing to improve would definitily be support like for mac such a great game should be for everyone not just windows users
,Recommended,332310,30381161,Posted: 7 March,all,otecon0,"ever since the performance patch, everything has been fixed, everything works great frame rates, no lag, its perfect, still getting the han of the new mechanics, way different from early access lol, been exploring different planets and now that the patch came out and everything is fixed, im happy to say ill be exploring some more and see what else i can find!"
,Recommended,332310,18420657,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Thrsti,We Need More Brick Builds But Besides That It's Awesome But LAGGY
76561198100240251,Recommended,332310,30561033,Posted: 16 March,all,-hg- SonicStar13,It's a fun game If you like open world Sandbox games .
76561198069989747,Recommended,332310,18124622,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,hexendude1994,"Highly recommend this game. Very constructive. VERY lego. You can deconstruct, build, and discover more items to build with the more you explore (just an incentive to explore more). The vehicles are amazing, and so are the weapons and such.The only downside is it seems to lack functionality among brick building. You can't build a sliding door, you can't build anything with wheels, and you can't make anything that flaps. I'm hoping to see things like doors that can open, fps option, more parts to build with (like wheel hubs, special connector pieces, gears etc), definitely needs a few more characters, such as the Ninja legos.Despite these downsides, I believe in the near future this game will be complete. I highly enjoy playing this game. You should buy this immediately without hesitation. It comes with a lot more than it looks like, and you'll need at least 10-20 hours to get used to the game and learn what all you can and can't do to really understand how far along they are on progress."
,Recommended,332310,30561300,Posted: 16 March,all,Motugs,"This game is amazing! Though building is difficult and time consuming it is made up for entirely by the adventure and copying tool. The only thing I have to say negative about it is the bugs, which I'm sure will be fixed in due time."
,Recommended,332310,18412435,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Leaf,gg
,Recommended,332310,18344324,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,FilipPlays,I love games that are open world sandbox like minecraft its fun and i recommend for kids and people that enjoy lego games and minecraft :)
,Recommended,332310,18329840,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,rionegroesolimões.2002,I can finally play with Lego without stepping on it.
,Recommended,332310,30549584,Posted: 16 March,all,FalthyFronk,"Hey, Thats Pretty Good!Ps. just a little tidbit, the controller does not work during online play please investigate!"
,Recommended,332310,18375688,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,z0ionut,Lego Worlds. My Child Hood Revied
,Recommended,332310,18377518,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,AUSSIE,Great game i hav enjoyed it sooo much
76561198213726357,Recommended,332310,18372504,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,ThePixelNinja,This is the best lego game ever!  It may run a litttle slow but it is the one of the best games!
,Recommended,332310,16255676,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,RichieRics,"I had this game since very early in early access. At first I loved the exploration, but after a while it gave nothing more than running around without purpose, looking for more pieces. So I left the game, I didn't have online part, and I didn't have any idea to build something from scratch. But now, after release, I am glad I bought back then. Now I'm not just roaming in worlds, I have a purpose, and tha athmosphere just makes me build an ideal accomodation for myself. I can totally recommend it now, and I hope the update will come just the same as in early access."
,Recommended,332310,19551724,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,AwesomeNex,All about exploring. If you're a lego lover and an exploration lover this is the game for you!
,Recommended,332310,19551850,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,LOGiiKZ,"If you want to play this game because you think it is some kind of Minecraft clone, then you're wrong for thinking that. This is its own game, it is a little hard to get used to at first but once you start to understand how this game plays it becames extremely fun.The best part for me is the exploring, sure you can stay in one area and try to build some amazing structure. But going out into this world that only gets bigger the more you explore is better. You get to meet different lego characters (not any name brand ones but cool ones that you can use to customize your own), see new landscapes, and collect different legos sets and props(Found in chests or on the landscapes).This game is not the perfect Lego game we all want, but given time it can prove to be a pretty awesome sandbox game!"
76561198093520091,Recommended,332310,19438480,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,James,LLLLLLLLLLLLLLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
76561198091325955,Recommended,332310,16146701,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Subporter,"A lot of people are comparing to minecraft, But as of now, I would only compare it to the single player version. And compared to that, this almost tops minecraft. All this game needs is a reason not to die(there is not much risk), Multiplayer(obvisouly), and better survival(exploring is amazing, but you need something to do besides find hidden objects and stuff). The price is worth it, though lowering it about 2-5 dollars wouldn't hurt anyone. The Camera controls could use a little tweaking with, but it doesn't hinder the game becuase you just get use to it over time. I only played 2 hours so far, and it is more than what i thought it would be. I just hope they don't add paid DLCs(unless its a multiplayer add on) or not update it. I recommend this game 100%, even more so if you are looking for a alternative to minecraft."
,Recommended,332310,16146791,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Toaster Kitten,"Extremely fun. Just when you think you have everything, you find a new item that ups the fun even more. One thing I think would be exteremly cool to have would be Steam Workshopsupport"
,Recommended,332310,16143051,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Bot24x,A childhood dream come true
76561198054975289,Recommended,332310,16146844,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Jwb1997,One of the absolute best games of all time. While the game certainly could use some more features and better optimization as it stands this game is a fantastic sandbox that i managed to spend an hour in just roaming around and it was one of the best gaming experiences that ive had in the last several years.
76561197968533929,Recommended,332310,16146856,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,magnetmannen,if you like lego.
76561198081021677,Recommended,332310,16146867,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Argus,"LEGO Worlds is an awesome game with a lot of potential (capable to replace minecraft one day), it works great and a lot of customization and possibilities to create anything you can imagine but of course in the lego style, but for now there is not much stuff to do, i mean, you can create and explore the world but there is no story, missions, not much to do.I recommend this game but for those waiting to play a ultra lego adventure with tons of things to do, i think its better to wait until the Devs add more stuff. Thanks"
76561197993426504,Recommended,332310,16146928,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,PsychoGus,"Fell out of sky next to some yeti's, punched one yeti than I became one myself.Found a club in a Japanese style tower and started clubbing innocent scientists.Jumped on the back of a bear and started mauling the hordes of screaming skeletons.11/10, would become club weilding yeti and terrorise everyone again"
,Recommended,332310,16147177,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Coyote Trickster,A game that makes you relive your childhood fantasy play times.Being early access it's incomplete so you don't have things like set goals or tasks...   yet I apparently spent 7 hours exploring randomly.I can't..  stop...  playing hfadgSDFHFADJGDJGA...   LOOK A BIG CHEST!Banana!   *Kills vampire with Banana*It's Super Effective!
76561198055537250,Recommended,332310,16142718,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Aragorn The 9,"This game is friggin awesome! It is the lego game everyone has waited for. Because now! FOR the FIRST time, EVERYTHING, IS,  literally LEGO!!! WHOOOOOOOOOOOOooooOOOOooSeriously though this game is really fun. And looks incredible.There are 2 main ""modes"" you could say to this game.MODE 1. Adventure.This mode plays out a lot like any normal lego game. This includes movement and interacting with your environment. Just like any lego game you can bash various structures in the world to get coins. These coins are used to unlock more characters and virtually anything you find in the game.The more you wonder around the more you discover. Basically any person, animal. vehicle, and small structures in the world can be be unlocked and placed back down again anywhere you want. At least once you have discovered them.There are several different biomes which all have unique things that spawn in them.MODE 2. Building.Since every little cube in the world is rendered as an individual lego brick it allows you to customize EVERYTHING! There are some very helpful tools to change large chunks of the world very rapidly. Which means you can make mountains out of hills in a mater of seconds. Of course you can also build block by block to make anything you can think of. Whats even better is that anything you build can be saved into a library of sorts and put down anywhere else in the world.This game is definitely worth the 15 dollar price tag."
76561198090561456,Recommended,332310,16147212,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,rapteratak,"So far the best of both worlds, I can spend my money on Lego and video games. The music is sensational. The graphics run beutifully on even midrange pcs. 10/10"
76561198143404213,Recommended,332310,16147365,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,BEARPISS,I think this game is awesome it just needs a little bit more work and since it's in beta it's perfect.  I recommend getting this game it's cheap and fun and really great game.
,Recommended,332310,16147443,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Dannyman52,found a diggerbegan running over all civilians in sighttripped on my own diving board14.5/10 will be playing forever
,Recommended,332310,16147501,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Killer Soup,"Yeah... if you are reading this, buy this game and say good bye to your friends and family because, your social life is going to be gone. Its amaze-balls 10/10. I would sell my kidney for this game, but its only $14.99... Some people would say that's an amazing deal, and I am that some people. Take it from me, you will not regret it. 10/10. Amazing"
76561197996958235,Recommended,332310,16147659,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,TacticalDan,"Holy bricks is this game cool! Very well done early access, no huge bugs yet. Still trying to figure out how they manage so many little bricks in the terrain and trees. And hey, it's the first Lego game where you can ""play Lego""."
,Recommended,332310,16147664,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,SmilingSkull,I like the game a ton its great I just wish the camera control was better and was more controllable via mouse. the Lego building has a ton of way to go before its perfect but it softens my heart to see Lego going back to what made them great and that was the freedom to build out of your imagination and at that point the only limits set are whatever you can possibly come up with. This great has great potential and I would recommend it to anyone who wants to feel like a kid again with the freedom to roam your imagination.
76561198038178050,Recommended,332310,16147776,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,D8gerzone,So first things first... This is a early access game... Its not finished... What you see in the trailer is basically what you get...The build mode isn't very user friendly at the moment. However if you have the patience I'm sure you can create some very neat looking stuff.The meat of the game is basically explore and uncover the lego world the game gives you. Its kind of fun just exploring but the game as of  june 2 2015 is not very immersive.I killed two hours and had fun but I reccomenmd you hold out for more updates before purchasing
76561198069830819,Recommended,332310,16147967,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Limeade,"Flattened a mountain, built a foundation, killed a wizard to take its form and learned fire ball magic and destroyed my worst enemies, found a polar bear and domesticated it, built a house rode a dragon, destroyed the house to build a better one and punched trees with my bare hands to make room to build.11/9 - best game"
,Recommended,332310,16148036,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Obi Wan Kotey,"THE GAME IS NOT COMPLETE, IT IS A WORK IN PROGRESS! So far the stability and content were far more than I expected. If you have played LEGO Batman 2 or LEGO Marvel Superheroes the mechanics are pretty much the same. There is not a lot in the variety department just yet but it has MASSIVE potential at where it is at. Customization is going to be stellar when it is ready. The fact that there is a menu item that is labeled kits just terrifies me with the amount of stuff to come. At $15 there may not seem to be much there but MineCraft started with a $10 early access and look at where it wound up. Only downside so far is like any LEGO game from TT Games there is no  windowed mode and I hope that is an added feature for this game."
76561197975141015,Recommended,332310,16148257,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Stardust,"It brought my childhood back, it also brought in Skyrim, Minecraft, and all the other Lego Games.13/10 would ride bears again"
,Recommended,332310,16148312,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Kambuja,"Could use more hostile mobs. I got my money's worth about an hour in. I now have an eagle, a dragon, and the ability to shoot fire. And that isn't even close to the end."
,Recommended,332310,16126481,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,daFthawk,"EA so obviously not a lot of content yet, but still already a fun exploration and discovery game. Can't wait to see what gets added and what people are able to do. Already worth the $15 EA price."
,Recommended,332310,16126499,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Nurse Tickle Me,Bruh...
,Recommended,332310,16126502,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,-It'smeLeo,"I used to play with LEGO when I was a child, it was really fun. I REALLY waited for a game like this.An open world, free build LEGO game... Brilliant, seriously, not only brilliant but AMAZING :DYou can do whatever you want to do. Amazing job LEGO."
76561198045650941,Recommended,332310,16126565,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Drathix,the game itself is great the movement is terrible though i am hoping that gets redone
,Recommended,332310,16126657,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Magluf,"First hour of playing I found a horse, a drilling car and a dragon to ride....Then I found a cow and I thought 'Can I ride the cow?'10/10 would choose the cow over the others again."
76561198089228042,Recommended,332310,16126734,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,OwlBeanie,"When I learned that I missed out on Lego Universe, I realized that I really wanted to have a video game where I could build and explore a Lego world. This game is the answer!! Thank you Lego Company, for creating such an awesome game!Okay, now that my fan-boy is out, lets cut to the chase.Pros:+The game is well done. It's not fully done, but it has an amazing start!+Randomly generated worlds. I realized quickly that this game could get old very quickly, but with random worlds, you can start a new adventure easily.+Cheap unlockables. In this game, you collect 'studs' from destroying plants and discovering chests. These 'studs' allow you to buy unlockables such as vehicles, playable minifigures, props, and animals. The prices seem reasonable, so I don't think that it'll be an issue to unlock them.Cons:-Camera and controls are sluggish. It's very hard to move smoothly and the camera gets in the way a lot.-Not a whole lot of interactivity with npcs. There are npc minifigures scattered across the worlds. All they seem to do, however, is move around and attack skeletons.-Not much of a tutorial. Now, there is a helpful info box in the lower right hand corner, but the game could benefit from a basic tutorial.-The worlds could be a bit larger, if not have more than one island. I don't know if I simply haven't found the right world yet, but I don't like that all the ones I've found are a single island.One big thing about this game, is that it's only single-player. I know the game is in Early Access, so I hope they add this feature soon. The game gets very quiet with it only being one player. One thing they'll have to get around is how easy it is to destroy terrain. So I hope they make a way to prevent a player from destroying another player's builds on accident... Or purpose... >:)Anyway, I would definitely recommend this game to any Lego enthusiast. This is the game we've all been dying for!I give it a 7/10. It's a birlliant idea and I hope it all works out! But they need to fix the clumsy controls and it HAS to have multiplayer! It wouldn't be Legos without interactivity with other people."
,Recommended,332310,16126741,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Volanndra,It's virtual LEGO BricksThat's all you need to know
,Recommended,332310,16126823,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Rainbowkitten,U CAN RIDE A DRAGON
,Recommended,332310,16126901,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Teamcolin,"This game captures what it is like to explore and create in a fully, and truly, LEGO world.Haven't spent much time with the building tools yet but I know they are comprehensive. A few glitches in the UI and navigation but otherwise a solid surprise.  As early access, this is especially exciting to see how it grows, and what their plan for it is. Really looking forward to more ""Sets"" in the game. Recommend for any LEGO or Sandbox style game fans (or people who want to play as a yeti and ride a dragon).Go forth Master Builders!"
,Recommended,332310,16127022,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,c5,"I've always been a huge fan of the Lego Games from the 90's, and even though I've enjoyed many  of the previous Traveller's Tales lego games, I've oftentime been frustrated by their repetition and with the lack of actual building they have compared to the original series of games like Lego Racers and Lego Creator. Lego Worlds is not only a fresh of breath air, playing very differently from Traveller's Tale's other lego games, but feels like a modernized version of the Lego Creator concept, which was always one of my favorites. This is an open world exploration game that lets you build things, which is awesome. I've seen Lego Worlds compared to Minecraft, but I actually wouldn't say that's a very apt comparison. Lego worlds has a very different feel, being focused on unlocking and building things, whereas minecraft, while still very exploration-focused, is about, well..... mining and crafting. In it's current state, you can drive a handful of vehicles, explore several different biomes, unlock several characters, place several pre-built creations, plus build your own things, albeit with a very limited selection of bricks. Overall the experience is fairly polished for an early access game, but content the game currently provides, although varied in some aspects, kind of wears thin after a while. I don't doubt that there will be a ton of stuff added soon though, so I think it will be interesting to see how this game develops and it seems like the developers are keeping good contact with the fans and listening to feedback. Right now the biggest issue is the painful lack of brick types to build with. Despite this, it's super fun to explore the world and see which characters you run into and what props you unlock, plus the vehicles are extremely fun to drive. The game also features a fairly robust platforming system, allowing you to climb and hang from cielings with amazing agility. Normally, I don't go for early access games, and maybe you shouldn't quite rush out to get this one yet, but this Lego Worlds is polished and promising, and I'd say 15 dollars is a good price for what you're getting."
,Recommended,332310,16127417,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Sirisian,"This is going to be the greatest game ever. I am so glad they did this. Note I'm only two hours or so in, but I can tell there's so much potential."
,Recommended,332310,16127459,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Robat ;=;'',FIX WINDOWED THEN IT WOULD BE GREATTT!!!
,Recommended,332310,16127480,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Chris Benoit™,"This game is unbelievable. So much potential, so much to do, so many things to discover.11/10 Get This Game"
,Recommended,332310,16800439,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,yahar'gul,"I honestly didn't think I would like it, but this is fun as crap (yes, crap is fun). Most lego games I have, I only played once, I continue to play this because it has more to explore and even after you find everything, you try to get enough money to buy it all."
,Recommended,332310,16802049,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Donatello,Good game but lack stoy pretty bland after abit of exploring
,Recommended,332310,16803217,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,ore wa gundamu,"I have purchased this game yesterday and I'm already in LOVE with it. If you like fighting, exploring, fining unique items, building, role playing, or just messing around, this game is for YOU!I really enjoy how when you find a vehicle animal or character, you can buy it and spawn it in when ever you want.I also enjoy how character customization is based off of the purchased minifigs that you have found, and using their parts to create your own.In conclusion, I highly recommend this game to EVERYONE! It fits very popular game types like rpg, third person shooter, and sanbox.This game cant get any better! (but if you're adding big updates *cough* multiplayer, *cough* then I'm not stopping ya)"
,Recommended,332310,16803581,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Rezlox,"This game is truely amazing even in the early access... you can adventure,build,fight, and what ever you want.I bought this game because I played Lego Universe and it was a blast but since ive been looking for a good lego game.I love lego games I think they are funny.-Player Customization-Open world-Sandbox-AmazingRecommend even in early access"
,Recommended,332310,16806650,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Alwayzzz Alone,If you dont like legos you will like this game. If you like legos you will apsolutly love this game
76561198074995868,Recommended,332310,16565278,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Shoot Da Cheese! = Madness!:3,"Wanna know how good it is? Its my 2nd Gmod. When you go around, you look and you see something in the distance. When you get to it, see something else in the distance. And the cycle goes on. Ill keep playing it and I hope whatever i have already found is just 0.1 percent of the whole game. Enjoy!! :3 !._.!"
,Not Recommended,332310,16568067,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,UrbanFury,It's fun for a few hours but it gets boring too quick.
,Recommended,332310,16568477,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Axurazi,"Great game, very visually satisfying. My two complaints so far are that you can't zoom the camera in or out when building so you're stuck with whichever distance decides the camera should be from what you're building which is a hassle for detail work. Would love a fix, and it probably wouldn't be too complicated to implement.The second thing is that the color tool in the world builder is a bit less than precise and leads to some very sloppy looking objects. this would be easily negated if the build tool would let you build in any solid or mixed color but for some unknown reason it doesn't. That aside I totally love the game and look forward to spending hours upon hours with it."
76561198134795606,Recommended,332310,16568697,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Zar'roc,loved really just 2 things it needs a map system and multiplayer so you can show and share stuff youve found
76561198111757157,Recommended,332310,16569554,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,DFWReese,vtgtbfnundbvf
,Recommended,332310,16575595,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Minimemyth,Man So Much To Do So much to exploreyou always think you have all chars cars planes everything
,Recommended,332310,16575706,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,CallOfDutyShootAMan,"The game has a lot of potential, and looks great. I would like to see a story line or quest system, and a multiplayer mode. This could be a better version of Lego Universe"
76561198042085495,Recommended,332310,16576643,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,he who condemns,"when this game gets fully released, it's gonna be bloody amazing."
76561198201430157,Recommended,332310,16578891,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Josh IQC,"Lego Worlds is one of the best games that i have ever played!!! There are no crashes, or bugs for my version.In the future i would like to see some more sets being built and possibly items and characters/creatures for:Star Wars*Harry PotterMarvelLOTR/HobbitDCJurrasic World*Please add some of these features!*Most important"
,Not Recommended,332310,16742824,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,rex4522,"Lego World's content is lacking the most and I have done everything that is worth it in the game. Sure I could play another few hours and gather a mushroom or something but there is no feel of acheivement at all. I would like to build my own submarine that can both fly and go underwater and express my creativity throughout Lego Worlds but as of the beta I can't. All this game is about is exploring, collect this helicopter so you can fly and explore more, get this gun so you can kill people and collect their skins. There is nothing else really about this game. You can build your own lego creations block by block but the UI for it is too complicated. Also whenever I play I have to suffer the bad camera and too dramatic cutscences when I explore. Until this game gets out of beta I wouldn't recommend it.7/10"
76561198227448308,Recommended,332310,16744330,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,PervertSoda,i like this game because lego!!
76561198203407916,Recommended,332310,16745080,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,ivey1122,online multiplayer should be here soon local multiplayer should be here NOW!
76561198103174040,Recommended,332310,16745129,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Zirconium Sandwich,"Till so far this is a very decent game. Once you dive into your first world it already looks quite complete. From using mounts and vehicles, designing own character all the way to building your own towns, this game delivers that.Once you've done all that though, it clearly misses some bits. But that's the reason it is in Early Access!!Was actually surprised on the graphics it delivers, even on DirectX 9 mode.On its current pricetag and content I can honistly say  its worth the price. And with more content updates and even multiplayer incoming you'll not regret getting this game. Especially if the developers keep following their already quite loyal fanbase! Ow yeah, did I mention that its a completely destructable envireoment!? (for the chaos lovers among us)Get this game if you are into builder/sandbox games and love the sound of lego in the morning. ;)"
,Recommended,332310,16734797,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Sardonic Bastard,"When i was younger i loved to play with lego sets. I would go out to Toys R Us or Kmart and i would get sets of Lego. Then i saved and saved and saved. And i bought an Xbox 360. The first game i bought for it was Lego Batman. I enjoyed the game but i couldnt do all the things i did with my Legos that i bought from Kmart. I slowly became and older and tired of the Lego franchise. I then went on to build my own pc. About 2-3 weeks ago i saw PaulsoaresJr (Sorry if i spelt it wrong) playing a game called Lego Worlds. I saw him punching skeletons, i saw him riding a dragon, i saw him make mountains and build towns. And i was like OH MY GOSH a Lego game which actually is what Lego should be.Lego worlds is Building, Exploring, Driving, Fighting, Loot just all thsi stuff. Now fo the in-depth review.I recently bought Lego Worlds, ive noew played a few hours and think that i have got a good idea of what the game is all about. Granted that this is an Early Access game so ofcourse there are going to be loads of bugs which is fine because its an early access game. So i will not be mentioning these bugs in the review, i will mention them far, far below for the devs to read, but i will also put a bug report in for them as well. Anyway Lego Worlds, i am proud to say is extremely fun. You will sit there for hours looking around the island for new vehicles and new loot that you get from massive chests. I literally just found a bazooka, A BAZOOKA! I then proceeded to blow massive holes through a mountain. The game looks amazing as well. The shadows and glare that come off of the lego blocks looks beautiful. Not only the galre but the amount of detail in everything is insane. They have their own animations to use a BBQ, to dive into a swimming pool, to get the mail and so much more. I look forward to further patches to see this game grow into something even greater.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Some fun stuff i can confirm that you can do:You can ride a dragon through a rainbow tunnelYou can Ride a fat pigYou can ride a skateboard down a mountainYou can beat up a yetiYou can build a pirate shipYou can drive a boatYou can fly a plane like an idiotYou can wear a beardYou can ride a goat-And you can do other AWSOME stuff--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The Bugs, (note i will put forward a bug report for all of these bugs which i have listed)-There is a bug where if you Shift+Tab during playing Lego Worlds you will no longer be able to turn using right click.-There is a bug where large quantities of Lego Blocks flicker in the distance.-There is a bug where people and animals get stuck between trees, you can see them glitching between them."
,Recommended,332310,16750080,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,SpartanMPCO,Minecraft + Lego Bonus = Awesome and addicting!
,Recommended,332310,16750407,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,ANG3LIC,"My story thus far.Flew down to ground like superman with clipped wings.Saw a lego native driving a buggy while laughing at me.Powerbombed her car, killed her, collect her blocks and stole her car.Best GTA sim 2015"
,Not Recommended,332310,16750911,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Sylnsr,Super super laggy. Basically unplayable at this point.  I'll get back to Rift instead.  I hope they fix it soon.
,Recommended,332310,16751478,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,[fez],"Ambushed an unsuspecting skeleton with bananas, and built a swimming pool over his grave.Ole Kirk Christiansen would be proud.11/10"
,Recommended,332310,16751586,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,DiGiTyDarKMaN,Only one word is needed to describe this game.LEGO
,Recommended,332310,16481694,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Cosmic Cat (Iani99),"LEGO Worlds. I love this game, everything, and I mean EVERYTHING is LEGO, The water, the ground, the moon (Cosmedic though) and even the small dust effect (hard to notice though)If you like LEGO and Minecraft, you will LOVE this game. I whould love LEGO Star Wars, Hobbit and Batman (and other) as DLC or just in an future version, Thats all this game needs."
,Recommended,332310,16482109,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Svend97,"First of all, this is my first review. I am not pretty good at it, English is not my first language but I'll give it a try because I think that this game needs its reviews.There are multiple things that really need to change.The camera is in 3rd person - this is horrible. Moving is already pretty hard, but the 3rd person perspective makes moving harder than drinking tea while riding a dragon upside down. It's awful.Building - if you wan't to build, please don't buy it. Play Minecraft or another building game instead. I know that there are a lot of people who love to play with Lego again but now on a PC, but this game is simply not ready to be able to handle the building. The mechanics are bad, the camera is bad, and it will be pretty hard to build a decent house.Even though there are a lot of things that are great and makes this game wonderful.You have the discovering mechanism. Whenever you discover something, for example a horse, and you ride it or interact with it someway, it becomes yours. You can unlock it in the spawn-menu and you can call this horse whenever you want to.So, you see a new animal/vehicle, you interact with it, you go to this spawn menu, you buy it and you can always get it. You only have to buy it once, with in-game money (which is earned extremely fast, so don't bother yourself with that).This is one of the greatest things I've seen, and exploring is really rewarding.The same goes with props, small objects that you can find all over the world. I have had more fun with that than building a village in Minecraft.For example: there is a dark forest biome where some kind of cannibals live. I unlocked their props, which include tents and bonfires, and placed them somewhere, acting that those cannibals are uniting themselves. I built a castle, used my warlock (you can swith characters as well, same story as with the animals/vehicles) to change it into ruins and acted as if those cannibals defeated the people living within these walls. It was great, I felt like a child again.These wonderful experiences - flying with a dragon looking for chests, riding my horse through enormous hills, building a cannibal's camp - they are all great, and I know that this game shows a lot of potential.Don't expect a lot of content yet - after a couple of hours, you have seen everything, but it is definitely worth buying or at least keeping your eye on."
76561197983122470,Recommended,332310,16482661,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,ItzWolfie :3,i got all items plz update
,Recommended,332310,16482938,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Simp1yG,"I haven't done much experimenting with the game, but I've loved just running around, digging, discovering, blowing up crap with my rocket launcher - it's a lot of fun right out the get-go.The only thing I was disappointed in were the building mechanics.  It took a ton of tinkering and a ton of frustration trying to figure out how to build anything that wasn't a pre-built building.  I still don't have it down pat, but that's understandible since I've only had a few hours with the game.Maybe they plan on altering it as development continues, but after the great controls and pick-up-and-build nature of LDD, where you could do essentially anything you could think up without much trouble, this is a let down.  Like I said, I'm expecting it to change with future developments, but I worry that kids esspecially will have a really difficult time getting hang of the controls and therefore won't invest as much time into it.For now, I'd far rather build a model in LDD (which is hella awesome, btw that I can do that - great thinking!) and import it into LW, I just don't want to HAVE to do that, if you know what I mean."
,Recommended,332310,16483465,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Blueninja,really fun 10/10
76561198001410154,Recommended,332310,16484686,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,CoolGroove,"Can't wait for the official release... NEEDS multiplayer (local & web). It's quite hard on your pc right now, quite choppy as it loads terrain blocks by the hundreds... posibly billions and trillions of destructable bricks at a time as you navigate the map. Hopefuly it will run smoother soon. Adding a compass is a must, and adding more people, vehicles, items, and animals should be a no-brainer. That being said, i'm only 13.6 hrs into the game and have barely touched the tip of the iceberg with this one. So far so good! I'm loving it!"
,Recommended,332310,16486564,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Beepz,great game just the only thing is its hard to aim and for some reason when i played the game again today i could not move the camera with right-click dik why it wont pls fix this
76561198124024690,Recommended,332310,16233757,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Glob,"Wow. Best game I have played in a long time. Infact, this is the best LEGO game I have ever played and I can't wait for the new updates because tell me if im wrong but I think I have discovered everything in the game in 5 hours. If it even glimpses through youre mind about buying this game, buy it."
,Recommended,332310,16487160,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Orangeworth,If Jesus came back in the form of a video game.
,Recommended,332310,16487615,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,cashmaster,"Very cool game. Still a bit glitchy, but fun none the less. Lots of cool things to discover. Lots of vehicles, characters and tools. The building is fun too."
,Recommended,332310,16489115,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,TheDragonSmasher,Guys i just have two things to say: one being that it is the second greatest game i have ever played. Second if the developers are reding you should add dinosaurs and hippogryphs because Dinos are cool and Hippogryphs are majestic. Adding third thing for Developers again is you should add monsters that can attack you and that cocludes my five star rating review. XD :)
76561198146765596,Recommended,332310,16490498,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,JDawgRiggz,very fun to mix the highly loved lego video games and the playsets together. little bit unappling just because the menu is very complicated compared to minecraft but otherwise keep up the good work.
,Recommended,332310,16490950,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Microwave Mayo,this needs a survival mode otherwise it gets boring with no purpose apart from collecting different items around the open world which is simple to do and takes no longer than a few hours. the building with lego blocks is much harder than with blocks like on minecraft so users are less inclined to take up the task of placing block by block to build their creations this is not an angry review and is not review saying this game is rubbish or that minecraft is any better its just that i see this games potential and want it to achieve this
,Recommended,332310,16135739,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,josh_claws,It's like a third person perspective of what went on in your mind as a kid when thinking of what you could do with more lego.
,Recommended,332310,16135868,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Coach Hammsee | Mock-it Esports,"I personally love this game, it's i little far behind Minecraft in the fact that you can think of it as only creative mode but if they added a survival type of thing, it would open up loads more to do. until then you can ride just about any animal in the game and still feel like you're progressing with their 'unlock block shop' themed progression system. You basically find♥♥♥♥♥♥ buy the♥♥♥♥♥♥in game money) and then build with the♥♥♥♥♥♥you bought. To be honest, i jumped into the game thinking it would be a Minecraft rip off but it definitely going in a different sort of direction.If you were to compare this game to Minecrafts creative mode, this scores way higher, the detail hat you can use is overwelming. With terrain editing, premade structure build and much more.If you love the whole exploration side of things, it's pretty good, just when you think you have found everything, a werewolf comes out of nowhere and you kill it to gain jump abilities as well as a skin.as I said, it's not worth comparing this to minecraft  as mc is at full release and this is just an early alpha but it's a great time killer and great for going mental with you creativeness and exploring the vast lands."
,Recommended,332310,16135911,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Diablo,"I've just scratched the surface, but I'm already cackling with glee like a crazy person.All my dreams: realized."
,Recommended,332310,16135988,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Ameyama,Much potential here for a fantastic game. The building mode is fantastic with all your basic pieces and a variety of colours to choose from. The bonus of finding more intricate pieces / sets and characters add a great element to exploration. I found so many animals including a Husky to ride! Can't wait for future development.
,Recommended,332310,16136036,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Kam3k,"Instanty enormous fun, has huge potential.Character control is great, feels very polished. Just moving around in the world is fun. You can climb anything. Ride-able vehicles and animals are great.You can build really high, or dig really deep unlike Minecraft, I gave up trying to reach the vertical limit.Its quite beautiful, the world really looks like its made of plastic Legos, the screenshots don't do it justice. The use of varied shapes (tiles, slopes, plates, regular bricks) and colors in the procedural generation of terrain is impressive and very appealing. The ability of the engine to handle so many bricks on screen seems like an impressive technical achievement."
76561198061015626,Recommended,332310,16136037,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Jayun Darke,"This game is absolutely the best. I just log in and the first thing I remember is being a kid with my bags and boxes of legos. I definitely recommend this game for any age; Kids, adults. Dang man, there goes my life."
,Recommended,332310,16136563,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Ashuraman,"Saw a wizard.Killed a wizard.Became a wizard.Shot fireballs at another wizard.Found a dragon.Rode a dragon.Had my dragon shoot fireballs at skeletons and horses.Made a cave for my dragon inside a  volcano.THIS GAME!All i can say right now is if you´re a fan of LEGO,if you have plenty of imagination and are looking for an alternative to Minecraft give this game an honest try.And to the devs PLEASE go trough with your plans. The addition of dungeons,more content and multyplayer will only benefit this game"
76561198107941815,Recommended,332310,16132549,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Brian,a great game and for people who cant afford lego sets and can the developer make an ingame workshop tab to load somebody elses builds and a multiplayer mode and BTW U FOTGOT THE 1x1 SLANT PIECE
,Recommended,332310,16133636,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,john.turney,Wont play with my Nvidia shield. Game is still awesome but hopefully they will fix it.
,Recommended,332310,16133987,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,dlhitzeman,"So far, so good, Lego Worlds team. Now that I've puzzled out the controls, I'm digging exploring, and I like the item discovery method. I do wish the free building capabilities were a little more like Lego Digital Designer and I really, really, really want better level and fill tools.Other things I'm hoping for include a world map with annotation features, a building a vehicle editor. Also, some story hooks to keep things moving along would be good.I'll review again as the game gets more fleshed out."
76561198045253652,Recommended,332310,16134344,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Redbugman,mined with a bazooka 10/10
,Recommended,332310,16134596,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,WarpedPerspectiv,"This game is absolutely amazing. You can easily change the terrain in a flash, build different vehicles, there's guns, whole bunch of different types of blocks. It's literally one giant Lego set. There's a huge amount of characters you can change your main person into. Whenever you come across a new brick, you get the ability to use it right away. There's even different sets you can get and build in case you don't feel like sitting down and making a building brick by brick. If you feel that Minecraft wasn't as in depth as it could be, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,332310,16134633,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Kazuki たかつ,"You can be a yeti, that can ride an ostrich, that can hold a bazooka. Best game 11/10 would bang again"
,Recommended,332310,16134812,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,kooz,Spent 2 hours as a vampire cowboy leveling a mountain island off the face of the earth with a bazooka. 10/10
,Recommended,332310,16135405,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Dagda,You can play as a skeleton in a roadroller paving its way across the oceanPlay Lego Worlds
,Recommended,332310,16135440,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Deadeye Donny,10/10 Would Lego Again
76561198045043845,Recommended,332310,16135527,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Umbra Inu,"""YES!"" ... This is the answer to just about any question you could have about this game. Lets start with the short BAD list first and then we will hit the list of GOOD...- Is it glitchy?- Does the camera get stuck?- Is there a learning curve for the controls?- Is home building made difficult due to awkward controls?- Do you feel its overpriced for the current build?The answer to all those questions is ""YES!"". That is, however, not the end of this review. Now, the GOOD list...- Is the art style beautiful?- Is world discovery enjoyable?- Can I ride a dragon?- Is the game play itself imaginative and extremely promising?- Does this game show enough promise to justify paying for early access?Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes and Yes!This is such an interesting game that it will be extremely fun to see how it evolves over time. Many great systems are already in place to make an enjoyable experience but they do need some refinement. This is a very early alpha so if you are okay with playing a very unfinished game and your into world building games then you can not go wrong with Lego Worlds."
,Recommended,332310,16135590,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Matthew,This game is quite a bit of fun and you can do all sorts of things.  If you like building it's def worth picking up at 15 bucks.
,Recommended,332310,16227296,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Y23Y,"This game is fun and all, I will recommend it, but it is so boring. All you do is explore, thats it. Oh, you can fight, thats it. No experience, but you get money. Money is used to buy vehicles, people, outfits, and other stuff that you have already collected. Unless you have seen it before, you cannot buy it. You can't even make your own vehicles or anything, they give you a bunch of basic blocks, what do people build with that?! You can't even redesign other things, you have your basic blocks, and thats it. Spawn vehicles that you can't build yourself or add on to. This game is about nothing but exploring and finding, it is like a scavenger hunt with nothing else to it. I like the potentail, but not its current state, buy at your own risk."
76561198034049483,Recommended,332310,16227602,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Frosty,The Lego game that fans of all ages have been waiting years for.
76561198053549495,Recommended,332310,16227894,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,King.Of.Knights,"This game is great so far, but it needs some adjustments.First, Customized characters will sometime have the wrong voice, I made a girl, and she makes the male voice grunts.Second, Not enough bricks to do anything really, I couldn't make a simple umbrella from lack of pieces.Third, My computer can somehow run MMO's on high graphics and this one can't function unless I switch to Low. Not sure why that is...And this isn't a complaint but the skeletons are SCARY. They look happy right? Hit one. That scream will scar you for life."
76561198096402218,Recommended,332310,16228388,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Prepinavest,i killed a king became the king. got a pet dragon .... what are you waiting for. just buy this game =D.
,Recommended,332310,16228418,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,ispaure,"I started playing the LEGO World in early access and I really like what you guys did with the game. It resembles Minecraft but with LEGOs it is even more epic!Down here I have written some tweaks that could be done, but I want to say to gamers out there that it is worth it, especially since it's only going to get better from now on. There seems to be a lot of object and variety which is good. A lot of the gameplay mechanics seem to be implemented.There are some minor tweaks that could be fixed:-Make the in-game UI in a way that sub-menus are better represented. For example, while editing the character's elements, we could see the ""Character edit icon"" and next to it the ""hat icon"" instead of completely hiding the ""character edit icon"" to only show the ""hat icon"".-Return button in bottom left corner might be better placed on the top left with the other menu navigation buttons-Some lag on my configuration while exploring the world (GTX 970, 5820k processor, Win 8.1 Pro, 16Gb RAM & SSD)-When I name a world, it will often switch to editing the coordonates after writing a few letters. I have to always go back up and click with the mouse to continue editing the name worldSo basically some UI fixes and minor performance issues."
,Recommended,332310,16228966,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,serun15,Fun.
,Recommended,332310,16229054,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Elliot | ECZilla Presenter,Lego worlds takes what is great about Sandboxing. And makes it new again. Being a Lego fan for a while means that i found this a welcome and anyone who is into this sort of thing should buy it!It is like playing Minecraft and Roblox in one. Yet it is own unique brand! :DCan't wait to see what this game brings! :D
76561198128041224,Recommended,332310,16229252,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,mickeysamseer,this game is awesome! i built all kinds of cool sofa's and chairs for my house and i hope lego city or lego bionicles etc. will be added in de futere. it would also be cool of they added modules to make you really sit on things or even DRIVE or FLY them.
,Recommended,332310,16230048,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,schommerc,"First time reviewing a game on Steam, but I really want this game to be good so hopefully this will help out.Pros- Amazing world.  It is Lego, the possibilities here are endless.  They could theme each biome after different Lego sets, with cities and people.  I just think it would be amazing if they could have pirate ships patrolling the ocean and planes and spaceships from those sets as well, sprinkling in a city here and there or a Castle and village there.  Really excited about this.- Building.  As expected, you can build with all of the basic lego shapes, with an addition of some more niche parts.  They also let you paste in existing builds such as a castle or a log cabin, which you can then expand on.  Overall, I like the idea of being able to build much more intricate worlds with this.Cons- The Camera needs a lot of work.  It is hard to navigate and it doesn't feel very tight.  It also makes it hard to build - you should never have to worry about the camera or think about what you have to do to see something.- Because the pieces are much smaller than, say, Minecraft, it takes a very long time to build things.  I'd like to see some improvements and tool additions that would speed this up.  It might already be there, but a copy paste function would be really nice.- For someone like me, there needs to be a story or objectives to optionally take part in.  Although building is a blast, I want it to be for something.  Some basic ideas are skeleton invasions, where you need to hunker down inside a base, with possibly cannons or other defenses.  Also I was thinking it would be cool if they had something like Dark Cloud, where you were asked to build up a city using a certain theme, and once you had it built with the required pieces and goals met, the village would populate and you interact with the people after.I don't necessarily want another Minecraft, but one thing that I liked about that game, that I won't find in this, is the mindless mining.  When you just go digging for an hour or so, hollowing out a cave, and then using your rare resources to build the things that you needed.  There was something driving you.  So far, this is really just a Lego designer with skeletons and pre-rendered landscapes.  Don't get me wrong, it is fun (would be more fun with multiplayer for sure) but some people require goals and objectives and the ability to improve your character's position.  This game is pretty static."
76561198153488391,Recommended,332310,16514853,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,AlaskaAnne,"not bad, i like it"
76561197999370120,Recommended,332310,16530899,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,theA-OKDerek,"35 year old uncle here (and game developer).  I bought this game for me and my 12 year old nephew and we're excited to see what this games becomes.I'm not going to harp on what it is, because it's still early development. I want to tell you what motivates us in playing, and what I would want to see.Currently this is one of the most beautiful games I've ever seen.  Give your programmers and big pat on the back.  I had to stop a couple of times and marvel in the beautiful world.  The camera wasn't so good, but I loved how the character flows and climbs up these massive mountains of lego.  Building a lego world I imagine was not easy.Ok, now on to the important part, the motivation.  Simply stated, we will not build with lego in a game simply because we want to be creative.  If either of us wants to be creative with lego, we'll just play with lego.  So perhaps making this a lego block playing simulator is something to avoid.Why would we build?  We build to advance our game.  In minecraft we build a house because we want a place to put our stuff!   We need to store our materals, have our crafting tables, etc.  Currently as the game sits there is no reason for us to build anything.I want to see essentially a minecraft esque game, but better!  Like right now you can spawn in a plane, that's an absolutely amazing feature.  I say keep going with your own great features.Give me a reason to build a cool building and settle down so to speak.  This means that I need a place to store weapons, resources, and possibly build things like farms.  My nephew and I played extensively with the tekkit mod for minecraft.  I spent many hours building an amazing machine that planted carrots, harvested them, bred pigs, and then used some of the carrots to create electricity to supply the whole machine.  It was amazing.  And I spent the whole time doing it so that we don't have to worry about starving.  And it was fun, and satisfying.  This is perhaps one of the facets you should focus on. Letting people build machines that make progressing the game easier.Another big element I would want would be transporters.  Again needing to find the resources to build these transporters is an element of fun.  You build a transporter and drop it into the world and give it a name.  Once you go and use it, you're given a list of all of the other transporters you've dropped/found and you can instantly transport there.  So the idea is that you can go exploring and adventuring but then you can build a short cut to get you back to the worthwhile place to visit.Which brings me to another point.  Places need to be worthwhile to visit and find.  It could be like the lego movie/world of warcraft where you can find a full village.  Or a place that is high in resources.  In minecraft I enjoy building with glass.  So I'll find a desert biome and keep that as my source of sand to make glass. That would be a good idea for this game.  But now with only one resource it would be kinda pointless.Villages could have a huge potential.  They could be sources of trade, and they can be sources of missions.  Missions giving a reason why it would be enjoyable to adventure.  My nephew and I would love to go on missions together, and I imagine they could be massively satisfying.The last thing would be mods.  Mods are what make minecraft enjoyable.  But mods on minecraft are also extremely annoying as they almost never work correctly.  I mentioned building my fancy pig breeding farm machine, which was glorious.  But it was also insanely infuriating because mods almost never seemed to work as they were supposed to.  Like for example you would move pig fertilizer through pipes which would then speed up your farming.   Those pipes for some silly reason would get clogged and stop working.  You would have to “reset” them by breaking them and rebuilding them.  The pipes only had one job to do.  I don't know if it was inexperienced developers or if it was because they were trying to do something with the mods that was never intended so it broke.  I would recommend having some of your developers create minecraft mods to find out their weaknesses and avoid them.Edit: I forgot some extra things- Map.  If you want to go adventuring you're going to need a map.  There is on way around this.  You need to know where you've been and where you're going.  And the ability to mark the map.- Build your own vehicles.  Not sure this is required, but it would be really cool.  But you could get the resources to make a helicopter propeller.  Then make some crazy helicopter."
76561198119665285,Recommended,332310,16531836,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,tb4b,Amazing game 10 out of ten it is about time lego made an open world game there is so much to do.
,Recommended,332310,16536257,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,✪ vintagepurple,"I highly recommend this game because as said in the trailer you can explore and build and much much more. And the fact that this game is early access and it already is this awesome, I still highly recommend this. I'd also like to say that this is a good game which is still a work-in-progress game just for the people who do not know already. Many things to say about this game, but this isn't an essay for this game so yeah for a early access game I love it!"
76561198158258732,Recommended,332310,16539248,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,pooky8405,hey i am pooky8405 wolfgang0584 my lego worlds floor did not appered and could you help me
76561198156716140,Recommended,332310,16542493,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Uncle_Female,This is a great work in prog game9.5/10*  *-___-
76561198166512607,Recommended,332310,16548729,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Loch_ness_Monster350,epic
76561198032858683,Recommended,332310,16458097,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,P U G P A R T Y,While this is a fun early access game and I shouldn't complain about it- it CTDs quite a lot.
,Recommended,332310,16460465,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,(looking for team) NinjaZach,"First off let me just say this game is awesome!second: i have never laughed so hard while riding a camel haha its so goofy. if the devs really read all  the comments can you please release multiplayer asap i have tons of friends that say they will only get the game when multiplayer is released and i am sure there are a bunch of other people that feel the same way!Some things i would like to see would be some objective, like finding a certain animal or character then unlocking it after you find it. it will give people something to do while they wait for more updates.also it would be nice to see inside of houses more i am sure everyone already wants to see the same thing i just wanted to put my two cents in.Lego Worlds ROCKS!!!!!!!!! i cant wait to see how amazing this game gets.9/10 now....10/10 when multiplayer lands"
76561198202224668,Recommended,332310,16460790,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,stephen.bodenh,CAN YOU GET A REFUND
76561198124681362,Recommended,332310,16461263,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,F34R CamMan // hellcase.com,why cant i make a world its says this name already exists ugh
76561198083120305,Recommended,332310,16461769,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Orekt,It was a regular day I was riding my pig. Minding my own buiness. Then There was a black and white thing that started chasing us. It was running weird. So I started to freak out. I did not know what to do. I shot it. I killed it. Later I figured out that it was an ostrich. :( Poor little ostrich. Just a little story. Here is my real reveiw. Everything is awesome. Everything will be more awesome when we can play together. See listen to this. Everything is awesome. Everything is awesomer when we build as a team! See isn't that better?
76561197970465764,Recommended,332310,16462812,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,_Hz_Rasputin,"Has a lot of potential, still very early though, camera angles are bad right now"
76561198199525575,Recommended,332310,17962655,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,cpapanek,Lego Worlds is great so far....love tohe open play. The new upgrades/biomes/characters are great. Love the new feature to help unlock animals/people. It makes it a liitle more challenging. I can not wait to see what the future holds for this game. I recommend getting in on the ground floor of this game!
,Recommended,332310,17977893,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,more3000 hellcase.com,best game ever... you wanna play with lego but to lazy to build with you hands this is the perfect game for you. just purchase and play you wanna ride an elephant or a camel well you can. i recommend this game
76561198161209624,Recommended,332310,17933785,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Sir fucksalot,SO MUCH YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,332310,17934057,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Cole,"This game is what it claims to be, there's nothing over exaderated. If you liked building with legos, you'll love this game!I personally can't wait for future updates when there's more customization with the game's options and settings area, currently can't set my volume in-game unless i plan to use their pre-defined number sets. Other than that, BUY IT."
,Recommended,332310,17923871,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,A wild Chan,"I really enjoy this game and am very excited for the many content additions we will see in the future. The one I hope to see is first person mode in 'tight spaces'. This would make it a whole lot easier to move about when in a house or a cave. Besides that, it is among my most favorite games to play right now.P.S; The devs are working on multiplayer right now. I recomend getting it while it's $15.00, for the possibility that the price might raise.A shoutout to the devs for the amazing controller support, too! It's really convenient. Thanks!"
,Recommended,332310,17940766,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Zoreas,Fun and awesome to play around with only put a few hours into to this game right now but planning on doing loads moore
76561198151693099,Recommended,332310,17942045,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Mr.Meeseeks,i got this for my little brother orginally but i played it by my slef for like 30 mins and it was by far the best lego game i have ever played
12735127635123678,Recommended,332310,30528291,Posted: 15 March,all,Al3x gamdom.com,"It is a very nice game,iyou can build whatever u want. I like this game because it doesn't have a story. U make your own story of game."
,Recommended,332310,18003981,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,*Lord*,"Great game! Found a horse, sat on it, cloned it...11/10 would clone again"
76561198142385550,Recommended,332310,18007981,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,PinkHairIsFair,they REALLY should add minecraft to steam with a workshop but this game is good
,Recommended,332310,18013399,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,spook merk ˣᴰ,best game 10/10 would good physics again
,Recommended,332310,17028557,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Craigery,"It has gotten MUCH better as of the last update.  My settings now stick, and it runs a lot faster now."
,Not Recommended,332310,16372803,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Hpex,What happened to the old lego worlds?
,Recommended,332310,17454472,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Ravinous,It's okay at best. has alot more unrealized potential. Vehicals would be more fun with a mechanic to build them from scratch. a huge world like this would be alot more fun with a friend or two with you. controls are a bit clunky and clumsy. It's good as it is but it's going to need to think a bit more creatively before i'd get into it.
76561198089971376,Recommended,332310,17515860,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,fargosrm,fun game I would like dinosaurs
76561198106324553,Recommended,332310,17686659,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Old_Time_Slayer,"This game is very relaxing and if you have siblings wanting to play your main console this is a great get away as you can brag as much about this game as they can.  Very fun to play and is a cool mix of all the games... well atleast for ninjago. I highly recommend this game if you love free roaming and buliding your own free lego town.Hopefully the devs can  add more items, veichles, weapons, and creatures and maybe multiplayer.-------------------Possible addition thoughts- Maybe random character warfare such as 40 skellys vs cowboys with creature and veichle combat-Pet system were they follow you and aid you in battle-power up abilites that you can purchase with studs- better ways of earning studs [because currently its quite hard]- Buy  a stud XP multipier like with all lego Games-Space?-create  cars planes?"
,Recommended,332310,17692039,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Lloyd Ink-Moon,This game at this moment in time is a great game and I see it as a Lego Universe 2.0.But I wish we had more stuff from other lego themes like Ninjago or chima.
76561198117517933,Recommended,332310,17694199,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,carmfae,I really love the Lego World. I wanted to know how to take a picture of the house I just build. Can anyone help
,Recommended,332310,17741870,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Restorater,"Hi there,I love the game and I know you are still working on it. if you are looking for any new ideas to add to the game then here are some suggestions: when you are building it would be helpful if the character could rotate, also I would like it if there were windows and doors.Thank you,Legofanone"
,Recommended,332310,17748650,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,anarbolito,really good game is about new and digital version of lego really good
76561198067558617,Recommended,332310,17729357,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,swagy E21,lego worlds is a game that make you feel like a litte kid i got lost in this game
,Recommended,332310,17729777,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,IamMarioFan,this game is awsome!
,Recommended,332310,17448444,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Thegoldenwolf21,it so COOL AND HAS SO MUTCH BUILDING/ADVENTURING
,Recommended,332310,17449139,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Jewish Banana,amazing game can't wait for more updates
76561198105297601,Recommended,332310,17449577,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,MOGZUK,cc
,Recommended,332310,17597083,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Crusher389,"This game is WONDERFUL, SPECTACULAR. It is the best Lego game I've ever played. I would play with legos and lego video games all day if i could. I love the exploration and the adventure, and fun of discovering new worlds and new creatures too. I can't wait till this game is out of early access and is a full on game. But with the current features the game it just wonderful. I bet the updates will be even more so. I would love to see more of these types of games in the future, Lego or not.(Althogh Lego is pretty great. I would recomend this game for all those Lego loving fans in the world. I personally give this game a THUMBS UP, 5 STARS, and a LIKE on Facebook."
76561198233715948,Recommended,332310,17606888,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,jack.gaming331,for some resin i can not access lego worlds on my mac
76561198094022814,Recommended,332310,17591156,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,weedwaster,Made♥♥♥♥♥♥statues.10/10 would swallow one again.
76561198046107009,Recommended,332310,17510772,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,OldSpiceOdorBlockerBodywash!,"I have become my own God, I have power over everything and everyone. My mother always told me that one day Lego will be my problem, but now I see what she ment, I kill and kill and build and build. I am a God of the game itself but like the actual idea of God, no-one can stop me. I can make lava and burn villages, but I can also create it all again and no-one will be wiser. I flood a town I have created with a mountain and no-one will know... except for me. This game fuels my feeling for death and destruction, while letting me create. 10/10 death simulator"
,Recommended,332310,17511917,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,sunflour4344,"I adore open sandbox games, so this is perfect!"
76561198055662530,Not Recommended,332310,17487894,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Glacerose,It really does not have enough content now for me to recommend it. Once new lego sets and MP is added then maybe it will be worth the $14.99
,Recommended,332310,17489204,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,TinCan711,"This game is a good game to play,lots of features,and add more new animals,weapons,charaters,etc at each updateAnd here is my suggestion:1.Add more different types of brick to the game.2.the Telescope could be working(zooming)"
,Recommended,332310,16212077,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Moose,"this game is really fun, if you love lego or minecraft, buy this game. it will be even better when they add multiplayer and workshop, and hopefully some pvp or survival modes?!?!?!?!"
76561198202161940,Recommended,332310,17228496,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Rick,F**KING AWSOME
76561198234470852,Recommended,332310,17492458,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,ronaldbijsma,"Very nice game. I like it very much and EVERYONE, BUY IT. Just one little tip: maybe you should add first person (Its just a tip)."
76561198175845415,Recommended,332310,17712647,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,BadBerry,yes i do
76561198072808987,Recommended,332310,17718138,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,zeroB,"this is the kindof game where everyone on your friends lsit wants it , but you have it , and just get the gud feeling of making them jealos , 10/10 to much water"
76561198057201939,Recommended,332310,17718744,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Ethanice,With a bit of polish this could be the perfect Lego game.It is really fun but not very well optimized.  My computers specs are mostly quite high above the recommended and I get some pretty bad lag.  Although I posted about this on the forum and the developer responded.  From that I have faith that the game will get optimized in time.The camera controls are also a bit eh.  player controls are nice and vehicle controls are a bit confusing but easy to get used too.The world seems to go on forever (quite like other games such as Minecraft or Rodina) and has plenty to explore find and do.If you liked the other Lego games you will probably like this one too.  Although it has no story (as of yet) it is free roam and you can build what ever you want.Graphics 10/10 (Its Lego)Optimization 6/10 (Frame drops and crashes)Controls 8/10 (Clunky sometimes but fine)Camera 3/10 (Please fix this)Over all 9/10
76561198157438799,Recommended,332310,17720810,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,unturcrasher,this is the bestt gameeeeeeeeeeeeee playyy itttttttttttttttt
76561198076698338,Recommended,332310,17494304,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Turbo_Cats,Great and Fun!!
76561198208949747,Recommended,332310,17495410,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,hobe11,amazing
76561198208270660,Recommended,332310,17495998,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,DizzyStitch,"5 Stars!At first, it's a lot of fun to explore and just try random stuff out.  About the time that you get bored with that, you get into the brick building mode.  After you experiment with that for a few hours, you realize you need more props and gizmos, so you explore some more, this time with certain goals in mind.  Then more building.  Even when all of the early-access secrets are discovered, there is still plenty to do.  For the creative mind, not even the sky is the limit, and more features are promised soon!"
76561198151402448,Not Recommended,332310,17497736,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Hunter Elite,it was not that fun i kinda want a refund but steam does not do that
,Recommended,332310,17498481,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,T3EC_LLOYD,cool
76561198110279696,Recommended,332310,17500262,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,lincoln,awsome gamebest lego game i have ever played
,Not Recommended,332310,17505537,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Shmoosh,It's rubbish. You spend five hours getting the stuff you really want then spend another hour trying to get enough coins! Also the building system is rubbish!!!!
76561198116366723,Recommended,332310,16963300,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Stuart Pot (2D),"This game is....outstandingI may be a 14 and a half dude, but I don't care how kiddish it is. This game is a masterpiece.Pros:-Good graphics-Fun gameplay-Character customization-Build things-Mess aroundCons:-Camera can be glitchy at timesI highly recommend this game to anyone and everyone"
76561198055914756,Not Recommended,332310,16964039,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Ognoggin,"As a huge Minecraft fan with hundreds of hours logged I always wanted more building variety in that game.  Big square blocks are neat and easy to work with but I just can’t make those subtle changes.I took a look at some videos and game play for Lego Worlds and liked the graphics and variety of blocks, items, vehicles and biomes.  So I got it for $15.  Once into the game however I found it to be a shiny but pretty rough and lackluster experience.  There are some cool mechanics like riding a dragon and having him breath fire (although forget aiming) and the climbing seems cool as did the digging machine – in short I see potential here.  However a bunch of bugs and a UI that is in my opinion really, really (really) bad coupled with absolutely nothing to do but (try to) build things and run around and collect items makes for a short experience.  The building stuff alone could make for a true sandbox game I guess if the UI was not so bad as to make it akin to trying to thread a needle in a sandstorm – while sneezing...While you have a huge variety of block shapes, colors and sizes as compared to Minecraft the implementation of actually placing blocks is so bad as to be useless on a PC.  I could lay down hundreds block in MC in the time it would take for me to place a dozen or so here.  People talk about using a separate app to actually build stuff and move it here. Sounds great but I’m just not that hard-core into Legos I guess. Call me crazy but I should be able to do it in the actual game I am playing.When building, the camera shifts to some out of body view that I have a hard time moving around.  Once started you have to scroll through a list of building blocks (which are hard to distinguish between btw),  find the one you want, move your mouse back to the space where it goes being careful not to shift a hair too far - then place it.  Need a different block - go back to the list, hunt and peck for it then repeat.  If you place wrong you can delete the block but then have to reselect it from the list again to place again. Just too unpolished for all but the most dedicated I imagine.And don't even get me started on subtlety removing existing blocks in the landscape.Minor things also deter -  like having to be on the side of the vehicle to use -which it is fine and actually makes sense - but when horses actually spin to face you head on it just ends up being frustrating.The whole spinning wheel menu UI is also just unintuitive and tedious - maybe it just works better on a console - not sure.So I get this game is early access and all these things have to be taking with a grain of salt, but at $15 this game is simply not worth it. It is a bunch of graphics and neat mechanics without more than a few hours of running around and seeing all the graphics there are to see.   Look at the positive reviews - most are below 10 hours of play and almost no one has played more than 20.   If $15 for a few hours of looking at Lego people run around sounds cool then consider it a Lego movie with no plot and have at it.Minecraft although years ahead of Lego Worlds is, at $30,  fully featured, with crafting, villager trading, mapping, survival mode, a simple and great UI and very stable.  Practically a bargain compared to $15 for an early beta with nothing to do really.So I will consider my $15 an investment in the dev team who may hopefully one day makes this an actual playable game that can hold my interest past a few hours – who knows maybe even compete with Minecraft – I see potential.   I'll check back in a year and see what my $15 got me and basically consider this the steam version of Kickstarter.For those of you who have really low expectations, want something shiny to keep the young kids happy with, like to get in on the ground floor to help fund the development or are just huge Lego fans give it a go. Maybe you'll get your money's worth. For the rest – I’d say wait and see.What's Good:-Quality of graphics and animations are very high.-Lots of character skins and customization-Building block variety is huge (hey it reminds me of Legos!)-Lots of items, vehicles and BiomesWhat's Bad:-Trying to do anything will all those good things-Camera is awful - have to continuously adjust it and no auto follow. It breaks badly inside tight spaces and when in building mode is really bad.-Building mode itself is tremendously tedious and for me unusable on the PC.  Maybe it suffers from trying to do too much or for being designed for console or maybe it just sucks in general.-Rendering is real slow on a very high-end gaming rig.-Rendering distance is laughably small.  I mean really small.  Go up a bit in the plane and you need to look straight down to see anything.-Graphics while nice up close are strongly blurred just past your immediate surroundings-probably necessary due to the poor optimization of graphics rendering.- No goals, no crafting, and no challenge - it really is just a sandbox to run around it and punch things.- Procedural land creation seems a bit wonky – mainly a ton of small islands with lots of water between.  I found no large land masses."
76561197970176387,Recommended,332310,16964333,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,^Don_Routinier,"At the beginning I was kind of sceptical wheather this could be such a great game. After playing a few hours and especially the last patch i think: THIS IS ******* AWESOME.As a passionate builder (Lego, similar PC-Games :P) I can say: What an awesome idea. The conept of getting more charakters, new prebuild items like flowers etc and riding cars, flying helicopters etc make this a game with much potential. And of course you can build your own Lego-world with endless bricks and possibilities.The controls at the beginnig are also a little bit confusing, but if you play like 2 hours your totally getting in to it and building houses, castles or whatever gets more easily of hand.So in my opinion: Definitly worth it! And I'm looking foreward what the next patches will bring us!"
76561198160467251,Recommended,332310,16964891,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,FJ2016,This game is amazing . the best thing about it one minute your in a forest and then the next you are in a scrapyard with endless cars run by cave men a monkeys! .
,Recommended,332310,16967634,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Twitch,"It's going to be a great game once it is finished. The controls at the moment are really not good, my young cousin tried playing it and she struggled because when building there is no stability so it's so hard to place blocks. also they have click move and keyboard... LEGO YOU NEED TO CHOOSE ONE.. can't have both.. atleast make the option to choose. Another annoying thing is the camera, to look around is to hold in m2 but when building m2 is delete... like is that a mistake or a troll? why can't you take machines or animals appart and make your own? why have everything pre built? I want to createeeeeeLEGO FIX THIS SO I CAN ENJOY MY LEGOstill a good game just a few bugs 6/10"
76561198134821187,Recommended,332310,16967898,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,nicholastaub,good game
76561198044777253,Recommended,332310,16896443,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,razake,fun but needs more stuff plus multyplayer
76561198159793709,Recommended,332310,16904937,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,clwolverton,"fun but laggy, could be better but it may just be my computer"
76561198144805169,Recommended,332310,16868973,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Dirge616,"Great game!  The Movement controls need fixing in relatonship to how the camera in pointed and placement of blocks can be frustrating.  i know this is a Early Access game, but when this becomes the full game, the movement controls need alot of help right now.  Can't wait to see other improvements when they get released.  My kids and I love this game!"
,Recommended,332310,16379750,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Stteam,this game is ausome id reecomemd people with a taste of freedome to play this game
,Recommended,332310,16869169,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,TheGamingMerino,"Real fun, a game for everyone that wants to spend a good time"
,Recommended,332310,16869546,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,[DFS] Wet Cake,"Amazing for an Early Access game.Controls are a bit janky, I would like my car to go forward when I press W no matter where the camera is pointing, that would help the game be even more enjoyable.Also, splash damage from explosions would be a nice addition."
76561198140497542,Recommended,332310,16871186,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Link,let me tell you the story of king tuturanius i was flying on my dragon over the destert i look over at a pyramid my adventure  side of me told me to search for a tomb in doing so i had to fight skeletons to get to the tombs treasure in the chest i discoverd the golden bannana of king tuturanius
76561198200695751,Recommended,332310,16873439,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Ronnoc_F,So my game is not loding any worlds i make and is laging so bad that i can barle play so what shode i do?
76561198175678486,Not Recommended,332310,16874867,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,wajeeha301,umm my does not go on so i cant play it please help me
76561198110232244,Recommended,332310,16876556,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,NoHaxJustGhost,"I lovr this game, you can build, roof climb, wall climb, wall jump, destroy terrain, spawn in discovered npc's and even shoot fireballs as a warlock, if you discover this game, buy it! Its so worth it"
,Recommended,332310,16878498,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,andy,"Even though this is an early access game it's great to run around the worlds, build and destroy things, and get to play with a wide variety of characters, sets, rides, etc.  I would highly recommend it for children (of all ages!)"
76561198202266029,Recommended,332310,16973497,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,The Ace,I bought it and when i went to play it on my mac OSX it said it wasnt availible on my current platfor very dissapointed
76561198151004028,Recommended,332310,16810326,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Mr.RainbowTurtle,"In the content 1 update it takes for ever to make the world and for it to load up chunks Please helpi don't know if anyone else is experiencing this, but i am"
76561198121261023,Recommended,332310,16976330,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,alexwhetham,It is amazing and there was a new update yesterday so you can explore caves/mines and you can get all sorts of new things. To be honest my faivroute thing is the snowball and least faivroute thing is the monkey. I don't know how to use the monkey. Just to add the camra is a bit buggy so I hope they fix that in the next update.
,Recommended,332310,16741377,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Sirtowsalot,"Good game! This is a very good, pixelated game. The vehicles are fun to use, and you can do almost Anything you want. You can range in ways to travel from: a dune buggy, to a Dragon. Only thing is, i wish it could have more kits that you can slesct to build. Otherwise, really good lego game!10/10 For An Early Access Game."
,Recommended,332310,16977762,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,5GUY,"I know the game is early access but I paid $15 for it. This is more of a ""I hope this gets fixed soon"" than a review.The gameplay is amazing, but there are performance issues. Sometimes the FPS can go into the single digets and it becomes a chore to move.The menus are horrible, and it is possible to get stuck in some of them. For example the back button will not work for me in the options menu at the main menu.The driving controls are pretty bad with the controller. I haven't tried to drive with the mouse yet though.Controller support is nice, but zooming in/out is waaaaaay too slow. The controller is nice for the menus and moving/camera control, but sometimes the mouse is more convenient. (Example: Zooming in/out)Graphics are very nice no complaints here. It really feels like the world is made of lego.It would be nice to be able to skip when the camera zooms around a new character/mount. I felt like the beginning of the game was mostly getting new things and it just took way too long.If I was able to play this game with a higher framerate I would be super addicted to it. The mounts are fun to use and the world is really fun to explore. I don't want to start listing new things that I'd like to see added because it's this early access, but I think a few other people and I would like to see multiplayer one day. The lego games always have multiplayer so I'm not too worried. The Game is worth buying if the computer being used can play it above 10fps. I can't wait for the updates."
76561198129169458,Recommended,332310,16979257,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,LegendaryPigMan,I LOVE this game it is like mincraft exept with legos
76561198237348992,Recommended,332310,16932547,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Reactivity YT,"Okay, I spawned in my first world. My game was lagging because I was at a volcano. I saw a dragon, tamed it, and rode it into infinity, hit the world limit. built a castle, and spawned in about 20 steamrollers. I am now king of the steam castle!I have had a ton of fun with this game so far! Sure it is very glitchy but that is because it is still in beta. So far It has only crashed on me once, that was my fault (I spawned in like, every smashable object I had found and then shot my bazooka at it causing coins to fly everywhere, freezing and crashing my game.)What I like-Open world-Build whatever you want-Good graphics-PIGS-Custom minifigure creation!What I don't like-The Vampires, Wolfmen, Zombies, Bandits, Robbers and Mummies don't attack, this game needs more enemies with different attacks and stuff.-Needs pets-Chests mostly give you food that does nothing.-Skeleton screams are very annoyingWhat I would add-The enemies I said they should add well here are their attacks.Vampire- just punches and can fly away.Wolfman- swipes his hands like he is clawing you.Zombies- slow, but swarm you and chase you forever unless you smash them, punches.Bandits- shoot you with their gun.Robber- punches and steals some of your coins when it hits you.Mummy- same as he zombie but slows you down when hit.-Petsdogpet rockbirdmonkey  (found in forest/ jungle biomes)-underwater dungeon"
76561198041630373,Recommended,332310,16934630,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,ProNinja_Nate,THIS GAME IS AWESOME WAY BETTER THAN ALL THE LEGO GAMES BECUSE THIS EVERYTING IS LEGOS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198096369047,Recommended,332310,16934909,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Turkey,> Skydived in from space> Found a pig> Proceded to ride said pig> Found Cow> Proceded to ride said cow> Killed a warlock> Changed into warlokc> Shot fireballs at other warlocks> Turned my pig into bacon> found dragon> proceded to ride said dragon> Blew up an entire mountain> Flew to clouds> built castle in said clouds> Became fire god10/10 would make bacon again
,Recommended,332310,16934943,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Jäygermacster,"It's really great to see LEGO making a game that everyone has wanted since LEGO Star Wars. This game lets you build any kind of building at present, and the connectivity with the LEGO Digital Designer program is probably the decision of the century. Very smart choice as LDD is a great program but has until now been mostly useless. Now you  can avoid the awkward building mechanic that is to be expected from LEGO Worlds and place each individual piece as if you were building in real life.Character movement is unbelievebly smooth, jumping climbing and running without hindering speed. It's a brilliant and refreshing feature that isn't in many other games like this. Finding new islands and terrains with different characters and vehicles about is so satisfying and leaves me excited to see where this game will go.A quick mention to the credit of the design team who lets users know if scheduled updates will be delayed. I, and many others, appreciate the effort taken to make such a game, and are happy to wait an extra week for updates that work, rather than a rush job with♥♥♥♥♥♥♥results."
76561198198362351,Recommended,332310,16935840,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Ryanbik,I like how its like minecraft but LEGO.
,Recommended,332310,16936827,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,sidsgaming,"The game would be fun if i could take a lego build plan, and build it in the game."
,Recommended,332310,16838604,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,123,"Logged in for 5 minutes before i relized. I love this title. and i can't wait to play it with my SOn. Please come soon MULTIPLAYER!!!! Bottom line. The Physics are GREAT the Gamplay is Classic LEGO and SMOOTh, its just very very nice for the stage the game is in. GOOD WORK Warner Brothers."
,Recommended,332310,16838810,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,🇰𐐎🇮Ꮑ,"I spawned, started button mashing, and before I knew it I turned into a warlock shooting fireballs and had covered the whole mountainside in red Lego bricks.10/10In all seriousness, controls are a bit difficult to get used to for someone who's been playing lots of first person games, but once you get that down, it's fun to explore and unlock new things."
76561198076303934,Recommended,332310,16843991,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Fahtm,Crashes. So many Crashes
76561198145955453,Recommended,332310,16844918,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,WhqasemCoffee,"Its a wonderful game but it needs some camera fixes and muiltiplayer , People also need Steam Workshop. everyone should try the game its cool and creative , Markplier tried the game his video title is ""Lego Worlds | YOU WILL LOVE THIS GAME"" maybe you will love this game like He Said. the game is not my favourite but i liked it. Feel same as i am?"
76561198111243251,Recommended,332310,16845678,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Captain Cat,"It's a really fun game, and i suggest to buy it now."
,Recommended,332310,16369946,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Show me the Morty,"I can now safely recommend this game c: Now that the launch bug was fixed I can say this game is absolutely incredible. Definately one of the best sandbox games right next to Garry's Mod and Minecraft. The controls feel nice, the gameplay is clever and fantastic. Its absolutely hilarious as hell, and makes me smile. I give it a solid 8.9/10. The only real problem that I have with the game is how the game runs. A bit laggy but I can see that they are working on it in their update notes :D"
,Recommended,332310,17212144,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,blackjet5076,My experiences with the game:I enteredI found a dragoni rode said dragoni killed any form of life in sighti made many animal friends and mountsi found a dragon wizardbecame a dragon wizarddestroyed landscapecrashedbut it was totally worth it!!!!HOLY CHEEZ-ITZ GET THIS GAME
76561198094341086,Recommended,332310,17148917,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Poptart Weirdo,"Updated Review:    Hey Guys, after some experimentation with the controls in the game I found that the game is actaully really enjoyable beside a couple control flaws. So i decided to read some posotive reviews and give the game another try. And here's how it went. The game is just beautiful. the trailers just nail everything just right. The concept of the game is just phenomenal and the gameplay is just spectacular. For the people who want to buy it, be ready to play the game and hate it for a little while before you start to like it, once you latch on there's no stopping the amount of creativity that you can put into this game. All in all, i do reccomend this game to anyone who likes a bit of experimenting. read my other review to see some of the problems you might encounter a long the way. But seriously though there is a lot of experimenting involved.For the developers: Hey guys at Tt, I have actaully found myself to be enjoying this game so far. However, I do have a few suggestions that might help improve the game for PC users. I tried using a gamepad to play and i found myself in a bit of a jam a couple of times. my gamepad is a logitech 2 i think. i couldn't really access the menus at all without using the mouse and keyboard, but the gameplay was good with that. While using the mouse and keyboard however, i did encounter a couple of roadblocks. building and removing blocks is kind of a pain sometimes, (read later complaints. but this game rocks it doesn't suck) and i would like to see some more objects in the game to make it more enjoyable, along with multiplayer and some more enemys, thanks, you guys are doing a great job so far, keep it up!Original Review: This game Sucks! dont buy it, the trailers look cool and everything looks awesome, but its not. ive created 2 worlds and every single biome was underwater. before you buy this game keep 1 thing in mind, its not worth the money, i got bored very fast. The concept that they had in mind was a good one but the gameplay is all out glitchy and its just not user friendly, I have experimented a lot with the game and have hated the controls and the playstyle, you basically build with a 1 axis locked dispencer gun thingy, and the y axis is at the mercy of the game. it is so bad that the simple lego house turns into the hour long project. just making a flat straight line is pretty much impossible without having something popping up.Removing bricks: the way you remove bricks is pretty much the same way as placing them, so like i said making a house is impossible. when you have 1 brick that is off and you want to remove it, good luck. Removing it will take you an hour as well. you can only remove bricks in 2 ways, 1 a square that you can change sizes, and that really doesn't help all that much considering the fact that you will try to remove it and it will remove a huge column of bricks underneath it. and replacing that column will also take you some time. the other way to remove bricks is a big sphere, basically the same thing. However they do have an undo button, that doesn't work at all. it undoes a massive amount of bricks.All in all this game sucks. i normally like the lego games and have a lot of fun playing them but this game is different. this game just totally ruined my lego gaming experience. so if you are going to buy a lego game, DON'T BUY THIS ONE!!!!!! I really hope you take my review into consideration before you buy this game. and if you blow right past this and dont think, buy the game, and wind up hating it, I TOLD YOU SO!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,332310,16225905,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,WilfTheLoner,i know that this is in beta but pls fix floor is invisible
,Recommended,332310,17179791,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,EDJ Tiger,"Very Awesome WIP Game that so far is awesome It adds all of the Minifigures that you may have or may not in Real life and if you dont You still can play as them (Even though they should add Batman!) But anyways Like they added ""Lego Mixels Burnard"" and I must say I am a big fan of Legos so I have that just to show off its in my game too and Some other things I have in the game like ""Coles Digging Machine"" I have from lego Ninjago and stuff Just like that! so im hoping they like add lego Jurassic world, Lego Batman, Lego Marvel , and Etc... I want to play as John Hamnond or a T-rex like in Lego Jurassic World and drive the Batwing! with Venom on the Hood! But besides Awesome game Just like Minecraft! oh almost Forgot Please please please Add Co-op My  Brother Wants to play too But, I have my Keyboard and Xbox Controller but there is no Co-op so please add! Although Best Lego Game thats not based on a Movie or something that is I thought that Lego Batman 3 Beyhond Gotham was the best one!"
,Recommended,332310,17184168,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,AwesomeCreator,Lego World is Recomended by me I love this Game I just need splitscreen and Control support To work for the editing and placing tool but also anyone that Buys this game Online Multiplayer will be supported But i still love this game nothing will Stop me from playing this Game.
,Recommended,332310,16245024,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,HP_LUMINOUS_HP,I Made 2 Castels Stacked
76561198047473686,Recommended,332310,17990742,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,MagicTurtle,its awsome!
,Recommended,332310,17989322,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,dragonslayer,i love this game but it is a bit glitchy like when i am on a boat i went off the each of the world!
,Recommended,332310,17974056,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,jazzyandjuice,"Finally, a LEGO game without Batman or Indiana Jones or whatever! It's what I've always wanted!LEGO City Undercover had no weapons, so I couldn't go around murdering wacky looking minifigures, which is what I've always wanted to do. LEGO Universe was awesome until it died.I wanted to be a plastic serial killer, and this game allowed me to. As a GINGERBREAD MAN. The possibilities are endless!"
,Recommended,332310,17976537,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Tyler Z,Highly Reccomend it makes my top 10 games List Its Difrent then the other Lego Games But in a good way and realy puts it on the map. i Hope to see Multi-player Soon for it
,Recommended,332310,17976612,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Sir Info,"I don't know what's greater,the games immense views or the fun you have while playing"
,Recommended,332310,17981791,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Loki,"I had a good few hours of fun building a nice little village in the Spooky Forest. One thing I noticed about my village, however, was that it was practically a ghost town, save for the few spiders I'd spawned in and two wandering skeletons. I think a really awesome future feature would be to have villages (including ones you've made yourself) feel more alive by allowing NPCs to move in. It'd be even cooler if they could interact with you, even if they didn't say much. Just something to make a village feel more like a village, you know?"
76561198137391508,Recommended,332310,18119632,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Nobody,"found core earth drill thing.dug underground for 30 minutesdug out of mountain,mined the water.10/10"
,Recommended,332310,18121339,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,ДРГ неукрощенный,I feel that I did almost everything in the game at this point and from my experience its buggy but its early access so what do you expect. But if you can look past the bugs right now then is is a great game. Will be even better once the game is at full release. This is also a solution to that brick problem that everyone has in real life. 8/10 just because of the bugs but no doubt it will be 10/10 at full release :D Buy it if you can handle bugs!
,Recommended,332310,18124940,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Kimeraltz,"Great game. The contstruction controls are not easy, but after 2h of LEGO Worlds I'm use to it. Many many bugs, but thats an alpha. Amazing for the price (paid it 11.89 CAD), 9/10"
76561198189536003,Recommended,332310,18126033,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,CatLovingRyan,In My Exparince with the game i had mostly fun  times exepct once i lost my base that was before the map update so be fair anywhys if you ask me the game would be rated 8/10 becuse it Sussceds in what its trying to Exporeing is great the builing could be better but its still pretty good and that felling everytime you findsomething new!!! LOVED IT
,Recommended,332310,16542668,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,[SG] Dexter908,Cool game i Like it Its worth it you will have alot of fun
,Recommended,332310,18128455,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,tommy61157,"I think all the main mechanics are great in this game actually, and there's already a fair amount to discover and it's cool how you can alter things more and more as you interact with everything in the world more and more, what they need to do now is keep making more and more to put in the game, maybe a slightly better map system, and then maybe set up some kinds of goals or quests you can get that are randomly generated too. Also, it does not have multiplayer yet, but I believe they are planning on having it sooner rather than later. I'd get it now while it's still cheap, because I think they're going to put a lot more into this soon and before too long, this will really start to shine."
76561198216993465,Recommended,332310,18133882,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,The Sin Heartless,"This game has potential. A lot of it. It is hard to build a good sandbox game and fill it with enough stuff to do, but this game surprised me positively.Controls feel pretty fluent. Good implemention of mouse controls here. Camera starts having problems in the tight places such as pyramids, but otherwise pretty good. The double jump and the climb ability are great additions to the sandbox-like gameplay.The fact that all the things in the worlds are Legos show how impressive this game looks. Day-night system works well, though nights could be more dark. It's pretty smooth even in my 4GB RAM laptop.The world is a little slow to load and sometimes I fell into the empty void, but that's probably because I actually used the laptop to play the game. I'm impressed by the variety here. I probably haven't even found all the biomes the game has yet.The menus were a little too complex, though it is a nice touch that the player can keep the items tab on-screen and play at the same time. The building controls were a tad hard to use, but the ability to raise and flatten terrain is a pretty good addition.THE ENVIRONMENT. Animals, people and monsters react to your actions. The environment truly feels alive. People greet you, when you attack them, they retaliate. It's a pretty good immersion. Also, the vehicles, though spawning randomly to the worlds, are more than welcome addition to any sandbox game. But vehicles really shine in this game, since there's a large world to explore. The size of these randomly generated worlds is more than enough for an adventurous player like me.I am more than impressed. You managed already in the Early Access to combine the elements that made the Lego as a brand famous and beloved. It is that freedom, creativity and imagination combned that makes this game fantastic. I have never seen anything this great and fresh in a long time."
,Recommended,332310,18137233,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,blim,its alright. I bought it when it was onsale. It's gonna be more expensive when multiplayer comes out so get it quick i guess
76561198145105431,Recommended,332310,18139698,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Niskem,"Yes there's some glitches here and there and it sometimes opens and then closes for no reason, but the gameplay is great, if it actually worked now i would play it alot."
,Recommended,332310,18157075,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Vladimir Putin,Such a good game!
76561198070044647,Recommended,332310,16203742,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,HB StirringCoast28,awesome game
,Recommended,332310,16203868,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Deadiscool551,The game is extremely good except for when digging in the LIttle Digger it bugs out.
,Recommended,332310,16204068,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Skybrander,"- finds drill vechile- drives into water- vechile and self jettisoned off the face of the planet.Amazing Lego game, just add water."
,Recommended,332310,16281835,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Will,Being a huge fan of Lego this brought attention to me when it came out and man it doesn't disappoint. This game has to much potential it's unreal! Let's hope the full release is more than epic!
76561198097817777,Recommended,332310,16282496,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Spegghi,"This game is brilliant its judt missing online multyplayer and a map of some sort, amd the abilitie to zoom in amd out on the character cause i find its to close sometimes"
,Recommended,332310,16145030,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,dennis.caunce,"OK, i've played this thing for a few days and pretty much discovered most of what can be discovered (I think).  It's a lot of fun,  Frame rate is pretty bad at times (my PC is pretty high spec), but that isn't a deal breaker.  I hope they fix this in a later patch - it is early access, after all.It could use a big more depth as an actual game.  Better survival elements would be good, but it's still a lot of fun.  I don't particularly care about multiplayer, but I can see how this game would benefit from it.Buy it while it's cheap."
76561198110206436,Recommended,332310,16282671,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,TheRealGameGeek,Amazing Game! If co-op (online or local!) I wouldn't stop playing!
76561198115017502,Recommended,332310,16282963,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,newdev4ios,"Fun game, not as fun as minecraft, but much more interesting*, I really love riding the vehicles. Also riding the animals is awesome too, it would be much funner than minecraft if the block placement was a bit easier and the ability to change the camera view), Ive spent hours just riding the animals and blowing stuff up, AWESOME!!!*At this stage of the game in comparison to minecraft, this game is much more fun(its at early release)"
76561198096910438,Recommended,332310,16283837,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Kie,One of the best creative games ive ever played! Totally recomend this game!
76561198057339152,Recommended,332310,16284036,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Masterrific,"Great! I absolutely love it! Even though it is still in beta, I love the aspect of it all!"
,Recommended,332310,16284320,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Granticus,"I grew up playing with Lego products. Whether it was a brick-based set or something from the Bionicle line, I was obsessed with these toys. I always enjoyed building my own creations, and I think that it's awesome that there is finally a Lego game where you can explore, build, and collaborate on a huge scale. I always enjoyed playing Lego Creator on my family's computer when I was younger, but Lego Worlds takes it to the next level.To be sure, there are a lot of glitches in regards to the interface, as well as the game itself, but taking into account that this is an early-access game, that is to be expected and I'm positive that the major hiccups I've experienced (screen scaling when changing resolution, wonky controls when in vehicles, etc.) will be resolved once the game is completed. I cannot wait until the multiplayer mode is released. My anticipation with further set and model additions is through the roof.Playing this game was an instant trip on the nostalgia train, and I recommend this to anyone who has played/plays with Lego or just enjoys a quirky sandbox game that is full of personality."
,Recommended,332310,16284338,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,KoreRat,For now I'm saying it worth it.  Its bare-bones but loads of fun and I can see amazing things coming in the future.  I'll update this as time goes on.
76561198134140591,Recommended,332310,16282484,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,I'm_bad_at_video_games,"Load Lego WorldsKill VampireBuy VampireTurn into VampireTurn Into BatClick spacebar onceAttack in mid airRepeatJust proved that bats are secretly drillsAlso,Doctor/scientist comes towards meTrys to hug meTakes an apple outIm readyThrows Apple at doctorDoctor runs awayAn apple a day keeps the doctor awayThat was all trueAnyways, great game. Can't wait to see what happens with it. MAKE IT SO YOU CAN DIVE IN WATER. 525,600 thumbs up. So many... 9001/10 will do agian"
76561198106883076,Recommended,332310,16284584,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,instant_mash,"very enjoyable game, both the camera and controls are the work of the devil.This game needs a ""creative"" mode that just navigates with the mouse (no character) then once you have finished building explore with the character when you want to. just rip off the minecraft controls, nearly the whole world has minecraft already so different controls may seem weird to kids.will update review once i get feedback from my 7 year old lad on that one.As its a blank canvas. ideas for dlc packs1. RPG Missions2. Command and Conquer - lego style!3. Battlefield lego edition4. Project lego cars5. Lego fifa6. Lego Quakelooking forward to coming updates... CAMERA!!!"
76561198003286305,Recommended,332310,16285714,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Beef Manslab,"I flew a dragon around until I accidentally got it angry by throwing a fish at it. It chased me through a mountain range made of LEGOs, but it was okay because I found a helicopter and escaped.It's impossible to describe this game without sounding like a little kid playing with LEGOs, and that's exactly the point. Acting like a kid hasn't been this fun since being a kid.I give it a 5 out of the 5 years old it made me feel."
,Recommended,332310,16268312,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Space Doge,Like collecting Rupees? This is the game for you.10/10(More serious review coming soon)
76561198114233971,Recommended,332310,16286326,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Marcin,"My 4 year old son likes to play both LEGO and Minecraft. So when I told with that I got him LEGO Worlds he was overwhelmed. He loves the game as all other LEGO games. After LEGO Marvel this is the best open world game. I know it's just launched but PLEASE add more content like cities, more characters so that you could have a feel the world is alive."
,Recommended,332310,16288008,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,jehanX478,This game is honestly fun you can explore different biome and terrains and discover many things such as animals vehicles and even characters and you can even use tools to modify the terrains and make massive creations I LOVE THIS GAME SO MUCH!
76561198045487147,Recommended,332310,16288081,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Noeh23,"This is NOT MINECRAFT, but it is A LOT OF FUN, even without that much content. This is a great sandbox and I am looking forward to seeing what the developer does with it!!!"
,Recommended,332310,16650963,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Exophyl,"Can u plz + tanks and fighter airships, also 1st person mode.thx,jawa"
,Recommended,332310,16651254,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,WMH_Bronze,Great Game!!!
76561198067702778,Recommended,332310,16212054,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Omae wa mo shindeiru,Open world lego game.Do i need to say anything else?
,Recommended,332310,16652668,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,MagneticBee,This is overall a great game. There are some bugs that do need to be fixed but the one thing i would like to see added is multiplayer capabilities. Having multiplayer in this game would really expand the popularity allowing you to build with friends and so on. Looking forward to the full version to come out! I would recomend this to a friend!!
76561198065979656,Recommended,332310,16655785,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,c9g,"Great game, A very original and fun game. I LOVE IT!!!!!!Buy it!"
76561198068355672,Recommended,332310,16656607,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Romanator,"Quite creative games, however the camera controls are really bad...."
,Recommended,332310,16771993,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,DeadPool,"Great game! Lots of fun but it's missing a lot because it is just a template at this stage. These features would be awesome!usable shovels, axes, jack hammers, magic wands, underwater air tanks, water flippers etc. pretty much every lego hand held/worn item should be in this game and have a specific use.programmable electronics. such as lights, motors, railroads, wheels, propellers, etc.right click editable electronics.every single piece ever made should be usable in game and able to use for building. ALL OF THEM!programmable hinges, trap doors, and other contraptions.ability to build vehicles.ability to go underwater and build underwater.submarines. ability to build them as well (goes with being able to make vehicles)definitely need lego underwater sets/pieces as well as the old mining sets, city sets, police, desert, space, alien, star wars, marvel, DC etc. including pieces usable for building.every single lego figure made should be usable in the game.water fill tool.editable button layout.more graphics options.ability to fish and hunt for sustenance.all of the animal models. alligators, sharks, birds etc.ability to level up skills such as guns, magic skills, digging, mining, health, fishing etc.magic wands with numerical hotkey programmable spells. BUT NO MANA OR MANA COST! It should be unlimited use but with cool down times depending on how powerful the spell. and magic spells become available as you level your wand skill.special moves for weapons/items.trains TRAINS TRAINS! Rails, pieces, models, ability to build custom trains, usable train cars, programmable trains as well as an old school turn nob controller for manual control.first person view option.fire placement that is animated, but with lego movie animation style, not realistic looking. just make the flame pieces twist left and right, that would be awesome.multiplayer.lego sets should be found in big treasure chests, and once found all of the parts included in the set are unlocked in our piece library for use in custom models. Encouraging exploration through unlocking precious parts, and a reason to keep exploring and playing the game.lego brick packages should be found in smaller treasure chests. such as a few lego set specific parts or lego figure customization parts, such as an air tank a snorkel and flippers. unlocking more items for use in custom building and figure customization.certain capes can enable you to fly.moving water falls.monorails. Such as the ones used in the old space planet sets from the 90's. also programmable/manually controlled. such pieces could be used as elevators, an automated movement system, or the original idea A MONORAIL!buttons/switches that can be right click attached to electronics or moving objects like hinges, doors, rails, monorails etc.we should be able to build and do what we want like we are playing with them in real life!"
,Recommended,332310,16772145,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,The Entirety Of Reddit,"""Do you recommend this game?"" Yes. Yes I do."
,Recommended,332310,16689369,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Lord Buggington,"thought i would update. i got enough enjoyment to say its worth buying, and it is fun and i assume it will improve. but it needs a lot more pieces to build with period. it just gets boring because you can only do so much with generic blocks. after a couple hours the worlds are repetitive, i was hoping to find some kind of towns but in 10 hours its just wilderness' with a barn, treehouse thing, and pagoda as the only buildings you come accross. the vehicle physics need to be better and you really should be able to build your own vehicles, i really hope that is planned. i experienced the camera randomly moving and terrible optomization others report but did not find them game breaking at all. the building is a bit clunky and not perfect but you can begin building pretty quick when you get used to it so i dont think its that bad."
,Recommended,332310,16775840,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Anime0w0,Really fun game im just waiting for some multiplayer
76561198009403489,Recommended,332310,16777011,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,docik.t,"I never played Minecraft, but always want to build something. And now there he is Lego Worlds. When I was boy, i was playing with Lego everyday and now like a 25 old guy i have awesome feeling when i play this game. Nostalgic. Only one think i see like a problam is that i want to build and not explore, because i am scared tat i cant find way back to my land.I started with building frost wall and Black castle, next is Winterfell but i am scared that i cant find it again.Game is absolutely awesome and i hope it will be beter and beter till oficial release."
,Recommended,332310,16158615,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,[JIGL] Bald Eagle Jerk,"Definitely brings me back to the days I spent playing with Legos as a kid. I love how the game encourages exploration. Just found my dragon and we flew off into the sunset, shooting fireballs and creating holes in the ocean. My only complaints are I can't get anything higher than 30fps, and even then, I dip down into the 15fps mark (on low settings, too). This game definitaly needs some work as far as optimizing goes, I'm running an i5, 780Ti OC and 8gb of RAM. Can't wait for the future updates (new bricks and props, vehicle creator, multiplayer, better optimization)!"
76561198066176821,Recommended,332310,16158907,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Mr. Noodle,Really looking forward to what this game will bring in the future.
76561197985364429,Recommended,332310,16158963,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,IAmThePotato,"Originally bought this game for my younger brother.He loves it.I love it.I'm a fireball-throwing warlock riding an ostrich, worth every penny."
,Recommended,332310,16158983,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,imnomuffin,"WARNING: Beefcake PC necessary for 30+ fps!First off this game is great and I can't wait to see what Traveller's Tales is going to put in. However, I have an AMD FX 6300 and an R7 260x and this game is HARD to run (probably due to each brick being rendered) When I play I get anywhere from 18-77 fps on all low (except I'm playing in 1080p but not much of a performance increase even at 720p!) Obviously needs further optimization for entry level gaming PC's. Besides that gripe the rest of the game is solid and off to a great start, and a pretty good launch too. Also what they're promising to deliver here in terms of content looks awesome! There are not very many Minecraft like games that put this much emphasis on creativity, the game encourages it and the developers showed theirs (such as the screaming skeletons) I definitely say it was worth $14.99 to support these developers, and I say if you're interested you should buy this game, as it stands now it is really fun and as updates come along it will be even more fun!"
76561198084954329,Recommended,332310,16158987,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,TheDoctorsBoTie,"If this ever gets a console release,  this game could definitely run down minecraft in a heartbeat. Also great game, my computer is a bit slow when trying to load new terrain but that's MY computers fault i'm sure."
,Recommended,332310,16159039,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,xspeednubx,"Dragons, Eagles, cars, and enough lego to fill your house (or build it)!And the best part-YOU CAN'T STEP ON LEGO AND HURT YOURSELF!Such a great game for early access."
,Recommended,332310,16159404,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,CaSrBa,"This game is really creative and has a lot of potential, but at its current state the UI is very clunky and needs major work. There is quite a bit of discovering to do in this game currently, and if it continues on the same track I believe it will become an interesting and fun game."
,Recommended,332310,16159604,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Aussie,"If you're inverted player like me then the game is basically in an unplayable state.After 2 minutes of play I can tell you that the controller is much better to use and there isn't an option to turn on invert Y axis and the settings in the config don't change it.It looks like a good game and I'm looking forward to playing it, but in it's current state it is unplayable for me.Once they update the settings to accomodate the inverted settings then I highly recommend the game."
,Recommended,332310,16159621,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,echodeimos,"This is something special.  Its not mineraft. Its more so lego, open world, lego. It had me at volcano.  It plays like most lego games that we have come to know without the gagets. Cant wait to see what they do with it."
,Recommended,332310,16160106,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Virgel Fromage,"Positives:+ Technically impressive. At this early stage it is well made, runs well and has a lot of solid mechanics+ Really captures to heart and soul of Lego. Every brick looks real, they are rendered well and you can build anything you want.+ Huge potential. It is still very early, so it could go anywhere. It could remain this free building light hearted game or it could merge with the comunity and become as expansive and open as Minecraft.+ FUN! Even in the early stage, without many things to do, other than exploration and building it is a LOT of fun.Negatives:- Early access. If you expect to buy a minecraft counterpart you will be disapointed. There is no survival aspect or opjective to the game as of yet.- Potential to go nowhere. Being so early in development it is impossible to tell where it will go. It may blossem into a brillaint game like Minecraft with loads to do and having an impressive modding community. Or it could flop and remain a  simple lego builder.I was really just nit picking with the negatives, as to not be bias.As you can tell with my first points, I really like this game and can't wait to see where it goes.If you love LEGO then you will love this."
,Recommended,332310,16160162,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Lord Stalin,Great game but a massive issue for laptops. on my £400 laptop it struggles to load and i am at an average of 20 frames per second. otherwise the best game for lego ever! perfect for lego fans and minecraft fans.
76561198101232752,Recommended,332310,16160275,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,CoCa,The best game Tt and Lego have ever made! It's almost too much fun and I can't wait for multiplayer and (hopefully) steam workshop.
76561198037536257,Recommended,332310,16161208,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,raveryn,"*Really cool*An interactive Lego playground.  Combine the gameplay of traditional LEGO games, add the exploration and building of minecraft, and the ability to build stuff out of actual LEGO blocks in a virtual environment.  So far so great.  A terrific start to what promises to be a truly expansive and enjoyable game.  I'm sure it will get even more awesome as they add more to it....cause everything is awesome!  (seem nearly every review has made that joke so I had to :-P)"
,Recommended,332310,16161609,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,grimjesta,"I *was* playing a wizard flying around in a helicopter, weilding a fish as a weapon against skeletons, but after unlocking some new stuff through exploration, I am now a zombie flying around on a giant eagle using a terrain-destroying bazzoka against everything.It's one of those wacky games, and it works. I hahve been having a ton of fun with this.Right now it seems to be less about building a home base/village and more about exploration and finding new things to unlock to build (which you do simply by walking up to a new person/object/flora). I do hope that there are eventually different modes for this, as the default is very casual with minimal combat and such, but the game is VERY Early Access.It has a lot of potential, and even in the Early Access state, it is quite fun as a ""mess around because I don't feel like playing anything too serious"" type of game.I cannot wait for co-op to be instituted."
76561198043048992,Recommended,332310,16179938,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Raytay286,I turned into a bat then killed someone with my wingflaps.10/10 would play agian.
76561198048562194,Recommended,332310,16179946,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,The Yutz With The Horse,"As of right now, I have played almost 5 hours of LEGO Worlds. What do I have to say about it? It is awesome. Now of course there are some flaws in the game, mostly because it is still in Early Access. But I am %100 sure that by the time it is fully released in 2016, that it will be %100 awesome.Let's start with the cons:1) The camera controls are a bit wonky. Sometimes when you're climbing up mountains are walls (especially when you are inside a building) the camera will try to follow you in the most absurd of ways. For instance, while I tried to scale a mountain on horseback, the camera went into the mountain side and stayed there until I reached the mountain's peak. Often times inside of building with small rooms you will be staring at the building from the outside while your character runs in circles inside.2) Weapons:a- You seem to be unable to fire a gun from horseback.b- If you have both a melee and a ranged weapon equipped, switching between the two is a nightmare. Enemies that are some 4ft away will get blasted with an rocket launcher while you were planning on swinging your katana. Meanwhile you get hit with the full spectrum of the rocket's explosion.c- Aiming can be difficult especially in close quarters with multiple enemies.3) Mouse:a- Sometimes the mouse will vanish for no reason at all. (Happened 1 time to me but I have read some of the other reviews).b- On one ocassion I lost complete control of the camera. Clicking and holding the right mouse button did nothing.4) Building:a- I found it rather hard to line up structures when I was using the ""add block"" tool.b- Sometimes the pain tool did nothing at all. Spraying blanks.c- The ""undo"" and ""redo"" tools only seemed to effect paint for some reason, not actual blocks.d- Maybe we could use some sort of measurement tool.e- I couldn't get a large area to be completely flat because the ""flatten"" tool can't be set to flatten everything to a singular height but rather flattens land to an average height compared to the land that you are trying to flatten. (If that makes any sense)Niether Cons nor Pros. Inbetween.1) Map.a- We could use a map.b- I want waypoints to mark where I built my hidden base or my communal town.c- Maybe some kind of fast travel, like a pay to use portal or something.2) Minecraft!?a- crafting. I want to be able to make my own weapons like in Minecraft (or even cubeworld).b- Maybe some like forges and stuff. That would be awesome.c- Crafting clothing. YES.Pros:1) Terrain.a- The way that biomes blend from one to the next is smooth.b- No two biomes of the same type have the same look. Every area has different hills and valleys.c- The way that the game looks is just very aesthetically pleasing. (opinion)2) Buildinga- The ability to build ad destroy anything is just awesome.b- The fact that you can construct anything on such a fast and large scale is almost terrifying. (especially when compared to Minecraft).c- Besides the problems I listed in cons, I found building farely easy to use and almost smooth.3) Spawnings.a- I did run into several situations where horses spawned in trees. But, other than that, the spawning of mobs was nicely generated.4) In game buildingsa- The seasonal home that you can build is essentially a free and easy way to make a ton of coins. If anyone didn't already know that.b- The buidlding that the game gives you are nice, but I think that we could use some more buildings to correspond with certain biomes. Maybe we would have to buy them with coins or something, but I do feel like the  buildng list was pretty barren when it came to diverse homes.Now I know I didn't mention a ton of things. That was inevatible. Maybe I'll edit this later. However, it is now time fr my overall rating.Get the game. If not for the reason of actually wanting to shape how the finished product looks. Get it because in less than a years time, the price will have jumped up. For all we know it may be $30 or even closee to $60. I sure as hell don't want to pay that much when I could have spent $15.Now other than that, the game is awesome and fun. There is an endless amount of exploring and building you can do. Get out there and do it."
76561198147544192,Recommended,332310,16179981,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Guy Incognito,I faught my way through mummies and skeletons in a desert to get to a sphinx on the horizon.Then I blew it up cause I thought there'd be a chest inside. There wasn't.neat/10
,Recommended,332310,16180407,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,DuckMan,All I Can Say Is...R.I.P Minecraft D;
,Recommended,332310,16180525,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Bargain Bob,Open world fun
,Recommended,332310,16180527,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,ScottGIsaacs93,"This game is awesome already even though in the beginning stages.  It has a couple of unfortunate holes, such as not being able to delete world that you have created, but otherwise it is amazing!"
76561198066382469,Recommended,332310,16181096,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Cipher IX,- Start game- Choose character- Find world- Falling from the sky- I see a horse- Try control and fall closer to it- But the horse stand closer lava- I fell into lava ahrrrrr!!!!!
,Recommended,332310,16181359,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Stale Memes,"This game is AMAZING! Now all i need to find is a plane, a camel and a goat xD 100000000000000000 out of 10!"
76561198012802693,Recommended,332310,16181612,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Sparky Blaze,"TL;DR Version: This is the Lego game every kid has always wanted, but in its current point in development, has a lot of glaring problems that makes it a tough sell in this moment in time.__________________________Let me make one thing perfectly clear. I love the concept of this game, and I can see the potential oozing out of every inch of this game. This is a game that I've wanted since I was 10 years old, and in that regard, it utterly FAILS to disappoint me. I love this game so much just by merely EXISTING.HOWEVER!!!!This game currently has problems. Glaring problems. Problems that, had this been a final product and not Early Access, I would say are completely unacceptable. I have the utmost faith that this game will be released outside Early Access in time, and these problems will be ironed out. Afterall, TellTale games has made some of the greatest adventure games of all time. The Walking Dead, Back to the Future, Sam & Max, Game of Thrones, Tales from the Borderlands, The Wolf Among Us-! *Catches Breath* .... and of course, past Lego games... but right now, it's a really tough sell.Pros1. Take the Sandbox Style of Minecraft, and Put it into Lego form using the classic TellTale Games Lego Gameplay as a foundation.2. For an Early Access Game, there is already a LOT of Content that allows you to build just about anything you want, and since it's lego, and not typical Voxels, you have a LOT of creative freedom.3. Character Customization is robust and after unlocking enough characters, allows you to make some very off the wall and quirky combinations for custom characters.4. You get to ride a motherbleepin Dragon, walk on clouds, and shoot holes in water. I feel like there's a Chuck Norris joke in there somewhere, that's how hardcore that is.5. Progress on your character and Progress on your world are separate, allowing you to take all of the progress you made across different worlds.6. The Controls are really good, and you can climb any surface to allow potentially unique platforming scenarios.7. The graphics are Lego in everyway, and it's perfect.Cons.1. World Generation isn't as Robust as Minecraft's (yet). Sure, there are more biomes, and the Desert is better than the Minecraft one, but it's still pretty barren for the most part.2. Terrible Optimisation. Even with my beefy computer that can run a game like... oh, I dunno, The Witcher 3 at the highest settings, I keep getting framerate stuttering all of the time. Unacceptable.3. Terrain Editing is VERY buggy right now. Some of the buttons don't click right, and sometimes, the terrain you edit will later pop right back up to before you edited them.4. The graphics have an odd Depth of field where your character is perfectly clear, but the world around you is out of focus. I've read other reviews about the same thing, so I know I'm not the only one.So, in conclusion, is this game flawed? Yes.Is this game full of bugs? A whole lot of yes!Does this game provide not only loads of fun creative options, but also the potential to 1-Up Minecraft?ALL of the Yes!It's games like this that make me wish I was a kid again so that my childhood dream didn't need to wait this long to know that one day... I will get the Lego game of my dreams."
,Recommended,332310,16182036,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,ArcticKillers1979,"Every mainstream Lego game has had lack of the biggest part of Lego, to build and create, most Lego games are just following a story to a popular movie, but this game finally allows you to be creative, the best way to sum the game up would be like an open world video game version of Lego Digital Designer before it got really complicated and taken over by MindStorm."
,Recommended,332310,16182091,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Nickorator,"A game with a lot of potential in future updates.Not much to do so far, but boy oh boy just think of the possibilities of the future of a game like this..."
76561198057277109,Recommended,332310,16182100,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Delta3842 [xydre],"Amazing game! Needs some work doing it, but saying that I can now throw fish at a dragon while pushing a lawnmower around!!"
76561198050943594,Recommended,332310,16182671,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,nick.sims,"Please update this game, so it can be played on Mac's!!!"
76561198066889301,Recommended,332310,16182795,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Rockkills,"	Spawn in nice cliffy area	Punch stuff	See airplane	Crash airplane	Find another airplane	Fly around	See dragon!!!!!!!!!	Acquire dragon	FIREBALLS!@$!@#	Make cave with fireballs	See temple	Open large chest in temple	BAZOOKA!?!@?#!@?!@?#	BOOM	No more temple	Run around, see watch tower thing	Another large chest!	Banana	Kill skeletons with throwable banana	Find bull stuck inside of a tree10/10"
76561197997616847,Recommended,332310,16182833,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Wilburforce137,"Early Access Game = Early Access Review:I told myself I wouldn't be fooled again (looking at you, DayZ), I hope haven't made a fool of myself....but at $15 it is hard to go wrong.Some people say this looks like a Minecraft-clone.  I say the conversation went like this:Person 1 - What if there was a game where you could run around and make whatever you wanted out of little blocks?""Person 2 - What, you mean like LEGOs?Person 1 - Yeah, but we can't make them LEGOs.  We'd get totally sued for that.Person 3 - How about just single blocks, besides, it'd be easier to program.***and Minecraft was born***I'm not going to lie, this game is obviously a work in progress; but even if they did little more to it that they have already done to it, it would already be just about as good as Minecraft.  The graphics are excellent, for what it is.  The game is designed with sense of whimsy.  While not super filled with stuff, or cities(at least my first world isn't), there is plenty of exploring to do, with the next island just across the sea....calling you, saying ""come and play with me, just for 15 more minutes...""Within my first  15 minutes, I encountered a biker....I promptly punched him in the face repeatedly and took his skin.I then came across some skeletons...punched them in the faces, they fell to pieces... and took their skin...I then changed my skin to look like a skeleton and put on a biker bandana.After wandering, I came across a hut on stilts by the oceanside.  Inside was a treasure chest.  Inside the treasure chest was a banana....I then attacked a skeleton with the banana...On another island, I found a goat....I promptly rode the goat across the sea to an island of mountains and giant mushrooms....It is just silly, stupid fun....like LEGOs...They're going in the right direction."
,Recommended,332310,16182886,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Sammyrism,"I am really underwhelmed by the small about of content this game has to offer. I've played 3 hours of it, and the last 1.5 hour has pretty much just been exploration. Most of the characters, vehicles and animals I found was within the first 1.5 hours of the game, and after that, it's not much more left to do.Fair enough, it's early access, but I still think there should be more content in a game like this, even at it's early stages.A few things that I would like to see in this game would be multiplayer, workshop, more Bricks and Tiles to build with (1x2 rocking plate + 1x2 Bearing Rocker, and similar bricks that you can change the angle of), more character customisation, etc.Even though it does not have much to it at the moment, I would still recommend it to anyone who has ever enjoyed playing with Lego."
76561198199678723,Recommended,332310,16183015,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,ath66198,"i think the only thing they need to add in is dimensions and portals, also a map and a few other vehical's and more animals. also space-travel."
76561197988503484,Recommended,332310,16183207,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,LastActionZero,In a Word.. Epic. I see the potential that Minecraft had in the early days when .....except here you have frickin Dragons you can  ride around on. Can't wait to see where they go with it.
,Recommended,332310,16183297,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Tomas Mackar,This is going to be an incredible game when the final version is released! But even now it's great :) Check out my first impressions here!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iLxfj3dmDSA
,Recommended,332310,16183430,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,4b6167,Not really my cup of tea but I can understand why others might enjoy it.Legos + Minecraft + Gameplay of previous lego games - storyline = this.
76561198025203443,Recommended,332310,16184157,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Dragon of Darkness,I found it fun for a while. although it is lacking at this stage (much like minecraft pre alpha) I await further updates
,Recommended,332310,16184198,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Banks,"so addictive, it will be better if it has an online featurenice move lego.. nice move.."
76561198143033261,Recommended,332310,16184316,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,MrSuricate,"It's best LEGO game ever! You can build or destroy everything you whant In infinite world. Search new lego people, animals, biomes and etc. If you don't already by it, do it now!Thanks to authors for this great sandbox. And please add possibility to customize cars and another technics."
,Recommended,332310,16184735,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,aboxofchocolates,"excellent game that has a lot of potentual. are a 2 hour session i think id seen everything, but was blow away by it. cant wait to see what it does in the future. but it definatly needs a first person veiw and id like to see some citys"
,Recommended,332310,16185009,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,rhinette,"This is the greatest game of all time. So many animals to ride. Thought the dragon was cool but I kept swimming and found a polar bear to ride, then I found a camel with a sphinx!!!! GAHHH 10/10 I am 5yo again. This is so much fun I cant wait to see what they add to it!"
76561198053155440,Recommended,332310,16185020,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Nanman,Everything is made out of Lego. EVERYTHING.
,Recommended,332310,17967710,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,♛Squidwardis Tentaclatis♛,"This game is great!What more can I say, it's Lego building in a game!Buuuut..........1. When you edit your character, it doesn't keep it.2. The lagg is real.3. Some fixes need to be made *rendering* (reminder that it is in early acess)"
,Recommended,332310,18103299,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Silva,"It's a pretty solid game and I've been enjoying it even as early access.If they add more sets like LotR and Star Wars, this will be a great game."
76561198148136839,Recommended,332310,18105172,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Tobatko,I like LEGO so much i want to full BIG LIKE FOR THIS GAME!
76561198212505625,Recommended,332310,18108067,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,JMGypsum,"I think the game is good and has a lot of potential to be a great game. Things i would like to see is more sets from the older stuff like power miners, agents, and mars misson even the stuff from 1995 and you should have to discover those sets in there own envirment too add more exploration but what i want to see the most is the titanium command rig."
,Recommended,332310,18117705,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,ღKalfaxღ,"I think this game is really awesome, allthough it doesnt have enough content yet, nor multiplayer mode, its a lot of fun to explore the land and collect all the different vehicles, characters, animals and items that you can use. personally id love a first person view where you can build blocks in a simpler way, one by one, kind of like in minecraft, because the current building system takes some getting used to, so i have still not built anything special.Maybe after a few more hours ill get the hang of it though, but right now it seems a bit complicated and takes a lot of time to place blocks one by one because of this.I absolutely recommend this game because its a lot of fun and the quality is great, it doesnt lag at all for me, and the only issue ive had with it is that sometimes it crashes, but it has only happened once, and sometimes when i save and quit to main menu it sometimes goes into a blackscreen and i have to close and reopen the game. I have yet to find an eagle, tractor and submarine, but other than that i think i found everything except for the crystal and mushroom biomes, maybe ill find those later.If you like games where you build and explore this is a great game for you!"
76561198232316456,Recommended,332310,16283610,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,sllee43,ahhhhhhh!!!! why isnt it for mac!!! i already got it then realized its not for mac! there go's $15.00!!!
76561198081741911,Recommended,332310,18151736,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,uh huh,this game is so much fun. i dont hate lego games at all but this game doesnt feel like your playing a lego game so if you dont like lego......you should still get this game because why not
76561198132257117,Recommended,332310,18092973,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,GrimLock,"It was on sale so i checked it out, before i new it it was 4hrs later lol. Was like revisiting my chidhood, cant wait till its done but as it is its a lot of fun."
,Recommended,332310,16264528,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,StChubster,"An Open World sandbox adventure filled with things to interact with and discover, although there isn't any Survival or Multplayer you are thrust into a world full of posiblities, LEGO Worlds is perfect for kids and even adults due to it's building mechanics, if you love LEGO and construction then this is the perfect game for you.Watch full review here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m9HfyudY2s0"
,Recommended,332310,30564067,Posted: 16 March,all,dustin.christian,"I have been stuck on the screen where your first loads for 30 MINUTES.I had to exit the game...AND..It took 5 hours for the game to even DOWNLOAD!!!1/10. Would not reccomend.[EDIT]I finally got it to work! Well, my 7 year old bro did..9/10. needs a longer cutscene at the beginning."
,Recommended,332310,30574476,Posted: 17 March,all,Donaar,this game is fantastic and absorbed my life over the past few days while ive been sick and i cant get enuff of itpros:-the lego works exactly as it should-combat is simple yet fun-dragons!-lots to do and unlockcons:-the multiplayer currently does not allow you to access your own unlocks only the hosts-there appears to be a memory leak but not too bad of one as it took 8 hours for it to become noticable for me-may crash isnt currently the most stable (getting better with each update)-collecting the gold blocks can be tedious
76561198150633646,Recommended,332310,18719823,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Gee WHiZZz,this game is amazing it would be  great if it was online or local co-op then it will be one of the best games iv eevered played
76561198209292447,Recommended,332310,18701280,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Kovu_The_Sergal,"Great game, a little too hard to find the biome that you want, for example: the lava/volcano biome, but when you do find what you want it feels really awesome. I personally think that you get the enjoyment out of the game by setting goals for yourself so that, when you accomplish those goals, you get a feeling of progress. I can't think of a major way to make it better, besides a few bug-fixes that they'll surely get around to doing."
76561198047115696,Recommended,332310,18621665,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Auto,Nice game... Good to pass your time
,Recommended,332310,16163898,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Cosmic,All i can say is.....Rest....in....pieces....Minecraft.
,Recommended,332310,16192178,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,odhránthewizard,"this game has been compared to Minecraft, but it is not too similar. there is no real survival aspect as none of the enemies are too difficult to kill. but this game is INCREDIBLE for an open world sandbox! with tonnes of rideable animals and vehicles though this game doesn't have much more of a goal than ""explore, discover and create"" it is still something you could sink a fair few hours in to. BUT not only is this an incredible game, but the developers are INCREDIBLE. they have confirmed an upcoming multiplayer, NO micro-transactions and (possible) future modding support. you should buy this game now while it is in early access as it is being sold at a reduced price. BUY IT :)"
76561198168416785,Recommended,332310,16192771,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,K-28,BEST GAME IN THE UNIVERSE AND GALAXY.
,Recommended,332310,16193384,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Boshcraft,I meet the recomended requirements and without any other programs running I have problems running game without it lagging but apart from that this game is amazing!
76561197966430844,Recommended,332310,16193511,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,WokkaWokka,"Good game, fun to play. there is a lot of scope to it and it gets your imagination going.It does need some Performance improvements, but it is early access.cool game"
,Recommended,332310,16193780,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,ComputerGeekToy,LEGO Worlds is definiately a unique game that combines aspects of your childhood favorite toy with your imagination. I love the game because of the exploration and building aspects to it. I only hope they will make the menu screen more 4:3 aspect ratio friendly.
76561198114995716,Recommended,332310,16194082,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,🐱🐱﻿catwolf2070🐱🐱,get it now
76561198084674544,Recommended,332310,16194342,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Typhoonator,"I have only played this game for an couple hours or so so far, yet I love it! I can't wait to see where it goes next!"
76561198098279668,Recommended,332310,16194679,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Aaronjay The Legend,"Even though this game is still in development, the graphics are great, and you have way mor freedom than the other lego games.  Most of the mechanics from the other games are still in it, like punching things to get money.  There is so much to do in these GIGANTIC worlds, I am still wondering what my surroundings are.  People have been saying that it is alot like minecraft, and they would be wrong.  sure, you build things, but that is about as far as the similarities get.  If anything, it is it's own game, and is not at all close to anything i've played.   Exept Garry's mod."
76561198231807904,Recommended,332310,16194734,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,jack.zhao.andrade,"THis game has so much potential but i cant see the floor or any type of terrain everything is invisible except for the people,flowers,mushrooms,small builds,and animals.Please fix this because if you do you made mine and many other's days.Thank you."
,Recommended,332310,16194785,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Wolfie,"Make your own world of LEGOLong time ago when minecraft was merely an simple alpha game i always tought to myself... ""this is like building legos"" and from that date beyond i always wondered, why havent lego made a sandbox building game yet we all could enjoy? well look no further because that game is here!!!Lego Worlds in simple words is a sandbox game where you can build your wery own LEGO experience, even still inEarly Access, it does have ton of potential for expanding and with the futureMultiplayerthat is suppose to come later in 2015 or early 2016... the game can only get better.for any big lego fans, i can recommend the game with open heart. Even on its early state its still ton of fun to play around with everything it already has to offer."
,Recommended,332310,16194900,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,suphomie,If you enjoy the other Tt lego games you may be surprised to see some simularity between them and this as far as your character goes. Other than that they are very different. This is more like a digital lego set (only has basic bricks at the moment although im sure they will add more later)As the game is right now its alot of fun but can become boring fast with little to nothing to do besides unlocking things and exploring. All the biom's are very simular and with no real threat or purpose to it right now it feels  bland. However this is early access and this game has the makings of one of the best games this year hands down. People keep saying its minecraft in lego form. But in my opinion it isnt. It has a long way to go before it comes close to minecraft but if everything is done right then for sure it could be a real contender. Keeping my eyes on this one.
,Recommended,332310,16194973,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,The_Echo_Plays,wasnt able to play since It wouldnt let me play unless im on my Dad's account since its the adminastrator account D: please fix
76561198078293318,Recommended,332310,16195248,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Mproano,So far my favorite Lego game.  At first it did not run well but when i lowered the texture to lowest it worked alot better.Also i am dying for a multiplayer mode even thought this game just game out i still hope they get one.
76561198057856948,Recommended,332310,16144049,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,ThorriXD,found and rode a giant red dragon 10/10 XD
76561198102801059,Recommended,332310,16144222,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,jojack56,"found a dog that was like 1/6 the size of me road it around through water everything,found and ostrich road it instead,dog got mad attacked the ostrich lost both.10/10no really but this game is actually pretty Awesome, cant wait to see where it goes.also hoping it has some multiplayer options later on in the development."
,Recommended,332310,16144239,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Lala,"i was drilling the sea, then the sea throw me to the sky11/10"
,Recommended,332310,16144296,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,JmanDude99,From the moment i bought this game i knew it was going to be good! This game brings all of the nostalgia back from playing with legos as a kid! THIS GAME IS AMAZING!
,Recommended,332310,16144452,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Anthony,awsome game!!!!
76561198053706354,Recommended,332310,16144558,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Snow,"I know I have not played this game for a long time, but I do want to give my short review about this game. It will be updated ofcourse the further the development of the game gets. I got inspired by the other reviews to try this game out. For what I have played it is a fun game to play :)I already got my bulldozer stuck in a mountain. After freeing my machine I drove further to enter a world of lava, weird wizards and dragons :D Took my first flight with my dragon friend and landed on top of mount Lego doom (that's how I called it). When I decided to take my bulldozer again I drove in the lava, the machine exploded and I died. And that in just 10 minutes time.The game graphics are very decent considering it is early acces, which is a plus I think :) Ok, the graphics are glitchy but hey.. early access :)The things that are a problem for me personally at the moment is the building mode. It is very dificult to navigate and build something decent. I hope the developers will improve the build mode. At the moment it is almost impossible to create a flat surface on a hill to build your castle of yours. You can either lower the ground or make it higher, but I experienced this to be difficult and ineffective.That's why I gave up on building and started exploring. The exploring part is the most fun thing at the moment. Again keep in mind that this is an early access game! The most annoying part of exploring is the camera. This game clearly will work better with a controller but for someone who has always played the lego games on pc I do hope the developers improve the camera in the game.Apart from that I do not have any negative things that pop in my mind. I hope to play this game for a longer periode then I have done now.If you are doubting whether to buy this game I would suggest to give it a try. It is lego.... You can never go wrong with lego :D"
,Recommended,332310,16145325,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Korky,Love this game. So much fun and so much potential in the future updates! 10/10
76561198052073447,Recommended,332310,16145364,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,assoschwarz,makes your hole childhood come to live
,Recommended,332310,16145421,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Hammer Morty,LEGO Building in a game where i can also explore is something i like to call...........AWESOMENESS
,Recommended,332310,16145439,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Chef Boyardee,"Wow, this game is just pure fun. There is so much you could do in this game. Get it. You will not regret it."
,Recommended,332310,16145542,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Darth Bank,its basically lego minecraft. its actually pretty ♥♥♥♥ing cool atleast for the first hour i played. i want a survival mode where you have to collect blocks to build and get food and stuff
,Recommended,332310,16145580,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Kalaaver,I got on a Goat and we came upon a bunch of Wizards.I then built a mighty castle and made the Wizards my army.I then road my goat until I found an innocent village.And I counqered them on my mighty goat!10/10
76561198044553918,Recommended,332310,16145636,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,ShadowBoxer2412,The world had a lot of mountains. Then I found the earth core driller and bulldozer. Then there weren't any more mountains.
,Recommended,332310,16145796,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Fucad,Just do it... you know you want to.
76561197970980473,Recommended,332310,16145831,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Mithrilhall,I like what I've seen so far. The game is coming along great.A friend had an excellent recommendation for Lego. Build a feature into the game where you can custom order what you've built in the game as real Lego blocks.Example:You've built a great looking castle. Why not give users the ability to custom order all the blocks you've used to build it in game so you can build it in real life as well?
76561198042954565,Recommended,332310,16145875,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Pasta,"this is the game that i always wanted when i was a kid, but now it's a dream come true"
76561198073242307,Recommended,332310,16145964,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Piero,Found a fishThrew fish at enimies and objectsFound a drogonProceded to destroy everything with fireballs11.2fish/10
76561198121186325,Recommended,332310,16144794,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Darkbowser166,"I think this game has great ptotential, I reccomend getting it now while its cheap and in early access. Theres is definitly room for improvement with the mechanics and some content but everything in it is gorgeous."
76561198107565422,Recommended,332310,16146221,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,MFighter,this game is really fun and worth the money but i wish it came out with multiplayer instead of it coming out in a future update
,Recommended,332310,16146263,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Cloud Nova™,"Beautiful looking game with LOTS of potential. At the moment it's only like 2 hours of fun, but I can see my self spending entire days playing this after more ""Sets"" and multiplayer come out.10/10 would ride wolf puppy again."
76561198000590106,Recommended,332310,16146283,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Otter,I don't like that it keeps freezing and closing the game on me.  I'm trying to resolve the issue right now.  When it doesn't freezeclose on me I enjoy it a lot.  I want to play it more but it keeps freezeclosing.  This review doesn't read very well because I'm frustrated.  The game is fun.
76561198008082396,Recommended,332310,16146285,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Nostrellor/Solafar,"I am a baldeagle riding, fish wielding feudal king and dropplanded on a dragon, 10/10 would bring freedom over the land.serious:There is quite nothing to do but explore atm, biomes look beautiful but are kind of empty.I can't really say where this game is headed but i think when they listen to the community it will be a really great game someday.2 warnings though:don't play with mouse and keyboard, it is much better with a controller.the amount of polygones which it loads are really stressing my Pc and i had to reduce all settings to low and still I got some lagspikes. It isn't the newest Computer but i can play most new games on medium quality."
76561197992553676,Recommended,332310,16146359,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,HardeKern,"nice game, but i hope there come more like lego island 1 and lego island 2 and much much more"
,Recommended,332310,16146463,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Lil'Salt'n'Vinegar,This game is truly amazing... but one question... why is it called project 23? in the task manager?
76561198080947729,Recommended,332310,16146629,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,The Angel of Death,"Pretty much came in my jeans when I found out about this game!Instant buy: to which was weird since I'm sceptical about Early Access Games- Started a new world- Skydived into said world- landed in a graveyard- kicked the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of a dozen skeletons- became said skeleton- found a bazooka- destroyed everything in sight with said bazooka for well over an hour- laughed like a manic the entire timeThis has been the most fun game I've played in a long time! It is everything my childhood version of me would have wanted in a video game.If you love LEGO, you will love this game!10/10 - would be 15/10 if multiplayer was available (hopefully in progress)"
76561198023413707,Recommended,332310,16146638,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Oerlikon,"I bought this game in hopes of never hearing the horrible music from Minecraft again.My children have been playing all night.I haven't heard depressing Minecraft music.I want to play, but they won't let me.""Dad, this is way better than MC"".Winning.Like Minecraft, only good.10/10"
,Recommended,332310,17444270,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,MachineGunMafiaMan,"I think this is an epic game, though it might need bug fixes, it's still awesome. Before I got the game, I had really wanted to find a City Car( when online multiplayer is added, I'd play with a friend and we'd make a city). And I spawned right next to a Canyon and I found it really easily. I love playing this game. ( I'm sorry I did a review moreso talking about the City Car:))."
,Recommended,332310,17445845,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,It's All Rainbow,"If you like sandbox game and exploring game, try this"
76561198060473356,Recommended,332310,17447683,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Narouna,"I've spent a few hours playing the game already, seeing different landscapes, obtaining new items, and it's all very fun. I can't wait to see this game once it's completed. However there are a few things that I've noticed.Land tears: in caves these are most noticable. I've been in a cave and I can sort of see tears in the walls that I'm not 100% sure if they should actually be there or not and seeing them kinda gives the game a little bit of that unfinished feeling. Even if they are supposed to be there, it makes the walls of the cave feel paper thin.Computer things: I'm not sure if anyone else is having this problem, but I've got a fairly gutsy computer. But after about 10 minutes of playing the game on low quality my computer makes sounds comparable to when I play TERA on ultra graphics. So might need to work on it being a little less taxing on the computer.As for things I'd like to see in the future: I wouldn't mind seeing bigger structures. Ever since I was a kid I loved things and structures that I could actually go inside of (buildings, tunnels, caves, etc) and the structures throughout the game are a little too small and cramped. The caves are perfect and I love them so much, even with the tears. Spending a few hours just exploring caves in this is actually fun cause you never know when they will end or where they will lead you."
,Recommended,332310,17538281,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Boni BeeTh Botz,"Highly recommended! Obviously presents some weaknesses as it stills in the Early Access, but make sure it has the potential to be a first-class.Pros:Already has a great diversity of vehicles, biomes, items, animals and charactersYou can build 90% of the things you want, if you have patience of course.Interesting gameplay where you can ride animals, climb walls and roofs, fly with planes, dragons and even with a broomstick.Customizable character from the parts of the discovered characters.Cons:There is no goal. I mean, you can easily find all the items and characters in two days. After that, it only remains to construct your own stuff and that's not easy as it could be.Lack of practicality in tools, camera, menus and controls.There is no map and no direction. The chance of you go out for a walk and never find your home again it's 99%.The ""alone in the world"" feeling. You find characters and animals all the time, but there is no dialogue or anything...he will greet you or he will call for a fight.*Note: Many of these things will obviously improve with updates. it's known.Personal Expectations:A system of towns and lands with communicative characters and various challenges/quests. I really believe that would give life to the game.DLCs with themed content. For example, a Medieval theme DLC with kingdoms and knights for each biome and new buildings and props.A community Workshop.The ability to create their your own world where you will be choosing where will be sea and where it will be land with specific biomes.Well, that's it...An amazing game, even more if you are creative! I believe most of my expectations will be filled with upcoming updates.Cheers!"
76561198015267961,Recommended,332310,17539194,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Confusha,I like this game. Dont get me wrong but this game is missing something.............O ya its the online this game needs to get online in future. no point on creating worlds if you cant play multiplayer. i mean come on serioulsy. wheres the world battles lego should of always had.  Theres alot you can do with this game. If a multiplayer is never added i will feel kinda ripped off cause for what the early release is  right now gets boring. what about a battle mode where we get 8 min to build whatever we can the 1v1 or team v team
,Recommended,332310,16826468,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,🐜👀,Ahh yes Lego WorldsIts a Lego Sandbox gameLEGO SAND BOX GAME!!what are you doing reading this ?? BUY THIS GAME!!
,Recommended,332310,16828379,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,TheRealSmiley [CNCU],"i really love this game, but when its complete i hope that red brick cheats and a steam workshop are added"
76561198166671494,Recommended,332310,16829786,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,☢ James Bond ☢,"This is the best lego game I have ever played. I own all the other ones such as starwars, harry potter, indiana jones, lord of the rings and much much more. The problem with the games in the past is that there is always an end and you are restricted on what you do but with lego worlds you can do anything and it is neverending fun! You can ride a dragon, massive eagle, and even a husky! If you are debating to buy this game GET IT! It will never get old and you will not regret it! WARNING: This game is highly addictive and you might not be able to get off!!!!!"
76561198235984038,Recommended,332310,16811168,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,cillianfoley201,This game is the best game ive ever played and I can never look at a lego husky without seeing a minfig riding it
,Recommended,332310,16812435,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,smasheded,It is really good but it is no LU.
76561198022922979,Recommended,332310,16815993,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,NightReaper,"My son (8 yrs old) loves this game , it has taken place of the long played and multiply played Minecraft. His cousin and him always fighting over this game , great game."
76561198157444728,Recommended,332310,16816368,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,SpongeGirth l hellcase.com,"LEGO PLEASE consider adding worksop items mods and Dupes it will add a bigger reason for playing.(Also if you dont know what a ""Dupe"" is it when someone builds something and you add it to the game as a brick build from the workshop). Also I dont know if your working on multiplayer but it would be the best part. If you add this i would go from a 8/10 yo a 10/10."
76561198135976454,Recommended,332310,16818472,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,American Fish,"really fun,just needs more stuff"
76561198126945358,Recommended,332310,16820649,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Cereal_K1ller,"This Game is extreamly fun. Non-stop hours of fun. Im addicted to it i dont know the last time i went out side. After of 10 hours of making buildings exploring riding dragons, eagles, huskeys, camels, cars, motorcycles, exe i highly recommend this for people who loves legos,exlporation,building,distroying."
,Recommended,332310,16820974,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Lord Buckethead,This game is great and I can't wait to see what they do with it in the future. My one problem I have with the game is that there are very noticeable lag spikes whenever the game loads a new area which makes the exploring aspect of the game less enjoyable.
76561198204753163,Recommended,332310,16821833,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,michaelhwkohl,realy good game but sometime crashes my computer
76561198028393298,Recommended,332310,16148670,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Vulpes Velox,Camera controls like♥♥♥♥♥and gets stuck on objects or randomly is inside the ground if you ascend to quickly.In the current version you can build with simple bricks and pre-made objects or explore randomly generated hills while riding a dragon.I expect it to be an amazing game come full release!
,Recommended,332310,16148743,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,ZeroZerock,"Would i recommend this game?OF COURSE.I rode a polar bear through an island made of candy.GOTY FOR THE NEXT 50 YEARS IN A ROW. If not 50 years, then more."
,Recommended,332310,16148850,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Jimmy Dean's Mean Wien,"Glorious. For a generously low price, not only can you have a limitless box of legos, but you can finally get inside of what you've built. Imagination is king in this game. Ride an eagle through space, own the seas as a pirate in a dingy, or even build your own village in candy land. This is going to be the game Lego Creator wanted to be, and at the early access price it's a steal in its current state. I imagine it will only get better with multiplayer.  Accessible for all ages, easy to get lost in, and a must buy."
,Recommended,332310,16149487,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,King Bionic TigerRose,its epic
76561198108195684,Recommended,332310,16149551,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,BenNAna,"i found a casual steamroller next to a mountain hopped in and found i could pave roads. As a joke tried to drive in the ocean while instead it turns out you can build bridges. Bulit a bridge to a new island found an evil wizard in this strange and distant land. Killed the wizard and wore him as a suit and became the evil wizard (cape included).  Followed all this up by riding a goat into a building where i found a bazooka and starting my reign of destruction of everything and anything with my pet goat10/10 childhood 2.0all seriousness though it's just come into early access, lots of potential to grow but at the moment extremely basic but well made and thought out really excited for up coming updates."
76561197981122452,Recommended,332310,16149593,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,triad4evr,"It didn't like my desktop but it seemed to like my laptop well enough! I punched skeletons, turned into a caveman, rode a dragon (and a cow!), and built a house on the beach! I am still figuring it out, but its a lot of fun so far!!"
,Recommended,332310,16149719,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Immerse,Is it strange that I find the skeleton's cries of pain slightly disturbing?
76561197987955616,Recommended,332310,16149830,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,jmtstan,"For an early access, this game is fun to play. easy to navigate the menus and build mode. I hope it won't go too much on item dlc. So far I notice some slowdown, but the game run smoothly on my i3 VAIO laptop. Will update my review once I dwelved much more time into."
76561198130084916,Recommended,332310,16150366,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Zimax,Finds a dragon and massacres everyone and everything in sight while little people are running away.11/10 would massacre again.
,Recommended,332310,16150413,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,kwydjbo,found a cow; rode it until i found a dragon and switched mounts.found a raft out in the water. Lego Zodiac's handle lava like a boss.i can't wait to see where this goes.11/10 would hamburger again.
,Recommended,332310,16150552,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,StanleyPain,"Imagine any of the recent Lego video games, then imagine it was solely open world and you just sort of did your own thing.    That's basically Lego World in a nutshell.   You explore, and as you touch certain objects/characters/animals/whatever, you then learn them and can later re-create them out of thin air.  Sort of like creative mode in Minecraft with about a thousand times more ease and speed.A lot of people here are lamenting the lack of multiplayer and saying that this will make or break the game for them, but I have to say...it's is EXTREMELY doubtful there will be any form of multiplayer simply because of the issue of controlling what content kids will see.  Lego shut down Lego Universe because the costs of moderating it were growing beyond control and I seriously doubt they will put their seal on anything they cannot fully control.  All it takes is a few kids' parents getting upset their children saw a giant lego dong in someone's world, and you have a ""controversy"" and PR disaster on your hands.   If I'm wrong, then great...but I suspect there will never be any meaningful multiplayer.That said, as a single player game eve, this is a lot of goofy fun and very much in the spirit of the other Traveller's Tale games out there right now.   This will be great on console."
76561198142007605,Recommended,332310,16122292,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Tahlavos17,very fun. I hope workshop gets added to this for I feel like having steam workshop added support would make this game truly great.  But those aside it is a great game. if you enjoy minecraft you'll enjoy this. I would also like to see from previous lego games characters from those appear in like a special themed dlc or maybe the get added later down the road. I wouldn't mind seeing tons of excellent features added like storing items you collect on your journey across this wonderful open world game. This game is awesome to the max. Pick it up while you can.
76561198007120925,Recommended,332310,16150623,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Dinoabunai,"I was waiting for a game like this. Now you can not only build whatever you whant with LEGO, but also make it live.Now (03 June 2015) there is only basic instrumentary and basic biomes, several models, but the game will be HUGE, with multiplayer and more content. Great game for every LEGO fan for the price of cheap LEGO set."
76561197970305608,Recommended,332310,16152024,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,SithAfrikaan,"Don't call yourself a Lego Lover without owning this game, you will NEVER regret this purchase!I personally never enjoyed Minecraft, and yet here I am in awe of the Lego building freedom this game offers!Fantastic engine, beautiful graphics, fantastic gameplay, and REWARDING gameplay!Get it, and lets see who the real Lego masters are!"
,Recommended,332310,16152292,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,JackMorgan101,I have only played for 2 hours but this game is the greatest LEGO game in history. As soon as I found out about this I instantly bought it... And I am happy I bought it. Still trying to find out how to put sets into the game.
76561198025437945,Recommended,332310,16152617,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Brickman409,"It's like minecraft, but betterI'm a huge fan of Lego (in case you couldn't tell by my avatar) and I'm also a huge fan of minecraft, so when I heard about this game, I got really excited. However, I was skeptical because most minecraft clones tend to suck. But then Steam announced their new refund service, so I figured there would be no risk in trying it out. I'm really glad I gave this game a try, it is really awesome. The engine they have created is simply incredibile! The whole world is made up of millions of lego bricks and it keeps a solid frame rate, which is pretty impressive considering this is early access. There's a few bugs here and there, and the game is unfortunatley lacking multiplayer, but hopefully that will be all fixed by the time it officially releases. Even as it is, I would definetley suggest getting this game. It's alot of fun now and will (hopefully) be even more fun as they update it."
,Recommended,332310,16152708,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Queen Magrethe II,I really love this game and i would totally recommend it especially because of the vehicles.Cons/bugsWhen driving down a hill with  road laying machine it does not put the road down completely only partly.Opening a chest while being a bat (from a morph) will crash your game.But as i said everything else works and everybody should give this game a shot :)
76561198126553077,Recommended,332310,16152736,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,CHEDDER-BOY117,The is a great lego game its a lot like minecraft and disney infinity if i were a judge i would give this game 10/10 buy this game
,Recommended,332310,16127536,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Whiskey Tango,"The game is still in beta so keep that in mind.The graphics are a bit fuzzy but the bright colors kind of help.The game is very fun if you like sandbox building games.  The building/crafting/creating stuff is amazingly robust.My one issue is that the controls are very very frustratingly buggy.  If it was not for the controls and the fuzzy visuals, I would feel the game is ready to go."
76561198048473718,Recommended,332310,16127581,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Liberty0522,"Wow, this is a huge change from the type of game usually released by Traveler's Tales! Everything is Lego, with no pulling back in terms of the decorations or the ability to play in an Lego themed open world; even the clouds are Lego! Now, on to the actual review:Pros:-clean cut blocks, well rendered and very well done artistically-Content, there's lots and lots of content, with more to come!-The Soundtrack fits the moments in-game, relaxing music for walking, and action music for fighting NPC's-Lego fighting mechanics are as silly as ever-Animations are well done, not perfect, but very very well doneCons:-Still needs a lot of optimization, the game lags from time to time, but that's more of a fine tuning element-Tutorial, there needs to be one-NO multiplayer, can you imagine playing this game with your friends? The mayhem that would ensue? As well as the creations that would come forth from it.- There is a bug with exiting the setting menu when in the world choosing screen, right clicking to back out doesn't workOverall, this is a very very good early access game, I highly recommend it to those that enjoy a creatively driven game, that still contains the element of adventure and exploration. A definite challenger to Minecrafts reign of the sandbox genre."
76561198131220953,Recommended,332310,17393961,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,[TSG] Cletus the Medic,I've only played for a couple hours but the game is so much fun and there is so much to explore. if you've been a fan of lego games then you will completely love this one
,Recommended,332310,17398605,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,HelloGuy,"I have the minimum requirements for this game yet it still runs badly, I set the settings as low as possible as well. I can't build anything with it like this. If you have a good pc I recommend it, but if it's like mine, then no."
76561198070334953,Recommended,332310,17402801,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Scrubzilla,Wow.
76561198145270971,Not Recommended,332310,17403862,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Recruity McRecruit Face,keeps saying save file 1 is corrupt and when this appears i have to exit the game and its every time i make a world
76561198144572801,Recommended,332310,16939607,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,FABULOUS,My childhood dream has come true.
76561198198129015,Recommended,332310,16956473,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,DexterTrix,I really love the game. You get to roam around islands and unlock characters and animals and ride them! But... I really hope they make this game playable on mac book air (thats the one I have) because ive been playing it a few times on my mums laptop and its really slow and it doesn't work properly :( So I hope that the developers of this AMAZING lego game can be played on a mac! I cannot wait for more updates :)
,Recommended,332310,16314716,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,queuewho,"Pretty good so far, looking forward to when they add multiplayer though."
76561198161125735,Recommended,332310,16315098,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Shadowkiller344,try to build myselfrealize i failedpurposely mess up my statueooh a helicopterdont care about statue any more11/10 would build another r statue
,Recommended,332310,16315463,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,coldstone101,fun game to playI'll play more later when they add more thing to the game
76561198014054427,Recommended,332310,16316392,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Xbuilder,"I got this game because it was a LEGO game :)It has a good starting base and the lego slapstick type gameplay that we have all come to love. I can see a bright future for this game.I look forward to seeing, not more content, but more game dynamics. Mulitplayer will spice it up a little, but a storyline is what would make it. Mabye introduce servers? Hurm.... that would be a lot like the LEGO Universe MMO that I wish was brought back onine.... Interesting......"
,Recommended,332310,16289904,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Maccathesaint,"For something that is in early access this is pretty amazing.  I found a tractor, decided to build a barn for it and while i was doing this an NPC lady stole the tractor (to be fair, it may have been hers) and drove it into the sea. What's not to love?It's already visually pretty good looking and it's just pure fun.This is not lego minecraft, this is the lego game we should have had years ago and it's well on its way to becoming one of the best sandbox games there is."
76561198102911803,Recommended,332310,16290144,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,RaidFox,"EVERYTHING IS GREAT ITS A AWESOME GAME but the thing is it says wasd to move left click to look right click to puch but my controls are all messed up. it is left to move, wasd does nothing and right to look"
,Recommended,332310,16290183,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,LoveMeツ,This is one of the funniest and cutest games ever! 10/10 IGN
76561198067972264,Recommended,332310,16290629,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,PeacefulPro,"LEGO worlds is a pretty fun game, mostly based on exploring and collecting (There is a lot to find). The building editor is unfortunatly difficult to use. A small dock took me 2-3 hours to build (screenshot on my channel) eventhough I used copy and paste. If you like exploration games this is worth the $15, but if you're a building type, waiting until the developers improve building might be your best option."
76561198130564784,Recommended,332310,16291285,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,ShockLockBarrel,"Awesome game, I feel that it has the potential to be better than Minecraft. The only thing's I wish they would add are more enemies and a map or some sort of teleporting system because I am unable to find my way back to the things I have built."
76561198096113861,Recommended,332310,16291463,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,allofusthompsons,LEGO Worlds is a very good game but when I exit the game and get back on it changes my character and you should add a map of what you have discovered because I get lost all the time.
,Recommended,332310,16291703,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Mr. Pancake,"This was a really fun game to play (I only played like 2-3 hours I left my laptop on) But there were a few bugs in the game that will probably be fixed soon, such as glitchy cars with digging abilities that go downwards. I also wish there was a map of sorts to mark where you built something so right now Im stuck on an island that I dont want to lose. Hope this helps a bit but this game is and is going to be even more AMAZIN"
,Recommended,332310,16292748,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Yosh89 [Ger],"As a child, i played often with Lego.So, years later, it was an easy choise, that i bought the Game ""Lego World"".It makes so much fun to explore, to build and think about some new creation to do.The only thing what i missed: i wana play with others.As a child, i played with 4 or more friends of mine.Maybye this is also possible in this gameFor example 4-6 players (friends on steam) could play together.Then: the fun will be bigger for me and my friends.If you found a gramatik-mistake, i'm sorry, but english is not my motherlanguage^^"
76561198190009622,Recommended,332310,16292782,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Harveywill55,This game is amazing i have seen lego games before but they are not fully lego and this is the first fully lego game i have seen and it is completely worth buying the only problem with it is that sometimes when you place something in the world and leave then come back its gone but im sure that will be fixed in my opinion calling it a great game is a understatement it is defenitly worth the time and effort of updating it 10/10
76561198040488918,Recommended,332310,16292856,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Danky tramper maymays,Controlls are a little difficult. key bindings are strange. controlls make it difficult to build accuratly. Game tuns smooth though and has alot of potential. highly recommend if your a fan of legos.
76561198037556005,Recommended,332310,16294059,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,G. McMahon,"Great game! Would love to see future updates with like lego star wars, batman, hobbit, indiana jones, and other lego games integrated into it. Be pretty cool to have lightsabers and guns too."
76561198167559178,Recommended,332310,16294073,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Polterglitch,"LEGO® WorldsWhat a LEGO game should be like with features fans of the LEGO franchise can enjoy and people who generally likes a game in which they can put their imagination and curiosity at work. Its unfinished and still in development so not fair to make a dislike statement on this game yet.Overall statement ""A fun game in which a LEGO game should of been like in the first place, though it still needs more development."""
,Recommended,332310,16294225,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,PyroFlames,Its a open-world original lego game.Not sure how much more i have to say.Does still some work however thats why its in early access so you should exept some glitching.Overall one of my new favorite games had for like 2-5 days and already have 10+ hours on it.
76561198030965719,Recommended,332310,16294532,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,NerdyVampire,"The game has a whole lot of potential, as would be expected. The creation tool (the most important feature imo) is powerful and gives the player the ability to quite quickly create a whole region. I do however miss some better integrated controls in the PC version. The game seems made for a console, but since the PC offers much greater flexibility, I'd like a more advanced version.The NPC's are plentyful and fun. Most NPC has some feature that makes them unique, like vampires, dragons, wizards and skeletons. What is not unique right now, is their behaviour. It's cool and easy to spawn a castle, but I'd also like my king to act like a king within it, and not do the exact same things as the 4 other NPC's nearby. Also, I'd like the NPC to react to each other and their surroundings. I think LEGO plans to implement a deeper AI, now that the groundwork is done. If done correctly, I'll be making sprawling cities and landscapes, with an evil wizard a terrified population in no time! Also, a dragon!"
,Recommended,332310,16294704,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Amdragplayer,"Very rarely do I recommend a game to a point where I praise it. Even if there are things I want, such as building vehicles, and certain bricks are missing to create even more complex structures, I think this game as the potential to grab Minecraft and throw it out of the ring as King of Sandbox Games.Is it as good as Minecraft as is? No. There are still things I'd say are missing, such as creating your own vechiles, mod support, and literally thousands of blocks are missing for more creativity. It IS EARLY ACCESS, meaning its still being developed.The Price for this game is astounding, and from what I know, it will only go upn as the progress of the game increases. So get this game as soon as you can!"
76561198220425600,Recommended,332310,16295088,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Newtocn36,it was a fun game but now it says i have to install steam again and it wont let me install steam. it was great for the 30 min. it worked. but they should add jet packs and rockets so you can go in space and see star wars worlds. they should also focus on making it work better on slower computers. but again i cant play it anymore so that really stinks.
76561198039001728,Recommended,332310,16559824,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,mabisfab77,its lego done by minecraft lolthis is minecraft in lego fashionwe need the steam workshop please
76561198089786046,Recommended,332310,16559992,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Mr Meeseeks,One Hour Played before i was addicted
,Recommended,332310,16561254,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,★IBUYPOWERMemestar★,10/10 u can handout LEGO ciggaretes to underage LEGO girls
76561198097954651,Recommended,332310,16563669,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Youhadabadday (G.E.W.P.),"This is a really great game! Even though it's in early access, the games features make it seem like a finished product! The game continues to amaze me. I don't even care about the bugs and confusing tools. I give it a 10/10."
,Recommended,332310,16274236,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Cyrus,"The game has a lot of potential, explore and discover in a interesting adventure, the graphics are good but are not optimized yet.I recommend but if you are left handed like me you will have difficulties in this early access."
76561198065726251,Recommended,332310,16274509,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Pontte,"I recommend this game for kids and those who love to create but for me who lieks to explore and do lots of stuff, nope. It's fun for maybe 3-6 hours but after that you realize there is not yet really that much in this game.Needs lots of updates ofc. Game really hast the potential and is pretty cool but not really that much to do.For creators this game is good and worth the pay. I really dont like to create but i rather explore lots like in minecraft.Examples: find a cave explore it! full of beasts and treasures. Here you wont find any caves or enemies underneath the ground. Cant dive in water. Some bugs.Im not bashing the game and i know its still early acces but it needs lots and lots of updates to become something like Minecraft and if it does it will overrun Minecraft at some point maybe. Im gonna delete the game and instal it maybe after some updates. I played the game on my second account so dont mind the time playd.  Hope this helped somewhat and i wrote this without checking corrections and stuff."
76561198185388413,Recommended,332310,16274540,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,zbatura,"Че за фигня,вылитае."
76561197975950613,Recommended,332310,16274629,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,iXplicit,"The game is pretty epic for early stage. Mainly need to explore and find new things, gain some coins, and unlock the things you find to have full access to that item whenever wherever!Honestly the only thing besides lack of content outside of building that i really dislike, is the camera. Its not flexible, it just tends to get annoying. Please make a more flexable camera view. Dont like the style of it especially when flying,"
,Recommended,332310,16275274,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,NovaVortex77,its awsome its not like any orhter lego game its like minecraft but if you evrey wanted to build a lego set in a game this is the game for you its like building sets in a game thats what is all about it can be hard at times but its very fun for 15$ its worth the money
76561198071210623,Recommended,332310,16275498,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Rescue Whale,"ITS SO AWSOME!!!!!!!!!!!!! This is the lego game that all the fans have been waiting for and deserve! No more levels made out of bearly  lego sets, this game is awsome and would highly recomend, however futher optimisation would be great as it can get a bit laggy at times."
,Recommended,332310,16276071,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,iMPULSE | NoobCat,Frame rate drops all of a sudden but overall. It's a pretty decent game. I rate 9.5/10IT'S LEGO!
76561197998802898,Recommended,332310,16276127,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Gidster,This is an EXTREMELY fun game! I had so much fun playing it. There is so much freedom and you don't really have to worry about dying or losing all of your stuff. Crazy things happen. You jump for joy when you find a new item. You can build a kingdom or just go around destroying the world. Just a fanatastic game in general. I highly recommend it!
,Recommended,332310,16276148,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,JohnTheNub,Its awesome for the most part. Now all I want is multiplayer. I also found a glitch where if you are in a boat and driving somewhere if the terrain isn't loaded you can fall through the world? Then it spawn-kills you
,Recommended,332310,16250533,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Rachnera Arachnera,"Played as an Ayylien riding a Dragon whilst firing rockets from my bazooka. I destroyed a candy biome in mere moments. Ayyy lmao, buy it"
,Recommended,332310,16309971,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,GoldHusky,"A beautiful game and definitely as good as people are saying! The open spaces are great to explore and it's amazing discovering new things. Unfortunately, my computer cannot quite manage the game, I have to play with low graphics settings (although it does still work better than some games that I've tried) and the mouse lags ever-so-slightly in gameplay meaning I've yet to try and build stuff. I'm hoping hard that, in time, the game will be be optimised slightly allowing me explore a lot better.The only thing this game needs is a way to placed blocks inside confined places a little better. I'm also eager to see some sort of sandbox mode, the ability to make objects outside worlds and export them in - this would be a pretty nice way to make custom vehicles ."
76561198080942612,Recommended,332310,16310264,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Minky,You should put in dinosours in lego worlds. :D
,Recommended,332310,16367280,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Vyse,The moon is made out of legos11/10
,Recommended,332310,16370547,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,🐵 lukemacaco 🐵,"Tons of fun to have, and it's only in alpha (or beta, i don't know)! If you like lego and building, this is the perfect game for you."
,Recommended,332310,16370680,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,KamehamehAsh,"Great things from this game so far! but definitely needs some tlc. as of right now the game crashes alot, SO MUCH promise though. i like the idea of objectives in the worlds along with a sandbox feature (like the sims or the tycoon games) SO PLEASE CONSIDER ADDING THAT TO THE GAME YOU DEVELOPER GUYS ;)THE GOOD:build anything with legoseasy to learn the controlsopen worldhidden things(needs more!)can ride creatures and vehiclescustomizable charactercan destroy things for your own entertainment and to gain lego coinsFIRE BREATHING DRAGONNNTHE BAD:glitchescamera angle issues make builiding difficultgame crashesno map/compass-type featureno co-op/online multiplayer (yet)"
76561198091370731,Recommended,332310,16371013,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,knhrvs,"LEGO games have been getting unoriginal. I mean the ideas are great, but its always scripted mission, small sandbox area (or relatively small), only characters that have to do with the story (i.e. only Star Wars characters in the Star Wars games), etc. BUT i still picked up this game out of curiosity, as it looked like it could replace the LEGO Universe idea. It not only did achieve more than expected, but it did have a very innovative feel to it.-I skydived down to a nice lego island-spotted a dragon-found out there were other islands-found several nice structures-about every 5 minutes I would giggle or smile followed by ""There are (insert unexpected item) here!""The prospect is brilliant and turning this into a giant LEGO collection would be amazing. By this of course i mean having ""sets"" that have been present in the LEGO-verse (medieval, wild west, old space age, new space age, lego city) and having a way to travel to them-whether that would mean portals or gates. Or, personally, getting a spaceship to travel to themed WORLDS  and exploring them would be incredible. Nonetheless, if the Alpha is relatively content heavy, simple, and fun it is only exciting to see where Lego Worlds is heading and it appears to promise a lot. So far, I love it."
,Recommended,332310,16371273,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Family2403,Greatest LEGO Game ever created.
76561198207923316,Recommended,332310,16371520,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Google Sheets,I would say that this is the best LEGO game EEEEEEVVVVVVVVVEEEEEEEEEE.RRRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198052908058,Recommended,332310,16371654,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Teddjku,"This is the best lego game I have ever played. this is the best SANDBOX game I have ever played as well! Picture Minecraft, except everything is made out of legos instead of blocks, and you can also do about ten times as much stuff. I wish all Early Access games were like this; its still developing, but theres already a LOT of content to keep you busy. Some weird cutscene and vehicle glitches but thats really about it.9.5/10 (get it!)"
,Recommended,332310,16372018,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,FodtimusPrime,really good game but when i try to place a house on a cloud it creates a tower from the ground ruining the whole thing but the game is still amazing none the less
,Recommended,332310,16373223,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Siber51,"If you like building with Lego, you'll love this game.  What fun it is to build *anything* your heart desires and demolish it.2nd childhood, maybe?For an early access game, this one is relatively polished.  The only real problem area of note that I've found is the camera which seems to have a life of its own.This would be a ton of fun as a multiplayer game, that's for certain.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,332310,16374059,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,teknopanda1300,"PLEASE for the love of god fix the camera view when building/modifying terrain. FIRST PERSON so I can actually build! otherwise 5/5. Untill camera is fixed, 0/5 creativly."
76561198067237846,Recommended,332310,16373399,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,What if pigs wore pants?,">find a dragon>fly into candyland>find gingerbread house>'accidentally' blow up gingerbread house>fly off into the sunsetBut honestly, this game is pretty great for being in early access."
,Recommended,332310,16374850,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,THIS ONE WEIRD TRICK,"Still early days and this game needs some fleshing out but there's a solid base there. Creation tools are easy to use and work well. The different elements are good, though hopefully they'll add a greater variety of bricks in the future. Using ranged weapons is fiddly and could do with some tweaking (maybe a targeting system). This game should be amazing once people start making and sharing new creations."
76561198026764038,Recommended,332310,16375315,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,norkee,If you already love lego games its a no brainer. Me and my 5 year old are hooked.
,Recommended,332310,16375470,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Veldactus,"This game would NOT load the terrain or the preview map (before you load it.) I tried everything, and I also messaged the support team. I waited for a long time, and they have not responded. ( The models, props, and chests will load, just to say that)But I do like it alot.7/10"
,Recommended,332310,16393322,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Madpacket,Fun game. Minecraft for people who don't like Minecraft. Great for kids. My 5 year old daughter keeps begging to play.
76561198165987506,Recommended,332310,16393455,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,b2rryc,"This game pays for itself right when you start playing it. I just hope that the controls, camera, and build options become a little bit more intuitive before release. Building can be very daunting and confusing especially for someone without a ton of familiarity with computer games and builders.If the build elements and camera controls get better, this game will be huge."
76561198201115090,Recommended,332310,16394883,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,superman,this game is slowing down a lot i wish it will not happen agin
,Recommended,332310,16197249,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Death Adder,"this. this is the lego game we have all been waiting forill be it a bit lagy for what it is and could use a windowed mode please,  DxWin will have to do for now"
,Recommended,332310,16197307,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Jedihermit,"Everything is awesome..Well not everything. Some of the brick and prop placement is quirky but overall its very fun and with a little patience you can build anything.  My favorite part is the undo button that seems to be missing from other blocky games.  In the first 5 minutes I fought a bear, rode a dragon and built a sweet three story house.  The best part it I don't have to spend all the time and money with real parts."
,Recommended,332310,16197434,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Aero Ghost,This game is great so far but there are some stuff that could be added here is my list below-day/nigth cycle-weather cycles/tornados/rain/hail/tsunamis/snow/earthqakes/tsunamis-Marvel/DC/scooby-doo/spongebob etc...-Multiplayer-you should be able to creat a world and post it and people can rate it-Mods minecraft has mods so lego needs mods-TexturePacks-more sets plus if you buy one in real life you sould get a code that lets you play it in the game-Servers-Maybe some Missons or a story-few more ferniture to make my house unique like a tv/game consoles/bed etc....Thats all the ideas i have for now but please let me know what you guys think should be addedps.please be aware I have poor grammar so please dont hate if my spelling is off
76561198121176706,Recommended,332310,16197606,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,John Wayne?[DG],"i love legos.i love sandbox adventure games.i would love to see this thing go WAAAYYYY more further with itself.when i think of a sandbox game involving legos, i think of creating and building peice by peice a huge star-drestoyer-like minifigure scale space battle cruiser.with multiple weapons bristling the sides, ready to obliterate all who apose me.espeacially in multiplayer. albeit this game doesnt have multiplayer... it should.anyway.  the one thing that miffs me about this game is the fact that it isnt actual sandbox i feel like.in order to dig or do anything you goto go roam around the prettily sculpted terrain, keeping yo hands to yo self around the skelles, just to find yourself a basic digger machine to make holes.all the while you bump into plants that it turns out, you have to buy in order to use or place...same with the afor mentioned vehicles, you have to buy those too.but luckily you can build this all in the games ""creative mode"" and build those neat little things, right?WRONG your just stuck with regular bricks!there are no technic sticks, no prick plate mounts, no technic Anything to speak of, and nothing to build your own cars or vehicles.which i think isnt supported yet. infact, since this game is under development right now, all the above i MIGHT be able to eventually do at some point as this game progresses and their company's funding shows interest still.meanwhile. i made a stack of red bricks. and not a super Flyable 5-mile long in minifig scale battle cruiser.like i always dreamed of doing, but could only pull it off in lego digital designer...i missed my chance at playing lego universe, which for some assinine reason it didnt last as long as WOWC for a multiplayer game.... in fact. im questioning why in hell did they get rid of that game!? oh i digres. im revewing THIS game first.i also missed lego creations that they could mail you the custom lego set you made, but again i digress..god i feel as if im in this abusive relationship with the Lego company.. and have been for litterally years...ehm..the game is fun for the moment, but i stopped playing after about an hour, cus there wasnt much else to do except play botonist discovering new landscape features, when i fully expected to BUILD THEM MYSELF.as a lover of legos, and of sandbox, you guys need to make this game more creative.i want to mine for rare parts or resources to make them and build my battle ship and own everyone in multplayer.thats all i ask really.for now its a delight, but it has much potential that i hope you programmers and company officials are keen enough to see it.for right now, ive done building my garden and wasted 34k in lego studs doing it, so im going to go play some Minecraft."
76561198031517088,Recommended,332310,16197757,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Michael,"I like it. And while I do agree with most that the building mechanics are a bit clunky I have found it kinda relaxing building, It reminds me of being a kid with a big pile of legos in front of me....9.9/10"
76561197999342297,Recommended,332310,16197802,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,collectek,"This game may be starting off still but it has a lot! to do. Hoping for future additions of enemies, digging, and lan multiplayer"
76561198108363672,Recommended,332310,16197998,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,KittyCatGangster,FINALLY something to fill the hole of were lego univerese being taken away from us by legoCURSE YOU LEGO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,332310,16198142,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Sesa Ky Aukaushee,this game is awesome
76561198137752843,Recommended,332310,16198213,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Forsain,"It is a game where you have more freedom to build than mine craft but,it is also harder to build things than minecraft because the angle snapping i really annoying.Overall if you want to spend  ages to build a house and forgot to build a window this is the game for you."
,Recommended,332310,16198310,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Rufinox,Can you guys please add a way to delete worlds? Please. i have a metric crap ton of worlds and i dont want to keep them all. And i dont want to re-install the game just to delete all my worlds otherwise i lose all my progress. Please just add a delete world button.
,Recommended,332310,16198377,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,iRevives,it took 62 games but there is finally a Lego game about Lego 10/10 get it now!!
,Recommended,332310,16198484,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Prince Snoopy,"I've played about an hour of it now, and it is everything I had ever dreamed of. Been waiting for a game like this since I first played Lego Island back in 1997.It's open-world, sandbox, similar to minecraft (sort of). Everything is made from legos, and can be assembled and disassembled as such. If you love building things with Legos, this game is really fun to play!"
,Recommended,332310,16198567,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,B21Munhoz,"In my childhood, LEGO was the toy I was always expecting to win or buy. When my friend told me about this game, my heart smiled and started singing.I wonder if the developers will bring a simulation of LEGO Robotics line... It would be awesome. I would pay for a well developed DLC with robotics and the possibility of programming or building circuits."
,Recommended,332310,16199044,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Futurium,"All I can say is WOW! This game really suprised me! For the last hour or so all i've been doing is exploring, and man i've found a ♥♥♥♥ing dragon, and steamroller, and a rideable ostrich. I haven't even began building stuff yet, which I think has very slick build tools.Though I don't think it will top minecraft, it's one of those games that no matter who trys to top it will always be on top, and i've personally spent over 2,000 hours on the game.My only complaint is the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t camera movement. You have to constantly drag, and at times the drag wont even work, so hopefully there can be a better locked camera.Overall, so far I give the game a nice 9/10!"
76561198130862302,Recommended,332310,16199279,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,jrosenof,"This is game is very fun. They actually did it. They manage to make a lego game that as everything you want. I love this game it reminds me of the lego world in lego star wars. I hope they keep improving the game and soon release the full game.There are a couple things I would like to see . .1. A map of the world you are in. I built a couple things and went to travel but now I cant find what I just built. A map would be helpful to see where you are, what you have discovered and where your items are that you built2. Blue prints to give you ideas of how to built cool things3.  A world that is completely flat kind of like a sandbox mode where you can start from scratch that you built your own terrain and items and use the items you unlock in different world to create a perfect world4. Laslty having objectives to complete would make the game more fun to play. Maybe there could be a whole list of objectives and the player chooses which to complete and get a reward out of itFor people who are considering to buy this game dont worry about what not in the game right now becuase I have a feeling they are going to improve and make this game even better. This game is lots of fun and I insist buying this game now becuase when the full game gets released the price will most certainly go up"
76561198123591316,Recommended,332310,16199540,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,43,"This game is pretty cool.  The exploration is really fun. The animals and vehicles are really cool and fun to ride.  I do have a few problems with it though, which is expected for a game thats barely been out.  The camera wigs out alot and more or less gets in the way of building or exploring inside closed spaces, which will be really bad when they introduce caves.   The third person view makes it really hard to build brick by brick, which is the whole point of Lego. The way the camera moves also makes general movement a little harder.  But the exploration and discovery of new things is really cool and fun to do.  I feel like the only way to fix the camera problems can be fixed with a first-person mode.  It will make the exploration feel way cooler and lets be honest, who doesnt want to ride a dragon in first person.  But eventually you will find everything, and want to settle down and start building. As of right now that part of the game is not polished enough to be enjoyable, so nobody really uses it yet. The multiplayer will be in soon too, which will make exploration more fun, but a better way to move with the addition of more items,vehicles,and animals will really make it shine.  And not to ask for a Minecraft clone, but maybe some sort of survival please? Over all the game as of right now is fun for an hour or so but gets boring because of how hard it is to build, but the game is only $15 right now and will definetly become much more enjoyable in the future, so you might as well buy it now when its cheaper."
76561198068046404,Recommended,332310,16200508,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Yumihara,"Despite being an early access game, it is tons of fun. I have already dumped a few hours into this game, and with a few more updates I won't be able to leave my computer.Like other players, I would love to see:-More sets - the one included is already awesome, I love how there are so many objects to interact with, from the pool, to the grill. It's very fun and entertaining, would love to see more. I hope that one day we can build every set in lego existence within the game, including licensed sets like star wars, hobbit etc.-Creat your own Mounts - this would be amazing, obviously the game is missing some mounts such as dinosaurs, birds, etc. But it'd be amazing to add in a way to create your own mounts. This would include vehicles as well.-I think it'd be useful to label the pieces so when you mouse over them it tells you the peg dimensions, it'd make symetrical building easier in my opinion.-weather options, like a lego tornado, or tsunami, etc. An ability to turn them off as well.-more creative world options, like flat worlds to start with a clean slate.-It'd be really cool if the water had more physics, like waves and such.-Maybe a pet option, being able to tame dogs, cats, dragons. So you don't have to ride them but they could follow you around or something.Being an early access game, I assume a lot of these are going to be included in the final product. But just in case, those are my suggestions.The game is super fun as it is right now. I love being able to play as a vampire, with an icecream cone, riding a husky puppy. The camera is a bit wonky, making building difficult for myself, but I've seen plenty of people easily create buildings without a problem so it's possible. I can't wait to see how this game evolves. Looking forward to more."
76561197970323060,Recommended,332310,16200635,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Gpouliot,"Finally, a worthy competitor for Minecraft.  This game is truly Lego's answer to Minecraft and it's amazing!!  It would highly recommend this game to anyone who likes Minecraft and especially to those who also like the Lego genre of games. This game is the pefect blend of the two."
76561198231913664,Recommended,332310,16200897,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,jonathanurtiz1997,I love the interaction between the animalia and the other minifigs during the game; really makes a fun and unique play setting it aside from comparisons such as minecraft. Wish features in the terrain would represent themselves in a more obvious way with small details such as possibly the lava bubbling? Overall so much fun looking forward to more mi♥♥♥♥♥es/animals/customization.
76561198088186686,Recommended,332310,16201069,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Sch. Not Weez-Deez,"Lets see... My entire world is a one acre big island full of skeltons that climb my castle walls. A pit of lava which I usually fall in when im building a set, 5 animals and a couple farmers that love riding lawn mowers and drowning. A driller that I went crazy with and a couple of huskies that attack the polar bears. Better start paying the (used to be) natives off for destroying their land. All this sounds about right8/10 does need more content"
76561198193165602,Recommended,332310,16234511,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,themonster,cool but add survivel like asap
,Recommended,332310,16234567,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,A.M.,"Lego Worlds is a very fun game, I love all of the things that you can collect, and the exploration. The building though, is a little finicky. In fact, I've froze multiple times and had to Ctrl Alt Del in order to leave the game while trying to create/place my build. Overall, Lego Worlds has great potential, but like it says, It's in early access."
76561198007016056,Recommended,332310,16198581,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,meowsks,"Diary of Sir Reginald FopsworthDay 1Friday, 5th of June, 2015The dive went splendidly. I landed safely on some shrubbery and set about exploring these strange lands as soon as I had found my monocle, which must have come loose in the fall.This new world truly is entrancing. The landscape changes so quickly it is almost dizzying. I spent most of the afternoon admiring the plant life and various natural, colourful formations, collecting plans for my research. I realised early on that I would need some form of transportation to get around given the sheer size of this place, so as soon as I came across a rather amiable horse (I named the sturdy fellow ‘Chestnut’), I hopped on his back and rode off into the sunset towards a lush-looking forest, hoping to continue my exploration in the dark.This, as it turns out, was a grave mistake.As night fell, strange skeletal creatures started to emerge and rove about the forest. In my naivety I approached one, dismounted Chestnut, and tried to strike up a conversation. This bizarre character would have none of it, and instead challenged me to fisticuffs. I refused to engage and tried to talk some sense into it, which seemed to work at first. It eventually lowered its arms, and for a second it seemed to smile -- strangely, sickeningly, disconcertingly.Then, all of a sudden, a number of these creatures ran out from the trees and formed a gang, which then proceeded to chase after poor Chestnut. The brutes pummelled and hit him with their white claws, uttering strange shrieks and screams as they went. I ran after them in horror and made quick work of them – clearly these awful beasts do not deserve any mercy. Sadly, when I looked up from what was left of them, Chestnut was nowhere to be seen.I retreated with a heavy heart to my initial landing spot for the night, where I am writing now in a small brick lodging. I don’t know what became of Chestnut. I have seen some of the horses here miraculously make their way up into the trees, so I can only hope that Chestnut will take refuge in the forest’s canopy until sunrise.These lands may be beautiful, but they are wrought with hidden dangers. The skeletons’ vicious, bloodthirsty cries are still ringing in my ears, and I expect I will have a fitful sleep.My only consolation is that I have learned an important lesson today: Never, ever trust a skeleton."
,Recommended,332310,16235211,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,DiUndeca,"For the first few hours this game blew my mind. Starting by falling from the sky to a haunted forest only to be attacked by skeletons, then adventuring to  volcanoes, flying dragons, seeing candy lands, and a lot of other really cool stuff. The only problem I have with this game is after those first few hours it got boring. I love how you unlock as you explore, but unlocking everything is really easy and doesn't take long to do. The enemies are amazingly easy to destroy, and even if you somehow (by some small miracle) die to the enemies, all you lose is a little coin which is easy to recover. The building can be frustrating and needs work. I do still recommend this game because it is cheap, and it is still early access. This game shows a lot of potential, it could be one of the best games this year, but for that to happen it needs a lot of work."
76561198093234867,Recommended,332310,16211662,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Squarebo,all i ever wanted in a lego game by the way loved lego city undercover on wii U it was aswome
76561198081539295,Recommended,332310,16211826,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,LegendOfLogan,Absolutely incredible
76561198003898716,Recommended,332310,16211840,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,spuddog,"imaginative creative destructive and all out fun for me, i mean my son..."
,Recommended,332310,16212146,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Hime~,"Thanks to Lego Worlds, I've chopped down 75% of the entries on my bucket list:- Ride a Polar Bear through a desert.- Pave a road, on water, with a steam roller.- Be a warlock and level a mountain with fireballs.- Dig through water.- Dig through clouds.- Fight a dragon while riding a cow.- Ride a wolf half my size while in a candyland fighting vampires.- Find a cow in a tree.- Sit and watch as a cave man is jumped by 6 skeletons.- Get jumped by 6 skeletons only to blow them up with a rocket launcher while being a Yeti.- Not to join the bandwagon, but.... RIDE AN EAGLE.- Instantly create impossibly steep mountains by auto-buidling a castle on top of clouds.- BECOME GOD"
,Recommended,332310,16212365,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,[a2m]bombshelboy,"early release reviewThis game directly targets issues I have with procedural sandbox games like this.First, there aren't stacks in your inventory. Once you find something, you pay Lego coins to unlock it and it can be remade indefinitely. This helps with the issue of farming for resources. Every destroyable object drops Lego coins so you never feel like you are hunting for resources.Second, once you find something you pay for it and its yours for the game! If you want to spawn 20 cars on top of each other you totally can. The only limitation to this is that there are a few special items you equip (all in the same menu) and others for customizing (also a separate menu).My final happiness from this game comes from a separate build mode. When you don't have to worry about how close your character is and if you can draw in that box or not, it really makes things better. Instead you get a cursor the shape of the tool and go from there. brick removal is similar, and placing decorations is simple.The only problem I have (besides glitches of course) is that there isn't multiplayer, and that is being worked on currently so I can't even complain!All and all its an extremely well done engine with lots of potential...I can't wait to see the finished product!"
76561198080454346,Recommended,332310,16212502,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,The real Kevin Spacey,Dug a hole in water.10/10 would never play this game again
,Recommended,332310,16212537,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,The Furphinator,"Saw a Husky dog kill a polar bear...10/10Real Review Below!!!!!!!Real ReviewGreat Game with huge potential. Realeased early allowing more community feedback. I am seeing great things with this game in the future. This game reminds me of *sniff* *sniff* sorry, *sniff* LEGO Universe *sobs*Highly Recommended!"
76561198002743880,Recommended,332310,16212556,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Gossamer,"If you are hesitant to buy this game in early access, think of the amount of content Minecraft had in it's beta and compare! Buy it now and enjoy exploring everything before others ruin the experience for you. While the crafting is lacking in this game, it's not really Lego so I'm okay with this. Building on the other hand can definitely use some tweaking. I find myself using both the game pad and mouse/keyboard to be most comfortable. Continuing to build and choose various bricks and colors tends to be finicky. What makes more sense is to unlock more builds and add custom builds. You should already be able to import builds others have made and export your own. I love that everything you encounter is added to your inventory and purchased.  I've been playing for quite a few hours and continue to run into new things and go ""OOoooh"" all over again. I can see the potential in this game and hope they listen to the community.Cons as of right now- Very buggy camera, especially if you plan to dig tunnels or do anything undeground- Wonky controls in vehicles- No map! where did my village go after I explored for hours?- No import/export feature for buildsetsProsIt's Lego sandbox... 'nuff said."
,Recommended,332310,16212614,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,deadman67797,"I have already played 7 hours of this game, but I have much more to do. I already built myself a house in the game, and I'm currently working on a skyscraper that should be worth the build time. It may be slow to build stuff, but it's very rewarding and awesome to see how the design comes out. Exploring is fine, but the world needs some more excitement. That's where the build mode comes in. It may be early access, but LEGO Worlds is already demonstrating much promising developments. Let's see what TT Games brings into the game next. I have a feeling this is going to be something to watch."
,Recommended,332310,16212624,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Butts McBellies,"Could be a great game. Could be a disappointment.1. Let people build and use their own vehicles.2. Game needs caves and underwater content, more dangers.3. If you're releasing a game on Steam EA, at least have some decency to add decent KB+M controls and more in-depth visual tweaking settings. And I hope the person who thought on and off is enough for antialiasing options steps on a LEGO.4. Building mode is a complete chore. You can't make a LEGO game and half♥♥♥♥♥the building aspect of it.5. Vehicle controls need a lot of work, proper physics engine wouldn't hurt too.6. Aiming is horrid, so are camera controls.This game has a lot of potential, I just hope developers and WB realize that too."
,Recommended,332310,16212694,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,rjay11,Good game! great for early acess!! Game needs optimisation badly at the monent!!! COnsindering how young this game is it isnt a Surprise that there are problems. More content is also needed such as a story or some form of survival mode but other than that the game feels very complete
76561198199796493,Recommended,332310,16213291,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,vgalumian,"Amazing new building game, however as it is in early access the graphics have to be reduced down and there are some minor bugs and glitches but overall the game is great and is an amazing paradise if you like exploring, surviving and building"
76561198188509417,Recommended,332310,16213476,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Amnesia,Nice game and cool sandbox modes at the early access. I hope the Multiplayer dont take so long :3
,Recommended,332310,16213759,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Dr. J,"Riding Bears, 'nuff said.Definitally worth picking up if you like LEGO and if you enjoyed Minecraft.Certainly needs some work, but its in early access mode; so there's bound to be more features coming."
,Recommended,332310,16213813,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,ShadowSoul Zero,"This is my first review of a game, I usually never do this but this game deserves it, it's a nice sandbox game similar to minecraft, and the reviews other people have posted are true, this is truly a great game where you can express most of your imagination into with Lego, when I was a kid I always used to play with it and make weird cars, or buildings or anything else really, and now I can virtually do that! but overall this game is amazing, the camera can be a little dodgy however and when it comes to building sometimes too, but they're really the only minor cons in this game, nothing to say ""this game is crap now because of these cons!"" but besides those it's worth buying and trying out yourself if you haven't bought it or played it yet.I do hope as well that the developers will include most of their Lego franchises into the game, such as Star Wars and Jurassic Park, Batman and Marvel, etc., like being able to drive your own X-Wing or Batmobile, even make a Batcave and all sorts, and hopefully later on will be able to build and drive our own vehicles too. Either way I recommend this!Thanks for reading :D"
76561198141726051,Recommended,332310,16213818,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,chillycube12,Can you please add mutiplayer....?
76561198070090098,Recommended,332310,16384380,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,nerdandproud,"brilliant game, wonderful visuals, but i seem to be the only one to have a minor problem of it kicking me out the game with no explanation...... but an epic game"
76561198118140061,Recommended,332310,16388140,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Harry the Butcher,"Game is cool, but after 2 hours playing the game shutdown and shutdown my PC and there is sometimes lags. But it´s super game and I like it."
,Recommended,332310,16388652,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,=OAP= Wigamondo,A very good platform to start from and the proposed additions to lead to full release sound good.
,Recommended,332310,16388995,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Mr. Delta,"I was exploring the vast world when I found a big chest. With great thrill I opened the chest only to find a fish. It wasn't a normal fish though, no. I could throw infinite number of fishes at animals and NPCs. I even killed a dragon by choking it to death with raining fishes!10/10 would choke dragons to death with fishes again!"
76561198200316155,Recommended,332310,16428181,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,jill_weber,Lego Worlds is awesome. But I think there should be more animals and more types of animal. like ice dragon along with fire dragons. or sharks and fish
,Recommended,332310,16428400,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Qwertey,Great Game SO FUN!!!!!
76561198077888526,Recommended,332310,16428764,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Neron,"What would be nice, if i could switch into first person while building. When building you cant really move as freely as i had hoped. but it is really fun and im glad i got it. The exploration is great and building is nice, besides the fact of the little limitation of the camera."
76561198035922646,Recommended,332310,16429499,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Lunch Time,"Scroll back up, hit the green button. you're welcome :)"
76561198020777197,Recommended,332310,16430072,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,shalasax,"Lego Worlds is a fun open-world semi-sandbox game in its current state. I would definitely recommend getting it if you enjoy legos and or minecraft like games. It has a long way to go to become a polished product, its currently lacking things to do, but with time it should be a great game. Also at its current price, it will be quite worthwhile as the cost will increase when the game is fully released."
76561198054488122,Recommended,332310,16431371,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,sam,awesome AND WILL BE A THE BEST GAME EVA WHEN MULTIPLAYER also when you spawn a coles drill while in water it will glitch and send you into the sky
,Recommended,332310,16415375,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,NISSAN SKYLINE RL HYPE,"Finally a LEGO game that IS NOT from a franchise!This game is just wonderful for creativity and i would not say much in the survival part.But it is in early access so hopefully they add a better survival mechanic.Innocent, joyful fun for all ages. Awesome."
,Recommended,332310,16418719,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,hun334,awesome this is what ive been looking for aand i hope you develope it properly :)
,Recommended,332310,16422658,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Dan-8,"This review is for the early access version of the game. Since this is an early release, there are obvious bugs and gameplay issues, as well as missing content. From this early version I can already see that there are MANY opportunites for an absolutely great title. From the start, this game already has many vehicles, characters, animals, and props that you are able to interact and modify. This is what the fans of LEGO have been waiting for: An open world building game."
76561198055915300,Recommended,332310,16356171,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Tigerinde,"Love it, been waiting for something like this for years.Been building with Lego since a child and it never grows old to build and look at my creations and with lego worlds u get everyting and more.Cant wait to see the finished product and alot more building bricks lacks a bit of them but waiting to see what happens untill then i will color items and build mountains and more :D"
76561198232318944,Recommended,332310,16339332,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,MAT,good
76561198066288702,Recommended,332310,16427387,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,XxREDxZON3xX,"Ok so all you minecraft crazed fans out there, this game is gonna be the competitor. This game itself it is still in early access, so the game does have some bugs but not much from what I have noticed. The game did only release on June 1st of 2015, so this game by the time you have read this review has come a long way and still has alot to deal with.Pros:Good GraphicsOpen World Creativity and ExplorationLots of things to doMany surprises to findCons:The game does need right now a really good system to runNot really optimized yetOverall this game is very nice and fun. Both kid friendly and adult friendly!This game is totally worth it over the minecraft price, but then again minecraft has constant updates and had to start somewhere like this game will. But I see so much potential for this game that I hope they make this one of the best lego games out there to date!System Rig and im still only getting 30fps to 41fpsAMD FX-8320 3.5GhzGigabyte GTX 960 G1 series 4GB GDDR5MSi 970A-G47Patriot RAM 16GB 1866MHzOther than that the PSU and Case is irrelavant to the discussion.So its up to you guys if you guys wanna buy this game but you may need a beefy system to run this game!Happy gaming guys and go ahead and check out my youtube channel down below on the link and subscribe and add me for more games and reviews!https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_AfEKsDk8cafqQLsTy248g"
76561198096809763,Recommended,332310,16406157,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Steelhero91,"Even in Alpha, This game is great! looking forward to the final release! and Praying for more vehicles!"
,Recommended,332310,16407338,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,HAPPY HOLIDAYS,1. Find a Dragon2. Find a Bazooka3. Spam F4. Take cool pictures
,Recommended,332310,16409107,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,ruddel,"I, a yeti, was on a cloud fighting 7 skeletons. After defeating said skeletons, i rode a polar bear off the cloud and into a giant volcano.7/11."
76561197973032248,Recommended,332310,16410630,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Ace909,Loving it so far
76561198313709054,Recommended,332310,30427965,Posted: 10 March,all,MR | ROTEM,such a cool and good game for kids i love it and the update made it better!
76561198191122955,Recommended,332310,30428681,Posted: 10 March,all,adam.piper62,"First of all, i suppose i better adress the fact that people are giving the game a downvote becasue they took away the ""creative mode"" if you want to call it that, and i can see why people dont like this so preahpes and update to include this as anouther game mode would be nice.Personaly however i love how the game has taken all of its bulding blocks and made them into a great story to play, whilststill having freedom to do what you like along the way once you have unlocked the item/tool you want to use, ( please note you have to discover THEN unlock an item to be able to use it ) its a fansticly made, great looking game that is well worth grabbing, i fully recomend to all gamers alike.There is endless stuff to do, make, break, discover and find all in a wonderfully crafted set of worlds."
,Recommended,332310,30448051,Posted: 11 March,all,Texotic,Dont let the negative reviews get you down this game is so much better than before. I fully recommend it
,Recommended,332310,30449604,Posted: 11 March,all,EnragedNeedlemouse,"This game came out WAY better than I expected. I picked it up a week or two after it released into Early Access. I wanted to support a LEGO game where you could actually BUILD something. After a few days, I quickly became bored and never touched it again until almost a year later where I could run it on a gaming PC (I had a really bad laptop before). Again, after a few days, I quickly became bored.There was NOTHING to do. No objective. You would generate a world that you could run around and build in and that was pretty much it. EA felt like a digital LEGO sandbox. This feels like an actual GAME.Now when the game begins, you start with a very small world size and unlock more world sizes and gadgets by collecting more and more gold bricks. You acquire these bricks from exploring and doing quests that require you to bend the world to your will using various building tools. It almost reminds me of Starbound (Traveling between worlds, similar music) and Scribblenauts (Using your unique ability to solve an easy quest).I understand why some people are upset, but the reaction has been ridiculous. Yes, there are bugs, but I can only imagine that those will be fixed up over time. This has quickly became one of my favorite LEGO games ever created."
76561198174882254,Recommended,332310,30448384,Posted: 11 March,all,Asgore_D,"Unlike other people, i love to explore and do quest to get some buildings, but you could have put the endeless world in there cuz it is really weird to keep making new worlds. But besides that, i like this new update. Go on like this!"
,Recommended,332310,23121309,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,OneCrazyPerson,Multiplayer and Workshop support would be VERY NICE AND IT WOULD MAKE IT WAY BETTER but still the game looks amazing I recommend you buy it!
76561198256273140,Recommended,332310,22385703,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,pufferfish2074,this is good game
,Recommended,332310,17158137,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,EncryptedXing,It has split screen!
76561198138290695,Not Recommended,332310,17263330,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Retardus,"I reviewed this game about 1 year ago. At the time, I thought the game was okay. Now I disagree. It is a extremely incomplete game riddled with bugs and glitches. Building is very difficult, the camera is infuriating, and the gameplay is boring. A lack of content and a lack of interesting structures make LEGO World's early access a no go. I would wait until the game is finished, hope it has mod support and multiplayer, and then play, because at the moment it is just a waste of time."
76561198084722960,Recommended,332310,23109527,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Get-That-Corn-Out-Of-My-Face!!!,"Lego Worlds is awesome. I would enjoy it a lot more if it had a multiplayer mode, because I generally do not like games that are not multiplayer. Otherwise, it is a very fun game and is definitely worth a try!"
76561197975447127,Recommended,332310,23149930,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Gilligan,"I want to love this game, but it has some major hurdles to overcome.If you dev's truly care and you are reading these reviews, this is what I think you have to do yet:-First and foremost, make the camera and the controls work exactly like minecraft.  I can't play for more than 5 minutes without getting a headache because the camera goes all over the place and the controls don't seem to do want I want them to do.  And the controls sometimes depend on the camera position, and with the camera jumping around, it's just maddening.  And don’t get me started on the vehicle controls, backwards goes forward depending on the camera?-Second, as many reviews have stated, you need a multiplayer aspect badly if this game is going to be successful.-Thirdly, again as others have suggested, I think a first person view would help greatly.At the price $14.99 as of this review, I still recommend this game because there is already a ton of content, and I think it has a lot of potential.  It just depends on what the dev's do I guess."
76561198327988404,Recommended,332310,30785653,Posted: 27 March,all,nicholaskor,Love It. The game is AWESOME. Theres only 1 problem. When your in a world with lava its SUPER lagy.
76561198254250853,Recommended,332310,30785089,Posted: 27 March,all,madmaximus21,Perfecto/Perfect LOVE! It Allthough I Dont Play It Its Awesome
,Recommended,332310,23317962,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Sir Loko skinhub.com,"This game has so much potential to become a really enjoyable game, if only the main attractions were not a pain to use.I will point out a few things and let you decide by yourself if this is worth your cash.First: The camera is horrible, you have to hold the right mouse button to take the cursor out of the screen and make it follow the mouse movement, kinda like a third person game. And the camera movement is kinda bad too. I really wish there was an option to play it in first person.Second: The vehicle and creatures control is also terrible, it depends on what direction the camera is pointing instead of what direction the vehicle is pointing, so if the camera is facing the front of the vehicle and you press W it will reverse. It will also turn as you tirn the camera. There are also many vehicles and creatures, wich is great, and you can ride most animals (even dragons) and all vehicles. There is also a plane, a helicopter, an excavator and a drill.Third: Building things with bricks you unlock is also a pain, the camera movement is so bad it makes placing bricks unnecessarily hard. This should be the highest point and the main attraction of this game, because it has pretty much all the bricks that exist in the base lego sets (excluding technique, Bionicle, Mindstorm and such).Fourth: The game has almost no objective, all you do is run around exploring and collecting things, wich can be pretty fun for a few hours, but after that the game becomes boring since there is nothing elso but trying to use the terible building system to build something. It can become really cool if you get used to it tho.Fifth: Combat is cool, there is a nice variety of weapons and items that you can use, from rifles, swords, shields to dynamite and bananas, wich you can find in some big chests around the map. However, aiming with the ranged weapons is kinda bad, but you can get used to it.Sixth: EVERYTHING is made out of bricks, save a few world objects and you can remove every single one of them, brick by brick. You can even blow up water and leave a hole in it.Seventh: The ambients are really cool and beautiful, also, the world objects mentioned before can be placed after you unlock them, so you can build some really nice stuff.So that is pretty much what i have to say about this game. I think it was worth my money because it was kinda cheap, but I really wish there was a mod or something that turned this into \""LEGO Minecraft\"", that would pretty much take away everything negative about this game in my opinion (not because it would \""be\"" Minecraft, but because it would adress everything I see as negative and make it more playable, give the game something to actually be done instead of just running around exploring and unlocking things and would also make building so much easier)."
76561198006011327,Recommended,332310,23174147,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,NewClarion,"Functional game, hardly any gamebreaking glitches for EA. EA updates are almost quiet though. Not much here yet. I'm looking forward for the updates in full release and maybe it could be something similiar to Blockland or ye olden Roblox, but better. Just a wary speculation."
,Recommended,332310,23226800,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Programing Core,"This game is amazing! The physics, the creatures, the other characters to beat up... I only think it needs multiplayer. I could spend lots of time puilding an empire in this game! I do have one recomendation for anyone getting this game: also download LEGO digital designer from the lego website. This allows you to build greater lego models out of the game, giving some better looking builds to share with friends on... what do people use there days? instagram or something? I don't know anymore.9/10Quit reading  reviews. Go play the flipping game already. I can tell you, it's worth the cash."
,Recommended,332310,23265985,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Moshinghook,VERY FUN
,Recommended,332310,23452361,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Vanilla_Vortex,lego worlds is a great game the getting used to the size of legos is a bit confusing at first for building but once you get used to it the exploration and building is really fun
76561198062725038,Recommended,332310,16120191,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,a meme amongst men,Found a man stranded in the middle of the woods naked and afraid. Tried making friends with him. Ended up having to beat him to death with a wooden club because he didnt like me.
,Recommended,332310,22336360,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Redderz,My parents said if you have nothing nice to say... Don't say anything at all... EDIT: I didn't reccomend this game at first but now I changed my choice of words considering they added mulitplayer.
76561198263056411,Recommended,332310,20900746,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,bonustea71,very fun one of the best lego games in the world i play it 247 all day
,Recommended,332310,20884334,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,W0LF,make more stuff it will be better but good
,Recommended,332310,23792463,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,The Silver Sniper,"I really enjoythe graphics, the customization, and of course building. I'd like to know howto operate mulplayer. The vehicles are limitless, as well as the charecters."
,Not Recommended,332310,22403994,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,MR.Cornholio,"lag alot, wnat a refund"
76561198200125835,Recommended,332310,30782027,Posted: 27 March,all,xXPowerUp34Xx,"it's gr8, m8. i r8 8/8"
76561198327827662,Recommended,332310,25556356,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,timestops1,"This is a really good game that is definatly worth the money, I got it in early access and watched it grow.The only things I don't like about it is you now have to unlock the bricks by capturing trouble makers, all this is annoying.Although I have some dislikes I love the game but have some ideas for change, like bosses guarding the end of dungeons and dlc packs containing characters from other lego series."
,Recommended,332310,16127785,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,LoTus,"The only free roam Lego game out there plus vehicles,characters, and etc. to choose from. This game will be wildly crazy when the official games released. 8.6665/10 -GNI, Would fall through map agian."
,Recommended,332310,20123820,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,MudkipHero,"Amazing game but you should be able to edit controls but other than that it is a amazing game 8/10EDIT: That was 7 months ago, it is a good game for creativity but for giving people FREE copys for not supporting but the EARLY SUPPORTERS Nothing <EXEPT THE GAME>  But the real question is.......... WHY are you giving out FREE copys is it to mess with early supporters or is it to gain more fans.....Anyway i recommend it for newcommers it is a good game but i dont like that they are giving away free copys to Non-supportersLets talk in the discussion here:http://steamcommunity.com/app/332310/discussions/0/351659704040457080/"
,Recommended,332310,16609156,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Jarinex,"Super entertaining LEGO building game. Might want to wait just a little bit until more content, but well worth it even so. I look foward to see what these guys make!"
76561198308515235,Recommended,332310,23754685,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,williewill8221,"The game needs a lot of work still, but at the same time has a LOT of potential. I had to make some minor adjustments to the graphic/video settings but after doing so the game play was smooth with no issues. For anyone leaving negative feedback regarding lagging or glitches, I suggest you first make sure that the computer you have can properly run the software. They also give you a strong notice of it being a BETA version which may have bugs, glitches or lags, so leaving negative feedback in regards to this is a little unfair.With that being said....< Controls >I really don't care to much for the controls. It was a little weird at first, but I adapted. I will be using my XBox controller rather than the mouse and keyboard.< Camera Movement >I don't like how the camera moves once the character starts motion. If I rotate the camera to a fixed position it should stay in that position until I move it.< Quests & Achievements >I like how you must interact with other characters and objects to unlock them. I'm sure Tt and Lego will develop achievements and quests along the way. I also agree with other users that more random events should happen.< Blocks & Building >Building isn't bad, but could be a lot better. Lego should really unlock this games full potential by providing every block Lego has (or the option to purchase additional Lego block sets as DLCs). I would also like to see Lego add Sets. The Lego Sets you can purchase in the store, should be able to purchase for the game - imagine having the ability to purchase or have every Lego set they made? = Epic!!! Lego City, Lego Pirates, Etc......I agree with other users that mention a builder. Lego should really incorporate a builder which would allow users to easily build their designs and import them into the game. Not having the ability to make custom cars and/or transport vehicles is a little silly - this is Lego isn't it?Once the item is unlocked and purchased using ""Lego studs"" it's always available to you. I believe this should change. By making users purchase each item, each time, would give it more of a challenge. Market? An online Marketplace for users to trade, buy or sell their bricks and/or creations is also an excellent ideas.< Overview >I'm sure we can all suggest a million and one ideas when it comes to this game. I like it. I think they have a good thing going and can't wait to see the game as it continues to develop. If Lego can get this game on the right track, then Minecraft really will have a battle on their hands because after all, nobody can touch Lego when it comes to building blocks = nobody!*NOTICE TO Tt and LEGOGREAT JOB!!! I love the game and keep up the good work. I will continue to leave feedback and suggestions in the forums. Please remember to check YouTube for any Money Glitches or modifications which would make game play unfair. Patches should be made to let users know that any Glitches or Modifications to the game (even during BETA) will not be tolerated. Play fair people!"
76561198006744132,Recommended,332310,30802965,Posted: 28 March,all,FarmerJock,mmmmm.has potential. Free moving camera s&^% me to tears. but eh ok i guese as a open world gameand i havent explored much with it. As i said the control of the camera bugs me to tears. But if lego is your thing Do it! youll have some fun.
,Not Recommended,332310,18419875,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,ghatroth,"Nope. This game turned from a really fun, exploration, buildy game that I liked, into what it is now, aweful, the ui is impossible to navigate on controller and you now have to click on everything with a tool to discover it?! Why!? The devs thoroughly ruined this game to an incoherent, bad experience not even worth picking up on sale."
,Recommended,332310,22364781,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Ember1654,"Its like every parents dream! Not to buy lego anymore and just get the game. Except it still being a bit buggy and sometimes annoying in building things .I would still go buy lego for the hands on expereince, but i'll see how this game goes through out its life7/10"
,Recommended,332310,16230112,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,nixx0r,"Found a bazooka, blew up my house.10/10 would bazooka my house again.Devs: the camera is glitchy and moves around on me. Stop making it move on me. Stop making me right click to move the camera. Just make it turn wherever I move my mouse like EVERY OTHER GAME IN THE WORLD. Also, importantly: PLEASE ADD FIRST PERSON VIEW. This will immediately resolve glitchy camera."
,Recommended,332310,16230467,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,LimpArms McGee,"This is EXACTLY the perfect video game that you never knew you wanted when you were 8 years old. It's interactive, hilarious, and surprisingly groundbreaking, even in this early stage of development. The graphics are great, the biomes are really interesting and random, and the gameplay is smooth and accessible. When more options to customize your minifigure are released, and ways to construct all different kinds of vehicles come out, this game will be one of the greatest things LEGO has ever done. Another pro is the fact that you can't step on this game and get your foot all jacked up.10/10 - will most likely be 11/10 when game is out of early access.For those who care, here is my first experience:Randomly generated a world, and BAM! I fell out of the sky - and as anyone could've guessed, I landed on a cloud which just happened to be home to a Warlock. I took the Warlock's life with my bare hands, and I claimed his likeness for my own. I jumped off of the cloud, fell for a good 4 solid seconds, and hit the ground - hard. I lived, but only because I am a plastic Warlock. I went into the terrain building features, and made a really tall, curly, and twisty green mountain-type thing that looked like any landscape out of a Dr. Seuss book or Tim Burton film. I appropriately named it Mount Seuss and proceeded to climb it. I reached the top in a few seconds, and took my first view at the LEGO World around me. I saw an expansive desert region in front of me, a volcanic/mountainous region to my left, water to my right, and a standard forest biome behind and below me. At this point I knew that this game was going to slowly consume my life. I ran over to the volcanoes, where I met a large red dragon. I wasn't afraid, and I tamed it. I hopped on board and flew the dragon out over the water to the right, and before I knew it, I was hovering above an island with an entirely new biome which contained the likes of which I have never seen before - there were giant hamburgers protruding from the ground like hills. The ground was made almost entirely of pink and white icing. The trees were popsicles and candy canes. There were mountains made of pudding and jello. I had discovered a candy/food biome. This is LEGO World, my friends. Possibly the most fun I've had in a video game - ever. And I've spend my whole life so far playing thousands of video games. I highly, HIGHLY recommend this game. It's absolutely fantastic. And I've only played shortly more than an hour. THAT is how much fun you get in just one hour of this immense game. Pick it up, you're doing yourself a favor, and supporting some great developers."
76561198066427428,Recommended,332310,16230873,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Designer Fetus,"I'm a Yeti, soaring on the wings of an eagle over a majestic land made of candy... I love this"
76561198050152221,Recommended,332310,16230898,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Alaniz,Great game
,Recommended,332310,16230971,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Engine Nine,"If you are into exploration and discovery, even at this initial launch LEGO Worlds is pretty awesome for the first few hours.  There's a great sense of discovery with something new just around the corner every few minutes.  I had a great big smile just plastered on my face for the first few hours.  I had gotten my money's worth of joy in no time at all.  :DThere are lots of different biomes with varying visuals to find and explore, and those biomes are filled with lots of characters, animals, vehicles, weapons and props to discover.  All of the animals have their own silly animations, and some of the vehicles and weapons allow you to destroy brick terrain or objects.  There's a great amount of child-like joy in riding a bear, then finding a cow, then a bazooka, then a plane all within a few minutes.Having said that, unless you're really interested in building you will hit a point where you've kind of discovered everything and there's not a whole lot else to do.  There is no mining, resources, quests, progression, or anything like that.  It's pretty much pure exploration of the land surface.  They're supposed to be adding underground caverns and swimming under water and things, but at launch it's a not super deep.The building seems pretty decent, and allows everything from broader terrain sculpting tools, dropping premade sets and props, to building your own things brick-by-brick.  It's mostly pretty easy, but it can be fidly when trying to do brick building.  Also searching through the inventory for the exact bring you want for any build can take a bit.There are also some general quirks with the camera (it's not great), and some bugs with the terrain and graphics, but nothing terrible or too impactful.  Many of the vehicles also have serious issues actually driving on this voxel brick terrain, and I think they need to seriously rework those.In the end, if you're at all interested in this, I say jump in for the $15 and have some fun!"
,Recommended,332310,16230988,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,The Plague Doctor,it is a verry good game if you want to build things or explore. you can realy lose the ime in it and it is already verry fun even tho its not yet a full game.
,Recommended,332310,16231095,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,ｔｈｉｎｋｉｎｇ,Can ride ddragons :)
76561198190069125,Recommended,332310,16231107,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,maxcharchar,this is an amazing game but does anyone else have a rendering issue?
76561197978500225,Recommended,332310,16231172,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,moneydollars,hello every one after 2 days of playing the game its really epic and sit back and read:epic part of the game: this game is filled with many epic things to do items to get wizards ro slay and biuldings to be made i love this game i would recommend it : bad part of the game : the frist time you will open it open you will prob get a black screen DONT WORRY what i did is uninstalled it then installed it then quit steam shut my pc off and turn my pc back on went on steam and i played lego world easy
76561198095974443,Recommended,332310,16231185,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,TitanRogue,wowthis game is so funny and i fell like an 8-year old child againi hope there will come a multiplayer that would be absolutely awesome
,Recommended,332310,16231280,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Meeww,"I think the game is alright. It has a few cool things, but it runs out quickly for me. Such as how almost all of the flying vehicles fly the same. The controls for pc are very tedious. It is annoying to have to hold down the right mouse button so that the camera follows your character. The game also runs quite slowly for me. I have an amazing pc: (nvidia gtx 980, i7 4930k, 32gb ram) With those specs compared to the recomended specs, I should be able to play the game on its highest settings, but I get an unconstant 50 fps on medium! It ran a bit better when I ran it on direct 9 instead of direct 11, but the game glitched more. There would be spots where the blocks would be invisible. I was a bit disappointed in what the water looked like. i was hoping it would look like the water in the lego movie, but it turns out its just flat with borders around it. Overall the game is alright. It has a lot of potential, but it is still so buggy. I will recommend this game, just because it is still in early access, so hopefully the bugs will be fixed."
,Recommended,332310,16231797,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,George Washington,well people are saying its better than minecraft but i dont think so but it comes at a close second
,Recommended,332310,16233249,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,I'm Gonna Put it In a Bioreactor,find digger. ride it and buy it.find random eagle. RIDE ITmurica.find Warlock. explode it with dynamiteI love this dayI got a pistol and a rifleTeam Fortress 2 x LEGO Worlds
,Recommended,332310,16233294,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Dobingi,"Great concept, gameplay has a lot of potential. Looking foreward to playing after the full launch."
,Recommended,332310,16233451,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Respawn,"Bought this for my little cousin cause he loves Legos, watched him play for 10 mins, grabbed him out of PC. 10/10"
,Recommended,332310,16233675,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,ちいりゅう [切⎛⎞腹],"Utterly fantastic concept.Yes, concept. That's the problem. The game looks unbelievable, and its possibilities are near-endless, but was it correct for the developers to release this in early access so early? Maybe.The game honestly runs pretty terrible after playing for a while, but this will clearly grow better as development continues. The amount of content is typical of a just-released early access game. It's far from stunning, but has potential.Your best bet is likely to wait for a few more updates before purchasing, but once more things are added to this game, it is sure to be successful."
76561198059717660,Recommended,332310,16233811,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,MaggotsHero,"For 15 dollars you don't get a whole lot in features right now, as its in VERY early access, as in, fresh off the assembly line early access. However, in the small time I have played this game, I have seen the MASSIVE amount of potential this game has. I'll keep it short, for now, you basically can contour the landscape to your liking, ride some animals,vehicles, and kill things, about it, but the potential I see is definitely worth the 15 bucks."
76561198040135536,Recommended,332310,16234096,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,calebsfullreturn,"i wanted somthing new and cheap so i got this, no regrets yet, it is ea but not void of life, graphics r ok but not the best they can be, controls r funny but anyone can get used to it so no big deal, only way to get to the bottom of the water is to dig, u can swim just not down. its more of an adventure/ find everything game then a building game at this point. i can see it will get old fast, awell at least it can only get better from here, right? ill keep playing untill then, and then wait, go ea(early access)..!"
76561198040054744,Recommended,332310,16234328,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Jax,"So purchased and installed...I just spent an hour doing nothing but explorring.... AND I LOVED EVERY SECOND OF IT!!!Horses, and Planes, and Yeti's, Oh MY!While its early days and not clear if this will have the complexity of Minecraft, it is definitely going to steal some of their audience. for the low low price, this is a must for any minecraft/lego fan"
76561198066589819,Recommended,332310,16233847,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,xbox7203,I love playing this game  And i got a good tipe for you Just keep hitting the big chest and you keep getting money.
,Recommended,332310,16250701,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,SizeableCargo7,first lego game where the things are made of lego. It has everything but these things*ocean animals*customizable vechicles*multiplayer*more animals and vechiclesIf it had these things I would play this and only this.10/10
,Recommended,332310,16250888,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Bee's VitalMoose,Its  LEGO  10/10
76561198125402169,Recommended,332310,16250921,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,T-412,I do recommend this game to people who really like legos but it is a bit laggy but will probaly get better in the near future
76561198130780305,Recommended,332310,16250964,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Mr. House,"I enter the world, found a dragon, and rode it to victory."
76561198200386014,Recommended,332310,16250973,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,krewella,This has a potential to be a brilliant game. At the moment it is essentially a building game which beats others hands down but after a few hours of play I couldn't find new things to collect so it left me feeling what now ? I know it is still in development and hopefully as it unfolds we will be able to explore caves and under the water and find new things to collect. I hope it will eventually let others join your world and I am really looking forward to how the game evolves.
,Recommended,332310,16251434,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,T-Waldo,I got to be a cave man riding an eagle through a haunted forest 11/10
,Recommended,332310,16251940,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,noahk05,Super Ultra And Legandary I Love this game Hard to belive this is in early access
,Recommended,332310,16251999,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Bulletbob345,"Please note that you actually need a PC that is better than the minimal requirment. Playing with minimal settings with minimal requirment is a pain, still. Also, since this game is in early access, there isn't a lot to do. That is, unless you want to build a lego palace - brick by brick, selecting it from the menu every time you want a different type. After you've done you're exploring and unlocked a bunch of props and characters comes the age old question... and now what? Build some preseted contructions? Ok. This will occupy you for 5 minutes. After that... what? Might as well wait for an update.Despite all this I do recommend the game to people with a lot of time on their hands and a beastly computer. If you're like me on the other hand, who doesn't have a $2000 dollar PC, don't buy the game. At least not yet."
,Recommended,332310,20657880,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,bia_thehangedman,"Highly recommend this game for both new and old Tt Games players of the Lego Franchise, I've already spent well over a hour just exploring, haven't even started building and already having a rippa of a time! do buy!!"
76561198197167950,Recommended,332310,20690842,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,MOON,I really like lego games and all this needs is multiplayer and ot would probably the best lego game ever then
,Recommended,332310,20731193,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,SolidRaven,"This game is everything every other LEGO game should be. Although the controls are a bit difficult and I recommend you play with a controller. If you ignore all the little bits this game needs to fix, it's a wonderful game that even a 2010 HP Pavilion can run on decent settings."
76561198179105807,Recommended,332310,20734587,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Rowlf,its a very good game however sometimes i find it is quite difficult to deal with the camera panning around so much and then no clipping into the ground apart from that it was a very unique well rounded game with much to explore and much more to come hopefully and i would recommend to any lego games fan
76561198104511937,Recommended,332310,20515034,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,SpawnCoopOmega,"I definately reccomend this game for kids who love LEGO brand, and to others who love to build. BUT.. I'm giving a complaint or, in other words, a bug that needs to be fixed.I've been playing earlier today, January 13th 2016, and I was interuppted by a random pause after I started a save game, and my character stopped, and I couldn't move.  I only got out of it by pressing the 'pause' in the settings, and then if I want to keep playing, I have to press the 'un-pause' button, and then it works for a few seconds, and then it repeats this process.. Please fix it!"
,Recommended,332310,20666330,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,SquileX | Hellcase.com,I think this is one of the best LEGO games.I was playing with lego as a child and now they made that new amazing game.But it is a bit buggy so i not recommend to buy it for older PCs.But it is still a great game with great idea so:*****
,Recommended,332310,20636481,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Zin,Got chased by a polar bear while riding a shark in the middle of the desert. 10/10
76561198043454268,Recommended,332310,21436493,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,cdbass6,Its fun i been playing for about a year and i love creative/sandbox games
76561198241995544,Recommended,332310,21507338,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,gamelord5563,Good with good PC
76561198151550862,Recommended,332310,21649566,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,プリーストル,Minecraft But Better I Try To Put More Time Into It 10/10 Would Die For This Game
76561198040914034,Recommended,332310,21658885,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,mizzie_pop,"LEGO Worlds is a game where your imagination literally comes alive. You have a world that you can do whatever your heart desires with it. If you want to blow things up with a bazooka,  you can. If you want to perhaps murder innocent LEGO minifigures you can! Or if you want to play it simple and build on the land that you already have, you can.In general, it is a great game that all ages would and will enjoy and I certainly recommend it.Although, developers. Please at some stage at the end of early access, could you make it avaliable on Mac?"
,Recommended,332310,21694797,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,mAttchewey,It's a good game. Great for building and exploring. Not Lego Universe quality here but a good game. If the game had quicker updates that would be nice.8/10!
,Recommended,332310,21634290,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Mak#SAVAGE💪💪,It's a good game of you like searching and finding new items roaming around building then it's a very good game recommended game for children
,Recommended,332310,21680962,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Afksforjays,"If you love legos and Minecraft, your time has come.This game really is the best and worst of both games. The mind numbing brick by brick building possiblities with ever smaller bricks!THe new attempt to incorperate a mission system is a nice change but pointless and half hearted.The game is amazingly beautiful and detailed as long as you have the processing power to see it.It will get better."
76561198042948897,Recommended,332310,20438709,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,olimar01,"Neutral Review: It's fun, but there is not much to do. Wait for the multiplayer, and then buy it."
76561198150388851,Recommended,332310,20458799,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Orpheus,A very fun game but has some trouble loading the ocean when you swim on top of the water but definatly a good game.
,Recommended,332310,20325320,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Creature114,"Lego Worlds is 1 of 3 differing types of lego game available on Steam now. There are the standard action and puzzle-solving Lego games made by TT, the MMO with Diablo elements Lego Minifigures made by a different developer and finally Lego Worlds is also made by TT.This is a somewhat departure from the Lego games made by TT, the gameplay itself is replicated with TT's expertise of handling digital Lego here but the game itself is more about exploration and free-roam than action and linear.There are no tutorials, just a little menu screen in the bottom right giving a brief overview of the controls, and the only real objective is collecting various minifigures/animals/vehicles which roam around each predetermined world along with big chests that can reward either models or items including weapons that can be used by yourself or given to a certain NPC character to unlock them to play with and bits of pieces of scenery (for lack of a better term) that are collected by running close to the smaller models within the game.The game isn't too much like Minecraft, there's custom building and mobs to defeat but how you go about enjoying the game is pretty much the same. The currency from TT's previous efforts return here, in the form of studs which are used to purchase the various collectables after unlocking them, with the exception of the more substantial models from big chests.The screen used to create the worlds to run around in could use a clearer worklift I think, navigating through the various settings don't feel very ""inviting"" but more importantly I hope there is something implemented to tell the sub-theme biomes (Jungle, forest etc) apart from the main biome themes (grassland, snow, desert etc) from there instead of not knowing until entering the world to discover for yourself.From what I've played (just from exploring, not actually using the building tools) I'm enjoying the game so far, it needs improvements in areas for sure (no online multiplayer!) but does lend itself well to being both a game and a tool of sorts to compliment Lego building in the real world.(Do be sure to read other reviews posted here and elsewhere though, check a few gameplay videos if you're still unsure, this is a view pulled from my general consensus and not a list of pros or cons, for instance.)Within 5 minutes, I unlocked a power drill and a minotaur, within 5 hours I unlocked a yeti and a BAZOOKA!"
76561198210457869,Recommended,332310,20404522,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,grifonefamily,awesomawesomeawesome probably the best game i have ever played and it has almost everything
76561198162665723,Recommended,332310,20309791,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,owenkj,this game is a must have for fans of exploration games it has stunning graphics almost infinitly large game world and great gameplay 10/10
76561198107222535,Recommended,332310,20338255,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Playatoma,its not like a game thats AMAZING but its still very fun as a time waster
76561198130563615,Recommended,332310,16251760,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,a username,1.Find an eagle.2.Ride the eagle.3.Throw bananas at a polar bear while riding the eagle.4.Fly away into the sunset5.*Eagle screech*6.'Merica
76561198121605918,Recommended,332310,20478013,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,timato,"Really good game. Super fun. Would like to be able to place enemies, and command them somehow. I want to fight and have quests or something.CORRECTIONI figured out how to place characters. I do want more character interaction, so it has kind of an rpg element too. Maybe you could have the skeletonsbe more aggresive and have them attack people. Also villages and stores. And crafting. I love the jumping, big towns would work well with that. Also, tunnels are impossible."
76561198095901329,Recommended,332310,18230272,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,MURP,ABSOLUTELY NO POINT TO THIS THING! whats not to love about it? It holds your attention for awhile but dont spend an hour on it by any means.
,Recommended,332310,17064174,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,☨☭✞ NIKITA ✞☭☨,good game but this game need multiplayer and more content
,Recommended,332310,20363140,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Avester9368,🔴FIX THE CAMERA!!!🔴Also add MORE VARITY OF BRICKS TO BUILD WITH!!!
,Recommended,332310,24449631,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Ayy LmaoZ,"Since the new update, this is my only source of fun."
,Recommended,332310,16252353,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Villainous,"Being me that just started playing, I can higly say I recommend this game to ANYONE who enjoys playing open world sandboxes whether it be Minecraft, Terraria, or anything simialar. If you're like me and you enjoy sandbox games and whose childhood was all about Legos, play it."
,Recommended,332310,16252704,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,DevinHal,"Considering this game is still in the pre-release stage, I won't criticize it -too- badly, however I am having some trouble following it. This game is by far going to get somewhere, seeing as it's made by a reputable company. I would say even so far as coming in right behind the other famous game known for blocks, mining, and pixelated textures. The block building system seems to be a little confusing to grasp at first, however after getting a hang of it the creation of blocks becomes easier. I will also have to say menus can be confusing to navigate, but other than that this is a very good game considering it's still prerelease. It might not be 100% perfect now but I will say this game has potential to become great and gain a large fanbase.Pros--Very fun and creative-Lots of customization options-Made by a reputable company-You can ride not only vehicles and horses, but bears too!Cons--Menus can be a little confusing-Block building seems confusing as well-Full game hasn't been released yet :P"
76561198199848982,Recommended,332310,16252730,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,antoncraft,lego worlds is a great game but some times it may get sluggish but really with a good screen it will be perfect so i think you should buy LEGO Worlds and play it -reccomended  (:(:(:
76561198097056042,Recommended,332310,16252932,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Rex,"I know this is in ealy access mode but the least im askingis for you the makers to add a DLC that unlocks everything in the game thats all i ask for to be in this gamelist of good things about the game1, you can edit the worlds2, you can spawn cars that you destroy unlike other gamesthats the only things that i love and i like about the gameit could use a big update but its still awesome"
,Recommended,332310,16253357,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Drackus,"I like the game so far, and yet also hate it. The concept is amazing,t hough still too buggy to be able to stay on for very long. My biggest complaint is the controls, this game is set up for a control, and I am a keyboard and mouse kinda guy. PLEASE implement a more keyboard/mouse friendly movement. I shouldn't have to hold the right click to change camera angles. I should be able to play from a first person point of view. My reason for getting this game is its Minecraft on steroids, love it, but it needs a lot of polishing! I am looking forward to the final product, is I see some of the changes I need for this game I will become an avid tester."
76561197965028549,Recommended,332310,16253517,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Barenor,"Camera controls and angels kinda suck. Fireball from dragon and missile from bazooka dont seem to harm hostile enemies... why not?it has great potential, im really curious to see how this further develops, like will be be able to build our own vehicles? i'm enjoying this is a time waster so far.i'm also curious if they play to implement any kind of multiplayer aspect to it."
,Recommended,332310,16253631,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,SackJarrow,Amazing. Threw dynamite at people and houses. 10/10 would do this again.
,Recommended,332310,16253651,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Grenaderjoe,"A fun game for Lego adddicts like me. There is a lot of content to this game, minifigures can range from the Lego minifigures packs to custom characters from Lego Creator or other sets like cities. This game is a good Combo of Mincraft and its element of freedom and exploration while keeping a lego vibe and having the ability to do whatever you want out of lego."
76561197980483616,Recommended,332310,16253703,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Krondor,"when ever i start the game it will have the steam loading screen, but it will barely move so i have to exit off and get back on . not big but please fix it/ also the game randomly minimizes. but even wih these it is a great game!!!"
,Recommended,332310,16254039,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Talismandan,"This game has so much potential. I haven't played much and debated spending the money on an early access game and this one is worth it 100% Get it, try it, you will love it!! Im running the game on a 28"" UHD monitor at 3840x2160 reolution and it looks stunning to say the least!"
76561198064180875,Recommended,332310,16255406,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,BirdBoy,Absolutely wonderful game and I think it would be completely well... complete if multiplayer was added. Just puting that out there. ;)
,Recommended,332310,16255446,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Wowmow1,there is a bit of a lag but besides that the game is very great and will get better and better after some updates
,Recommended,332310,16255592,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Knight Fall,I built a virtual lego lego legolas 10/10
76561198044792446,Recommended,332310,16255626,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Sir Loin Steak of Beef,>Kill Skeleton>Become Skeleton>Kill more SkeletonsSkeleton War Simulator 2015
,Recommended,332310,16256235,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,[Ember.CELICA],"In 5 minutes, I managed to:-Unlock 2 planes.-Unlock a polar bear mount.-Unlock a huskie mount.-Unlock generators.-Unlock a bow.-Unlock a Yeti character skin.10/10 ice areas are cool."
,Recommended,332310,16256261,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,WobbleMaker,"Highly Recommended if you loved playing with legos as a kid. I sure did, I had a massive box full. This game lets me be a kid again with all the legos I could ever want. I really like how you can build block by block, box select and save your designs, place them anywhere all within the game world. You can random generate and modify the entire world, create your own biomes. This game simply kicks butt. I just hope to see more lego pieces before its out of alpha. its just the basics as of now."
,Recommended,332310,16256946,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,The Swooce Master,"Such a wonderful game! This game captures the nostalgic essence of classic LEGO and combines the elements of Minecraft. Although in Worlds' defense, it will soon outclass Minecraft. Whereas in Minecraft, to edit entire worlds, you would need a serverside tool, where in Worlds, it is clientside and much more efficient.Another thing to note is that this game would truly shine if it is made into an MMO like the former legend LEGO Universe. All I can say is that LEGO and Traveller's Tales venture into the sandbox/building genre is definitely a great endeavour to say the least.Also, the spooker factor on those Mr. Skeltals is spooktacular.Doot/10"
,Recommended,332310,16258405,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Kikiu,i punched a cow
,Recommended,332310,16441306,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,[D-D] Shenanigans!!,So much possibility for an early access game. Looking forward to the many releases to come.
76561198164511043,Recommended,332310,16362902,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,scvff,"I love this game! Even though I found a glitch where I went somewhere else not far at all, and the most recent thing I build dissapered! Also I went on the same world and it wouldn't let me move my camrea. I look forward to future updates to this game."
,Recommended,332310,16185161,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,ngawurae,"how can i buy this , sold my ST AWP corticera and bought thisso far so good+riding a goat and jumping through a cliffdrill until the end of the world and diedkill a dragon with a dragonbuild a modern house with a car and everything-need more stuffhate the freaking 3rd person and the camera(cant build much coz of this )cant build ur own car"
76561198174115395,Recommended,332310,16185228,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,"In my opinion, this game is better than Mnecraft in almost every way! I found it alot more enjoyable and it includes a lot m ore possibilities. Extremely recommended but a question came onto my mind: How do I unlock more sets to build? It is still an amazing game and I highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,332310,16185561,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Patrick,Top Game but please!! add TNT!! ;]
76561198070345970,Recommended,332310,16185716,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,I'm Mr Meeseeks,"Ths is the lego game i've been waiting FOREVER!!!!!!It features lot of exploration and many tools to be creative like real world legos. Reminds me a little of cubeworld.Though camera controls are a little strange, and the game isn't quite sure what to do with lego-water, i still recommend this game. It is brilliant!!!!I can't really wait for updates!"
76561198008406356,Recommended,332310,16185753,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Vale,"If you like Minecraft, especially for the creative aspect, this trumps it. And it is still the very beginning of Early Acess. A very polished look so far, the animations are fun and entertaining. Very very solid foundation for the future of the game, which $15 is worth every cent.Only con is the camera angles can get wonky when inside buildings or underground, otherwise the game has met or exceeded all of my expectations of an Early Access game."
76561198120559042,Recommended,332310,16185767,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Bookbeans,"Lego Worlds has been the best LEGO game I played sience LEGO universe. This game has a great building tool to help you build faster. This game also has a ton of places to explore and unlock new characters, props, mounts,  and weapons. This game also has amazing graphics, but there are some cons. Like for example you sometimes get stuck into walls and floors but you can just go to options and click skydive, Also there are skeletons and I gotta say they are pretty annoying. I give this game a 8.5 out of 10."
76561198027154531,Recommended,332310,16185791,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Tim,"Do you like Legos?  Of course you do - everyone loves Legos.  Want to be a Warlock that can shoot fireballs?  A pirate with a bazooka?  Who doesn't!?  This is great for being early access!  You can build, explore the world (sadly nothing gets generated underground) and beat up anything you find.  Oh, and you can ride a dragon... and shoot fireballs.  Just buy the game already!"
76561198061131724,Recommended,332310,16157709,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Night Fury [CZ],"its really good game with good potential but i have some improvments normal controls like in 80% games :D for example W forward A-left D- right S-brake and free camera rotationg withnout pushing RMB next good think will be more cameras and zoom options (if u in plane you see only plane :D) and third thing would bee cool you can build your own vehicle car, train, etc. maybe export form lego digital designer will be good too :D"
,Recommended,332310,16187043,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,One5hot76,"There are still some glitches, but that is expected on early release. I highly doubt that Lego will drop the ball on this (like the risk you have with new game developers). I'd pay twice as much as they are offering to see my kids as happy as they were last night. :D Plus I'm getting a kick out of playing it by myself. The first thing to remember is that its more of an open world version of their current Lego engine. There are new dynamics, but you don't have to mine blocks all day to build a castle. In fact there is no crafting system and you still have to explore to get stuff to create with. If you (or your kids) have played any of the other Lego brand games on the market, then you already have an idea of what its like in the world. Except, the world is randomly generated and fun to explore. Oh and you can fly a dragon, plane, or helicopter to do the exploring. :D"
76561198016512142,Recommended,332310,16187345,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,root,"give me a lego technics upgrade so i can build my own digging crane and car etc, and I might never play anyhting elseearly access be warned, game still feels a bit empty for now."
76561198170456681,Recommended,332310,16187486,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,GamingAssassin,It is so good it's all that i wanted and to ride a dragon that fires flaming balls and you can buy them again once you ride any animal
76561198126965147,Recommended,332310,16187535,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Jaffa,"As an early access game, it really pleases me. The worlds are beautifully created with lots of different biomes. It already has enough content for screwing around a bit. An important thing I miss though are missions and side quests. It would be fun to have some kind of missions where you can earn building templates to make stuff and vehicles, instead of finding them under a tree or something. Another thing I would like to see would be biomes that are linked to a certain lego theme. Say, a random generated city or a lego lord of the rings landscape. It would really help to make feel the world more alive.In the future, oculus rift support would be totally awesome."
76561197988832603,Recommended,332310,16187658,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,CVP0,"Minecraft with the Lego brand finesse we've all come to love in their games? Yes please.My childhood has just come back to me.11/10, would ride a dragon and punch skeletons again.In all seriousness though, this game has infinite potential to be amazing. It's in its rough stages right now but I have faith they will make it cool. Definitely worth the money even if you're just randomly running around and breaking things. It's satisfying."
,Recommended,332310,16187991,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Dan-Dry,This game is really good but it is also really laggy
,Recommended,332310,16234869,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,SwirlyKalen,"To Devs and players:In Minecraft you can choose between survival mode or creative mode, with Lego Worlds it seems like you just go straight into a world and do both which I think is cool. There is an earning system, everytime you find or kill something, it gets added to your list where you can purchase it with gold and silver you find from exploring. Once you purchase something, you're allowed to spawn it over and over again. Building could be better, I thought it was weird that you couldn't use a button on the controller to switch colors of blocks before placing them, instead you must go through extra steps through the mini menu to do so. The block set-up is wierd too, you can click through all the blocks and it seems pointless and long in order to find something specific, although you can just pick a general block and go through its sizes, it seems so pointless to have the other way where you just go though endless blocks and sizes altogther. The charater combination is pretty cool, but I did find it strange that I couldn't combine certain things together like the game did, for example I unlocked this evil wizard and he had a beard, wizard hat and other gear; when I tried to make the same character I couldn't combine the beard and wizard hat as a custom build like he was set-up the first time.Then the cut-scenes are strange, you find new stuff and the game lets you know with epic music and a camera pan. This is wonky sometimes, especially with chests in places like igloos. But not only is it wonky, sometimes it just pans in on something that isn't anything and your left wondering what you saw. Animals are really cool and interesting, but I know some of them should be enemies for example polar bears, or dragons. It seems like the only thing that tries to kill you, is skeletons and maybe zombies, but I have yet to run into one. I find it interesting that you can walk on clouds, I think this is a great touch.I do wish the umbrella could be instant, when I jump off something I want to be able to glide to something else for example moutain to mountain or tree to tree. There is a delay in the umbrella and it serves no real purpose since you can't die from free falling. So i would really like to see it be faster and more useful. Aiming is horrible in this game and you can't run while doing it, I want to see a better control set-up for aiming, where you hold LT to aim and use right analog stick for shooting. I also don't like how you can aim at something and it highlights it for an auto-kill, its weird and not natural.I'll add more later, gotta play more to find more."
76561198006361974,Recommended,332310,16235542,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,paul.42,"yes. Simply yes.during early access, if you've enjoyed the exploration portion of minecraft, you should pick this up. the general adventure feel is fantastic, a bit of a relaxing saunter through various biomes.The block controls and building process shows real promise, having an almost cad-like precision for a controller (I'm looking at you, snap to floor, snap to ceiling) I'll admit it needs polish, but for early access? Fan.tas.tic.I would highly recommend this to anyone who thinks they would enjoy an open-world game in the lego universe.That being said, the real thing that interests me is how they'll implement multiplayer, my wife and I eagerly await your progress!Suggestions to the devs(does anyone know an appropriate forum for dev suggestions? ):--allow ability to suspend day/night cycle for building--Allow zoom capability/fine grain camera control during building--Make climbing an off by default, but require players to hold down a button to climb, otherwise when we're exploring our new build, we're scaling walls like mad.--Change the 'exit from build mode' to something away from B, it's far to easy to accidentally exit from build mode ?I don't know how high on the list controller support is, but I think controller feel would greatly benefit from the system assassin's creed uses, hold left trigger for certain context, right trigger for certain context - I.E. it'd be nice to have a way to zoom in/out without having to perform too many actions, and hitting back to get to the menu constantly isn't as streamlined as I'd like.If I could wave a magical dev-wand, I'd do something like:Build Mode:LT = hold down for fine grain block position context--Lshoulder:one width up--Rshoulder:one width down--enables d-pad use for movement of block in one direction, but releasing LT is coarse-grained block positioning context, etc. with Shoulders being snap to floor/ceiling, and the d-pad returns to the default rotate/switch blockthe problem is I love the controller, but you have so many awesome features and we are limited in our buttons!in the end, get this, it's fantastic. if you liked any of the previous lego builders, this is the evolution of it. this is fantastic and shows such a staggering amount of promise. I'm VERY Excited for the direction of this, and early access is an obvious yes choice.unreasonable suggestion area:-any chance of a 'studio' type where I can make individual builds without having to load a full world, and I can make a build and then import into a world for use there? would be nice near the tail end of the road map.to the devs: Bravo."
76561198067182014,Recommended,332310,16235702,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Fivesyounger,"Suprisingly good.It get's repetitive. It's more of a play with friends game. Once multiplayer comes out and more content is added it will be certainly a good game.Oh, and it has rifles.3/5 -For the current version."
,Recommended,332310,16235986,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Cheeseburger Eddie,"A Busy mans MineCraft. select from default buildings or build your own, punch NPC's for their outfits, Ride dragons or Camels, or even a dune buggy! Hopefully if they add multiplayer, and allow mods this game will give minecraft a big run for its money. i suggest playing with a controller."
76561198172085606,Recommended,332310,16236200,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,mackeraljack,this game is really cool but the controlz (thug Lyf) are a little sensitive
76561198042324120,Recommended,332310,16236213,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,"Guy Gibson, Waterbender","found a dragon 10/10.I seriously hope they will continue to add stuff from more franchises and other goodies, including hopefully multiplayer.It's only uphill from here!"
76561198042116719,Recommended,332310,16125968,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Clownbaby,its like Skyrim with legos.
76561198116754362,Recommended,332310,16125995,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,JediXander,"One of the best Lego games made in quite a while. Great for building structures, wandering, and some good fun."
,Recommended,332310,16126007,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Gustavostopher,It's amazing how intuitive making a set of boobs was.
76561198085743284,Recommended,332310,16126028,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Sinred,"This is a great and fun game!! if you are a Lego fan you gonna enjoy customizing your world the way you want, and this game has infinite possibilities, i hope to see in the future a lot of DLCs with another lego game like Star Wars, Batman, Marvel, all messed up in a chaotic Lego World, and Please multiplayer as soon as possible!!"
76561198042399490,Recommended,332310,16126037,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Mister Bread,"I've had a blast in the few hours I've played the game. Exploring each island for the first time is incredibly entertaining and collecting each character/animal/vehicle/piece is rewarding.However, the game is in early access for a reason. It's poorly optimized, even on lower settings. I'm running an i7 3770k at 4.2 ghz and a 780 ti, and after exploring several islands my rig struggles to keep up. I had to lower the settings to the lowest possible to enjoy a steady framerate. I'm sure this'll be worked out in the future, but it's a very big burden even on decent rigs as of now.Also, there's not much content beyond collecting everything I stated above. There is a building mode that's somewhat difficult to get used to and the pieces have zero function beyond aesthetics, but it has the potential to be a robust building game.It's worth its price of admission at $15 and it's very fun and vibrant. For a few hours of fun in its current state, I highly recommend it."
76561197992126875,Recommended,332310,16126042,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Kallihoot,"This is a fun sandbox game.The tools for creating are intuitive and easy to use.One can create structures in a matter of minutes if you don't want to spend countless hoursusing the brick by brick approach, which it does offer for those who have time on their hand.The world is filled with fun creature that react to players when they are approached and are verywhimsical in nature. Though it is still in develpment with early access. I can see already how thiscan become addictive. Lego worlds is very appealing the graphics are top notch.I'm looking forward for the months ahead when they will add more features to the gamethat will make the game even more fun."
,Recommended,332310,16126220,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Bionic Potato,8/10 as is10/10 when multiplayer is added
76561198119785908,Recommended,332310,16126242,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Madscientist95,"This was an impulse buy and I'm glad that I picked it up.  It's crazy and fun, and I've only been exploring.  My only complaint is that the camera angles shift around alot which takes away from the gameplay.  Given that this is early release, I'm sure this will be addressed in an update."
,Recommended,332310,16126290,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,SweetDee,"Bought the game trying to see if it will be better than Minecraft.30 seconds in I was in love.Fell into the created world, destroyed a ton of♥♥♥♥♥♥ got a lot of coins, and discovered the items in the process to use for later on in my own creations.Found a horse, rode it into a pack of skeletons. Didn't know I could just punch them like everything else so I freaked till I got them stuck in a mountain then I bolted for this random awesome vehicle that was spawned in the area. Drove that till I got to a Warlock who upon discovering, I could now transform into him.Started blowing up♥♥♥♥♥♥with the fireballs the Warlock can throw.Still blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up and discovering the game as I write this review.Def 10/10 and would rec!! LEGO ftw!!"
,Recommended,332310,16126315,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Spookars,"It's June 1st and this game just hit the Steam Store with a BANG!I had been waiting ever since the Lego Skateboarding games on PS1 for a Lego game with no theme, no story, just an open world to discover and create things in (kinda like minecraft).  This game does just that, which makes it amazing.  With minecraft-esc randomly generated worlds and over 4 different biomes this game is a real treat.  Now lets get down to pros and consPros:-Randomly generated worlds-Tons of vehicles to drive around and explore with-Tons of outfits to collect and customize-AI that reacts differently to the outfits you wear (ex. Skeletons wont attack you when wearing a skeleton head)-Tons of handheld weapons and tools to collect-And you can freaking ride dragons!Cons:-Buggy early access game (microstuttering, texture popping, navmesh errors, etc)-No workshop support-No multiplayerSince there's only 3 cons those 3 should be fairly easy to fix and I bet in about a years time this game will be as polished as ever."
,Recommended,332310,16126318,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,CkeKnight,"Played for an hour & 1/2. So far I have done the following.Fly a DragonFly an EagleRide a Polar BearFight vampires, skeletons, zombies, and wizards.Unlock many characters.and...found a banana!I think next time I'll try to build something.In fact, I may download some instructions from LEGO & try to recreate them in the game.Controls are a little off especially with vehicle controls, but that may just be an issue in Early Access."
,Recommended,332310,16126322,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,JUICY,"got off my horse to open a treasure chest8 skeletons surrounded horse, screaming and yelling as they beat it up.then i was skelleton and scream10/10"
,Recommended,332310,16126338,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,TheargoDarkness,"A truly impressive early-access title that is worth your hard-earned dollar. The developers are already active with the community, and statements have been made about possibly implementing steam-workshop for game modification in the future. If you want to feel like a kid again, buy this game. You won't regret it."
76561198026288846,Recommended,332310,16126429,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Fauxtemps,"My initial impression of LEGO Worlds is that yes, this is definitely an early Alpha game. At the same time, I bought into Minecraft when it had a similar feature set and to-do list, so I don't necessarily see it as a bad thing!The camera system needs work. A lot of work. Based on Traveler's Tales past history of LEGO titles, I'm not sure if this will be corrected, but I have high hopes.Right now, the game is very basic. You can explore to find new objects for building, destroy items to earn studs (used to spawn creatures, vehicles, and so on), use some digging vehicles to destroy lots of terrain very quickly, and do some limited building. All in all, the best part of this particular Early Access build is just roaming the world, getting new minifigures to play as, and unlocking new items.I see a lot of potential in this game, and I'm looking forward to see what comes of it! If you're looking for an extensive game with lots of features RIGHT NOW, it would be wise to pass this over in favor of Minecraft. If you're looking for a fun investment that promises all the joy that LEGO has to offer, grab this while it's in early access, participate in the community, and help shape the future of a cool game with the potential to really explode!"
76561197977063099,Recommended,332310,16248638,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,X3R0 D3D,"Awesome game so far !!  Can't wait for updates and fixes!The skeletons are terrifying in large numbers and confined spaces!These are my thoughts after a few plays, and a few things i would like to see changed/added:Camera controls while the character is underground are finicky when using terrain tools, and often results in the camera being inside the ground with your vision impeded by the blocks that you are in. I think this could be fixed by not letting the camera zoom out beyond the bricks that compose the walls inside caves, buildings etc.A gravity system for blocks which have nothing connecting them to the ground.- ie when you shoot a tree with a bazooka and blow away the trunk, the blocks that make up the upper leaves and branches should fall straight down (y axis) until they touch something.- this could be made fun by having falling objects do double melee weapon damage to any character they ""happen"" to fall on.Either i haven't found a way or there isn't one, but i would love to be able to 'paint' terrain with water, lava (and have their effects, like lava killing on contact and water being able to swim/boat in).The same thing goes for being able to place characters that you have unlocked ( i want a horde of thousands of skeletons...), again either its not there or i haven't found it.WINDOW PIECES!One last thing, and this may seem ambitious but perhaps the framework is already there, but..It would be great to see a separate mode for building working vehicles of 3 types. terestrial, water and air. make it so all you need to do is put a prebuilt motor model onto whatever structure youve made, give it a  set of tires, wings, or a smooth bottom, and have it work in regards to its size.There's a ton of expansion that could be done with this concept!Just my 2 cents!Love the game, worth the $$!"
,Recommended,332310,16248786,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,PenderTheTyrant,"I built a tower that reached the sky and what i found? Cavemen walking on clouds. I was crying.Btw seriously this game has more to offer than that boring garbage called Minecraft, and it's just the beginning."
76561198142321790,Recommended,332310,16250584,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Galatic Nova,"Very fun. Intresting, always something around the corner"
76561198215495028,Recommended,332310,16295126,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Adrenalcloud32,"hi i think you can maybe lower the price and rarity of dragons and cars,get some more you tubers to do videos for free can you do that"
,Recommended,332310,17098702,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,EpicSmileyGaming,I've played this game for a while now and it's just an awesome game and with the price of $14.99 is great!
76561198070583818,Recommended,332310,17098727,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,agmgets,its a good game for being a early access game however it lacks a lot of stuff the control settings and video cut offs are really not quite there and the only way to get fp view is a headache alone but other than that its a fun game
76561198081880512,Recommended,332310,17056349,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Brotherhood of Steel knight,"A breath of fresh air from lego game developer TT games. Pros its inexpensive, customiseable characters, way too cool mounts and vehicles and it is a fresh awesome open lego world. cons it is repedative, lego construction interfaces and controls suck also the game gets kinda boring. first 2.5 hour play review 7/10 if this game gets updated because of early access 6/10 if the game dosent make major changes.Overview as of 5 hours +Positives-exploration-vehicles and ridable animals-customization of characters-areas-items and unlockables-a world made of Lego which can be tampered with like lego with tools like flatten or lower terrian as well as adding props and bulidings around.Negatives-no map-no new game or reset characters unlocks, only new worlds with unlocks you already have-the construction tools are hard and time consuming to use. (but it is very detailed and alot of different bricks to use)-skeletons and minotaurs keep attacking every 5 minutes and in caves there can be hordes of them which can be annoying.-game gets boring after the first 7 hours once you have done everthing and only leaves the creation tools leftif this game can add more characters, tools, quests, missions and a purpose of studs this is likely to be one of the best lego games ever made."
,Recommended,332310,17046427,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,430,i like minecraft.......and this game is similar with minecraft.BUT you need to put something like:-Torch: because its more interesting when the night come-Boat: because i didnt spawn at full land but i spawned at an islands-can you please make a town or village or something-please fix the cameras because it doesnt feel comfortable for me-and the buggy is too fast-fix the house set because i keep stuck in the house and i keep stuck in the swimming poolDear developer you need to fix so many things to make this game better
76561198101580470,Recommended,332310,17081861,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,DefinitelyAmish,"Great game. I enjoy the exploration and discovery, both feel ver rewarding. Also, I love that this isn't another ""Lego"" video game. Everything is made out of lego, there are no backdrops. Just. Lego Bricks. I cannot wait for the multiplayer release as this will definitely become an all time favorite when I am able to play other lego enthusiasts.I said what's good, but do keep in mind it's early access, so there are some bugs, but nothing that ruins the experience. The one thing I would really like to see in the future (once multiplayer's released) are boss battles scattered around the biomes. Once you defeat the boss, you get to use it as a mount or vehicle."
76561198082133339,Recommended,332310,17083542,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Blackstar,"This is, in my opinion, the best Lego game available. Because it is still in early access, it could benefit from more content, but lots of things have been planned for release, and I can't wait tosee what it will be once it is finished. It curently does not have multiplayer, but this is planned to be released later. 8/10"
76561198120341950,Recommended,332310,17085262,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,theAmazingBananaBoi,.........
76561198008432597,Recommended,332310,17085447,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,[T/B/]SovietCommando,"Gosh I'm 19 but I have been playing with legos since I was 5 years old!!! I know, that may seem weird but its just my hobby. Anyways, this game was an answer to my prayers! Despite it being early access, im having the thrill of it by riding my lego siberian husky through the artic world! If you love building without being worried about it being destroyed, then this is the game for you. Rate 11/10  would defineitly ride my Siberian husky through the lego wasteland.P.S. Although I hope that devlopers will make this game into massive multiplayer setting with safe/non destructible buildings and more adult servers where the modders can set the rules. Maybe make this game turn out more like Blockland or Minecraft."
76561197972958596,Recommended,332310,17262486,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,IMPACT,"things i did in lego worlds today.Built a house. (who has a new zombie visitor)road a badass dragon as a badass king.became skeleton cop.claimed a pyrimad, embeding my name into the side and giving it a crown.dug straight through a volcano with a drill.punched a caveman in the facecreated a giant cupcake to distract a rouge dragondecided that this game is the best game in all of the universe.10/10 early acces review."
76561198099968415,Recommended,332310,17265037,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,MiiKay,"The game is very nice, yet once you have explored all the items and animals you will want to built something on your own. The problem is that there are still not many cool parts included (for example bricks only used in certain sets).I hope that the developers will add more bricks so you can maybe built something you have in real life. I heard that they want to add the system to insert your building manuals and mak the sets or something like that. It would be amazing.Pros:-Vast worlds-Lots of animals and people who walk around-many biomes with their own items-many bricks to built your own stuff-already included stone buildings like houses and objectsCons:-You have no goal in the game but exploring(-building somthing yourself is difficult if you are not experienced in the possibilites (not really a con, more something you have to think about when playing)I hope they add achievements and real survival aspects. I don't really know if it was supposed to be survival, or just tha lego like: ""you can't die"" mechanics. I mwan stuff like crafting and food would be nice when added, if this was the developers intention."
76561198211489804,Recommended,332310,17266352,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Starman,"A game to explore, build, create, and destroy. (I think that it is sorta like a sandbox game like MINECRAFT) It has many biomes, items, large chests, vechicles, and much more. The game has many characters sorta fimiliar to what other games have. And so I recomend you to have this game and I hope you enjoy playing it!"
76561198170428177,Recommended,332310,17268894,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,RealRedHood,"Very fun with a lot of things to do, very detailed and lets your use every brick to create your own creations exactly how you want them. and for £11:99 this game is worth every penny."
,Recommended,332310,17269487,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,FoetusBoy,Buy it.
76561198208923401,Recommended,332310,17273948,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,joshuaroman4088,Im Having Trouble with running it it runs very slow If Anyone Knows Why Plz Tell Me
,Recommended,332310,16162077,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,CrazyDryver,"Runs very well. I'm excited to see more features added like more things to do when not building and looking for more props and minifigs you don't own. but that's just a prefrence. But, as mentioned by a number of other users, a vehicle creator/editor would be nice and also the addition of some other lego pieces, such as the pieces with holes in the sides or with studs to build off of the sides. One last thing would be the ability to edit or change the props that you find in the environment. such as taking off pieces you dont want or being able to add more onto them. This would give more use to them than just objects sitting around waiting for you to destroy them for studs. Can't wait to see this game explode into the game that will finaly replace my real world lego collection. You've got my support!!"
,Recommended,332310,16162264,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Ninjassassin911,Definitely recommend this game! It is very fun and great as an early access game. Lego is one of my greatest childhood memories. I can't wait for more features and multiplayer!
,Recommended,332310,16162276,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,cvaska,"Pros: Super fun, Brings back good memories, and you don't need to buy several sets to mess around with legosCons: No good way to remove individual blocks, vehicles are a little wierd to drive because of the camera, and there is no maps,in conclusion, you should get the game, but remember it is early access"
,Recommended,332310,16146393,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Mr.Robot,"This game is awesome...I had fun with it, even though I have little play time.There is soooooo many things you can do!If your not much of'a builder you can spawn structures, or explore a ton!You can ride anything into the sunset!A pig, a cow, a a a a aa a a a aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa....,.,.,.,.Buy the game now...or els i will slit your toy barbies fookin throut ."
,Recommended,332310,16162316,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Kommaardoor64,You can mow sand.10/10 would wait for this game for over 15 years again.
,Recommended,332310,16162463,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Merciz,first 10 minutes of the game.... WHAT THE HELL DO I DO!!!!!the rest... Ahhhhhhhh so that's how it works!the future: build the deathstar!!!!!!!as long as one can play with friends in the near future then i am all set with this game! and judging by the list of things to come.... this is a good purchase! and less then 10 bucks too..you will have fun exploring and getting the stuff you need to do more in the game. then you build your own world just the way you want it!
,Recommended,332310,16162504,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Ostadam,Get this game it is the best lego game ever.
,Recommended,332310,16162684,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Rezon8r,"So imagine your childhood (coming from a 90s kid myself) mixing with something kind of like Minecraft, but better.Yeah, that's this game.As it's an Early Access game, there are a few glitches here and there and optimization issues, but besides that, it's totally worth it. Seriously, why haven't you bought this game already? It's only going to get better"
,Recommended,332310,16163029,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,cherty,"Bought it on day one. A few days in and I've spent hours on the game. Gameplay is panning out to be invincible, thought it is already amazing, since what happens in game is basically what happens wheen you lay down on the floor and play with legos. My only problems so far are that (since it's day 3 of early access) there is a ton of glitches, my PC is crap and (even with a gaming-grade graphics card) 2 Gigs RAM isn't enough to run it with anything but the lowest graphic settings, and playing it once with gamepad screws everything over so that when you're typing, wasd is used for menu navigatin no matter how many times you restart the game. All this game seems to need is RAM optimization and bug fixes. And workshop."
,Recommended,332310,16163263,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Kirisute Gomen,Flew a dragon to the sky and fireballed a Caveman off a cloud within the first ten minutesBarely stopped playing since
76561198069920193,Recommended,332310,16163397,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,bigroosterman12,"At the moment the game is very nice but there are several issues that need to be fixed. Things like the camera and control feedback. The ability to craft actual lego models would be a really neat feature to add. Like include the instruction manuals for models into the game. When it comes to the actual world, there are clipping issues where biomes dont mix correctly. Other than those, the game is absolutely amazing.10/10 would step on again"
,Recommended,332310,16163847,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Lilboppaloola,"I thought this game was pretty incredible... Then I found the dragon and everything became even more amazing.- It's an underpriced game, in my opinion, at £12 on Early Access.- The character creation is potentially my favourite thing with how much variety there is.- Perfect for the creative, and your imagination can truly run free in this beautifully-designed open world style game.- Some might say, and I'd definitely agree, that this is the game all LEGO® fans have been awaiting.Although it is quite similar to Minecraft in ways such as the survival element, the developers have really showed us what they're made of with this extraordinary game - Many, many bricks of LEGO®. A 100% recommendation on my part."
76561198049175553,Recommended,332310,16163927,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,MrT,"Intel Core 2 Quad CPUQ9400 @ 2.66GHz3.00GB of RAMNVIDIA GeForce GTX 460 V2Game plays for approximatly 1 minute and then freezes for 3-4 seconds, 5-10 seconds after that the game crashes.It does this each and every time so pretty much makes the game unplayable, and help with this would be much appreciated as it looks like it would be a great game.Thank you"
76561198106948696,Recommended,332310,16163932,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,KingKai,fun game the building is kinda weird hopefully it will get fixed
76561198132963766,Recommended,332310,16164667,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,jordandundas,"Good game!you can bulid, create and do whatever pleases you:)!!!can be a a bit lacky and slow sometimes but thats ok since it will be getting fixed,i cant wait for when the actuall game is finished, and also looking foward to online:D9/10"
,Recommended,332310,16164865,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,"AJ, Lord of Chaos","So normally I'm not an early access customer but telltale is a big name in gaming and you may know the dozens of Lego games they spawned. Unlike the countless minecraft clones on steam this has a good chance to be finished and good and there's already more to this game than other titles will ever have.In this technical demo you can destroy bricks like in lego games, you unlock characters, animals and assets by meeting or finding them or in case of enemies destroying them. There's no limited lives or survival mode at the moment though and I don't know if they add it.Anyway once you unlocked the assets you can unlock them again with lego coins from the bricks you destroyed to get an unlimited supply to build with.In the time I played I saw 6-8 biomes got a sword and bow, used a tunnel drill vehicle and a flying dragon with fireballs that destroy the landscape, way to grief players later I guess.There are already a lot of building options, you can shape the terrain at your will, paint it, place bricks even mid-air or place finished assets like a saloon or plants for you creative players.Two more things to watch out - would like to see steam workshop integration, that'll be the blast and even in medium quality on an i7 the performance isn't great, that should be addressed.No it's not the new minecraft or a minecraft killer except if all the great mod creators would come over and build lego now but it looks really promising anyway and it's not really expensive either."
76561198048906304,Recommended,332310,16165253,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Apachewolf,"This game has been a lot of funa and I have played it almost non-stop for the past few days, however I have noticed a few issues. The first is that there really isnt a menu screen at the start of the game and there seems to be no way to actually quit to windows without pulling up the task manager. Second there needs to be a gender option in the character customization. It seems to default to a guys voice regardless of whether or not female parts the character is male or female. Other than those two issues I really love this game and would recommend it to everyone. 9/10"
,Recommended,332310,16165255,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Otto,"This people, is one of the funnest and funniest games in my library. And I have over 45 games. How long have I been waiting for this? 6 years. And what did they make? My dream come true and better. I assure all of you that if you buy this very game, it will blow your mind. And it's only early access! They are adding way more to it. Good updates. Worried about single-player? They're adding multiplayer. Biomes? Plenty and counting. This is anyone's category of gaming. I know you will enjoy this work of art."
,Recommended,332310,16165353,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Brockpoltergeist,"When i first loaded the world it sent me sky diving to the water i later found bears, giant mushrooms/trees, and a kingthis is by far one of the best lego games since the first lego city game10/10 would recomend"
,Recommended,332310,18674236,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,The Best Nerd,"As of right now, this game allows you to build, explore, and beat the living (insert emphasizing word here) out of anything.  You can build static structures (be warned: explosions will damage them), build your character, do some other LEGO stuff like beating ostriches to death, and just mess around.One of the best Lego games in past years.R.I.P. Lego Universe."
,Recommended,332310,30578544,Posted: 17 March,all,Chapel,"Ok this game didnt come one on the 7th of march, but its fun to play and just relax, maybe talk to your friends to. You dont do much, but its certainly not boring."
,Recommended,332310,30578031,Posted: 17 March,all,KennyS CSGOGEM.com,1) Build2)Quest3)Destroy4)Enjoy Purchase10/10 ~IGN
,Recommended,332310,18561624,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Carterjay,This game is quite fun because of the memories that it brings back but the controls are very janky which is a turn off for me.  If the controls were better then I could enjoy it much more.
76561198166303248,Recommended,332310,17016127,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Dixie014,"Some times my game freezes and then unfreezes, it dosn´t load the entire map, i have to wait for it to load in.I have tried everithing . Please tell me what to doDev´s please fix this bug as soon as posible,thank you"
76561197961473776,Recommended,332310,30575431,Posted: 17 March,all,StuDiggler,OMG a million times better than the early access. Shame you have to collect the building bricks rather than just have them from the start
,Recommended,332310,18645240,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,CptJimmer,it is awesome totally worth $15 BUY IT!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,332310,17702577,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Barrazobama,amazing game i love it. all we need is a way to make waypoints and then it will be the best game
76561198071303672,Recommended,332310,30576699,Posted: 17 March,all,BerryBlue64,"Love this game so far. I wonder if they'll add more characters to unlock or if possible... edit the colors and texture of your characters clothing and hair!Basically, better character customization. You can create not only cool looking worlds but also unique looking characters, now that would make this game even more awesome!  ^w^No Lego movie joke intended...."
76561198163003086,Recommended,332310,18703022,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Marlin,Best Lego creator game ever.
76561198164017391,Recommended,332310,18698209,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Kiwigamerplays,THIS IS AMAZING. I like video games.I like lego so this is good i like the updates and the features you guys work on and i know this got releaseed on june and i liked the graphics and the detail into it. If only you fixed the camera then it would make it better add more things the building isnt too difficult and its being updated but there could be different camera perspective like first person and i have seen a video on first person camera mode and it is unofficial so that could mean this will be official later on
,Recommended,332310,18173085,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Cat.jpg,8/10 Went down a big hole an found treasure chest at the bottom
76561198216839697,Recommended,332310,18697212,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,jackyates123,This games awesome !!
,Recommended,332310,17108106,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,enchant97,"Lego Worlds is brilliant , you can do lots of things and since the new update my game now have a really high FPS. and I highly recomend it to anynoe who has played minecraft."
