user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,332400,17278009,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,BridgetFisher,"This RPG game is a nice change up from storming castles and dungeon crawlers.  Takes place in unique settings from planes, to trains, and city streets for example.  The goal is to rescue the girlfriend, after doing that the goal is to rescue whoever else is kidnapped by the bad guys.  Lots of party members to choose from makes each playthrough feel new.  Levels all have unique monsters that fit the level.  There are unlockable characters by beating different modes in different ways.  With the levels just the right size this game is great to speedrun, even better on higher difficulties where the characters move speed becomes super fast!  Great replay value!There is no manual for the game that explains ANYTHING in the game or what skills do, or describes any of the stats.  Apparently some of that info is in a separate guide players can buy somewhere online, but even that doesnt include the details of what party members do what people say.  Only way to find a good party is to experiment around and see what works best, or just charge in blindly!   There is also no way to play full screen, hitting alt enter leaves those annoying black bars on every side meaning 30-40% of the screen is just black.  Its un noticable as the heat of battle kicks in though.  WIthout a manual its not a perfect 10 but its so close otherwise from great music to great replay value its a fun RPG to kill time with and change things up from the usual.Rating:  8/10  Value:  $4.99"
,Recommended,332400,18004298,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Someone,"I bought this game for fun. Thinking ""Oh This will be funny!"". It sure was.You can play as either male or female. gay or straight. So I played as me. A guy name Gerard. It makes me happy to see you have the option to be gay on this game.Once you get in to the game... You see the story of how a girl is kidnapped. You can choose 3 other people to join you as you set out to rescue her.The battles are a bit like the ones in pokemon.I haven't finished it yet but so far... so good!Stop commenting about how being gay is wrong and stuff. I will not change. I will live how I wish. Enjoy the damn game."
76561198239592904,Recommended,332400,17090638,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,NarakuKagewaki,"The graphics are good, the story is simple but looks interesting, making you caught in the game in order to look for the sequel. I particularly enjoyed the level design and its lovely 8-bit style backgrounds. The characters are numerous and their battle skills are various enough to experiment a real strategic-based game experience, besides the linear progression fitting the ""beat them all"" aspects. Definitely a must-have in your library, if you're fond of retro-like games with their minimum dose of challenge (which can still be set in the beginning of the game in order to match your own difficulty preferences). :)"
,Not Recommended,332400,17535858,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,gunsage,"Edit:  I am adding/removing things as I'm going through.  As a result, I don't consider this to be a full review.It's possible that my review will change as I progress further into the game, but so far I'm not impressed.  Before I continue, a little about me.  I've been working with different versions of RPG Maker since the late 90s.  In fact, even now I'm working on an RPG Maker VX title that I will hopefully submit on Steam at some point, though that is easily months away from now.  That said, I have a number of issues with this title.Almost everything reeks of generic.  The main character is not interesting, nor are any of the side characters.  The dialogue really needs to be entirely redone as it's very amateurish and riddled with multiple grammatical errors that I would overlook if they were attempting to parody other grammatical errors from other games, but clearly they are not.  There are a lot of subtle issues with the game as well.For starters, barely pressing in one direction in a menu will often cause my cursor to go crazy and skip several lines or just straight up go into hyperdrive.  This has caused me to run from battles where I meant to go into rush instead.  While the graphics are entirely custom, the characters and environments are pretty terrible and low res in general, which makes the game feel that even further cheapened.I mean, I get it...the sheer number of normal Steam users that complain and drone on about default RTP for RPG Maker more or less forces you to use custom everything and that's fine, but at least make it something halfway appealing and BETTER than the default.  It also doesn't help that certain things went unchecked.  For example, when you stumble upon a merchant, you have the option to deal or not.  If you select not to, it still brings up the shop menu.These are things that should have been ironed out WAY before release.  As I said, it's possible that I will enjoy it more as time goes on (the opening cutscene was pretty nice for example), but as it stands this comes off more bland and unappealing than I had anticipated."
76561198124202037,Recommended,332400,17008565,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,shayh315,A very simple & short rpg but fun if you are looking to take a break from  long games.  The story starts out normal & adds sci fi elements to it later. But as a downfall if you are someone who does not have a lot of time to play there is not a lot of save spots you either have to defeat 5 enemies to auto save or find a police officer who does but there is not a lot available.
,Not Recommended,332400,25022254,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Soda Snuggles,"I got this game on sale and I still wouldn't recommend it. Sorry.There's a lot of things that irk me about this game already and I haven't even gotten passed world 4 yet.This game promises a certain level of ""character creation"" by asking what your gender and ""preference"" is. It asks what type of girls/guys your into and there's an option where you can make the character gay. Even though the game gives you this option, it doesn't like that you chose that, so instead says ""fine then she/he's just your friend""Then the game blatantly ignores any and all choices you've made and throws you into the bolted down script of a lovesick hothead while all the ""villains"" do what any other flat villain would do: tell him to give up, she's a lost cause, ect. But He'll never give up, because he's ~*~in love~*~ with her.Then there's team picking. Picking your team is tedious and confusing unless you look up a walkthrough to figure out who to pick. None of the characters you can pick from are explained, the game sort of expects you to figure it out on your own?But the biggest pet peeve of mine is this game's save system. It claims to save your progress every 5 fights or so but that's another blatant lie. The save stations are few and far between, and it expects you to dedicate hours of gameplay just to get to the next save station.Short version: this game offers a lot of things it can't keep up with. You're better off spending your money elsewhere."
76561198069159152,Recommended,332400,32607629,Posted: 20 June,all,wrb41977,"This is an interesting experiment for Aldorea. As in, it is the first ""modern"" time game I've seen from them. In this game, you play as a guy who was going to confess to his paramour (in the Visual Novel sense of the term confess). Unfortunately, she is kidnapped right as you get to the cafe to meet her. So you and your gang of friends (which might literally be a gang) go off to rescue her.Note: you can begin the game and say you are female, but in that case it is your crush who has to rescue you... and you play as the crush.Anyway, it seems a cool concept, and is quite fun... Oh, and being able to rename everybody has a certain appeal..."
76561198094826074,Recommended,332400,29212424,Posted: 12 January,all,Unknownman115,"Girlfriend rescue RPG, a time killer with unlockables. Do I recommend the game? It depends on what kind of gamer are you, or if you have spare time on your hands.If you are a determined collector and completionist/achievement hunter despite potential difficulties, get this on sale. (I wrote a guide and plan to write a sub guide for boss killing)If you are just a casual gamer who just wants to relax and not experience frustration on harder difficulties for a RPG maker game, I would not get this, even though on sale it could be tempting.Giving this game a positive review for the effort the devs put into the game, even though it may not seem much, 3 standard difficulties unlock new character(s). As for the hidden difficulties (assuming you bought the game or seen other reviews/playthroughs), prepare to go full try hard if you attempt the hardest difficulty in the game."
,Recommended,332400,26347347,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Bud,"Honestly, I had a mild interest into this game until I got off my butt out of boredom and tried it...and now I wish I wouldn't have wasted so much time from playing it.  I figure I will finish it within a week during my freetime but so far, all I can do is heavily suggest this game."
76561198094025821,Not Recommended,332400,30899325,Posted: 2 April,all,kerrigansaila,"After reading the other reviews and the preview images, I thought this game would be a fun jRPG with a modern twist. I love games published by Aldorlea, as well.However, this game, I can not say in good faith I reccomend to anyone. I bought it for 1.99 and I still think it was too much. I spent the first hour, tirelessly grinding through uninspiring dungeons before I realized that, no, it wasn't going to get better.The only positive to this game is the turn based combat system, but you can find that in any jRPG.Pros-Some of the character facesets are appealingCons-Where do I begin?The game starts off making absolute zero sense. The comic cut ins were neat, but I had no idea what was going on. First off, the game is about finding your 'girlfriend', um. no. The guy in the game hasn't even talked to the girl before, but somehow he's going around risking life and limb for someone he's never even talked to.Somehow you're supposed to believe in broad daylight, a man waltzes into a heavy populated area in a large city, throws a woman over his shoulder like a sack of potatoes, and runs off with no motive, or obstacles.The party members make zero sense. You have a choice of taking 3 with you on your journey, but they, like the 'girlfriend' have never interacted with the party member before. If they did, it's not shown very well.One of the party member's faceset is completely identical to the girl being kidnapped, and I was completely confused and thought they were the same person!Onto the game, there *is* none. The game is dungeon after dungeon. Once you clear a dungeon, you're transported to another dungeon. There is no progression in the story or explanation for what you're doing or why. You have no option of going back. It's grinding, without an end goal.The dungeons are the most uninspiring dungeons I've ever seen, and for the first dungeon, the battlers don't even make any sense. Why am I fighting samurais and a midieval knight in an office complex? The same battlers are used over and over, there is no variety or method to why they are where they are. You just fight. This isn't even explained.And can I mention the party member that you pick up when starting the game you can't control? He's COMPLETELY overpowered and makes the battle system completely unbalanced. All of my characters were KO'd yet this unwanted dude took on 4 battlers by himself. WHY? Who wants that? I'd rather die and figure out what I did wrong than have the game essentially play itself.I played this for about 2 hours thinking the game would get better, but the more I played it, the worse it became. The dialogue between the characters is terrible at worst, immature at best. The characters swear, but instead of using actual words, the game uses symbols. And these characters swear A LOT. When the dialogue is nothing but symbols, it's time to forfeit the symbols, or better yet, think of more productive dialogue.Also, the characters have bars abbreviated as ""TP"" but the items regenerating it call it ""SP"". Unless I'm completely missing something, I feel they both should be abbreviated the same way to explain to the player what they're regenerating when they're using an item.There's no explanation on what the characters stats are or what they do, it's assumed the player already knows. It should not be the players job to correctly assume what the stats on the characters do.As I said before, the dungeons look depressing. I get that the developer is going for a retro vibe, but it's 2017. Just because you CAN put in less effort doesn't mean you SHOULD. If the game is going to be nothing but dungeons I feel like it should be changed up a bit. The last dungeon I played before quitting was nothing but white walls and blue pipes. This is what you're looking at for a good hour, only to be rewarded with dialogue that adds completely nothing to the story.IE:Villain: ""I don't know anything about where the girl is. Why do you care so much?""Main character: ""I just do!""Yeah, I'm not even exaggerating on that.I know this is harsh, but the truth is the game is boring, unbalanced, nonsensical, and amateur. I feel like the developer should practice way more before trying to release a full game like this and asking for money. Truth be told, I feel like this was a quick way to get a couple dollars because I truly feel absolutely no effort was put into this.I can't reccomend this game in good faith, even at sale price. This game looks and feels like a first project.The save points are very infrequent. It was almost a half hour to an hour between save points for me.A much better indie JRPG is Moonchild, it is also published by Aldorlea Games and was also made in RPG Maker."
76561198128175678,Not Recommended,332400,18327160,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,reed_199,"I would like to start of by saying that I am usually a big fan of Aldorlea games, especially the Laxius Force and Millennium series, but I honestly did not like this game.It reminds me more of a dungeon crawler game, as all you really have to do in each world is kill all the enemies and find your way out. There are no sidequests (which is one of the best parts of rpgs in my opinion), and while the fact that you can play as a gay or straight guy or girl is great, the story really didn't grab my attention."
76561198042614616,Recommended,332400,25123013,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Kage Sasurai,"I'll start off by saying that for those who don't know, Aldorlea Games produces 16 bit style RPGs in the vein of FF IV-VI, Breath of fire 1&2, etc. They also happen to be a fair bit better at it than most RPGmaker game studios. Although as usual this is produced in RPGmaker, it bears little to no resemblance to their usual offerings.ProsFantastic, varied cast of charactersExcellent graphics quality in cutscenesVery mechanically deep, probably moreso than any other RPgmaker titleHigh replayability, especially for an RPGmaker gameRewards exploration and smart playVery high ""fun factor""No grindingVisible enemiesYou can do some really cool S*&% as the game progressesConsAlmost utterly nonsensical storyBarely an RPG, more of a mechanical/gameplay challenge with RPG trimmingsBad choices in initial party selection can make the game very hard, and it can't be changed midgameInability to grind (there are only so many enemies in each area) makes the game flow better, prevents power levelling if you have a crappy groupSingle playthrough is very short (5ish hours) but the game is geared towards replayabilityIn game sprites are ""meh"" at times, especially enemy artI have followed and enjoyed Aldorlea/Indinera Falls games since the original Laxius power days, so I'm a tad biased, but I believe this to be a masterpiece of gameplay and mechanics. This reminds me a little of ""Lax Team to the Rescue"", which for those who haven't played it, is another game with a large party selection and geared more towards gameplay than story.I wil note this in bold all capsFANS OF ALDORLEA GAMES' USUAL WORKS AND RPGMAKER GAMES IN GENREAL MAY NOT LIKE THIS GAME. If you are looking for a 20+hour game with a storyline that makes any sort of sense look elsewhere, but if you are looking for a great challenge with a wide variety of tactical options, rock solid gameplay and a high replay value, than this is the game for you."
,Recommended,332400,22701467,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Marxist Iguana,"This is a flawed game, that said, it's also pretty fun. The battling in this game can get tedious, and the writing isn't particularly good, but those problems aren't so problematic that they ruin the experience. In my playthorugh I have enjoyed myself fighting the varied enemies, using the skills unique to each character, searching items for loot, and customizing my character's gear. The two biggest problems I have with the game is that combat grows repeteitive and boring if you play for more than an hour or two, and the fact that regardless of whether you put down your gender as male, female, gay or straight, you are always playing as a male character trying to save a woman, since the main character has no personality beyond wanting to save a the girl(yeah, she's not actually your girlfirend yet, despite the name of the game)I don't understand why your can't play as a female trying to rescue a man, or a homosexual female, or a male trying to rescue a male, all that it would have required was a skin change for the main character and a couple of alternate pieces of still art, if there was any animation or voice acting in the game then I would understand, but there isn't and the game asks you your gender and sexual preference at the beggining so I don't understand this decision. And as I mentioned, the main character has almost literally no personality, though the supporting party members make up for that somewhat, they actually have personalities, though those are all hilariously one dimensional. In the party from my playthough, I had a guy who kept on talking about working out, a girl who kept talking about cosplay, and a different guy who only ever talked about his ""informants."" there is something kind of funny about these characters, since none of them are actually crucial to the ""plot"" they can say whatever the writers wanted them to, and it shows. But in my opinion that just gives the game a bit of charm. The supporting party is also an interesting and unique take, at the beggining you chose three party members out of (I believe) nine who will be with you for the whole game. Each possible party member has their own completely unique collection of special attacks, which encourages replays to see all the different attacks. This might be more effective if there was any kind of animation in for the attacks, but there isn't any animation for any attacks. But the different special moves feel very different from each other, so this is forgivable. Visually the game is fine, it's got a cool retro thing going, and the colors in each level work well with each other, but overall it's boring. Nice looking, but boring. The soundtrack is nothing special either, most of the time it's inoffensive (althought the soudntrack in the first level got on my nerves really fast) so I wouldn't recommend it on that criteria. Overall this game is slightly above average, it's better than a lot of indie retro RPGs that get put out, but at the same time there are much better titles out there. If you find this on sale, or if you just want the indie game equivalent of a B-Movie revenge flick then this probably worth checking out.6.5/10"
76561197994871102,Recommended,332400,17023405,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,davidb11,"This game is a tremendous amount of fun.   It's also challenging, so don't expect an easy game.The game also is recommended if you enjoy games with humor, and pop culture references."
76561198249853896,Recommended,332400,20477568,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,inner caster,"I did a playthrough in like 17 h. The plot is simple, rescue your girlfriend. The story has some suspense like why was she kidnapped? Is the abductor an alien?When I've finished the game, I've learned who and why my girlfriend was kidnapped and that's all.You have the challenge to not use the police restoration.I could've avoided it until Troy's boss (normal mode)You can explore strategis in battles replaying!. You get 1 or 2 new characters for next playthrough.You're stuck in your first choices , for ex: I'm a man who loves a girl. Why can't we be a gay or a lesbian next time? I suppose it's good for strategy but the plot sucks for me. Well I've paid it  cheap :)"
,Not Recommended,332400,19741484,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,UberNova津波,"Recently finished, so here's my 2 cents:Girlfriend Rescue is your standard issue RPG Maker game, both developed and published by Aldorlea Games (notorious developer of many RPG Maker games). Its a JRPG that handles similar to old school Dragon Warrior or Final Fantasy, but with a bit more room for strategy in both building your party and combat. The story itself takes place in a modern, urban setting which is a breath of fresh air (ironically) as opposed to your typical medieval fantasies. There's an interesting variety of characters to construct your party with, to which you will use to trudge through the 8 different scenarios. Explore a bit, loot things, fight baddies, and continue onwards. At the end of each scenario you get a little piece of story that serves as a reminder in case you forgot what the game was all about (see: title), and then you go back to walking and mashing the X button.Its not the most fun I've had with one of these kinds of games, in fact I'm a bit disappointed in Aldorlea Games. After playing Deadly Sin 2 and Skyborn, I really expected more from this title. I only recommend it if you have absolutely no other RPGs to play.. or just really need that old school RPG fix, even then wait for a sale.Pros:+ Interesting variety of characters+ Fresh, urban setting+ Fast paced combat+ Colorful visualsCons:- Mediocre story- Poorly written dialogue- Repetitive battles- Ugly enemy artwork- Vague character/skill descriptions- Messed up controls with my X360 gamepad- Lack of settings (volume, controls, etc)5/10"
76561198074771219,Not Recommended,332400,21258490,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Woody Alien,"I usually like Aldorlea's output, and was impressed byThe Book Of Legends, but this time they brought a game that is mediocre right from the uninspired name.Streets of Rage and similar brawlers have nothing to do with it, this is just your average RPG with pills and drugs instead of potions and magic. As for the “real world” setting, the contrived yet paper-thin plot gives several excuses to throw among enemies random stuff like zombies, medieval knights and Taoist monks just to recycle sprites presumably from other titles.The combat itself quickly becomes a chore and most of the levels are particularly uninspired and repetitive (especially areas 4 & 5), with lame graphics and no different things to do other than fight. The characters are not interesting at all, and the writing is amusing in places, but substitutes the wittiness and charm from TBOL with slang and memes that quickly get old.I don't recommend buying this at full price, and even then just if you're a JRPG fanatic."
76561198180539603,Recommended,332400,17546466,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,PseudoXIII,"There is a lot of fun to be had in Girlfriend Rescue, a game that is more complex than it looks. Beginning with your party selection and continuing with the battle strategies, this is a different type of adventure that will keep you busy for a good while:- lots of replay via the character selections and difficulty levels.- artwork is very good.- lots of things to find as you explore the levels.- present day story is different, but still a good time.So give this one a try and you will be drawn in pretty quickly to a unique rpg experience."
,Recommended,332400,18308149,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,chethecat,"Even though I haven't finished it, I've enjoyed the feel of the game.  It is reminiscent of an older generation of games and that nostalgia factor worked for me.  Definitely worth a look."
,Recommended,332400,19208892,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,bailbailey46,So far so GREAT!
,Not Recommended,332400,22707390,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,ninjaofquest,"I really don't like giving any video game thumbs down...but this is just not good. You spawn in a city and choose players, then you just go. No explanation. You just go. Battles in the first level (yes, I said level, there's no world to explore) of this game are just too easy. The lack of difficulty just made me not want to play this.And I realize not every RPG has to be super difficult like Dark Souls or that oldschool roguelike NetHack, but there should at least be some element of challenge to motivate me.There are no random encounters. Some people really like this, but I'd prefer the surprise, which adds to the challenge in certain ways. The enemies just seem ridiculously stupid and thrown together.Now, graphics. Yes, I realize this is an RPGMaker game. I repeat: I REALIZE THIS IS AN RPGMAKER GAME. But the graphics are just bad even for an RPGMaker game. A few more colorful sprites or tiles would help me appreciate this more.Now, I'm not saying this is complete trash. I guess the aspect of hidden items gets people to explore. But there's not enough for me to want to explore. Plus a lot of the hidden items are the same.Maybe I'll go back to this game if I don't have anything else to do. But I just don't see the appeal now that I've played it, even though it caught my eye so long ago."
,Recommended,332400,22906249,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Sip,"""the game was awful but for a dollar I learned not to trust games with neat titles."""
76561197993229537,Not Recommended,332400,17118005,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Tom Ato,"Leaves a very bad first impression at least, maybe it gets way better but... I won't be finding out.The only ""Beat 'Em Up"" aspect of the game is that your girlfriend gets kidnapped in Detriot. Other than that it plays out like a mediocre RPG maker game.The opening dialouge was very stilted and oddly phrased. ""I can only take three persons with me."" It felt like it was ran from google translate into English.You get to pick your party at the very beginning, but they never tell you who or what they are. Did I pick a bunch of fighters, or healers, or what? I don't know. There are no descriptions when picking your party, hell they don't even tell you their names.There are no random encounters which is nice, but I only fought a whopping two battles, none of my party members had any skills and I decided that I have much better games to play than this. If I were hard up for a game to play, maybe I'd give it more of a chance.I don't have any anti-RPG maker bias, and I've played a few Adolera games before, but this one just seems half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥from the get-go. I have better things to do..."
,Recommended,332400,19073223,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,|El' Peintnó™,
76561198079482473,Not Recommended,332400,18095642,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,sarah_yt,"I was expecting a bit more plot, tbh. 30 minutes in and I still don't feel connected with the characters. All we know about the guy in this time is that he's part of a small gang and has a crush on a girl who's been kidnapped. I mean, it's admirable he's going after her, but other than that... really no interest in any of the other party members either. So alas I'm not going to continue on with it. Maybe it gets better as you progress, but then again, maybe not.Pros, though - I do like the visible enemy encounters."
76561198053552710,Recommended,332400,20228983,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,✖ButterflyEffect✖,Cards give you some nice money on your wallet !10/10 would idle again :)
,Recommended,332400,18260086,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,bigchs,I found a cite that reviewed the game and seemed pretty fair and honest (not to mention pretty damn funny) when I read it.  I'm probably going to check out the other games they reviewed too if that's how they do things.http://a44.694.myftpupload.com/2015/09/game-review-girlfriend-rescue/
,Not Recommended,332400,17243390,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Nads,"I had completed the first two levels of this game before I decided to drop it and request a refund. The idea of the game interested me, expecting it to be somewhat of a light-hearted, funny RPG. What I found was the story is pretentious and the dialogue is terrible and not funny. I don't know if it would get better later, but I'm not willing to find out."
,Not Recommended,332400,19649389,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Spook Rooster,No.
,Not Recommended,332400,17193846,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Fade,I did not enjoy this game at all. Maybe it gets better later but the dialogue is terrible (maybe english isnt their first language). The combat isnt fun IMO and i just cant bring myself to enjoy this. I dont really have anything bad to say about this game other than the dialogue but i just cant recommend this to my friends.
,Recommended,332400,16986332,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Gutta Gully Weeb,"All the girls in this game are my new waifu's. I'm in a harem, don't judge me nerds."
