user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,393380,32587771,Posted: 20 June,all,Captain Keel-Over,"Squad. Great game.I am new to  the strategic fps scene and I found this game easy to adapt to. The community is mostly welcoming and helpful. However, I made the mistake of purchasing this game as a 15 year old. People dont appreciate Mr Squeaky as much as other games. I was shocked to discover that only 2% of the players of this game are under the age of 15. And if you are my age. DO NOT TRY TO LEAD A SQUAD.If you want my true opinion I really like this game. It is amazing to play a game tactically oriented that is not full of troll like jokers who can not take♥♥♥♥♥♥seriously. Always ask questions, communicate and have fun. Huge lack of salt.First couple of times I was shot I nearly had a heart attack. It is scary at first, but this game is skill and team focused and in my opinion is the best tactical fps simulator out there. Regular updates keep the community excited.Thanks for reading this Review."
,Recommended,393380,30800047,Posted: 28 March,all,Majin,"Be me.Create a new squad and be SL.A bunch of randoms join it.Game starts.Whole squad follows my orders. No questions asked.Worried we are all a bunch of casuals that are going to get wiped out as soon as we get into contact.Hike across map for 20 mins stressing out about it.Hostiles spotted.All hell breaks loose.Everyone starts shooting.Everyone screaming.I s**t my pants.We call out targets and look out for each other and somehow make it through.We wipe out three enemy squads, a BTR, a logi truck and an enemy fob.We cap two points and push enemy team all the way back to main.Our squad is so good, other squads start thanking us wherever we go.Other squad leaders start arguing with each other over who asked for our help first.We become the stuff of legends and take out another squad, a BTR and fob.Game ends.10 seconds of silence staring at score screen.We win and are by far best squad in every category with kills, points etc.Squad says I was the best SL they ever played with.Get 5 new steam friend invites.11/10 – will s**t my pants and squad lead again"
76561198247773432,Recommended,393380,29218804,Posted: 12 January,all,Sahara,"-Plays on a Afghan map on the US Team.-Squad is held up in a mud compound in an intense firefight against the Taliban.-Grenade bounces off the wall and lands in between all of us.-Squad Mates yell and scream, can't scatter due to constrained walls.-I Quickly Sprint, go prone and jump on the Grenade .-Grenade goes off.-I Die.-Rest of Squad is confused on what just happened and how they lived as the entire room iscovered in dust.-Squad mate points out that he saw me jump on the grenade.-Rest of Squad realizes that's a feature in the game, and begins to cheer for my selfless sacrifice.Can't think of any other game I've played where I've had such a experience involving communication and tactics with random players in Public lobbies.10/10 would buy again if I could."
,Recommended,393380,32088823,Posted: 31 May,all,[plebs] TheLoneRanger,"May 31st 2017 - 15:30 GMTAs a medic in the Russian Ground Forces, I saw bodies in the streets of SE Petrivnka, of my fellow comrades, ones who fought beside me, the ones I trusted, laying beside me as I was firing bullets into an enemy we could not see, but was there siphoning the lives around me. All was lost but hope. As I helped build sandbags around the village, I could feel the presence of the militia, their eyes on me, their fingers ready to see me drop. As explosions and bullets smashed through concrete, the concrete we thought would protect us, the concrete we thought was impenetrable, I made a desperate run for the two-storey farmhouse with my best friend and some comrades in arms, a few of us were in the same squad, some from different squads, yet we fought and bled together we saw some of our comrades hit the ground as the militia technical's DShK ripped into the building shattering the soldiers. Some of our men were down, I peered through the window hoping to get shot, but I see enemies coming over the hill and I see one in an alleyway, I take a shot at him and he is injured, but I was too scared to take another, my team-mate finishes the job, I went to attend to the men which were down but I had no bandages, then a comrade decides to go and help with the bandages as he was too a fellow medic. He goes and tells me something but he.. he gets shot in the head blood pouring through like a waterfall. I take cover, as many other men fall around me. We were stuck in a two-storey prison and also a mass grave. I took cover in the corner, as the only people left was me and an automatic rifleman, I saw my best friend bleed out in front of me, he dies. I shut my eyes and then the automatic rifleman was shattering the stairs with bullets. The enemy which I couldn't see is now one floor below me. I shut my eyes one last time and as I open them I see on my screen:""MILITA FORCES HAVE WON""I was glad, not because the enemy won but because the pain had stopped.I was only a recruit, 13hrs on my belt. Yet nothing could prepare me for this.10/10 PTSD Simulator10/10 Gameplay and Sound10/10 Comrades dead.I love this game, it hurts to play but it's worth it."
,Recommended,393380,28301595,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Afroman23rd,"> be anti tank> theres russian apc killing entire 2 squadrons and non of them has anti tank> squad leader quickly ordered me to bring the rocket launchers> quickly rush through the battle> got attecked by an enemy on the way> be one of the last 2 survivor on your squad> finally arrived> everyone cheered for me> pulls out the law> got hit by an apc> get knocked down> medic arrvies> getting suppresed by a apc> medic revived me and i quickly pulled out the law> missed the first shot> quickly reload the last rocket> other squad leaders ordered distraction suppresive fire> squad leader marked the apc on the map,and told me the coordinates> shot the last rocket> blasted that apc into thousand pieces> everyone cheeredmost badass teamwork moment in my gaming life10/10"
,Recommended,393380,19955925,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Little Baby Man,"Its a amazing game, just too unoptimized for me :C*EDIT* GAME IS AMAZING NOW, NEW UPDATE MADE IT PLAYABLE FOR ME :D>join russia>become best class>medic>we gotta attack a rice field>my squad all speaks russian>only word they say is &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥BLAYT"">squad leader shouts ""FOR RUSSIA COMRADES CHARGE!"">we all charge>everyone begins to get shot>i get Americas Army 3 Flashbacks>everyone is bleeding except for me>i hear Muji apporaching>squad leader tells me to ""run comrade, run"">i revive him>""you didnt have to do that but ok, i have plan now"">he pulls a pin on a grenade>""run"">i sprint outta there like crazy>Muji begins to follow>Squad leader shouts &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ YOU MOTHERFUC-"">blows up>everyone over mic cheers over his death, as he killed 2 squads of Muji100/100 would cry about a squad leaders death again"
76561198049819329,Recommended,393380,19772481,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,echo1,"It dawned on me that 'Squad' was a special breed of game when my squad made contact with the Taliban in the harsh terrain of Afghanistan. An RPG shell had just impacted the ground in front of me showering my squad in dust and debri. An eerie silence follwed only to be cut by the unmistakable murmurs of 'medic' crackling over my headset. To my right, I saw our medic inch forward not 6ft feet from me, only be ge riddled with bullets from a hidden AK-47 toting insurgent. Of the 9 man team I had been apart of, 4 lay dead and the rest including myself were disorientated and frozen in place as the pitter patter of steps grew louder. Here I was, on the edge of a poppy field, amongst my enemy with my dead squad mates lying beside me. I've never experienced survivor's guilt in a video game but in that moment, I felt it. In the course of 20 minutes, I'd laughed and sworn with my now deceased squadmates and for some reason, perhaps through divine intervention I had been spared. Through all this time it never occurred to me that I could respawn if I were to be killed such was the immersion of the moment. 'Squad' is the greatest modern warfare tactical FPS I've ever played as it breathes life into a genre that was becoming all to stale with nothing but the ARMA series to counter such an accusation. Echo1 signing off."
76561198017924827,Recommended,393380,34038565,Posted: 5 August,all,[RIP] Oddball,"First game in Squad:- Beta nublet- Join server- Finally figure out how to spawn- Hear Squad Leader on comms, ""GET IN THE VAN, WE NEED TO GO NOW""- Lumber my fat lump of lard to the van- Accidentally select grenade when trying to enter van- ruhrohscoobydoo.jpg- Didn't prime it, all good- Get in van, sat with my squad dudes- ""RIGHT GUYS, WE NEED TO GO TO (somewhere) LETS GO""- We leave base, comms full of hysterical laughter- ""Hey guys, first game here so I'm sorry if I suck""- Squad dude, ""No worries man, welcome to the game.""- thisisnice.jpg- Other squad dude, ""Get ready to die""- Maniacal laughter ensues- Random funny stuff and general dudeness on comms- Minutes later driving along, SL gets on comms- ""Ok, we need to take that hill otherwise we're ♥♥♥♥ed. We're going t-""- Squad dude interrupts, ""Hey, is that one of ou-""- RPG HITS THE TRUCK- WTF.jpg- Felt like I was in Zeus' toilet whilst he was taking a thunderous crap- Tinnitus kicks in my ears- ""GET OUT GET OUT GET OUT, ♥♥♥♥, GET THE ♥♥♥♥ OUT""- Hide behind truck- A hailstorm of furious bullets rain down upon us- Squad bros dropping all around me- Cacophony of death and destruction ring around us- Start laughing hysterically due to shock- Squad bro I was sat next to fires off a few shots before he gets popped in the head- holyshitholyshit.gif- SL, ""GET THE ♥♥♥♥ OUT OF THERE, RUN OVER THAT SMALL HILL""- Three of us start running- Guy in front of me goes down- His body as limp as an old man with E.D- Squad bro and I make it over the hill- He's my new best friend now- Always stay by side of new best friend cos I'm scared as hell- New best friend and I take out enemy nest- feelsgoodman.jpg- ""So new guy, do you like the game so far?""- ""THIS IS AWESOME""- Die about 10 times later- We win game- Maniacal laughter on comms10/10"
,Recommended,393380,19823475,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,SN4KE,"When I'm not playing this game I'm either sleeping or working. While at work I'm looking up military terms to improve my squad leading skills. That's normal, right?"
,Recommended,393380,32756033,Posted: 24 June,all,Hipster Walrus,">Buy Squad>Microphone does not work>""USB microphones are not currently supported"">""Well sh*t."">Use friend's Text-To-Speech script to communicate>Make binds for ""yes"", ""no"", ""take cover"", ""enemy spotted"", ""stop"", ""go."">Head into game>Introduce myself>Squadmates refer to me as Mr. Roboto>I lead them to victory as I guide them through the desert>Feels good>We advance to an enemy compound just south-east of Hemp Farm>Enemies start firing from an unknown direction>My time is now>I command my squad to take cover and toss smoke grenades>Enemy throws a grenade>""That's a grenade"" said a squadmate>3 squadmates get turned into red paste>Ask another squadleader for fire support>""What in the hell is that?"" he says>Ask him for fire support again>He asks""Why aren't you using your mic?"">I just say ""If you don't do this you don't support the Führer."">He fires 6 mortars and screams on the mic ""Domo arigato!"">Everything goes quiet.>No gunshots, no explosions.>Squadmates just look at me funny.>I hear the mortars coming down.>Everyone f*cking dies.10/10 would be refered to as Mr. Roboto domo arigato again.EDIT:>Finally got my microphone working>Join ""Queens Fighting Force"" server>Introduce myself and see some guy crawling under Humvees>I just see a Humvee fly f*cking 300m in the air and explode>He keeps doing this>Told him to stop>He refused>I shot him>I ask a teammate if my mic works>He shakes his head and says yeah>Victory>Patrol through the desert with my teammate, who I call Lynchburg, because he keeps yelling in his microphone saying he hates blacks for some reason>Another teammate being shot at sees us approaching and gets on the radio telling us to take cover>We suppress the enemies and group up with the guy>His name is some random sequence of letters and we just call him Ivan because of his thick Russian accent>He says that Outskirts is under attack and we need to help>We help>I see an ISIS truck slowly approaching us from about 150m away>I point out the truck and it starts opening fire>Ivan is filled with holes and my other teammate is slowly bleeding to death>I shoot the gunner on the truck and go over to Lynchburg to give first-aid>The truck makes a very tight U-Turn and rushes me>""OH CHRIST"" I yell on the mic, as the truck flies directly over me>I heal my teammate and start shooting at the truck>A friendly Humvee approaches and shoots the truck until it explodes>Lynchburg makes a remark about sand ni->We're slowly approaching Outskirts, hearing explosion after explosion>We had an uneasy sort of feeling as we walked through the desolate town, corpses, left and right>Ivan finally regroups and asks ""What the hell are you doing?"">We ask where the fighting is happening>Ivan looks at us and says ""You're kidding, right?  We just captured this place like 2 minutes ago."">""The battle's happening at the Mosque."">Lynchburg shoots Ivan in the face and gets banned10/10 would be teamed with a Klansman againEDIT:  Okay I forgot to mention, the sound in this game is so god damn satisfying.  The game tests the strength of my will not to throw a grenade and hear the incredibly satisfying crunch of the dirt flying into the air and the fragmentation landing next to me."
76561197987156213,Recommended,393380,19830727,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Cpt betty,"Imagine being a squad leader in charge of 8 others. Other squad leader asks for my support, so i move my squad around for a flank. Before we get in place, a grenade goes off and kill my marksmen and machine gunner. Everyone gets down, were in the middle of the woods, bullets are coming from everywhere but behind us. I place down a rally point for a respawn for my guys, we hold our position for at least 10 minutes fighting off countless enemies from all around. I radio to the other squads that were are surrounded and need backup. In return i got ""roger that squad leader 3, youre uh........ yeah youre ♥♥♥♥ed bro idk what to do lol"". Decide to buold an FOB in place and defend this area. For the next hour, i have half of my men using shovels to build sandbag walls and hesco barriers while the other half keeps the enemy distracted. The amount of gun fire and explosions and people screaming around as i try to get this base build is unreal. The enemy keeps launching grenades at our walls and blowing up our ladders. Finally 1st squad comes around and flanks the enemy to take them out.10/10 would listen to my men cry for their mommies and wifes again."
,Recommended,393380,28324310,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,< lonely >,"I tried this game on free weekend. What sold me into buying it was this squad mate I played with.He got shot and with his very thick russian accent he screamed:""MEDIC!!!! HELP!!!! I'VE BEEN SHOT!""Squad lead told him to calm down but it didn't stop him:""MY LEG IS BLEEDING! I NEED HELP!!!""He died right after. :( I still think about him every night. RIP COMRADE.Seriously though, get this game it's the best, with or without friends. The community is amazing. Most servers have active admins on so if you play with tkers they'll be kicked asap.Must play with mic! You'd be surprised how great everyone is especially in voice acting :D"
,Recommended,393380,22442552,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Angrytiger,"Welcome to Squad: A tactical (but not too tactical) milsim (but not too sim...-ish) designed (I'm guessing) for people who would love to play ARMA, but get turned off by the, you know, not-user-friendly controls and interface. I have NOT played Project Reality, everyone keeps saying OH IT'S BASICALLY THAT BUT BETTER – sorry, I can't offer insight on that connection.Anyways, I'll make this quick and clean because I've got tacticool stuff to do.THINGS SQUADDOESN'TOFFER/DO:Variety by design-- Squad, especially in the current form, is bereft of many of the familiar things that most FPS players look forward to -- a dozen unlockable, customizeable weapons per 'class', gizmos and gadgets to use on the battlefield, a magical radar/motion detector, etc. Even ARMA has more on it with (in certain missions/maps/gametypes) a variety of weapons to choose -- not with Squad! You can be the squad leader, a medic, ONE of up to THREE support roles (grenadier, sniper, LMG guy, etc.), or a generic rifle guy. That's it. Your kit is determined by your role. Protip: You won't always get the sniper rifle, and also your character is not a Delta Force Recon Navy Seal commando, so even when you get one it handles... well, actually, just fine, but high-speed players used to CoD, or even Battlefield, will find it boring.Constant Action– Most of the game is spent running around from one place to another, re-positioning for another engagement that will last maybe 30 seconds. While, in certain off chances, you may spawn at, say, a forward spawn point that JUST HAPPENS to be in a point that JUST HAPPENS to be getting assaulted by the enemy army, realistically most of the time you'll be watching the hills, taking potshots if you see someone, knowing that you're one observant enemy sniper/DMR/eagle-eyed rifleman away from being popped. Oh, yeah:Prioritization of gameplay over realism– you'll fall to the deck within a few hits, and even if you don't get killed you can and will bleed out. You will not be able to hold a weapon on target when firing fully automatic. You will get injured (I like to think of it as spraining your ankle) if you fall off something that's about your body height or taller. (People like to ♥♥♥♥♥ about this being unrealistic – have you ever humped around a full combat load while running around [I have.]? Do you really think you can just jump down 6 feet onto uneven ground without serious risk of hurting yourself when you're loaded down with gear?) This game takes some things to extremes, but then is surprisingly gentle about it (If you have a medic nearby, he can patch up your bullet holes and heal you completely!)”Lone Wolf” Gameplay– This is not to demean this 'style', but Squad is most definitely against the lone wolf/camper/”guys I'm gonna take the sniper rifle and 'scout'” school of gameplay. As mentioned above, you are squishy as a particularly well-worn dog toy; you'll be fighting your own [character's] body's limits most of the time when trying to frag tangos (not to mention as soon as you open up, you'll probably be spotted and lit the hell up by the enemy army); and, oh yes, a brilliant move on the devs' part meansYOU CAN NOT HAVE SPECIALTY GEAR/KITS(including sniper rifles/DMRs, grenade launchers, RPGs, etc.)WITHOUT HAVING A SQUAD WITH OTHER MEMBERS.Role availability “populates” as your squad grows in size up to the maximum of 9. Now, you can TRY to be that piece of human waste that joins some random squad, takes their SR, then runs off on your own, but if your erstwhile squad is wise they'll just abandon you in your now pseudo-squad, you'll lose your SR the next time you respawn, and you'll have bad juju in the Squad community. PERFECT SEGUE!THINGS SQUADDOESOFFER/DO:(As of this review) Great Community– I don't know if it's just the fact that most everyone playing this game drank the same koolaid by committing to a game based on the party line “THIS GAME'S COMMUNITY IS AWESOME!” or what, but the playerbase is fairly mature. Maybe it's the fact that you MUST work together with your squad to work well (not to mention to get all available equipment options), but everyone seems perfectly willing to follow along with what the squad leader recommends. It's just a natural inclination. And sometimes YOU'LL get sick of waiting for people to build squads and make your own, and people will join with the intention of following YOUR orders (unless you're totally incompetent).Kind of a negative, too, but: Player Immersion– your mileage may vary. Tactical chatter has sort of 'infected' everyone in this game, probably descending from the actually-been-there guys, and it'll probably get to you, too. Now, this can go badly for you, as you may have guys who are SO intensely desirous to be a cool tactical milsimmer that they inject every bit of milspeak they can into their sentences, some actually used IRL, some not so much, some butchered by bad movies giving the wrong impressions – heck, they annoy me, too. But you just sort of tune them out.Promise of Growth– As I said, the game is barebones as hell at the moment. BUT... devs have been apparently delivering on their promises (so the community seems to agree) so far, and promised for the future are more weapon types, more vehicles (in the sense that any number > 0 ), more maps, etc. etc. And hopefully it won't require a $60 pre-purchase subscription bundle pack expansion season pass [zing].Maybe the community will grow toxic as this game goes more mainstream (Call that the ""Day Z"" scenario). Maybe the devs will give up on it. Maybe everyone will just drift away from it due to its lack of flashy graphics and attention-span-sating unlocks and ranks and stat tracking popping up every 10 seconds. But for now... Squad is the superlative 'deep-thinking' FPS that doesn't have a very high barrier of entry, but also requires players to play it more...intenselythan Battlefield."
,Recommended,393380,31595249,Posted: 6 May,all,Crow,"So after 150 hours I've decided to finally do a review.I've had experience in many different fps games over the years but recently my interest in them dwindled. From arma to csgo to battlefield, I played them a fair bit, but only played them casually and didn't see them as rewarding enough to fully sink some hours into end on end - something was missing for me.Then squad rolled in.I spent my first match running around as many do trying to kill anything that didn't have that green name tag. I died repeatedly. Confused and frustrated I tried different approaches but ultimately kept on drifting off into that typical fps mentality and tried soloing it. The struggle was real until a voice came down my headset. ""Crow, meet me at this marker on foot, I've got a plan. Open your map with the M key to take a look"" I hadn't been paying attention to the comms chatter and shrugged my shoulders and thought right ok, the squad leader must have been able to tell I was new.I walked along to the marker taking cover where I could, being cautious because I had been getting picked off all game. I waited at the marker prone next to a bush for a solid 3-5 minutes.The SLs voice came over in proximity, ""me and you are going to get a rally set up behind enemy lines so our team can outflank and secure the objective"" I can't remember the guys name to save the life of me, but what followed was the most bad♥♥♥♥♥teamwork I have ever experienced in any game. I was hooked, this game shined like no other fps, what was really missing in the rest of the fps games.Me and the SL proceeded onto a town, clearing rooms as we moved along, leap frogging and providing each other cover as we progressed, he called out enemies and so did I and we dropped them in sync. We were deep in enemy turf now. He told me not to fire. I held fire. A habit I found hard to break. But I did. We ended up at a point where he placed the rally. Squad members spawned in. Anti tanks and lmgs in hand. We began our assault on the enemy flag. Explosions galore and bullets whizzing everywhere. We secured it after 10 minutes of very intense fighting. We lost by 7 tickets.  He thanked me and the rest of the squad and acknowledged our teamwork.I played the game all night and now I squad lead regularly. Something I initially thought would not be my thing.  This game is for a niche market. And It's hard to break them old fps habits.  But when you do - it's worth every ♥♥♥♥ing penny.Get this masterpiece.  Thankyou devs."
76561197998933813,Recommended,393380,26208178,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Mr.Whitefolks,"The game that I dreamed of following BF2. Team work, communication, strategery and sneaky skills are rewarded. NO MINIMAP, NO 3D MAP, NO KILL CAM, NO 3rd PERSON BABY CAMPING, NO NO NO! This game is for people who want to be immersed in a hardcore FPS using tactics, not nade spam and coleman camping. The competitve aspect is also especially robust, team up and win or split up and lose! Buy this one if you like hardcore and realistic FPS."
76561198016150129,Recommended,393380,19759605,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Oldtomato,A few thhings you should do before playingGoto ->  \Steam\SteamApps\common\Squad\Squad\ConfigEdit defaultengine.iniChange the following lines:r.DefaultFeature.AmbientOcclusion=Falser.DefaultFeature.AmbientOcclusionStaticFraction=Falser.DefaultFeature.MotionBlur=Falseand add this line anywhere in the block where the above lines were found:r.PostprocessAAQuality=0
76561198031560081,Recommended,393380,32573722,Posted: 19 June,all,Smallz,"The hours committed to this game says enough. Since I purchased the game long ago, I still strongly believe Squad is currently, and will be the best FPS on the market for some time to come, and that I have ever had the privelage to play. The Attention to detail and the raw feeling of being in a massive firefight bring you in to a whole new gaming experience. I truly can not wait to see this game finished and polished to it's full potential down the road. In the meantime I gotta keep pumpin' those numbers, cause these are rookie numbers.P.S If you have a gaming headset, I strongly recommend using it for ultimate sound quality, realism, and of course team communication. (WHICH IS SO KEY TO VICTORY!)+1 ; Veteran loved, and Veteran approved."
,Recommended,393380,20534467,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,SaltySkramz,"There we were, a band of brothers, enlisted in the US Army.It was me, the quiet but serious medicthe RPG guy who loved his rocket launcher more than his wife and spoke highly of it in area chatthe wise joke cracking rifleman who couldn't resist a good punthe russian with broken english who sniped so much you could of thought he was vasily zaytsevthe kind hearted squad leader who left no man behind and treated everyone as an equaland the slow learning new machine gunner with a laugh that touch the soulThere we were, a band of brothers, fighting in the scorched earth that was the middle east, the game had been going on for half an hour and we had just finished clearing up a camp filled with local militia when squad 2 requested our assistance in saving their downed troops half a klick south from us.Our squad leader didn't even hesitate to dive back into the fire as he agreed to come to the aid of our fellow soldiers, our sharpshooter was hesitant as he knew we were all low on ammunition from the last firefight and we were nowhere near our FoB. There came an awkward silence for a brief moment as we already knew we had no time to resupply, our rifleman made a snarky comment about how we'll catch the enemy with their pants down anyways, we all laughed as together we felt invincible, so onward we marched.There we were, a band of brothers, making our way to the last known location of squad 2 when we passed through a small town, we heared explosions not far from us, we were getting hesitent, our RPG man said quietly over local chat that he had a bad feeling about our situation, not even a moment later did the crack of a bullet wizz past my ears as I dived down, scrambiling back to my stance I saw our machine gunner down on the ground, bleeding out as he screamed for his mother over local chat, our sniper started to tell him to shut up since the enemy could hear us but his statement was cut short as he was hit directly by an RPG, we popped smoke and stopped the machine gunner's bleeding, for the next 5 minutes we spent dug in a house fighting for our lives, for the brother beside us, soon we ran out of ammo, it was over, there was nothing more we could do. Our rifleman was the first to go AWAL, in a fit of fear he dashed out of the house screaming ""LATER"" it wasn't even a moment later that he met the bullet. I stepped outside to see if I could reach him only to get hit myself and fall down, my squad leader screamed in a fit of horror as he ran over to me to stop my bleeding with his last field dressing, that was when our machine gunner, the new guy, stepped out of the house and opened fire without any care for his well being while screaming ""COME ON, TAKE ME YOU FILTHY REBELS"" as he slowly moved forward spraying down the enemy from the hills with his LMG only to hear a single crack and he fell for the last time and said he did his best. By this time I was not bleeding but could not get up without real medical attention, the only one left, our squad leader looked out into the distance then back at me and said ""I'm sorry I got you all into this mess, I made a bad call, I will pay for it."" He stood up and pulled out a grenade and charged the enemy who believed they killed us all, moments later I heard an explosion..I knew what the sarge did, as he payed the ultimate sacrifice.There I was, alone. It was then I decided to let fate take me as I slipped away.Then we all respawned and our rifleman said ""well that was gay"""
76561197962650320,Recommended,393380,26536737,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Mandrake,"700 hours in, i'd like to address some of the negative reviews that were written during the free weekend.A lot of negative reviews came in from people who don't understand what kind of game this is, and reviewed it like it's supposed to be call of duty. Negative reviews for aspects that are integral to this game such as no minimap, no killcams, no killfeed/kill indicator, limited availability of vehicle and ordinance assets and big emphasis on voice communication.These things are the way they are in Squad because together they create an atmosphere that arcade shooters do not understand and do not achieve. These ""negative"" elements make the game more immersive and more intense.By limiting the information you as a solider receive with no minimap or orange chevrons on all the enemies, you feel less safe and more scared. You use your map to navigate the terrain like you would in real life. You rely on communication to find the enemy. You play slower and use your senses more.Not knowing how you die is frustrating, but relays the chaos of a military engagement. Squad has a lot of slow parts, a lot of running a good distance from a distant, hidden spawn point to the action, or a long flank hidden behind a hill to take out a defending squad. These dull moments are essential because they make the action so much more intense. When things go from 0 to 100 in squad it's incredible, with bullets cracking through the air all over, explosives going off and everyone freaking out in local voice scrambling to find cover. The chaos, the not knowing exactly what's going on, the need to rely on your teammates to accomplish the game's goals, this is an essential aspect of this game and what makes it so great.When I play battlefield things are SUPER intense 100% of the time all the time. And it works for a few hours and then... it just becomes the norm and its dull. Squad takes you on these great highs and lows and delivers situations and battles that are unforgettable.Almost a year since early access release, and I commend the dev team. They have been stellar, super communicative in the forums and reddit, working hard, listening very closely to the community and supporting them. The game has evolved very nicely a year in, and we can't wait to see what is going to come.The squad playerbase is stellar. Many great adminned servers and many great clans and communities full of great people. They organize community events like clan fights or modified gameplay sessions (hardcore one life events etc).People in game are friendly and helpful, many of us have made a lot of friends playing this game. There are trolls, tkers, and occasional hackers, but show me a game that doesn't have those."
,Recommended,393380,30596065,Posted: 18 March,all,Cat Valentine <3,"Summary - Squad is a modern tactical FPS, with large scale battles that are up to  50 v 50. Squad makes you focus on teamwork rather than solo play, It's different from other mainstream shooters and more like Arma and Insurgency. The game focuses on teamwork what happens through communication between the squad leaders, who are actually nice people. The first thing I enjoyed was in the game was the sound, this game, is possibly one of the best sounding games I've ever heard. Once you head in to a game for the first time you choose between squads once you're in a game, you will find that it being a tactical game and all, it has very slow gameplay as it mainly focuses on realism rather than arcade like other FPS games out there.Pros-Great sound the atmosphere in this game is truly astonishing, it actually feels like you're in the battlefield itself, gun sounds and explosions sound great.-Good player base, squadleaders are for the most part are nice and take the game serious.-Massive battles, Maps and the 50 v 50 gameplay is very immersive, feels amazing.-Very Relistic, these types of games are not for everybody if you prefere fast paced combat this is certainly not the game for you, this focuses on the reality of modern warfare, without the emotion that is, your friend isn't really dead.-Acually gets teamwork right for once, players follow commands and the game works better if you communite with each other and stuff actually gets done on the battlefield not like every other game were it's just like a bunch of people running around like savages.Cons-Graphics could be better, some aspects such a the sun's reflection is mesmerizing but overall the graphics ain't that good.-It's too expensive knowing the amount of content, the amount of guns and gamemodes and so on, don't make a game that costs in this price range.-No Rank up system, not everybody wants such a thing, it's more of a personal preference.-I know it's still in Early Access but, some of the game is far from finished, such as the animations and some basic things. Mechanics such as vaulting have not been added yet, and they are still yet to be a huge variety of maps and vehicles.-Lack of gamemodes, mabye it would be a good idea to possibly add in a few gamemodes, just an idea.Verdict: Overall, SQUAD is one of the best tactical shooters I have ever bought, the non-arcade gameplay will put some people off buying it, if you like slow gameplay realism, tactical gameplay mixed in with a modern military, this is the game for you, I would recommend this game a lot for people who like these types of games, but for others people that like fast paced arcade shooters, won't really find this too appealing to them. Overall it's a great game and would recommend it"
,Recommended,393380,19884719,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,FUQS,This is:10% luck20% skill15% concentrated power of will5% pleasure50% painAnd a 100% teamplay if your squad is ok
76561198070362470,Recommended,393380,30613235,Posted: 19 March,all,Minigris hellcase.com,"Squad is a great immersive online military simulator (milsim) fps where talking to your team and coordinating is the key to both winning the game and actually seeing action.The graphics are good, not like Battlefield or Rainbow six but the game does look good (the explosions are awesome) and the sounddesign is godlike, next to none and when your in a firefight it feels like a firefight, just shooting on the traininggrounds is a pleasureRight now there are 9 maps and more to come, there is also a training map where you can test all the gadgets and vehicles.The maps in this game are HUGE and they should be due to the very realistic military gameplay where slow and planned out attacks are much better than just rushing in head on.You should really watch some gameplay or reviews on this game before you buy it, just to get a feel for the game.It's important that you listen to your squadleader (SL) or if you are the SL listen to your teammates.The GIANT ""Alpha 9"" update has just been released and they are adding and fixing A TON of stuff and there will be small fixes and updates inbetween the large updates.This game is an amazing experiance and really puts you in the boots.Realism: 9/10 Close to Arma III and other Milsim gamesSound: 10/10 Nothing beats the realism of the sound in this game, nothing.Community: 8,5/10 People play their role and they are not toxic but many people dont use or have mics and that can get frustrating.Bugs: 6/10 There are bugs and they can ruin the immersion sometimes, don't expect an indiegame without bugs.Handling: 6,5/10 It has a good movement system but it's sometimes personally not perfect, you can't vault over obsatcles.Score overall: 8,5/10 Its a great game.Mark as helpful if this cleared the air on this game!"
,Recommended,393380,19938113,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Napoleon,"Like Arma 2/3 but you don't have to pretend its fun, because it actualy is."
76561197996376534,Recommended,393380,34352613,Posted: 19 August,all,Sanjeazy,>be Taliban>become a scout>place IED on fellow Taliban comrad>run into infidel occupied location>comrad radios me to blow the IED>SCREAM Allahu Akbar!!!!>dial the phone>loud expolsion can be heard across the land>kill entire friendly squad with no enimy casualties>come home feeling defeated>buy a computer>buy squad>re-live the same experience in a video game10/10 would fail to kill infidels again
,Recommended,393380,20980821,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Dr Medic,"> Be me> Is playing medic of course, healing people to death> Squad goes to assault a bunker, I come with them> We enter, I go in last> Someone shouts ""Grenade!""> 2 seconds later, 3 of my 9 squad are dead, 4 bleeding out fast> 3 of those 4 bleed out> Tell the others that have died that I'll get them back up> K> I don't have enough bandages for all of them, but it's a long♥♥♥♥♥walk> Decide to get Squad Lead first, he can place down a resupply crate, so I can revive them all> 4 Militia rush us> Drop down to the ground> 2 of the others just died, leaving me and another man, both of us are bleeding heavily> We jump to our feet> We gun them down as quickly as possible> I throw smoke in the doorway to cover me as I revive them> Whole squad is back in action> We capture the point, set up an FOB, and hold until the game's done> We win> Best feeling in the world for me and that ally, our squad voted us MVP's> Stop reading this, if you're reading this, you're not buying, downloading, or playing Squad"
,Recommended,393380,20312103,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Skyblade,"I followed a 14 yr old into battle, squeeky voice and all. Actually one of the best SL I've played with. 8/10 Will follow squeeky voice into battle again."
76561198140831282,Recommended,393380,23943166,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Menses,This game is not an arcade shooterThis game is not for lone wolvesThis game is not for people who like fast paced gameplayThis game is not for people who care about K/DThis game is for people who communicate
76561198033962898,Recommended,393380,19793411,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,mlg_grandad,"> Be me> Trying to capture a town> Entire squad is dead except medic buddy> Talking with medic to figure out how to not die> See something land next to us> Medic in calmest voice ever> ""That's a grenade.""> I look at it> Equally calm> ""Uh-huh.""> We are turned into red paste10/10 would become desensitized to impending death again"
,Recommended,393380,32835837,Posted: 26 June,all,disco,"Like Arma 3 except you don't have to pretend it's fun.EDIT: I can't remember where I heard this, but I found it so true as a casual milsim player. If you're an ""Arma-Lite"" (KOTH, DM, etc) player, then this absolutely applies to you. However, it's *not* a replacement for true milsim operations. Instead, it's a great distillation that cuts Arma's clunkiness & excess for honed-in sub 1-hour experiences."
76561197991692340,Recommended,393380,26452060,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Togisan,"After playing aproximetely 1200 hours , it 's time to review this superb game especially while it is starting to shine after V8 patch..Preliminary Requirements:The game is team based , tactical FPS in short..If you want to be an alone wolf please stay away this game..Go for CSGO, COD, Battlefield series..Please go for a team in where the language that is speaking is also spoken by you..Ask in the squad as soon as you attached..If not , leave the squad..While you're in a squad, you have to talk and to listen, so to have a headseat with a mic is a necessity..If you have team based thinking with right equipment, you're ready to play this game..The game:There is no alternative except old wolf PR..This game will be better..The communication is very intense, I haven't seen any other game yet that I can say..This game is based on the plans between squad leaders . If no communication or plan has been developed at start or in game between leaders, squads would be acting like headless chicken..The game would be lost easly..Attack and defend missions should be made in harmony by different squads..The error that is made too much is all squads are on attacking mission.So your team would loose your defend flag easly even against two intelligent enemy without firing any bullet..So in general, if one or two squads are attacking one flag , one other squad should be on defend flag.Thanks to developers for creating this gem, we are awaiting new suprises at upcoming patchesAfter optimization patch, This game is a blast,"
76561198018198468,Recommended,393380,22377072,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,[RIP] Misha,"Second match in the gameplaying as insurgentI look down on my feet and I notice i'm wearing flip flops into combatwe are already being overrun by infidelsI see a fellow taliban him and his glorious beard and turban, waving an rpg trying to get a lock on the non believersI go behind him, and start yelling ""taktihar, yemshimi yemshimi, Allah-akbar! Allah-akbar""he immediately picks up on it, yells ""Allah-Akbar"" and discharges that rocket launcher of hisAnd in all that excitement I totally forgot about the rpg's backblast10/10 would get blown off my flip flops from an RPG backblast while in taliban frenzy, again."
76561198009152420,Recommended,393380,19804197,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Jeremy Christ,Such a good game even in its early stages. The community is what makes this experience.
76561198269064163,Recommended,393380,23261858,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Bandit,"The timer starts, over 100 seconds before the match begins.Squads are starting to form, led by those who choose the difficult task of leading 8 men into battle.As the players pick their weapon systems, comms come alive with chatter from those within the squad and other squad leaders.This is Squad Two, what's the plan lead?Two, you've got a full squad, head to District and set down a F.O.B. in the cheesegrater compound SE of District. One will send a fire team to District to support and keep one team for F.O.B. placements around Aman Ridge/West Estate and Delta.Copy One, heading to District.One, this is Three, where do you want us?Three, until your squad fills up, capture Abzel and Hill 15. Drop a F.O.B. at the marked location in grid India-7, NumPad 1. Once capped and the F.O.B. is dropped, head into District to support Two. I'll relay when to move up to West Estate once One decaps Delta Bridge.Three copies.Good luck fellas, maintain comms, mark targets on the map. We'll have a good game.40 seconds remaining***************SQUAD LEAD! You gotta mic?!Yes, fellas, thanks for waiting. Other squads are capping the first two objectives and moving to District, I need a fire team consisting of one medic, one optic and one support class with me. The rest, head to District to support Two and Three in capping and holding district.Roger that Lead, let's do this!Finally, a squad lead who talks.. fckn a.Let's make sure to keep in contact, within reach of the medics and call out grids so I can mark targets. I need a Fire Team Leader for Team 2 at District, relay comms to him via local chat.Got it, I'll take it.Good to go. Weapon silent for my fire team unless engaged, move quick, head on a swivel.Copy, Lead.Roger DodgerAllah hu Akhbar!!!!!3 seconds remaining...*******************************Squad is in the process of evolving into the pinnacle of milsim FPS'. Even as an alpha, the gameplay and strategic processes involved in a coordinated battle between 72 individuals is as rigorous as any military themed CQC games. As new elements are introduced, such as the recent addition of new maps/and the famed Mod Deuce .50, the tactics previously used in past versions evolve to accomodate these new assets, so every month seems to bring about a new wave of ideas and strategies. New players are met with a new-player friendly game where roles are taken seriously and each individuals main purpose is to support the squad/fire team element to the maximum of their capacity. Whilst other modes highlighting talents of clan vs clan and precision on the battlefield, public games with random individuals who coordinate with each other effectively to win the game leads to a higher satisfaction of teamwork, leading to friends who will challenge you to become better and more effective on comms/gameplay/situational awareness. The graphics are amazing, and albeit the gore of wounds could leave a bit to be desired, the sounds of AK fire snapping overhead is enough for anyone to hit the dirt midsprint. I'd encourage any milsim/FPS aficionado to try Squad, spend a few hours playing each role and getting used to the dynamic of the game before stepping up the plate as a Squad Leader. For more information, find the ""JoinSquad"" subreddit for up to date news, information, FAQ, and dev responses for a feel of the amazing community behind Squad.See you on the flipside, Squaddies."
,Recommended,393380,26521222,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,RapidMadman007,"Amazing game - Community is amazing-Everyone works together-In a game, for once, people play as a TEAM-Beautiful game, runs smoothly, locked at solid frames-Realistic approach-Arma 3, without the constant setup and time-wasting, right into the action from the start-Tactical, fun and enjoyable-21 hours so far, and honestly, I'm loving every minute of it-Often play Squad lead, and it still often suprises me how helpful and friendly people are when following your orders, I mean, winning is amazing, but gotta thank the people who help make it happen :DIf you're still reading this, honestly, I suggest you buy it, ASAP. The community is amazing, everyone is helpful and toxic players are almost non existant. Can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to get any kills or even do anything at the start whilst learning, but in a few hours once you get your head around the mechanics and the way the games run, you'll be storming through fields and villages no time. Honestly, one of my favourite Tactical First Person shooters I've enjoyed playing in a long long time."
,Recommended,393380,20252712,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Riko,"UPDATE:As of 11/01/2016. The game seems great, well it is.. but when you think about how little is currently in the game, I very much do not believe for the $40 price tag that it is worth that amount in it's current stage. I believe later on when there is a lot more features that it will be worth it, but in my honest opionion I believe that you shouldn't get it right now. Especially with not even being able to do basic things, such as climbing over a wall, even sometimes a small bump can cause quite the annoyance. On top of that, the game is not yet very well optimised. So maybe buy it, play for an hour, and then you can always just get a refund. Because what you do in that hour is pretty all there is to the game in it's current stage. Don't get me wrong, I still do think that it is a great game, but there is just not yet enough in it to keep you playing but once the game is done however I think it will truely be amazing but until then, buy with care and have a good day guys! (And be sure to read my review below as it makes many other great points).ORIGINAL REVIEW:An absolutely amazing game! I can not wait for the release of vehicles! :DRating:SOUND - 10/10 - The sound design is most definitely one of the best to date.GAMPLAY - 8/10 - The gamplay can be a bit iffy at times, but with time I most definetly believe it will be one of the most immersive and realistic shooters yet. The teamplay in this game is incredible, just by jumping into a random squad filled with strangers, we all very quickly learnt to trust each other and put the our lives into the trust of our squad leader. There have also been a lot of cheaters but server admins are doing a great job of dispatching of them very quickly.TECHNICAL - 6/1O - The game runs quite well for me. I have the GTX 760 and I can run the game on the highest settings with at least 35 fps + in the most heated of battles. A key reasoning as to why I rated it a 6/10 due to the fact that if you have AMD, DO NOT get this game as of right now, until the issues have been fixed.Story Time!:I went into this thinking that it was just a game, but within moments that viewpoint forever changed.All 3 main squads ran up atop a hill and crouched down, the 3 squadleaders all came together and quickly discussed how we should proceed to attack the enemy, it was decided that Squad 1 would capture the first objective and then Squad 2 would charge the 2nd and Squad 3 (my one) would assault Objective 2 by going for a flank. After a few minutes of wandering the forest in a line formation of 9 men, many gun shots and explosions could be heard coming from the 2nd Objective, we even saw a few terrorists running past but we were given strict orders to not fire due to the risk of our cover being blown. Suddenly an enemy ran straight into us, giving us no choice but to fire, we quickly dispatched of him but in doing so we alerted the rest of the terrorist forces. Within mere moments a rocket hit the front of our squad, wiping out our squad leader as well as 3 other soldiers. Damaged by the shrapnel of the blast I crawl back to the cover of a large rock and apply bandages to my wounds, the medic beside me attempts to run over and revive the squad leader but gets popped in the side of the head from a well placed shot by an enemy sniper. Lying there, bleeding out, watching what was just moments ago an entire squad, getting wiped out in just seconds by the quickly surrounding enemy forces. the last remaining four of us throw smokes in every direction in search of a way out, an oppening, just some goddamn way to escape the hell hole. Atop of the hill a large number of terrorists can be seen running down, in a desperate attempt to get an oppening I pull out my Rocket Launcher and run out into the open drawing the fire of the opposing forces, I get hit, fire my rocket and wipe out many terrorists with 1 well placed rocket, now back in cover I attempted to reload but due to the severity of my wounds, I collapsed, bleeding out and dying beside the corpses of my fallen comrades. As I was lying there, all that could be heard were the all too realistic sounds of explosions and cracks of bullets as well as the cries and groans of the few remaining men getting hit by those very same bullets and explosives. It was at that very moment when everything changed... Was I really playing just a game? It felt all too real... Oh god, what have I done!?7/10 Would get PTSD again!"
,Recommended,393380,32825437,Posted: 26 June,all,Comrade Basil™,"> I got this game today on Steam's summer sales and played it for like 5 hours.> Connected to a server and Got into a squad on my team and they started to greet me and teaching me how to play.> The squad leader decided that since I'm a newbie I'll drive the APC and take the squad from base to the objective.> We were all joking and saying life is good and having fun during the drive.> After 5 minutes of driving, we stopped at a bridge, the squad leader told us to stop and check if there is any traps, mines... etc.> They said it is all clear so we crossed the bridge.> An IED blew up and got the APC destroyed, the rest of us who stayed alive got KIA during an ambush from the enemy team.10/10 you'll have PTSD after playing this.10/10 Community.10/10 Mosul Simulator."
76561198347369977,Recommended,393380,30865994,Posted: 31 March,all,Torched,"Amazing game. A beautiful mix of the chaos from Battlefield, but the realism of Arma. 10/10."
76561197991801091,Recommended,393380,26304552,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Archangel175,"Pros:*Currently the best teamwork based realistic tactical shooter on the market. If you're a fan of Project Reality or even ARMA, then you will be a fan of Squad.*This game is a great balance between the overly complicated controls and massive maps of ARMA and the more simplistic objective based shooters like BF4.*The pacing of the action is slower and more deliberate than other run and gun style games like CoD. The periods of action feel much more exhilarating and rewarding.*The maps are large which compliment the larger scale battles (due to increased player counts) very well. Battles can be fought on multiple fronts that are completely separated from one another.*There is a real effort made to accurately portray weapon sounds and feel in game.*The upcoming Version 8 has a lot of graphical updates and is better optimized resulting in big FPS boosts.*Devs are active and game is updated regularly.Cons:*It's an Alpha so you can expect to run into a bug from time to time and of course there is a limited amount of content available currently.*Some maps feel big empty and lifeless. Another side effect of only being an Alpha.*There are some minor balancing issues between classes. I think some of this is on purpose. It forces you to alter your gameplay style according to the faction you've chosen. Which to me is a positive since it's more realistic, but I've seen people complain in game.*For the amount of content currently available the price is a bit steep. Especially for a game in Alpha.I appreciate the slower more realistic pacing and combat of Squad. For that I give it a 9/10."
,Recommended,393380,21974748,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,visuals.Delta,">Be a medic>20 people fire fight shots coming from everywhere>Everyone shouting i need a medic>Start healing people/reviving>Grenades going off, shots over my headThis game will give you PTSD"
,Recommended,393380,33931946,Posted: 31 July,all,EmRa,I really love this game. But sadly 😢 I can't play it anymore. Because I'm a real soldier right ♥♥♥♥ing now. I hope one day I back home and sit in front of my PC with this game again.
,Recommended,393380,23044444,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,MagiKDragon,"There's two types of squads.The first is as follows:""Contact! 150m, bearing 065! Pop smoke, machine gunners rapid fire! Suppress the enemy! The rest of the squad flank right up the treeline. MAN DOWN in the a.o. we need a medic! One k.i.a. We need to fall back to grid E6 keypad 4 to resupply at the F.O.B. and prepare for the next assault while Charlie and delta cover our flank.""Then there's the other type of squad.""Hello?""*silence""Hellllllloooo?""""Allah ackbar""*tk's entire squad"
76561198058946062,Recommended,393380,20270607,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,TheBurb,"-Figure out how to spawn-Run to catch up with your squad-Shoot blindly where your squad shoot-Die-Repeat-Game ends-Looking at the scoreboard, you realize you're the best in the whole team10/10 would shoot blindly again"
,Recommended,393380,28646567,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ab0ne,">Be squad leader>Tells full squad to get in APC>My driving is♥♥♥♥♥♥>2 Hop out and Capture Train station>Rest of squad go Mine and Cap it>Take APC to the fortress>Throw smokes, spray, pray and attack main door while Squad 2 attack back door>Overrun fortress>Cap fortress>Regroup both squads on top of hill>Incoming Infantry Truck>2 Squads of 9 Players all spraying full auto at the truck>Kills driver>Anti-Tank guy shoots SMAW>Truck Blows up>Both squads cheering over proximity VoIPThinks to myself, how didn't 18 people blow it up by shooting at it... Yet we killed the driver and had an AT guy to finish the jobNever heard so many ""Hell yeah"" and ""That suppression fire was insane"" in so many different accents at once9.5/10 Would Reccomend"
,Recommended,393380,26520342,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,[RedCoats] SgtHerhi,"The FPS I've waited for ever since Battlefield 2.Very shortly, Squad provides the best team-based (for the first time in the history of gaming the term ""team-based"" actually means something) FPS experience you ever have and ever will experience. Simple as that.Everyone finds their place in the game in 9-man squads consisting of a Squad Leader and 8 other kits available (do note that the Squad Leader should be a relatively experienced player for optimal experience for everyone). The game mechanics are top notch and the rounds are long (45 minutes - 90minutes) and allow for great tactics to be implemented and great victories to be had as well as crushing losses.Your personal ability to shoot matters. Your communication skills matter. Your teamwork skills matter. But you're nothing without your own Squad and getting a group from the extremely friendly community together to play as a full squad is an experience I'd pay 40€ for a single evening. But no, I'll get hundreds upon hundreds of hours and amazing moments as well as a friends with the purchase of a single bloody video game.Cons shortly:-It's an actual alpha game, there's going to be bugs and problems. Thankfully the dev team is literally the best around with practically around the clock support and communication with the community and reasonable goals for their game.-Performance is not going to be a steady +60fps unless you're on a great rig. Huge maps are very demanding it turns out.-Learning curve, it might be a tad overwhelming at first and the notion of ""the trees are shooting you"" will become very familiar but after just a few rounds you'll start picking up on how to get into the game for real. Patience!-It's a high intensity game with a lot of testosterone floating about, things are bound to get heated with the community time to time but that's part of the fun as long as you remember that it's just a game!I have 200+ games on Steam - Squad is by far the best purchase."
,Recommended,393380,19727427,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,K4on,"TheSquad Alphahas been released on Steam, and while you can have some fun with Squad,DO NOT expect a full optimized gameat this point.If you think 40$ is too much for Squad's current state, I wont disagree.I'd rather see it as an investment into the future of the game, as I trust the DEVs;You need to understand that the Squad Devs need to pay their living too. As an Indie Team, the DEVs worked on Squad without any income in the early days, and to continue the game development they are simply dependend on the community support.Get Squad Early Access if:- you like FPS games where communication and teamwork are essential (e.g. Project Reality)- you don't mind paying for an alpha game, where bugs and performance issues are a common thing.- you trust into the DEVs and want to support them on their way to create a real successor of PR.You should wait for the full version of Squad if:- you are looking for an optimized game with great content, tested gameplay and features.- -> because that is simply yet to come.SQUAD Early Access:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=580483574How do I know if I will like the final product?If you are new to the franchise Squad aims for, check out the free gameProject Realitywww.realitymod.comit is still far superior gameplay wise, and will give you a good impression of what Squad can be like in the final version.I hope my review helps you to decide wherever you should get Squad or not in the current state.If you still have any questions, feel free to post below and I'll try to reply as soon as possible.Cheers!"
,Recommended,393380,19803971,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,[SEBBRO] #AC360,"Who ever likes Battlefield,Insurgency,Arma or just the Project Reality Mod for BF2 will find himself here with one of the greatest Tactial Shooters out there in the moment."
76561197999900034,Recommended,393380,19759597,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Radical3D,It's like if they never ruined Battlefield and improved the graphics a ♥♥♥♥ ton.
,Recommended,393380,19712109,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,crocboi,American foreign policy simulator
,Recommended,393380,20274021,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,breacher,"-Walking up to objective with Squad-Moving up hill-Grenade gets tossed over hill-The whole squad stops to look at it-I quickly turn and hold down the push to talk key shouting; ""GREEEENAAAAAA-----""-Whole Squad blown up12/10"
76561197969942483,Recommended,393380,34610627,Posted: 30 August,all,[RIP] Clickmix,"Squad is like future girlfriend.You meet her.You get to know her name.You stalk her on social medias.You go on a date.You do all the small things to please her; follow her guidelines for a succesful first date, do what she tells you to do and you do it because you believe you will get satisfied later on with some action.You get to take her home with you.You kiss her.You get under her dress.You get your first handful of the action promised...And BOOM!Right when you thought things went smoothly, you get blasted with comrades shouting on the radio, mortars exploding all over, machinegun fire from your left, vehicles on fire to your right and a Squadleader yelling for backup from other squads.You try to get your bearings, listen to what she tells you you need to do, but in the end, you die from the sheer thrill of getting some action.When you finally come to yourself, you are exhausted.You leave her alone for some hours, but in the end you think to yourself: ""Hey, let's do this again. This is fun!""And you die again.Please marry me, Squad."
,Recommended,393380,19781510,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Pte Kruger [1st AB],-Buy game-Get on server-Run around for two hours in the desert-get to the FOB-get shot in the head11/10 just like real war
,Recommended,393380,19783102,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,EvenGodsCanBleed,"Honest and unbiased opinion after 70+ hours (not a pr fanboy... never played it)Keep in mind this game is designed for realism so it is tailored to that crowd. Also it is still in Alpha.The Good:Squad/team mechanics - Ablsolutely love this. Rolls/weapons are limited to what you would actually find in a military unit..basically not everyone in the squad running around with light machine guns and optics (typical of arma groups).Also the ability for squads to work together and coordinate attacks is just amazeballs.Base Building (aka minecraft) - The ability to place and build a forward operating base pretty much anywhere on the map  to attack or defend is amazing. You can build items from hesco barriers to tire walls and even bunkers. Some people have gotten extremely creative with this ^^Maps/Enviroment - Most of the current maps are expansive with a lot of different areas to discover. For those who have served overseas this game does a pretty good job of making you feel like you are actually over there. I know a few people who are Afghan vets that can vouche for the accuracy of content.The Devs - These guys are awesome. They actually play matches with their fans and listen to what imput they have on the game to make it better.Ammo - For once I found a game that doesnt automatically refill ammo on used magazines. Say you have two magazines on you. You get into a fight and use 27 out of 30 rounds after which you reload. That second magazine will only have three rounds left when you reload again. Also it does not have a ammo count anywhere on your hud.. make sure you keep track or you will run out when you need it most =)NO THRID PERSON OR CROSSHAIR!!!! - Great for hardcore gamers!The Bad:Sound - While the sound of the weapons are close to accurate, there are currently a lot of glitches or dead spots where you lose all sound for a period of time. Also, there are delays in footsteps from your own character. (example: you are running and it sounds like your footsteps are way off behind you or in some other location. It should sound like you running not someone else)Level Detail - Keep in mind this is a realism game so in order to facilitate this, they dont have as much detail as you normally would in a AAA title. That being said, the lack of objects or copy paste of certain areas does get kinda old.Maps - this is suppose to be a realism game but there are no elevation markers of any kind on the map =/Weapon balistics - little to no bullet drop, recoil is off on several weapons. (basic rifles have more kick than LMG on full auto - mind you this is in any position)Vehicles - They have been taken out of the current build in order to make sure they are up to par with the rest of the game, however it does tend to make this feel somewhat of a walking simulator at times.The Price - I do feel it is somewhat high for its current content.Its Alpha - falling through the map, random kicks from server - lost connectionThe Ugly:IF you run AMD/ATI you will likely not be able to play this game at all or have severe gamebreaking issues if you do.They know about this and are currently working on the issue - Unknown timeframe.All in all I would rate this game (as an alpha) a 3.8 out of 5 stars.That being said. I do recommend it if you like this style of game. Hope to see you on the battlefield soldier ^.~"
76561198275290105,Recommended,393380,30613149,Posted: 19 March,all,FiLtHy_ThE_DaWg,"This game saved me from giving up gaming for good .. its not  as tech as Arma and if you think you are king of COD then this game will kick your butt big style . The noob will spend most of his time trying to stay alive, dont think you'll survive out there on your own either, you need to be in a squad and work as a team or you'll die pretty quick."
,Recommended,393380,29738446,Posted: 6 February,all,Joker San,Walks 2 miles to flank enemy position.After 15 minutes of just radio chat we start engaging.Everyone in my squad is dead.I'm scared as F*We use teamwork + Radio to win the fight.Guys from other squad comes to help us.An BTR playing the Russian Anthem comes with infantry.They save the day and we push.09/10 - Is this really an ALPHA Game??Awesome game for people who loves realism and teamwork.
,Recommended,393380,28295179,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,*=IMA=*ALPHA17,"SQUAD is one of the few titles in the market that can at a glance make the internet look like a good place. Sure you will find the outliers in every case but most of my brief interaction within the game has been with genuinely good persons who want to share and help the lowest level players reach a level of proficiency and skill that they can shoot stuff but contribute to the teams functioning.At its most basic, SQUAD is a tactical FPS borne out of Project Reality MOD scene. It bridges the gap between small scale intense games like INSURGENCY and the bombast of AAA titles like BattleField with the essence of mechanics that are only to be found in titles like ARMA without the complexity of the same. This means,You need to coordinate, from an individual level all the way to SQUAD (pun intended) levelYour effectiveness in combat cannot be assessed by your K/D, or your weapon accuracy or what rank of Colonel you have reached, you need to cap points, defend said points, play your equipped roleAll the resources on the map at your disposal are not so you can make epic kill montages but to best serve the tactical disposition of your teamLearn to assess situations depending on what is going on around you. SQUAD does not give you a bajillion UI elements cluttering your view to feed you information, you need to pull up the map, hear out for vehicles and personnel (and discerne IFF on the fly), engage or disengage and most importantly pass all this information on as efficiently as possibleThe visuals presented in game are rich and well detailed keeping in mind what OffWorld Industries is going for in this game, SQUAD is more focussed on the combat and not on small knick-knacks as of now, so interiors can feel bare and the lack of environmental damage deformation might turn some off but this is not that kind of a shooter.Another point where the game excels is its soundscapes, guns, RPG's, vehicles and the accompanying orchestra of war has been beautifully done. Everything has a reverb to imply weight, weapons have a sharp firing sound accompanied by a follow on report which is something completely absent or muted in other shooters which gives a good sense of depth to the ongoing carnage that is being unleashed. All this accompanied by some of the most sombre OST work. Hats off you guys, you really nailed this out of the park.This game is not feature complete so there are things that are being patched in almost on a weekly basis, new loadouts are being added, there is a small selection of vehicles (mostly focussed on transport and logistics) and the devs do not plan to add vehicles like fighter-bomber jets. As of v 0.8, the game runs pretty acceptably on my Core i5 4690kAMD RX480 while installed on a SSD. I have had a couple of CTD's but that is to be expected from a title that reads EARLY ACCESS.As time goes on, I see the community of SQUAD being a perennialy small band of players without the capacity to mobolise the numbers you see from established shooter franchises but this is a good thing as this community in my interaction has shown itself to be made up of mature voices who are genuinely in the game for a good time and some serious fun.Overall, if you are someone who wants to have a good time, with mature players and simply cannot access that in a modern military shooter franchise like BattleField please do check out SQUAD, if not via direct purchase, you can get into the action come next free weekend or discount run.I would not recommend this game if you are into run-gun multi-players, arcade shooters or just want a casual match which lasts for ~10 minutes on average, every match is a significant time investment of an hour or so. This does not by any means imply you are a casual gamer but simply that you have a different set of criteria to enjoy in your games."
76561198068520584,Recommended,393380,21016019,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Audiophile,Update: amd cpu. well ♥♥♥♥ you your not gonna play for♥♥♥♥♥♥Only complaint is when your playing with friends joining servers is hell. i wish there was a grouping at main menu to get your friends in.
,Recommended,393380,33823964,Posted: 26 July,all,KaiSforza,"If you want a semi-realistic military shooter that doesn't devolve into a walking simulator, then this is the game for you.The price is steep, but if this style of game interests you, it is worth it.The gunplay is crisp, the player-made positions make every game different, it looks amazing, and it punishes people that don't play with the team.Join a squad, make some friends."
76561198135544415,Recommended,393380,19735711,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,RabbitDarko,"I never played Project Reality, But I was a 11B  SGT in the US ARMY who deployed to both Iraq and Afghanistan. I also love and still consider ARMA 3 to be one of the closest games to actual combat. I also enjoy Insurgency, and every now and then a bf4 game or too. I can play COD but I dont enjoy it or get the AWE factor I did seeing something like a building go down in BF4 or seeing 4 tanks roll by you. The audience was broad, and usually immature. I fell out of love with COD.  Now that you know my taste, if I sound similiar to you, then maybe this will help you.I have only seen 72 player servers at the moment. I have an i74790k OC'd to 4.9ghz with a GTX980 ASUS MATRIX PLATINUMN gpu. I get FPS drops but its still to high to care...That being said I have heard my ENTIRE squad at one time go ""WTF is going on im getting 10fps or 25fps"" so there is clearly an issue with the majority of players and optimization. That is my only comment there. MY rig is too powerful to be effected., but have noticed alot of others with optimization issues, especailly AMD at the moment.Graphics: I still think Arma 3 looks better, But this game is a a close second place. Other games that are graphically better: Dying light, battlefront (DUH) lol, Elite dangerous, and COD. Games on par with it...insurgency is a close 2nd to it.. Games weaker then it: Rainbow six siege, CS:GO, Dayz, H1Z1,  Graphically this game outshines all others in 1 area, TRACERS!!! When that flash of green or red flies past your face and hits the tree next to you, be ready for some memories if your'e a fellow vet. Some of the maps resemble Afghanistan very well, qualats, and the clay walls by dirt roads brings back some memories. Similiar to the insurgency level for those that played, but better done and clearly bigger. There are also urban maps that resemble smaller villages, I havent seen a baghdad style city yet :/  There are also battles done at night.Gameplay: As of right now, there arent any vehicles, its 72 players for most servers. I havent seen a single 100 man server so if I cant continuosly log on and find a 100 player server and always play with that amount then I cant say its 100 players yet, I can always find 72 player games. So 36 men per team from BF4's 32men at the moment, and without those helicopters and tanks man is it alittle more quiet and not as chaotic. It may be more players at the moment but it does not really feel like it compared to all thats going on in say BF4. Everytime I join a squad there are enough people with mics to actually do something. I have not found a silent squad yet. Squads are in groups of 9. The squad leader can set fortifications or ladders things of that nature and the squad pulls out their e-tools and create it. Neat concept.The thing that will make this game so likeable is you guys. All the squads are talking, improvising, planning, covering their teammates, it can be thrilling, but and dont hate me here for this BUT to me it feels more like 9v9 all over the place instead of 36v36 or even the mysterious 50v50 servers???  SO what you have is that insurgency style gameplay where your team of 9 maybe 12 if randoms are there try to hold a spot or objective from another team of 9 or 12, then a couple hundred yards away is the same thing at another objective, rinse, wash, repeat, it never feels like one massive battle...I like a massive battle, bf4 feels like a massive battle. I was imagining that when it said 50v50, but it doesnt. bf4 feels like more then 64 players. This game is going to make everyone meaningful to their team. Not feel like mindless clones charging into a fray for awe factor. It will feel like 36 to 50 US Marines in a valley. Where everyones life feels like it matters. Its a cool game design over watching helicopters, tanks and jets explode all around you every 2mins. feels more personal on the SQUAD level. lolThis is more realistic in a sense,  we dont fight in bf4 style battles at the moment, we arent losing tanks and aircraft left and right in dog fights etc etc etc.  There are a few moments where everyone does kinda collide and when it happens OH MY GOD.  2 squads defending against 3 squads on a hill side with buildables...yea its fun. But its not constantly like that. So this game is closer to real life, in that aspect theres a good bit of running and camping or in the new age we call defending lol to be had.. However real life isnt always jaw dropping and intensly fun like the first 1hr you played of star wars battlefront before you got bored. There is alot of fun to be had working with your team, but its just never going to give you an awe factor. Rainbow six siege didnt give me an awe factor, but i still LOVE it.There is also a commander who issues orders to the squad leaders and unlike BF4 failed attempt with tablet commander, there does seem to be a rank structure...Verdict... Start clans, get atleast 18 friends or more in a single match together. That way when squad bravo is under fire and you hear it you might actually debate going to their aid because you know them. Something like that, make your own immersion. If you are alone, put your headset on anyway, you will have a friend before the first round is over.I recommend the game, Just...heres the thing, 40 dollars isnt worth this game today. It really isnt, but mid 2016, I think 40 would be fine. So I say if you got the cash, go ahead an get it. I have a very strong feeling these guys are going to deliever on an awesome game. I really feel this wont end up a broken promised alpha. The game has been availble on steam for 24hrs so far, Im sure they are going to have performance issues... It hasnt been a week, a month...God when I got a ps4, and BF4 (day they came out) I could only play single player for the first 72hrs as the PSN was swamped by people trying to enter digital codes, make new accounts etc etc. Can we give these guys alittle more then 24hrs after their launch here to get it straight? cool.lastly Sound: Your voice will sound different to those around you depending on where you are. Guys had a richer voice with an echo in a tunnel, while flat or normal out in the fields. Guns sound different indoors, and at different distances. Theres a radio/ comms click each time you talk to your guys or someone comes over the radio. This game to me at its current state is essentially a slightly better version of insurgency, and if you took several insurgency games going on and combined the severs to into 1 bigger sever. lol so I hoped this helped."
,Recommended,393380,33187752,Posted: 3 July,all,Twiistz,"Squad is the perfect blend between combat realism and arcade fun.If you ever played a modern FPS, you will expect to experience the following things: unbalanced weapons, inaccurate hitboxes, cheap unrealistic headshots, broken spawnpoints, and virtually no teamwork. Squad fixes all of these problems with it's superbly balanced combat and communication systems. You will no longer experience across the map headshots, or single players wiping out your entire team.At the same time, with such combat realism, you are at risk off dying at any second. For me this makes the game fun and rewarding. When you get a kill, flashy text doesn't pop up on screen. The enemy simply falls to the ground. Because of the realism, firefights are more dangerous and intense, as you can get hit at any time by a stray bullet. You can bleed out from that if you aren't patched up, and will remain at a lowered health until you get healed by a medic. There is no health regeneration.Communication - is the most important thing. Unlike games like Battlefield, where you have pointless roles and no communication with other squadmates. In Squad you must communicate in order to know what to do. To help make it easier, the game has three built in channels (Squad Radio, Promixity Chat, and Command Line) which you can use to coordinate attacks. Squadmates follow the orders of the Squad Leaders, who themselves have important key roles that are essiental to achieve victory. Playing as a Squad Leader is almost completely different. You have a responsiblity to lead your Squad into combat, set up Forward Operating Bases (FOB), set rally points (limited spawn points), and more.Spawning in Squad - can be fustrating at first if you don't understand how the game works. As you become familiar with the game, you will learn how to avoid long walks across the map. You cannot spawn on squadmates like Battlefield. Or spawn at random locations across the map.Capturing objectives - is also another great part of Squad's gameplay. In the most common gamemode, Advance and Secure(AAS), your team must not simply capture a flag or single spot on the map, but entire towns. As a team you must go from building to building, clearing the area of enemies. This makes the game more strategic, as enemies cannot camp at the objective. With this system you can have enemies controlling the North Side of town and friendies controlling the South. A recipe for intense fire-fights.Teamwork - in Squad works within a chain of command. Squadmates can communicate with their Squad Leader (SL), fellow squadmates, and nearby friendlies. SL are the the only ones who can communicate with other SLs. A great example of teamwork in Squad, is setting up a mortar team. Mortar Teams are deadly and effective, if done correctly. To set up an effective mortar team, first the SL needs to place a FOB, Squadmates need to do supply runs to stock up the FOB, after that the SL can place down Mortars which any teammate can use. Mortars can hit targets 1000s of Meters away, so they rely on other SLs to place target markers, and relay information (coordinates, estimated range) to your SL, who then relays that information to you."
,Recommended,393380,20136346,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,JaguarUSF,"Squad finds a sweet spot between the accessibility of Battlefield and the finickiness of ArmA. Working with a good squad that communicates produces excellent gameplay moments. Large maps and deployable defenses (and, soon, vehicles) allow for varied tactics."
,Recommended,393380,24246343,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,내일 봐,"*Update for latest release*Almost all of the negative points I had made below can be considered null, especially with the addition of vehicles. I would also like to point out, I was indeed wrong about bullet drop entirely, and it is quite a factor in the game.Now, with the addition of vehicles, the game has become class, especially the artillery. It's terrifying to be holding an enemy outpost, capturing it after decimating the Squad - before the recent updates, you knew there was going to be a counter-attack before you could successfully capture the point, it was only a matter of time when. Now, you hear the vehicles rolling up, or the sound of an artillery barrage about to land on your head, and it's absolutely f**** terrifying. 10/10.--------------------------------------------------------I don't regularly write reviews - but I figured I would make the effort for this game for several reasons, namely that it's an alpha or early access game, it's price is over the $40 mark, and .. it's really good. Most of my FPS experience lays with games like RO2, Rainbow Six, Day of Defeat, and so on.Having said that, and moving onto Squad - this game meets my expectations and then some, and as far as I know (though I may be wrong) they are only on the seventh version, with vehicles coming in at the end of the month. The community is as good as a FPS can get - and I say that coming from RO2 which at the end of the day, on the right servers has some great folks playing. The more experienced players are willing to help with the learning curve (and trust me, there is one), and the newer players tend to listen. The graphics are.. well, Unreal Engine 4, which as someone who's developed on, I may have a bit of  a bias for, but they are phenominal. I run around high settings and am getting about 50fps on a a 960 GTX and an i7 intel processor - so the game runs well enough with the right equipment, and I haven't yet had frame rate or stuttering issues outside of some server lag when connecting to overseas servers.Pros:Intense- the firefights are insane. Coming from R02 I was worried I would be less than thrilled - the bullet supression in that game, and the general sense of fear when you were being shot at compounded with the system of heavy breathing and fear they designed for that game was great - HOWEVER, Squad just does it better. How? Thanks to UE4's capability to create sound thresholds and dynamic noises fairly easy - the sheer amount of firepower, explosives and bullets whizzing off in every direction, coupled with a surpression system that does a good job of mixing a ""blurred"" screen with that feeling of anxiety just makes for amazing firefights.Teamwork- I get that this is sort of something to be judged on a case by case basis, and everyone's experiences vary, but in general the people who take squad lead positions tend to be communicative, as do the squad members. The ability to kick troublemakers from squads also helps. There's rarely any hesitation to listen to SL's, even when it means switching roles (I've many times seen people switch out of preferred roles to play the SL's asked role), which might seem petty to some but.. let's be honest, this wouldn't happen in many others games.Teamwork II-  I'm using a second point for this because I feel it needs to be seperate - the teamwork is outstanding when the interplay between squads connects, and you have 2 or 3 different squads linking up to attack or defend, flank or what have you an enemy position. The way it's broken down requires you to listen to your SL, as only SL's can talk among eachother, but squad members can't talk to other squad members unless they're local. (Again, the sound threshold, it's really cool to hear people's voices moving closer and further away, or to hear another squad yelling as you approach in combat. Also creates the need for ""radio silence,"" which all IMO lends to the immersion.)Base Building- Really fun to set up FOB's, (forward operating base) and then lay down the ""deployables,"" sandbags, bunkers with weaponry, ammo caches, etc. etc. The way the squad lead sets up rally (spawn) points or FOBS (also spawn points) is crucial to the capture or defense of certain points - vulernable to the enemy and can completely change the outcome of a match. Fortification of places is great, and the freedom to make your moves as you see fit allows for an open world sort of feel to it - maybe fortifing the hill overlooking the town is better than taking the town itself?Map- The map is HUGE.  Regardless of whether you are in an Eastern European countryside or the poppy fields of Afghanistan - the scale is phenominal. The variety is great, the scenery, landscape, shrubbry, everything looks beautiful. *This works into the cons later, but in a super minimal way.Animation- Sound - Models: Gun models are top notch, the sounds are accurate, realistic and scary as hell when you're getting shot at.Community- Populated servers, I'm N/A and there is several servers that run with great low-ping. I also often find Euro servers and the ping is acceptable as well, which really means it's a playable game 24/7. Tons of people on.Matches are based on tickets- This is great, because it really makes the medic role important. Medics HAVE to stay alive with their squad, and do their best to keep their squad members alive for the duration of their mission - all on limited supplies. (Each troop is equipped with bandages to stop the bleeding, only medics have med bags however.) The fact that the matches are based on not only objectives but tickets also stops people from constantly dying and respawning - along with the size of the map. It's often times more beneficial to you, your squad and your team to wait it out until a medic arrives.Role diversity and autonomy- This goes along with the open world, but there are many many different options for winning, that at the end of it are only determined by the abilities of the squads on your team. There are no set ""objectives"" outside of capturing towns or depleting the enemy - so the methodology of how your team goes about doing that is completely up to you. Often times, you'll have SL's coordinated, and have several squads split off for defense, several for attack, several for recon, so on and so forth - it's a unique experience to play a game with as many others as this one, and have that level of coordination and planning.Cons-Note, these are all issues related to the fact that it's an early build, and are certainly not game breaking issues by any means.Server browser- the server browser can be a little wack sometimes, and show a lot more empty servers than servers with anyone playing. Having said that, a few refreshes generally always gets me a good server.  -UPDATED- MUCH, MUCH better!Friends- playing with friends can be tedious because of the above issue, and the fact that ""join friends game"" through steam currently doesn't work. (Again, I'm sure this will be resolved), so right now it's a matter of ""What server are you on?"" which really isn't a hassle.Map size- I don't really want to put this a con, but some people complain anyways. The map size is huge, and with no vehicles it takes some time to traverse. (The first vehicles are coming at the end of July, so this will be an invalid point soon.)Other pointsLearning curve- This game has a bit of a steep learning curve. Its not your usual FPS in the sense that, you can somehow zoom in with your eyeball 10 miles and see a dude laying on a hill. (Unless you have an ACOG.)Buy this game, and feel free to add me! Hope to see you in game!"
76561198067321113,Recommended,393380,19888636,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Neun,you know the community is good when your playing the terrorist side and you dont hear five year olds screaming ALLHU ACKBAR down their mic
,Recommended,393380,24814359,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,CruiseCTRL,"Relax guys, it's in Early Access.After seeing so much drama about Squad, I decided it'd be high time to write my review of the game. It seems like people don't understand what Early Access entails and are new to development cycles, especially from a 10-man team.OverallThis game is amazing. Flat, plain, and simple. The firefights, strategic team coordination, and the outstanding authenticity it brings to the genre. All very impressive. Squad is no ordinary shooter, nor does it forgive easily. With that being said, it is probably the best shooter I have played and definitely the best squad-based game I have played.Early Access complaintsIf you have paid attention to the game, whatsoever, you would know that vehicles were just added. They have been trying to add them since the first quarter of this year. Their issues about adding them into the game are similar to earlier this year with lag being introduced with the vehicles and crashes being logged. I do not mind crashing every now and again, as I go ahead and throw up those logs to the developers so they can fix the game. This is Early Access. It basically allows you to see the game in the snapshot it is currently in. As a 'tester', it's advised that when you crash, you send your logs to the developer. If you have an issue, most likely someone else is having the same issue on the forums. That's why Discussions exist. Go check them.Another issue I've seen is people complaining about trolls and toxic environments. Now, in my 130+ hours of this game, I've yet to see anything toxic other than Squad Leaders with no mics and hackers. Everytime I've been in a squad, it's always been helpful and inviting to PLAY AS A TEAM. The only time I've seen hostility, and that's from my own personal experience as a squad leader, is when people think it is okay to be a smart♥♥♥♥♥or ""troll"" the squad leader or commands. You are not a one-man army. You will get killed. And you are definitely going to experience a lot of intense moments where you wished you listened carefully. People who♥♥♥♥♥♥around will be kicked, patronized, or all together booted from servers. I do not own servers, but definitely have seen ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who TK or act like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s get booted.ProsThe best squad gameplay there is.Tight, fluid gameplaySquad-promoting benefitsNumerous classes and styles of play to choose fromVehicles!Buildable FOBs (Bases)HardcoreRewarding gameplayConsEarly Access bugs (EAB)(EAB) Vehicles causing lag or crashes(EAB) Server Browser isn't fully working. Steam Server Browser does!(EAB) Certain sides guns are unbeatable {US definitely has an edge on everyone}After thoughtsNot for those that are looking for CoD / BF / CS gameplay. Squad is shaping up to be the true PR successor and I can't wait to see what it holds in the future. Beyond the crashes, glitches, and current state of affairs, Squad is extremely fun. That's why I don't mind going through crashes. I get to send the logs to the devs who can see what's wrong. I try things to see if any one fix works. If it doesn't, I get to at least report and help development out.Thanks Squad Devs!"
,Recommended,393380,27816637,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,[SFW] 57,"PROS-98.9% Adult Community and non-toxic players-admins on the server helping to ban or clear those toxic players-Tatical FPS-Requires teamwork , 100% impossible for solo or lone rangers ( please shoo if you want solo game )-You can show your leadership skills and others will follow ( unless your not a leader , being a follower is crucial too )-everyone has a role to play , even for the most basic kit rifleman-balance game where limited kits for each role-Real life maps-realism Shooter gameCons ( all minor issues , soon be solve )-issues with the iron sights ( m203 )-some minor glitchesRight now , waiting for new updates and content to make this game awesome"
,Recommended,393380,19780614,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,=BoB=BreizhoO,"Insurgency had sex with Project Reality, ArmA, Red Orchestra, Darkest hour, Resistance and Liberation in a massive gang bang !I d pay to watch that !!"
76561197962746178,Not Recommended,393380,25281150,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,cat,"This game is proof how early access makes developers lazy. They got paid early (kickstarter + early access) and are now dragging their feet, with vehicles being half a year late and causing constant crashes for over a month now.They sold over 200 000 copies, which equals 7 400 000 €. Even after taxes they are sitting on several million € and all that they have to show for is a few grey maps?The game still has severe issues:1. The server files have a backdoor. A server host company (NFO) found it. Asking the developers about that got my forum account removed, complete with all my posts deleted.2. After vehicles were introduced, severe crash bugs appeared that are still not fixed. Telling the developers about these issues causes reactions from them pretending they are not there to outright bans or complete account removals. So while the game crashed reliably on servers with vehicles for 80% of players, the developers spent time going to gamescom, then wrote an ""update"" describing how they need rest from the hard work they supposedly did.3. The maps are still very sterile. Most are barren moon landscapes with mininmal amount of assets. Some of which cause severe performance problems on very powerful hardware.4. Gameplay is very repetitive and devoid of variation.5. Complete lack of progress on everything, new assets, weapons, factions, map quality being the worst problem.6. Hosting a server requires the admin to undergo a degrading process where your server is constantly monitored by the developers and is forced to allow them developer access. If you refuse that, your server ends up on the ""custom server list"", and the main menu clearly hints at players to avoid these servers.The developers do not get to tell a server admin how to run his own server which he pays for with his own money.Added on 22.09.20167. Compare screenshots of the current maps in the game from September or October 2015 with current ones. A mapper and model artist working 8 hours a day for a year should have been able to produce far more than what is shown. But of course they already have the money so why hurry? Most developers can now pay their rent for half a decade from the units sold and they have no more incentive to work hard.8. To be fair, there are some good things too. The weapon animations are  of astoundingly high quality and can rival some commercial games in detail. Also secondary animation features like the weapon swaying with the view direction is very fine-tuned. And weapon sounds range from acceptable to great. Which is a sharp contrast to the hilariously low-end production quality of maps."
,Recommended,393380,21632722,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Rattlesnake8,"Pro's:- Intense firefights.- Focus on realism.- Friendly and helpful community. New players are welcomed and others will help you to learn.- Easy to learn controls.- Great netcode. Play with people all over the world with a lot of players in game and no lag.- Huge maps.- Extreemly polished for an alpha version of the game. I have found very little bugs.- Buildable defenses.Con's:- You will spend a lot of time walking/running around with your squad. This isn't a fast paced FPS so if you are wanting that then this isn't the game for you.- Huge maps. Some might not like the size of the maps since it means more walking, however I find them to be perfect as it means flanking is more of an option. Map size also won't be an issue once vehicles have been added.Overall, this game is easily worth the $40 which seems to be the reason so many are holding off buying the game. It is very polished for an alpha version of the game. The community is friendly and helpful (probably due to the price tag as it's less likely that griefers will spend that much just to get banned). Servers also have active admins who ban people for mass tk's or cheating. Plenty of full servers and no lag.If you are a fan of military sims, or enjoyed Arma/Insurgency then this is a must buy! I see myself sinking a ridiculous amount of hours into this game, especially since the devs have big plans and have made some great updates since I picked it up. 10/10"
,Recommended,393380,20981189,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,123,"I'm a shooter. Even in real life I love to go shooting. I've played a lot of Arma, DayZ, Battlefield, Verdun.. You name the FPS and I bet I've played 1k hrs of it.What really caught me in this game, was the sounds. This game felt very familure in traveling to Arma, and DayZ.. Walking quietly through the woods, stop to take a smoke break.. hear a twig break in the trees and then all hell breaks loose after 20 minutes of strategically walking through a Forest. Nothing more caught my interest than the sounds of those bullets whizzing and crackling by my head. The sheer adrenaline I got from hearing those bullets told me my investment into this Alpha was well worth the ticket price.The Objectives feel sort of like the Battlefield aspect of the game, with a bit of a twist. If you don't have great communication with your other Squad Leaders of what objectives to take and defend, a game can easily sway into the enemies favor. This is where communication and co-ordination is key. Knowing where to have your squad.The Environment is beautiful. Every map puts you into the geographical immersion. From the color of the sand, to the fields of poppy, and beyond the teasing fields of sweet sweet Mary Jane. Every map is satisfying.Now, to the guns.. the guns.. oh my the friggin awesome guns. I myself have not personally shot all of the guns in this game in real life. However the guns I have shot, the guns in game.. they feel 90% real. I say 90% because the other 10 is feeling the heat, smelling the gunpowder, getting the nice bruise from holding on too tight after a few spontanious 10 round sprays, ect. Things you cannot replicate in a game. Other than that, this game has covered all realistic aspects of the weapons by far. They feel oh so sweet, oh and the best way to get an annoying squadmate to stfu.. is to lay down a good suppressive fire and suppress their useless communication with overburdened sounds of gunfire.If you are a FPS enthusiast.. If you like feeling achieved after confirming a kill, the right way.. by walking up and making sure that enemy is dead with a swift double tap. If you have played Arma, Battlefield, Red Orchestra.. any Military style shooter. Make sure your Mic works, and get SQUAD!EDIT IN- 5/15/2016 Ok so I feel like a bit of a dummy, I've been playing Squad without even realizing it had a great history, with plenty of players who all enjoy the old version. I found out about Project Reality @realitymod.com- I've been playing this FREE mod for a week or so now, and wow! After playing Squad and visiting Project Reality I am very excited to see the development of Squad turn into Project Reality V2!If you really want to try out Squad, but don't want to fork out the money for EA, try out Project Reality, if you end up liking that.. Then you'll end up loving Squad by the time it is finished.Wow what a game! What a Gem to find on the internet. Wish I would of known about PR a long time ago!These are the games that put you right into the helmet. Don't miss out on it."
,Recommended,393380,28655317,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Ante,"I've put over 18 hours into this game within 3 days!Pros & cons for me:+Graphics+Map design & the size of the maps+Class system+Game modes+Weapons+Vehicles+Sound+Realism/physics+Movement system (the gameplay is very responsive and not at all clunky like in arma)+Performance: My setup i7-6700k, GTX 1070 Strix, SSD, 16gb ram. (Epic/Ultra settings) fps between 55-144, avg 70fps.This game makes almost every player play way more tactically than they usually would, which leads to a more immersive experience, it's not like in arma when you can run around for 30min or 1hour without a fight, in this game you WILL get into action in just 5-10minutes, and I love that little ""beep"" sound when you speak through the microphone, and that you can talk in the close area with everyone that's not in your squad.And you actually have a shovel that you can build stuff with to barricade you and your squad with if your squad leader & you guys need to.The weapons have a really nice kick to them and the sounds is really accurate.Your pulse will rise when you getting shot at! you'll hear the crack from the bullets hitting near you and then the sound from the firearms, you will actually get an adrenaline rush from this game, Hell you might even get PTSD from it!-cons, what cons? please you tell me?I know it is in early access but it is a full and completely functional game!Always people playing it and full servers (EU)But Hey! I'm not a professional reviewer but this is how I see it! :)10/10!"
,Recommended,393380,26553126,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,[OMBD]robbie,"Ive played this game for a while. Ive seen it change to the better in every patch. But what remains from start is what made me keep playing, and that is the teamwork aspect of the game!This game is all about communicating and working together to eliminate enemy forces and gaining the tactical advantage. You constantly have to adapt and if you play the same map several times it will never be played the same way, because people always come up with new strategies.There is a hardcore community behind this game keeping it free of cheaters and teamkillers. Organizing events and keeping the atmosphere of the game to the highest quality.The developing team surprised me to be open and friendly to the community. They actually listen to peoples experiences and do their best to incorporate that into their own vision of the game. So its a constant trade of information and Ive never felt such trust in a game developing studio before.If you like this review, give it a thumbs up.And remember.. What we do in Squad, echoes in eternity !!- Robbielius OMBDius, Commander of the northern legions, Loyal servant to the true squadleader [OMBD]Deathwisher !"
,Recommended,393380,34044275,Posted: 5 August,all,MIRVen-131,"SQUAD is not for everyone. Its a game where patience and skill account for absolutely everything AND nothing at all. No mater how good of a player you are you will:-get shot-be fragged-eat mortars for breakfast, lunch and dinner-be TK'ed even though theres a colored name above friendly's-get into a Transport rollover-get into a Transport ambush-get into a Transport that has no idea where to go-have firefights that never end-have firefights that you thought were over-have firefights that were just you TK'ing-you'll get pinned down-get yelled at-get made fun of-meet new people-discover how marijuana is grown-know what it's like to finally get an M16 after handeling Ak-'s for three matches in a row-learn to keep digging until the animation stops-enjoy long sprints threw open fields and rustic forest towns-never ralley up with your squad before the game ends if they are on the opposite side of the map-learn to love medics-learn why it's not cool when you move WHILE THEIR HEALING YOU!-be given an order but look like a jack♥♥♥♥♥with his thumb up his butt (to the other players)for your first few rounds-be a Rifleman because if you suck then you'll get flak for it (literally).-also probably rage quit because you died for the 12th time and you still have no idea whyButt seriously, SQUAD really has nothing in common with the Battlefield series aside from the Conquest mode (and the aesthetics but thats irrelevant). Straight up theres no custimizing your load out. You pick a kit and you use it. And if your squad doesn't have enough players then you wont get access to all the kits...so join a squad! However, SQUAD's version of BF's Conquest is like 5 times as big. But other wise the actual gameplay is totally different. For example, just popping one smoke grenade takes like 3 seconds. And if you get shoot you Bleed, and you Bleed. And Bleed. And Bleed. And no you cannot respawn. Thats not cool. Because unlike Tickets in the BF games Tickets are the only saving grace your Team has. And unlike BF Conquest, Conquest in SQUAD forces you to cap flags. And that means it can become a huge cluster-♥♥♥♥ real quick. In BF you run around and have fun. In SQUAD one Team can sweep up the map and take superiority quicker then two jiggles of a jack rabbits♥♥♥♥♥ The Flag Capping rate is also very sloooooooooooooooooooooooow. And you NEED to have as many people on a Capture Point as possible. Less people means more capping time. In BF4/1 a single soldier can cap a flag relatively quick compared to in SQAUD. In fact I think you need a (alu)minimum player presence on the flags to even cap them at all.In summery, SQUAD is realistic so don't play it(aka waste your money)if your a COD or BF kinda player. If you like ARMA and BF and want something in bettween. Then I think SQUAD might be something you'll play. The effects are awesome BTW. Theres no dynamic destruction or IN-YO-FACE explosions!! But you'll taste the bullet debris!"
,Recommended,393380,31241755,Posted: 19 April,all,[SFW]Wolger,"Squad excels in the areas where ARMA didn't: multiplayer/PvP, CQB, netcode on a better game engine. In addition SQUAD tries to simplify things for user friendliness without jeopardizing the gameplay or the milsim aspect of the game: less clunkiness feel in the game control, usage of common FPS keys for control. Like how the first iOS killed off Symbian OS in mobile phone world despite latter was way far more advanced.ARMA isn't a true FPS, third person view is enabled by default or in lesser difficulty settings.I always feel 3PV is cheating.Sound effects in Squad is amazing, the best ever like the sounds of projectile echoes across the empty desert. Rifle shots, bullets ricochet feels so real.This game will simply become the best FPS out there soon, it made other tactical shooters like Insurgency feels arcadey run n gun in comparison. If TrackIR or VR is implemented and more contents are added, Squad will be the god of all FPS no kidding.Squad forced you to use your mic to communicate, to think, to strategize to come out with tactics/ideas/plans, to coordinate with other squad leaders and your squad members. It is a thinking man game, a game for matured people. If you like twitchy run n gun no depth shooters, this is not for you.The feel of having killed all enemies and captured a control point after an intense firefight: priceless and addictive.Squad runs well on my 4-year old rig: 3570K, GTX670 and 8GB of RAM."
,Recommended,393380,31736938,Posted: 13 May,all,[SFW]Laura,buy if you want ptsd
76561197987281600,Recommended,393380,21671000,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Craig ✅,">First time opening the game>joins a random game of Insurgency on Kohat Toi.>Already know the controls, super-easy.>Joins random squad, says Hi.>Squadleader freaks out like Commanding Officer StoneMountain64. (Search it up)>I grab the m249 like requested, and we move across the mountains.>Look over the hill just to check, 25+ taliban militants on the other side within 200m.>We are 5.>Run inside compound with about 18 000 rounds per minute in my direction.>Scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, now RPG's starts flying.>We sit here for about 10 minutes, cant move, dont want to look.>RPG Fire still outside, entire mountain shooting at us.>Friendly squad shows up with two M249's and an M4 with an Acog.>Entire mountain scatters and runs away, we are safe.>Decides to move back to base to resupply>Gets blown up by friendly grenade.>Look on map>We were sitting inside the Cache-compund the entire time.10/10 Should have worn my brown pants."
76561198000301992,Recommended,393380,20599055,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Sodaman,Joins Aussie server...Spawned in on the militia side at the start of the mapOne guy screams *YOU'RE NOT A REAL TERRORIST UNLESS YOU SHOOT YOUR GUN IN THE AIR*Whole team starts shooting and firing RPG's into the air screaming *ALLLAAAHH ACKBAARR*9/11 would play this amazing terrorist simluator again.
,Recommended,393380,33164562,Posted: 2 July,all,biceps always together!!,90% of players use VoIP. It's great.
,Recommended,393380,28553589,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Fentomized,"It's the ArmA game you always wanted, but never had!"
76561198211548471,Recommended,393380,30983824,Posted: 6 April,all,Shorty,The best fps game i have playe in a whileteam work is crucialbest sound effects i have ever heard in a gamevery intenese fire fightsthe satisfaction of proper team work and winning a round is pricelessget this game now !
76561198069251180,Recommended,393380,31945481,Posted: 24 May,all,laxking34,"if you want COD or CSGO do not buy. if you run and gun and 360 no scope is your claim to fame, be prepared to be sat don and repeatedly murdered. a game that takes true skill and teamork to accomplish a goal. the game is not perfect by any means. there are a few bugs and glitches. but the developers atleast release content and fix bugs. trustme if you like shooting games and dont feel challenged or hate getting killed by some 9 year old spraying and praying, then squad is for you. wait for a sale or free weekend and try it out."
,Recommended,393380,19744410,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,General Blatant,"Run for 10 minutes, yell got shot, wait 2 minutes for medic and get up and die again. Die 10 more times without seeing someone. Run through FOB and kill 3 guys who were killing the team for last 10 minutes. Ask Squad leader if hes proud of me, tells me to dig up some tires. Get shot digging up tires. 10/10 do not want to join real army."
,Recommended,393380,22485208,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Silly,"We had been surrounded by insurgent forces for at least 20 minutes. My squad of 9 soldiers, me included, had the task to defend the point at all cost. Defenses had been set up all around the compound to block all holes and unwanted entrances so that our chance of survival would be a bit higher. But when were cut off from the rest of our team and surrounded, we knew we wouldn’t survive. Luckily we had an ammo crate, because without, we wouldn’t have held out as long as we did. There were bullets and grenades coming towards us from every possible direction. Our defenses were slowly being dug up by the enemies. We frantically tried to fix them and patch up holes in the walls where we were being shot from. As stupid as I was, I had set up position in the second floor of the only house within a radius of a few hundred meters. Bullets were constantly hitting the walls and coming through the windows. I could barely move without bullets flying inches away from my face. The squad leader kept telling us that reinforcements were on their way, but we knew it wasn’t true. I could see with my own eyes as teammates trying to cross the river to rescue us were gunned down by the insurgent forces. We knew we wouldn’t hold out much longer. But suddenly, the gunfire almost stopped. The constant firing we had listened to for the last 20 minutes had turned into sporadic gunfire bursts. It was in this moment I decided to stand up and look through the window. I was wondering what had happened. And as I looked through the window. I saw a head pop up from behind a wall about 30 meters away. It took me a second to react, but it was too late. I heard the sound of a RPG firing. The rocket propelled grenade flew elegantly through the air as it came straight for me. My whole life flashed before my eyes. I knew this would be the end. But then suddenly my body decided to crouch down. The roar of the RPG clinged to my ears as it went over my head and through the window on the other side of the room. Shocked, I lied on the ground trying to figure out what had just happened. I came to the conclusion that God had decided to let me live another day. And as bullets again filled the air. I told my fellow very christian american army squadmates that the divine intervention that had just occurred was a sign that god was protecting us. We then took an unanimous decision that we were to fight our way back to our teammates who were struggling to save us. We all loaded up on ammo, and with our guns blazing, fought our way past at least 30 filthy insurgents. Killing them all. In full rambo style, and with bullets hitting the ground beneath our, and grenades exploding behind us, we finally made it over the river to fight another day.P.S.: Events in this reveiw may have been exagurated for dramatical purposes"
,Recommended,393380,20388684,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,scroggdog27,"-Buys Squad, heeding a friend's advice-Jumps into first server, made squad leader, map is designed around Afghanistan-Heart races at the detail, it LOOKS LIKE AFGHANISTAN-Rounds start cracking past face, pisses myself at the realism and sounds-Radio chatter sounds like actual radio chatter, s***s myself feeling like I'm there again-Achieves first kill, gets a major hard on-Match ends, we lose, no f***s given12/10 Forget re-enlistment, let's do that again."
,Recommended,393380,20000491,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Nuggers,"If you like a Mixture between Insurgency, RO2 and Arma 3 then you will love SquadProstactical gameplaymature audiencehelpful communityhuge mapsgood graphics♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING SOUND DESIGN !!!11!1vehicles will be added in januaryhard working devs (the devs are the guys from 'Project Reality')Unreal Engine 4Consonly EAC-System (many cheaters around since christmas but thank god for active admins)many server issues (something like fps issues or high ping problems)AMD users will have a bad timemany newbies around who teamkill alot - check out my guide:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=576230219)ResultSquad is a really good game for an EAA! It only needs some more updates to fix the minor problems. But still it's absolutley worth the money if you have a good Rig and can run it smooth."
,Recommended,393380,26098735,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,BadBacon-iwnw-,"Squad is the first shot at recreating the BF2:PR mod as an actual stand alone game. While still in early access the developement has had major leaps in the coming months bringing in vehicles ramping up the tension in wider and more open maps. With more attention to strategy rather than fast and frentetic gameplay this game sets itself apart from many mainstream shooters like Battlefield and COD. With that said it takes more after arma and or red orchestra preferring a less hyper realistic version of war to a more authentic feel. Squad takes what ARMA fails to do with it's base game alone and puts player right in the action without having to create their own missions and resources. Each game I've played soo far feels like a large scale operation and on competent severs can really enhance the overall experience. While the game does have trouble with teamkilling and bad teams it's usually a simple click away to another server to recreate the experience of absolute terror, bliss and immersion felt in other matches. With that said the game does have its fair share of issues. Optimization for one is terrible. Understandibly the game is in early access but for it to run as poorly as it does is unacceptable. As an AMD FX 8350 user who is using a superclocked CPU I don't want to have to tamper with my launch settings for the game to utilize more than one core. Even on Intel systems there is an inherent lack of optimization. Games feel laggy and a bit choppy at times. With this game being heavily CPU bound expect to have higher end specs to even run the game at it's lowest settings. Two it is incredibly glitchy. There are times where i end up clipping through objects and the floor as well as times where vehicles simply bounce off objects with no damage or inherent punishment. Furthermore the games anticheat system is virtually non-existent prompting some ridiculous scores of 80 kills and no deaths. While i will recommend the game in its current state i expect this game to improve significantly as it's development evolves with technical and gameplay issues being resolved in the near future. Buy it if you want an immersive tactical shooter that requires competency and communication."
76561198019968666,Recommended,393380,19769105,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,[WS] Edgey642,"WOW! This is the tactical PVP shooter I have been waiting for. Think Battlefield spliced with the realism and unforgiving nature of Arma (Project Reality too). Boasts 100 players on a match but most servers only have 74 or 50 player matches, but even that many people in a match brings the feel of a large scale battlefield. This is very tactical, team and co op orientated. You are going to die, ALOT, but this game makes you fear getting shot like no other. This game does not favour the lone wolf at all. You'll need to listen and follow your squad leader, like in real life. The best matches are the best coordinated ones, tactically.Also to add to that fear and immersion are probably the best rifle sounds I've heard in a game to date. I have fired weapons in real life and this is the closest to that sound I have felt, ever. As accurate as you are going to experience bar the real thing, trust me.This is the best military sim/shooter you'll find alongside Arma imo. It may seem the price is steep for early access, and I had the same reservations, but I really feel it's well worth the money. This is a very well developed early access game. Has been in closed alpha for a few months before it was released here on steam so it's had plenty of playtesting and been updated to this solid very playable and very enjoyable build. Strongly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,393380,34138644,Posted: 9 August,all,Lt. Victor,Such an accurate simulation of being in the military you might come home to somebody sleeping with your wife. 10/10
76561198043338718,Recommended,393380,29954883,Posted: 15 February,all,The Memesiah,"I'm playing as Insurgents, leading a squad of 9. I've just been on the command-only radio with the other 4 squad leaders, and we've agreed I'll take my squad right to the back of the map and run interference to stop the enemy capturing the objectives closest to their spawn until our guys haev done the same at our end. This is an unusual tactic, considering the nature of this part of the map as deep enemy territory, but I feel capable enough to give it a shot. Ahead lies a small sandstone compound. 'Ok guys,' i say over the squad radio, 'pick a buddy and stay with him as we move in here.' This is something I always advise my squad to do; it minimises casualties from a blindsiding enemy, and allows a situation to be pacified if there is a sudden ambush in which one of my men is shot; there's always a gun to back him up. We move in slowly, knowing full-well that the enemy is on their way here. What they don't expect is for us to be here; we can't cap this point, so why bother?Well, the longer it takes them to cap, the more time we buy for our guys about 3 miles away.I instruct my men to take up positions inside the buildings on the point, advising them to keep away from windows but allow themselves a firing line into the streets and courtyard. Then, we wait less than thirty seconds before we hear the sound of an engine.'Vehicle!' I hear my AT guy, stationed on a roof next to me cry out. 'Permission to engage?!''Granted,' I reply, and within moments I see the rocket flash past my vision, and a huge cloud of billowing fire erupt from the treeline. A confirmed kill. From around the burning logistics truck we just killed, we see a full squad of infantry. I instruct my men to stay inside as I open fire from the roof. After scoring two kills I quickly hunker down and hide, baiting the enemy. A simple AT team, they assume, no threat to them from close range.They don't expect a full squad of 9 men.For a few moments all I hear is the shuffling of boots. I remind my men that they are weapons free. A few moments pass.The sound of 9 AK rifles rings out, and suddenly the compound is engulfed with the sound of gunfire. Less than a minute later, the gunfire stops.All 9 of my men have survived thanks to the stellar work of our medics, who patched the two men who got hit within seconds. Every single hostile has been killed.We hear another engine. 'Humvee!,' my AT shouts down to me from the roof, using local chat. 'Kill it,' I reply. Two rockets later, the unaware humvee is in pieces.We successfully wiped a full squad of 9, a supply truck and a humvee without a single casualty, through a little planning an a lot of communication. And that is why I love squad. If everyone works as a unit, you'll have some of the best 'war stories' of your gaming life as a result of playing this game. As for the state of the Alpha, it may as well be a late Beta. It's really polished and apart from a couple of gnarly geometry bugs where I got a car stuck, and a few disconnects I haven't had any issues. The framerate is pretty lousy, but this is an early Alpha so for the time being I can forgive this. I run on a 970, 16gb ram and an i5, and it often dips as low as 30, temporarily. Usually, it holds at around 40. For once, however, this has not detracted from my experience to any great degree, because the simple aexperience of leading a squad into battle or being a part of someone else's squad is so exhilerating.9/10, for any fan of milsim-lite (this isn't ARMA, it's somewhere between ARMA and insurgency), a sense of community, or just being terrified as bullets tear past your head and cut down your friends."
,Recommended,393380,31906865,Posted: 22 May,all,Baron Von Boyce,"A Great Balance of Realism, FPS, and TeamworkPros- Low-drag Realism - Not as expansive as the Arma series (yet), but manages to deliver on that same experience. Most of the time you're trying to figure out the location of incoming fire and marksmanship is difficult to master so you often get into prolonged firefights. All of this without the burden of the Arma engine, and it runs much smoother.- Tactics & Teamwork - There is virtually no point in lone-wolfing and ignoring your squad which is heavily disincentivized, unlike in some other games. It still happens but 90% of the time, going off by yourself is completely useless to yourself and the team. I've never played a game like this where it is so essential to communicate with your team. Working within the squad, and with other squads to identify enemy positions, suppress, flank, and assault is an experience I haven't been able to replicate in other games like Battlefield, Rising Storm, or Arma. The only comparable experience for myself that this game replicates would be Milsim airsoft.- Class System - A brilliant system for limiting powerful rifle optics, and support classes like snipers, machine gunners, rocket launchers, by restricting these dynamically on a per-squad basis. This ensures that there is isn't a disproportionate amount of these weapons on the field, but also makes it so that there's more opportunity for players to try actually claim one of those classes instead of how other games have a finite amount of these classes that are immediately claimed by the first people who connect to/load into a new match.- Visible Continued Improvement by Developers - New content is being released, new features are being implemented, bugs are getting fixed. Seeing an update is ready to download is exciting. This project was organized well, looking forward to seeing it continue to grow.- Great aesthetics - The game looks beautiful and strikes a good balance between being simple and yet also realistic.Cons- Slower Pacing - Sometimes your squad has to be the one that defends a position behind the lines, or you might have to be the guy that drives the logistic truck from the main base to the forward base, other times you have to carry out a wide-flanking manouver to avoid the enemy. Long story short, it isn't always 100% action but as long as the squad is working together, these slow moments can still feel meaningful.- Heavily Reliant on Communication & Teamwork - While this is a pro in my opinion, once in a while a team or server will get dysfunctional, experienced players won't squad lead, squad leaders are bad, squad leaders won't communicate, players in general aren't using voice comms. Losing a game with a coherent team is still fun by my standards, but playing with a dysfunctional team can be unbearable and switching to a new server is the best option.- Learning Curve - Not as easy to jump into as a mainstream FPS like Call of Duty or Battlefield, it takes time not just learning how to use your weapon effectively, but also how to function within the squad and communicate effectively with other people."
76561198115569390,Recommended,393380,22021491,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Promerops,Stephen Hawking runs better than this game... but I still love it.
,Recommended,393380,21231066,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Poopapotomus,"DO NOT buy this game if you're expecting 50v50 combat with vehicles.  This game doesn't have either of those things...yet. On a personal note, I feel it's very deceptive advertising your game as something it WILL be rather than something that it IS.I'll lay out my review with pros and cons and go in depth on certain points.PROS-Very addictive gameplay. The immersion is really impressive. Guns have crazy recoil, even in semi auto. Gunshots crack and sound travels realistically outdoors, while shooting inside has an echo that makes you feel like you will go deaf. RPGs flying nearby will make you♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself and shots landing close crack and hiss. Suppresion feels right and is actually a viable strategy. If you can't kill an enemy, keeping their heads down usually does the trick.-Squad cohesion. If you don't have a mic, you'll struggle with this game. Not saying you can't play it, but it is almost essential to do well and you'll honestly be a bit of a burden to your squad without it. Call out your targets, ask the squad leader for advice, and call for a medic. The squad chat channel and command channel sound like real radios and adds a little extra to the game.-Teamwork is key! You can't win without working together within your squad and with the other squads. There have been several games where the squads will spread out to capture different objectives and watch over potential flanking routes. It's not uncommon for your squad leader to send a small group of his own squad to help out others. Coordinating assaults, flanks, and defence makes all the difference, and one man army players usually get shut down quickly.-Every battle is memorable. Whether it's a last stand within a compound waiting for reinforcements or a massive flank to catch the enemy by surprise, Squad has easily given me many memories from each match.-Active developers. My disclaimer at the beginning ended with the word, ""yet"" because I do believe the devs will get the game to where it is advertised. I believe at least one of them is an ex-marine and this game is their passion project. They listen to their community and are very active on their subreddit /r/JoinSquad. Patches and content are regular and usually very high quality work with few bugs. Also if anyone can capture the realism of combat, it's someone that's seen it firsthand.-Easy to pick up and learn. The depth of strategies and the maps take some time to learn, but as far as jumping in a game and playing goes, it's as easy as it can be. I find it strikes a perfect middle ground between Arma (entirely realistic, but overly complicated) and Insurgency (arcadey and fast paced with some realism). Add in a mostly friendly and helpful community to fill in the rest and you have the perfect recipe for a fun team based shooter.CONS-Animations. As said before, the immersion in this game is amazing...until you see someone jump over a wall without moving their legs. It's in alpha, so I get it, but it's still a slight immersion breaker after almost 50 hours in game.-Trolls. Anytime their is friendly fire in a game, there will be trolls. Why people spend their money on game to ruin it for others is beyond me. But it's not a huge issue. I think I've run into 3-4 trolls in my playtime and the server admins were quick to kick them from the server. Still worth mentioning.-Some battles feel one sided. Mostly in servers with clans, but sometimes the maps themselves feel like they favor one group over the other. Chora is a good example to me. While the first capture points are fairly even, the US side gets more cover to their objectives in my opinion, and usually all of their soldiers are easy to tell one from another. The Russians on the other hand look different, some wearing balaclavas and others that look like US soldiers. I have killed several teammates by mistaking them as enemies both at a distance and in CQB by accident because I couldn't distinguish one from another.-AMD CPUs suffer in this game. AMD GPUs are fine, but the CPUs really struggle to keep up with the game as of right now. The devs have addressed this as an issue with the Unreal engine that they've used and they're looking into solutions. I run an FX6350 and a GTX970 and in a fully populated 72 man server at mostly medium settings, I hover between 25-35 fps in smaller firefights. It dips to the low 20s or lower for a second or two when it gets more chaotic.-It's really hard to play as a class you want to play as. Sometimes I just want to be a marksman and provide long range cover for my squad. Unfortunately that class gets filled almost instantly. Any class with an optic does actually. Optics aren't game changing (if you can't hit♥♥♥♥♥♥without one, you still won't hit anything with one) but they can provide a huge advantage. Or I want to be a machine gunner, laying down suppresive fire with an RPK. Too bad my squad doesn't have a medic, which is an essential role in this game. Even being squad leader can be a pain when you have someone being subbordinate and demeaning your every move. Offering an opinion on a situation is fine, but often times you'll have one or two players that try to be backseat squad leaders, which is frustrating.-Price. Personally not a con for me. I've gotten and will get more than my money's worth out of this game. But $40 is a lot of money for an early access game.OVERALLThe game is fantastic. Most of my cons are nit picking to be honest. I like mil-sim shooters and working with a team, so this game is great for me. So if you enjoy the same things, grab a mic and squad up!"
,Recommended,393380,26535911,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,[OMBD]Deathwisher,"I dont know where to begin. This game has changed everything for both me and my fellow gamers. Let me try to explain.I have been a gamer since i was 11 y/o. Thats around 25 years. I have always looked for a game that combines authentic weapons and movement, with fantastic gameplay. Im an old military guy, and i have been really picky about it. I have played everything from Battlefield- to Arma series, and i was never really satisfied. It was either to much ""arcade"" or just bad controls and ""too authentic"" in a way that destroys the fun of a game.Now. First when i saw this in a video i was quite negative. But i wanted to try, so i bought it with my brother. The two of us joined some battlefields and tried it out. We immediately felt that this game required several friends to make it work. We started a clan for just ""Squad"", and now we are the biggest community in Sweden.I have never been so happy playing a game. Thats an honest opinion. This is why:- Real teamplay.- Real tactics.- Both slow and fast paced scenarios.- The sounds of weapons and engines.- The feeling when you and your squad successfully push down the enemy.- The looks of explosions.- The feeling that you really are important for the team and for your squad.- The score in the game are not that important.- No pay to win.- No levelups.- Every weaponkit and every soldier is the same every match.Just dont play by yourself. Find a group of people that knows teamplay, and you will never stop playing.Have fun!"
,Recommended,393380,33251648,Posted: 4 July,all,HawksHail,Less clunky and more infantry focused Arma gameplay.
,Recommended,393380,19874560,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,spaezitzle,">Be me, first time in the war>Me and this guy with a lmg are stuck in a mineshaft after our whole squad gets ambushed and wiped out>He says in a scared voice ""Shhhhhhh, they're right on top of us."">All of the sudden a large group of taliban try to run into the mineshaft>We spray them down while screaming>Then silence, The shooting is over>Dead people all around, agonizing screams as some bleed out>We both look at eachother>We can hear many men outside preparing for an assault>""I'm so scared."" He said in a scared and sad tone>""I love you."" I said to him>""I love you to."" He said>All of the sudden, smoke bombs are igniting at the entrance of the mine shaft>They run in spraying their weapons and screaming>Me and him scream while spraying ours>He gets shot in the head and dies>I scream ""NOOOOOOOOO!"">""GET UP! GET UP!"">Nothing>I turn the corner and spray my akm>I run out of ammunition>I get riddled with bullets>I drop to the ground>My vision turns red>I look at him>I thought, ""We held the line buddy."">I hear firing in the backround>A tear drops down my face>I die.10/10 That had to have been the best moment of gaming in my life. Would buy again."
76561198373392280,Recommended,393380,31674035,Posted: 10 May,all,Huey Freeman,"for those people that want an intense, realistic, teamworked based FPS, this is imo the best out right now.Highly recommended."
,Not Recommended,393380,29591920,Posted: 30 January,all,Sprite/Vane 👌,"Do not support these devs.This is a really fun game and i personally enjoy it a lot - hence why i have over 200 hours played.But i have to warn you, the developers of this game are very unprofessional.They use their global admin privilege to trigger any commands in any privately owned servers at their discretion. When the owner of a server which a large community played on asked for a list of people who would be using these commands to avoid confusion between the moderators on the server, they removed his posts and he was banned. Then his server was shortly unlicensed for disagreeing with the terms of service. This caused their server to drop dramatically in population and scattered the community. Any posts about this community or any mentions of them acting like this gets removed as soon as they can. *(They even flagged this review untill Steam lifted it)*They even go out of their way to make posts on their forum to tarnish the image of Youtubers who own very popular servers with large communities and who advertizes their game for free to grow the community.It is absolutely unacceptable behavior."
,Recommended,393380,34562028,Posted: 28 August,all,|F| Faruk,"What a bloody incredible game. I have made many friends and had ALOT of good times on this game. If you get this game, make sure you push through the first 10 hours of the game by learning. Starting off in this game you will get shot from GOD knows where all the time and finish every game with double digit deaths. Push past that and find this games intense and nail biting moments. Its full of tight situations and requires a huge amount of game sense and teamwork to be played well. Make sure you also get involved in your countries community for this game via discord. Feel free to add me if you want to connect with the local squad community i pretty much know them all. FYI i got to 200 hours before i really really started to enjoy this game so if you are not patient watch youtube videos and learn before you play."
,Recommended,393380,19853008,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Old Man Lemur,"Once upon a time in 2004 a mod was made for the UT2003 engine.  It's name was Red Orchestra (RO) and it was good.  A small but close nit community formed around its ground breaking realism play and iron sight aiming method.  Since then, RO went retail and subsequently released RO2 (aka COD:Eastern Front) but none could hold a flame to the original RO mod.  The community descended into ruins.  For 11 years we wandered the barren wasteland of such publications as Battlefield, Arma, Hero's and Generals, Verdun, Insurgency, and DayZ in search of the 'good ole days' of tactical large scale gameplay.  Until now. The search has ended my friends. Behold our magnum opus: Squad.The recoil system is the most realistic I have seen. The suppression is just enough to make you cower but not overdone to be annoying.  The beedout and bandage system gives you time to hide and heal but keeps your health low until medics arrive.  The zoom in and hold breath is just right for the distance most engagements happen. The weapon sway is just enough. The graphics are great and not over taxing.  You can hide in the shrubbery.  Snipers do not dominate the game.  The maps are huge and you can flank with out having unnatural boundaries. Squad communication and movement is a must to survive and squad leaders can communicate to each other via push to talk makeing pub games feel like a clan match.  Mobile spawn system keeps a well defined front line of battle without any of the ""5 enemies spawning out of a squad-leader's butt behind enemy lines""  bullcrap of the Battlefield series.Want more? Buy the game with your wampum."
76561198178269019,Recommended,393380,23427242,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Buke,"EDIT(11/3/16): Offworld has fixed the optimizaion IssuesDISCLAIMER2: This game has in infinite rendering distance in game so Your hardware will be testedDISCLAIMER3: Do not blame Offworld if you cannot run the game properly, you should always check the system requirements for a game before you buy itSquad is my Favorite FPS that I have right now next to Rainbow Six Siege. Sometimes you will get into a bad squad where the squad leader has no clue on what is happening but that doesn't happen to me very often. If you are a 13 year old kid that doesn't appreciate or understand war stay away from this game but if you want a legit military game experience this is pretty close to the real deal. The $40 pricetag seems like a massive turn-off for alot of people (as it was for me) but i have too say the dev support for this game is very good and its clear Offworld wants to actually release a good product unlike most early access games (cough cough DayZ)."
,Recommended,393380,26474818,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Dr.Unfähig,"After a lot of major patches and almost playing  Squad for a whole year now I felt I have to write an updated review.Squad is a tactical FPS focused on teamplay and communication unlike any other game out there (except Project Reality which is a BF2 mod made by the Squad developers). The two mentioned things are the most important ones in this game. That's why you should have a microphone if you think about buying the game. Also you won't have a lot of fun lonewolfing and playing without a microphone in my opinion. If you didn't play Project Reality before you will have to get used to the gameplay mechanics. Anyway that shouldn't be a problem because the Squad community is probaly the best you'll ever meet in a video game! Of course not everybody is an angel but most people are communicative, adult (almost everybody is at least 18+) and friendly to new players. At the beginning you also should be aware of the responsibility of being a Squadleader because this it's unlike being a Squadleader in Battlefield. You will have to communicate with other Squadleaders and your Squad which expects orders from you. So if you're new to the game you better just join a Squad to get into the game.The VOIP system is probaly the best I‘ve ever seen. There are three VOIP channels. One is for the Squadleaders only, one for the Squad itself and one for the local chat to talk to all teammates that are nearby (enemys can‘t hear you in the local chat).The game itself has no unlockables and is focused on pure gameplay which is a good thing in my opinion.  Everybody has the same chance of winning. A lot of games nowadays wouldn't work without unlockable weapons, scopes and skins but in Squad this was never intended to be included. The game doesn't need all that stuff because the pure gameplay (especially the teamplay aspect) motivates the playes enough to play it hundreds of hours.The maximum players per server are 72 at the moment but the developers aim for 100 player servers in the future. Anyway 72 are more than enough for the current maps if you'd ask me.The smallest map is about 1kmx1km but the usual mapsize is 4kmx4km, which is very big compared to a Battlefield map for example. At the moment there eight maps and a firing range map to try out weapons, vehicles, deployables...The maps are set in the middle east and east europe. There is no urban city map to this point of time but as mods will be in the game I'm sure we will also get those.The main game mode AAS (Advance And Secure) and PAAS (the same with more tickets and bigger layouts) is about capturing flags. The team which first loses all their tickets loses the game. Unlike in other games the order of the flags is determinated.Another less played game mode is Insurgency which is about destroying/ covering weapon caches.Since Alpha V7 vehicles are in the game. They are always spawning at the main base which is the only spawn point at the beginning of a game. Destroyed vehicles cost your team up to 30 tickets so always use them with care! You won‘t be able to just jump in a vehicle anyway. To prevent abuse you need at least three people in your Squad to claim one. Also only Squadleaders can claim vehicles.SL‘s are responsible for all spawn points as well. They can set FOBs (Forward Operating Bases) which allows everybody in your team to spawn. In the range of a FOB you can build stuff like .50cals, sandbags, hesco walls, ammo crates, repair stations for your vehicles and more. The second kind of spawnpoints are rally points which only allows your Squadmembers to spawn. Rally points are always limited to nine spawns.Squad is running on the Unreal Engine 4 and looks quite good. Especially the particle and explosions effects are absolutely stunning! The sound is very detailed and the weapons and explosions sound real and just overall great.The performance was a big problem but with Alpha 8 released things got a lot better. I play with 50-90 FPS (with 2x Supersampling 35-70 FPS) on full severs now (GTX 1080, i7 6700k, 16GB DDR4).A lot of bugs are fixed to this point but you still might encounter some little glitches or bugs. With major patches it sometimes happens that new bugs get in the game but in most cases they get fixed very fast with hotfixes. A few maps still need some more details but that‘s criticism on high level.The game is still in Early Access but since Alpha 8 it almost feels like a complete game. There is so much more to come and also with mods being implemented in the future and already two big mod projects announced, there will be a hell lot of content!I hope I could give you a good overview about what Squad is all about and what you need to become valuable player in the Squad community.All I can say is that I played Squad for a very long time now and there‘s still no sign of tiredness. The intense firefights, the teamplay and the awesome community keeps my motivation up to this day!"
76561198033930786,Recommended,393380,34099162,Posted: 8 August,all,[SFW]Xenderz,Great game despite it being alpha. Wouldn't have clock 1k hours if it wasn't
,Recommended,393380,28798964,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,DEAGLE SPAMMER,"How a game usually ends:Squad:""GG guys, you did well. See you tomorrow.""Arma:Arma 3 has exited in an unusual manner.Launcher has detected that Arma 3 was closed unusually. If you encounter an error that you cannot solve by yourself, please report it to our Feedback Tracker, or contact our support team.Exit code: 0xC0000005 - ACCESS_VIOLATION"
,Recommended,393380,33006448,Posted: 29 June,all,Lewis,>be me>join game>join insurgents>introduce myself as a man that enjoys explosions>tell squad that from now on Allah will guide there bullets>run towards objective and watch infidel humvee make loops around our FOB>analyse his route>organise a team of shovel wielding maniacs to join me>place AT mine>dig furiously>mine is hidden>we all disappear and watch as the humvee drives over it>hear people screaming Allah Akbar as my ears start to ring>explosion was so massive I got 6 team kills>job done>time for my 72 virgins>place IED on bike>have to choose another sandal wielding companion to drive the bike whilst I look for targets>logi truck convoy spotted>Allah Akbar brothers10/10 would die for 72 virgins again
,Recommended,393380,32453634,Posted: 15 June,all,Scrub PolitikZ,This is what I call a realistic first person shooter
,Recommended,393380,34855421,Posted: 10 September,all,Cipher 暗号,"Squad is like ARMA minus the bullcrap. No remembering dozens of specific keybinds, no weird menu you use your scroll wheel for, no installing a bunch of mods or searching through countless servers to get an experience you enjoy. Simply open Squad, join a server, and instantly you are thrust into an intense open-world conflict in which you along with 8 squadmates can set your own objective in accordance with your team's strategy and attempt to win the game by any means necessary.Being a squad member is fun, but the true fun of the game, at least for me, is being at the head of the action, and directing the rest of your body (your squadmates) on how to proceed. Being a squad leader in Squad is truly an incredible experience that no other game can truly match, not even ARMA. You've got eight people under you that will (usually) listen to your commands, and you've got four or five other squad leaders to communicate with so you can develop the best strategy.  There is no greater joy than leading your squad to victory, going into the next round, and having people wait for you to create a squad because you did so well. Squad Leaders can also set down Rally Points for their squadmates to have a temporary spawn point, set down FOBs to hold vital chokepoints or provide a permanent spawn, as well as other fortifications around FOBs. Squad Leaders truly control the flow of the game, and a good or bad Squad Leader can mean the difference between a victory or defeat in Squad.But do not fret if leading is not your strong suit or your thing; every role in Squad has it's purpose. Obviously there is the important ""Squad Leader"" role, but the roles of Medic, Autorifleman (Machinegunner), Marksman, Anti-Tank, even Rifleman are all important and have their roles. Medics keep the war machine going, Autoriflemen provide a base of fire to cover their fellow squadmates, Marksman take out enemies from afar in accordance to the squad's objective, Anti-Tank take out those pesky and vital armored vehicles, Rifleman can set up barricades as well as act as the all-important point-men and primary attackers, all with the SL leading from the back (or on the frontlines.)If a Squad is malfunctioning, deformed, or simply unable to work with each other, the game is simply not fun. The Squad Leader is vital to keep the squad pushing forward, but the Squad Leader cannot put down much of anything without squad members at his side. Communication and teamwork is VITAL in Squad, and without it the experience will not be enjoyable. However, whenever a Squad gets it right - they are communicating, helping each other, working together, listening to each other - the game is like none other. Luckliy, the game makes it easy to make sure Squads do have cohesion.The only issue I have with this game is it's fierce optimization problem. Even at low settings I struggle to keep 60 frames on most maps, and I don't have a bad rig. That, along with some map glitches that involve going through the map and having to suicide to keep playing.All in all, I have never played a multiplayer game more rewarding than Squad, and I'm excited to make this game my next primary experience and design a community around it. I would truly give this game a 10/10 if the game was optimized, bugs were fixed, and other quality of life issues were resolved. For now, I give the game a 7, but the devs are working hard on the game and I think it'll hit a solid 10/10 (meaning the game delivers 100% on its promise and is fun to play, easy-ish to run, and chock full of features) when the game is fully released.If you are looking for a realistic first-person-shooter where communication and teamwork is required for success, look no further. Buy Squad."
,Recommended,393380,30208318,Posted: 26 February,all,comc909,">Playing squad during free weekend>Be squad leader>Leading a bunch of freeend noobs>End up in a farm house>Getting yelled at by other squds for not helping them spawn camp>Decide to take squad to enemy spawn>Leave farm house>*Boom*>One of the medics is dead>2 enemy squds plus a BTR start to come over the crest of the hill to the north>We all run back inside the farm house>Enemies begin to fire at the house with the wraith of the russian army>One by one we die as we all scream for help and the other squdas ignore us>Finally everyone dies and respawns at an FOB down the road and set up a roadblock to hold the enemies>Still 2 squad mates stuck in the farm house>""We should just die and respawn with the rest""- rifleman>""No way, I ain't going out like a ♥♥♥♥♥""-grenadier>Grenadier proceeds to rush the enemies on the hill while screaming at the top of his lungs in local chat>He goes out in a blaze of glory>We win>Go speed you amazing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,393380,19760874,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Broomy,"If you're looking for teamwork and squad based gameplay with a focus on communication and realism at it's core, you need this game!"
76561198046565259,Recommended,393380,28853508,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Skull Leader V1,"Squad - where do I begin?An incredibly tough game - it punishes the lone wolf and rewards the team oriented play.Spotting enemies is what this game is all about. If you are constantly on the move - in a hurry to get somewhere - you will take fire and die 9 out of 10 times with that lucky once in a while to be in the right spot at the right time and see them first.Squad size is up to 9 soldiers - and most should be on high ground spotting. You can chat via Microphone to your entire squad - or to those within earshot - Squad Leaders can talk to eachother and coordinate 18, 27, 36 soldiers if you're playing on a pro server. You can also text chat the same way - even to all players in the game (text only for that one).Snipers - SAW gunners - Grenadiers - Medics - Anti-Tank Soldiers - Riflemen - you need to work together to survive and win. This game is extremely challenging - but the rewards are fantastic when you get in a squad that works together and accomplishes missions. In 2 battles our 9 man squad had actually bonded and we covered each other, called out enemy locations, provided medics with supressing fire while they patched buddies and split a 4 man fire-team to flank enemy positions while the remaining five engaged at medium range.The Squad Leader placed .50 cal emplacements at our F.O.B. (Forward OperatingBase) and we used entrenching tools to build sandbags and barbed wire to secure locations, then went through hell together trying to hold that position (depends on the map/mission).Rally points to respawn, FOBs to dig in and resupply at - vehicles with arms and armor - even though in Alpha this game is amazingly complex and can be quite rewarding, and very frustrating.Bottom line: Not for the loner who doesn't like to use a microphoine. Looking for a game where communication is the norm and teamwork expected? Fire fights occur at medium to long range unless it's CQB in town? Pick up Squad and set your 2 hour timer. But I doubt you'll be refunding this game - it's just that damn good.Squad introductory videos:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2iDEeINmidw&list=PLL7yuIe6OBXwCQciztx79xyLWtTL9FDY7Squad tutorials:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zaflbMFs22o&list=PLCRa2KXk9vnIeQKEnSmGIkHX416bodzDO"
76561198035806925,Recommended,393380,33441759,Posted: 10 July,all,Mohaamd_7,If ArmA and Battlefield had a twin baby it would be this.The other *smaller* twin is Insurgency.This game is not perfect but it's not bad for an early access. (since 2015)Key words: Team work and communication.
,Recommended,393380,19743474,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Sunder,"Finaly, a serious first person shooter for serious people who mean to do serious shooting."
,Recommended,393380,20019882,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Flight_Risk,"It was a Sunday in December and I was hanging out with my friends watching football.   Amid all the shouting and arguing over fantasy scores a strange thought crept into my head: somewhere on some farfetched server a soldier was lying on the ground screaming for a medic.  I could have been that medic…I could have saved that soldiers life, but instead I was just sitting there on that comfortable couch enjoying myself.  How could I have become so selfish as to have a social life after all I’d seen?  The RPG's... the frag grenades...  I knew what I needed to do.  I needed to rush home to my computer and save those soldiers, it was my duty.10/10 would never have a social life again, again"
76561198147824883,Recommended,393380,20368064,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Morris,This game is in alpha and still tops a lot of FPS Military style games. Unreal and Huge thumbs up. Cant wait for this game to continue to improve.
,Recommended,393380,21913714,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,bitch,"check out my guide.Great team play. The sounds are immersive. The radio chatter is sometimes unnecessary but definitely adds to the immersion as well. After you start reaching about 300 hours, the game is pretty much forward operating base spam and backcapping the enemy team. Some squad leaders don't take too kindly to constructive criticism so be careful oXS . Meet some nice guys, play competitively, and get on that 10 game win streak choo choo train. Also, being a squad leader and coordinating attacks on a massive 36 player scale is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic."
76561197961163199,Recommended,393380,28091598,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,[SFW]topper,"Love this game so much I bought a new box just to host it :)We are now hosting two official 72 player servers, see you guys around soon!"
,Recommended,393380,20128824,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Peshka,"I've got 300+ hours in ARMA 3 and I'd say at least 1/3 of those went towards trying to create an experience with friends that I could've gotten instantly with SQUAD. The community and simplicity are what make this game amazing. It's a tactical shooter that you can drop right into and have fun in without the constant need to make excuses on why ""it's fun when it works."""
76561197984679666,Recommended,393380,22947168,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,[RIP] TRIXY,"When played correctly, that is with a competent squad leader and a team willing to follow orders, Squad is the absolute gem of tactical, team based shooters. Beautiful, realistic maps, effects and situations. Nicely done Offworld! What ruins it are the players who bully others and cause general disruption within the team. Everyone is there to learn the game (and there is a LOT to learn), and we all need to help each other. This is NOT a single player run and gun shooter. The only way to win the round is by working in sync with your squad, and your squad working in sync with the entire team. Hey..if you aren't the greatest shooter, bandage up your teammate or help dig a barrier- you get as many points for that as for kills! Overall though, worth buying in it's alpha state and highly recommended.Oh..and guys, THERE REALLY ARE FEMALE GAMERS PLAYING THIS GAME! My GOD IT'S 2016 ALREADY!"
76561198049105304,Recommended,393380,19739888,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,BrotherSin,"dont buy the game...its buged. i started playing at 10pm, and after 10 mins it made my clock jump to 4 am.buged i tell you!would time wrap again 10/10"
76561198035626983,Recommended,393380,31030828,Posted: 8 April,all,MR. Awesome,> Be me> Join a Squad> Follow every order from the Squad leader> We get into a Big fight> I act like a human shiled and sacrifices myself for the Squad leader> They called me a perfect teammate> gets 4 Friends request after11/10 would sacrifice themselves for the squad leader again...
,Recommended,393380,19928963,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,<eUK> Markazzo123,"- Join game with buddy- he creates squad for the two of us- before you know it, there are 7 people asking for instructions- gets called noob a lot- places forward operating base in a compound- get rekt for next 25 minutes11/10 still don't know what really happened.PS. Causes PTSD."
,Recommended,393380,33492228,Posted: 12 July,all,Lev,It's like first-person company of heroes.It's like minecraft with guns.It's like noob-friendly ARMAIts russian levels are what survarium should have been.And it has the best damn sound effects i've ever heard in a game.
76561198122106087,Recommended,393380,30042753,Posted: 19 February,all,Aiden_the _great,"Summary:  Squad is not for the feint of heart, you will be tested and you will fail a lot; at first.  If you are looking for a game like COD or Battlefield that has more teamwork, you are in the wrong place.  You will die when you get shot.  Be prepared for that.Pro's:-HEAVY emphasis on teamwork, however, for once teamwork actually works really well in game, and it is very fun to play with friends-Sounds are simply amazing, best I have heard in a military shooter probably ever.-Graphics are quite good, though if you do not like the look of other games using UNREAL 3 graphics then you probably wont like the look of this game-Vehicle combat is fun and works well with the other aspects of the game-Maps are huge and quite fun to fight in-Building system works very well minus a few glitches here and thereCons:-The game is still in alpha and many promised features have yet to be released, and you can tell.  There is no vaulting, nor a huge variety of maps and vehicles.- Be advised, this game can be a running simulator, unless your squad lead is good and makes use of rally points you might end up running a long LONG way.-There are various bugs, even a few game breaking, but I have yet to encounter any of the game breaking bugs-Sometimes you get an awful team and you just cant help it.  One of the squad leads might not have a mic, or he might have no what he is doing-The price is a bit steep, I would suggest buying it on a sale, which they do have from time to time.Verdict:  Overall, SQUAD is probably one of the best, if not the best military shooter I have ever purchased.  The teamwork aspect of the game functions very well (most of the time).  Graphics are decent and the fact that you can die from just 2 or 3 shots makes combat a thrill.  I HIGHLY reccomend this game, But I would suggest you buy it on sale like I did, as the price just doest not match the content currently in the game.  Maybe when the full release comes out, but not now."
,Recommended,393380,31506118,Posted: 2 May,all,TIZ UNCLE POTUS,"Great Game, Fun to play. Slight learning curve at first but the more you play differnt roles and listen to what others are saying and understand the terms and lingo, the better you'll do. You might have to put up with people getting a little grumpy with you at first because your new and dont know how to play but you'll learn quick. Don't be afriad to try important roles, Ya gatta learn somehow. Devs actually seem to work on the game and add stuff too which is always nice to see. Its worth the price, but its really a teamwork type of game, hint the name squad. You have to be willing to work with others and listen. Usually the team that gets that down better will win. Not a game meant for solo or lone wolfs. Every once in a while you'll have a team killer or some idiot spamming chat or voice but its much less than most games. There are very few bugs that ive come across, and the ones that there are are not game breaking. For example every once in a while you cant spawn on a rally or even more rare is you might fall through the map but thats happened to me maybe 2-3 times that ive played and im around 300 hours so far with no intentions to stop any time soon. One other wierd bug that may be just me or my mouse is when i hold right click to remove a enemy radio or friendly placed object it starts building as if im holding left click kinda frustrating. Best advice i could give is to watch a couple differnt youtube vids and see if you like what you see.To sum it up for me i love the game. Hope to see ya in game."
76561198143501037,Recommended,393380,21883267,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Runertje550,"Being squad leader, and your squad calling you a good leader, really is a great feeling, it can get pretty stressfull in the beginning, I've been there, other squads being mad at us because of different reasons which we cant do anything about.I've played Project Reality, and I can't wait until this game is going to be just like it, my biggest hype for now is urban combat, next to that are the helicopters. I remember in Project Reality I was in a city by a port (forgot the name of the map) and being on the rooftops and seeing the whole city and a seeing a missile come in somewhere in the city and just that huge explosion while Black Hawk's are flying in and out and Bradley's rolling in the streets with Humvee's behind it, cannot wait until seeing that happen again, but this time in Squad.This game is all about communication, I know you have seen it in allot of other games, like Battlefield or CoD, but there is never communication in it, it's just allout rush in, I can tell you, this game is nothing like those games, 'CoD is full with strategy' 'Only in Battlefield'  my @ss, this is where its all about tactics and strategy, keep with your squad, and if you're like that CoD kid, new to these games, and thinking like 'I'm rushing the left side on my own' I swear, you will get brutally killed by enemy squads while the people in your squads are calling you names because you dind't listen.Forget everything you know about CoD strategy (which is only rushing) and go look some ganeplay video's of squad, I'd say watch BlueDrake42 just to get an idea how this game is supposed to be, and not like what you probably had in mind."
,Recommended,393380,20342315,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Zegevierend,-Running up a hill towards a squad of enemies-Switch AK to auto-About to Fire-Gets RPG'ed by teammate10/10
,Recommended,393380,22387643,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,koopah,"I don't mind dishing out the $40 for this alpha because these developers have a great track record of consistent, quality updates on their Project Reality mod. And the alpha is way more fun than you'd think; it could play as a stand alone itself."
76561198035961537,Recommended,393380,28173500,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,SeanDor,Excellent game based off one all important factor. Team work! This game gives me the chill when a perfect manouver is pulled off. Only game to give me an actual adrenaline rush. Good luck squadies! Patience and communication is key
76561198005897532,Recommended,393380,22613994,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,"Jabroni, Cool word",">be me 22yr old medic>going on first patrol>everything seems well>4 minutes into my patrol my squad makes contact with another enemy patrol>grenades and rounds start popping off left and right my actual ears are hurtin from my headset>I hit the floor>hear screams ""MEDIC! NEED A MEDIC!"">start looking around for whoever is screaming for me>look down>its xxMetallicaxx>me and this guy went to bootcamp together>do everything I can to make sure he sees his son again>but theres more of my squad getting shot at and wounded>run around the firefight healing my team as grenades are exploding all around me>dust everywhere I can barely see anything>I crawl towards my teamates as  they cry in agony ""Medic!"">hands start getting sweaty because the stress of making sure my team survives becomes overwhelming>Finally after a 20 minute firefight, it all goes silent.>I gather myself, and the pieces of my dead comrades and we go back on another patrol.This game.. will give you virtual ptsd"
,Recommended,393380,20516618,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,AlienNova,"So this review is based on my hour and a half in it.Pros: RealisticNo kill feedMultiple layers of communicationMultiple layers of strategy(Micro and macro)Squad leaders actually use micsSquad leaders know what they're doingEveryone agrees mic is essential for squad leadersAtmosphericGuns sound like real guns and not movie gunsIf you die it's not anybody elses faultCons: You will gain PTSDOptimizations a bit poor, I feel like I should be getting a bit more than 30fps on medium with my PC build."
,Recommended,393380,24984392,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Wolf,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.If you enjoy ultra realistic, slow paced first person shooters like Arma, you'll have a great time with this game."
,Not Recommended,393380,21168438,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,56kAllDay,"AMD USERS BEWARE: I want to recommend this game very much and I probably could for anyone other than AMD users. My rig is more than capable of running this game smoothly, as I have no issues running any other game on Ultra settings, but it will only run smoothly 25% of the time on low populated servers. At first the game would lag so bad whenever anyone tried using VoIP it became unplayable. However, this was fixed with a patch. This latest patch brought back ALL of the lag prior to the one that fixed it, More than a few people on an objective? Lag. Aiming at an enemy no matter the distance? Lag. Needless to say, there were many instances where I literally had an enemy ""dead to rights"" only to have my game lag and once that passed I was now at the respawn screen. Trust me random internet user, I DO want to recommend this game. However, in it's current state I cannot do so. I have played this game for some 100 or so hours on different days and different times of the day and it still remains the same lag fest."
76561198059374867,Recommended,393380,20345179,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,TheMASSHER,"Squad, The game that hugely depends on it's community / players. For instance one ""battle hardened medic"" can revive and rescue whole squad while furiously returning fire. Or one really bad squad leader can make you feel like pulling the trigger on him while he's not looking is the right choice. Game itself feels good, although it needs vehicles ASAP. As a bonus there is like 5% chance when dying doing the Wilhelm scream. 11/10"
76561197992484696,Recommended,393380,32165531,Posted: 3 June,all,=H2B= $horty12,"Coming from battlefield and COD this game was at first very hard for me. After a few hours in game you learn this game isnt about just killing other players.. Its about TEAMWORK, COMMUNICATING and HEALING YOUR TEAM MATES. If you dont have teamwork you will loose every single round. As others have said you need to ask questions and willing to learn if you want to be succesful and enjoy this game. I now play this game over BF and COD games. Glad i made the switch and stuck around to learn."
,Recommended,393380,20650236,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Alex1296,PTSD Simulator 2016
,Recommended,393380,27533989,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Hextopia,"After Update 8, Squad has become everything I wished PvP in Arma was.  The frenzied panic of scrabbling for cover as an enemy Automatic Rifleman suppresses you, the smug satisfaction of a point blank ambush pulled off so well the entire enemy squad didn't get a chance to fire a single bullet, standing around ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tting with squad mates as you build defenses on a point.The game isn't without its flaws, but it's easy to overlook them with how far the game has come since the initial Early Access release, and how far it plans to go."
,Recommended,393380,21555020,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Stiefelknecht,"The Decision to buy this was very hard for me.The Price is kinda insane for Early Access and if i look into my Library i see DayZand suddenly i have a bad feeling about Early Access.First, if you are not sure if it runs well or just doubt in general, buy it and try it out.(under 2 hour playtime, you can refund it).So my first Game was basically sitting on a Mountaintop and trying to shoot or see the enemy on another Mountaintop, ye well the most exciting thing was to build a Base together with the team and try to change the Situation to one where not everyone of us dies straight away. It is sooo hard to see enemies over a distance.For me this Game seems to be most fun if you defend and build a base, of course.(Edit: Old Opinion, everything else is more fun)Exactly that happened in my second Game.I joined a German server and played in a german squad, everybody was working together and it was fun. We secured a Compound and prepared to defend, there they came...Dont try to shoot an RPG through a Doorway, might get TKs for that xD... while trying to apologize to the remains of my Teammates, i was trying to bring down some nice RPG fire on those enemies closing in from two Directions. We cant go on the rooftops. We cant peek. We try to fortify us with more Sandbags. I hide behind a Wall in the middle of our Compound, a Medic runs up to me to get some healing done. I look at him, a young boy maybe 18, he shows no fear, he does his best as a Medic.Suddenly a read cloud, noooooo Jimmy !!!!! he gets shot ! An enemy made it through one of the side entrances.I hide behind the same Wall, reload my RPG and peek out.Click! There it flys right into his face, i see his body flying to the left.I look at Jimmy. The squadleader shouts to hold the position. I get my AK out and run to the uncovered spot where the enemy broke through. R.I.P JimmyOverall i can recommend this Game after my first Session today. The long Range visibility Problem is annoying, but you just cant change that on such big Maps, not seeing enemies is also kinda realistic. This aint no COD baby.EDIT 1: No Matter how i change the Graphic Settings i always seem to get above 40 frames and in some situations it drops to 30. I hope that performancewise a notable change will happen soon. Still not bored of this game :) (Edit of the edit: performance has improved)EDIT 2: Srsly some of these people cant be legit... i cant see a ♥♥♥♥ing thing and i am not even visible and i already get shot at... there is no way they could know where i am crawling (up some random ♥♥♥♥ing hill in nowhere), i really like this game but it keeps frustrating me that 70% of the time you have no idea who shoots you and how they can see you. I understand that it is kinda the way it is supposed to be (realistic) but the visibility is so ♥♥♥♥ing bad, it feels like everybody else has WH and Aimbot sometimes. WE NEED A ZOOM FEATURE, without having to aim the weapon.(please note, i wrote this when i was frustrated and salty :P )EDIT 3: If you want to watch a typical round on one of the shorter Gamemodes go ahead (yes i played this)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gw2e3Ekv45EEDIT 4: I thought i just add a more action packed clip aswell, so you can see what the combat feels like when you defend a compund.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZdIoyZQZCEAEDIT 5: So the new Version was released, good to see new content coming. They are also still trying new things out and they dont hesitate to remove them again (Aimblur), i like that.EDIT 6: Some time has passed, the game is in ALPHA 8 atm and it is shaping up pretty good, we have better performance and vehicles. It is still a lot of fun if you have cool Teammates. Grab it at  a Sale !!!https://youtu.be/0gA2Q0ypE6sAlso stay close to your fellow rock friends, they might save your life."
,Recommended,393380,30112172,Posted: 22 February,all,xSilas43,"Realism, team play, fairly good comms, and pretty solid ballistics. Its early access so its not perfect but it already runs better than ARMA lolp.s. MEEEDIIIIIIC"
,Recommended,393380,28986508,Posted: 3 January,all,Bearisland,"I got a feeling that this game is going to become one of the best competetive tactical first person shooter in 2017. Before the major updates such as the vehicles and the optimization update we had a monthly peak at 1,500 players. Now we got a monthly peak at almost twice the number (2,900).This is one of the few Early Access games that actually has a reliable dev team with no intention of micro transactions and other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t (looking at you daybreak). If there's a game that should get a chance inside the e-sport scene, Squad would be that game. You need the tactics, the communication, the coordination, the reaction time/reflex and the aim to succeed in a match.Keep in mind while this game is trying to be a more realistic shooter, they're trying to even it out with the less realistic features in the game to make the gameplay less dull and more entertaining. As it says in their FAQ: ''Squad seeks to bridge the rather large gap between arcade shooter and military sim''This game is for those out there with a competetive mindset and want a game that require skill and teamwork to win.If you want to take a step further into the more professional side of Squad, join a clan/team and you will get to play scrims, tournaments and other events against other teams. It makes this game a whole lot more entertaining."
,Recommended,393380,34947357,Posted: 14 September,all,[DC] Thomas,"Cheese and me.Me and this man survived together. We were in this hamlet, defending against the Americans as the BTR that was our lifeline was blown to bits by an incoming mortar round. The squad leader shouts something about incoming as I prepare for a fight. I go downstairs, and Mortar rounds begin to fall all around us, sending schrapnel into any crevis it can find. Our medic was killed in the first volley of fire. I look and I see Cheese, as he says ""Hold me"".Mortar rounds continue to explode all around us, my monitor shakes and my headphones are busted by the sheer power of the PTSD simulator that is being stuck in a mortar barrage with only 3 of your comrades in SQUAD. I hear rapid gunfire as I turn around and see my squad leader fall to the ground. The shelling stops. In a split second my MLG instinct took over, as the American soldier walked through the door I let a long burst rain upon him in fury. He sloops over, dead.I turn around not realizing what is going on as I hear a 50. BMG going off, and panic ensues. We are surrounded. I fire at another soldier who takes cover. I pull out my RPG.... Step out the doorway in which Cheese lies dead, aim it in an instant. And fire at the Humvee's gunner. Fire and smoke fills the air as a immense feeling of satisfaction overwhelms me. I did it. In that moment, I see a Machine gunner turn around, firing his weapon. I am filled with bullets. This is how my story ends."
76561198006675982,Recommended,393380,20012453,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Cptdench,Pretty sure I've gotten PTSD from playing this.Outstanding teamwork based game.If you cant follow orders dont play this.If you like to run off on your own please please dont buy this.
76561198090130633,Recommended,393380,25614889,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,needfood,"Reading reviews for this game recently has made me doubt the intelligence of buyers. They ask for refunds because they bought an unfinished game. IT IS IN EARLY ACCESS. Conceptual this game is amazing and the teamwork in game is beautiful. Squad has huge potential and I don't have a single regret paying 40 bucks for it. I urge people to be patient and look at the elements of gameplay not if you are running at +60 fps all the time. There will be crashes, and when people write negative reviews on an Alpha purely based off its performance isn't a review; it's misunderstanding of what they were buying. Buy it if you believe this game has a future and want to ensure it. Don't if you want a finished game immediately."
15469782156486586,Recommended,393380,19984095,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Helpq,"<joined server<Join a squad<Go to a hill top ecampment<people are building<""are you guys playing minecraft""<they respond with ""yeh men come play with us""<we continue hitting the sand with shovels< a person comes up and asks us why 90% percent of the team is building<He proceeds to tk us<everyone unites and tks him<Now we have a group of 7 people that play squad just to make bases and defending themThis is by far one the best experiences of my lifeI rate 10/Minecraft bases"
,Recommended,393380,21041520,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Piranha,"If your into a realistic type military game, then this game is a must have.  I give it two thumbs up!"
76561198047659364,Not Recommended,393380,20025634,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Huppakee,"Can't recommend this game for now. The only thing working for it now, is only it's concept, it's ""how they want it to be"".For a game to work, from both a competitively and casual POV, a game it needs to perform in 3 areas:-TechnicalGame is not working properly from a technical POV. Disco's, lag and low FPS on high end system. These low frames even drop further when server reaches a certain amount of filled slots.-BalanceOnly infantry available ATM. Balance between factions and classes seems ok. There's not one class to rule them all. All classes are dependant on the other classes to perform. No vehicles available ATM, so no opinion on the balance between them.-Cheatfree enviromentThe game is starting to get infested with cheaters. The developers are reacting to it to slow and to naïve. The serveradmins seems to be and will become the main protection against cheaters. Serveradmins are still humans and because humans can be uninformed and can get influenced, this sytem will break down quickly, like it did in other games that relied on this system. In a game where intel, stealth, dropping the first shot,... is of vital importance to win or lose, 2 or 3 wallhackers that are going unnoticed during a round, will become the gamechangers. If these kinda cheats are not dealt with, a victory will not be decided by gameplans, but with the amount of cheaters a team had.From this moment in time, prioritization of the developers will decide if this game will succeed or not. Considering the above 3 and it's €40 pricetag, I can't recommend this game for now. However, because it's early access, things can always change fast..."
,Recommended,393380,33483628,Posted: 12 July,all,Lucid,Amazingly realistic and immersive. Has the most realistic audio of any shooter I've ever played. If you're looking for a realistic mil sim type game that is a lot less daunting than Arma this game is definitely for you.
76561198056440585,Recommended,393380,20990543,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,IChaosTheoryAUI,Combine arma 3 and battlefield 2 and this is the love child. A must buy for proper team based shooter fans.
76561198023861613,Recommended,393380,23925621,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Piamond Dickaxe,"Get this game.First match, me and my squad (Led by a guy with an awesome accent) get pinned down at a destroyed castle. We're taking grenades, RPGs, bullets tearing through the air, there's smoke everywhere, bodys, chaos. I'm the medic, and I'm running around, bandaging and healing as fast as I can, but people are getting slaughtered faster. At one point, I'm moving to help somebody who's nearly bleeding out, but can't stop shooting to bandage, and as as I approach and RPG flies throught the window and slams into his chest. He's KIA instantly. Friendly squad moves in to try and relieve pressure, they get pinned down, too. It's our 2 squads holding that single point against must have been 30 people, we stood strong for 25 minutes. 25 minutes of non-stop gunfire, explosions, and the screams of the dying.This game will give you PTSD."
,Recommended,393380,19929487,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Potato Faust,"A perfect example of early access actually working. This game is absolutely stunning. However, and this goes without saying, it needs some optimization. Frames are perpetually low no matter what setting you play due to how some models are rendered and some kinks with AMD CPUs. But this is early access and this is a team you can trust to develop an ambitious game like this. Hell, they've already done it once for free before.Be sure to check out the standalone Battlefield 2 mod ""Project Reality"" before buying. These guys did an amazing job there and the games are about 90% the same, it's just that Squad looks like it was actually made in this century."
,Recommended,393380,33802398,Posted: 25 July,all,Tallahassee,"""UP UP UP!!""Squaddie running up the hill gets shot in the head and cartwheels down the hill.  I continued on with my squad only to have my squadmate ten feet away from me get shot in the chest, drop and tumble backwards down the hill. Still we pushed on, smoke all around us, bullets streaking by.  The whole time I still haven’t seen anyone, I hear them ruskies, their bullets whizzing and cracking past. But I don't ♥♥♥♥ing see them! Soon enough my screen goes dark. I start to roll backwards down the hill. I look at my friends as I roll right past them. Sky then ground, sky then ground.  Bullets spitting by, shrapnel and smoke everywhere. Comms firing off. I look at the game menu and see that the medics are dead, ♥♥♥♥ing typical.  It's time to call this life quits, and respawn.  All in the name of Hilltop Encampment.  Even though I died in this scenario without seeing the enemy, I still had fun playing the game.  That is the special thing about Squad, it's a fun experience every time I play it even if I don't go 30:1 i'm still having fun. Squad delivers through its sound, interactions and visuals on its own.  I might be playing and not see an enemy for a few minutes, but the game is still fun through its atmosphere, in the sense of every gunshot, explosion,  and engine being authentic and player induced.MOD SUPPORT, Helicopters with fast roping, and Dragging bodies(THANK YOU) all confirmed features!A note for my SLBuild the HAB in a sensible location, your maze sucks I don't want to do it. Your team will be using this location, show some respect. Also can I get one of those rally points?  Only you can place those ♥♥♥♥ing things, and there is a reason for it and that is in which you’re supposed to be prioritizing it!  It puts the team in a closer position to the objective no matter where the HAB is!  Dont neglect it! RALLY RALLY RALLY!  What's that we’ve moved 200 yards through ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t? PUT ANOTHER ONE!A note for my SquadSMOKES LETS GO!Seriously folks throw more smoke grenades.Don't die with your grenades, throw your grenades.I will not feel bad for you when you sprint through the LMG fire.Don't hug my♥♥♥♥♥in the field, hug my♥♥♥♥♥in the streets.Use the vehicles, don't abandon them!If you have a fire support kit get out of the gunners seat.A note for my PilotPendingThere is a need to communicate with your team and situations will force you to do that.  If you don't have a mic you're going to have a really hard time.This is my favorite game as of now, Im really looking forward to the new features they have showcased.  I recommend people to check out /r/joinsquad the devs are a bit active on there, and I’d say generally good with the community. Three weeks."
,Recommended,393380,31801549,Posted: 17 May,all,Lamen,"Battlefield and Arma made a baby.In Squad you really have to stick and work with your squad, and squads have to work together to win the game.Games are way more elaborated than any other large scale fps games.You don't just rush to the next objective, your team needs good strategies and coordination.Communication is also critical!The game looks and feels amazing.Of course there is still room for enhancements but overall the experience is smooth and fun.Be patient and learn from other players.This game already has a good community and is going to live long!"
76561198014299795,Recommended,393380,21584943,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all, Sc4r3crow ,"I dont write reviews often, but this game does deserve one.Even tho it's still alpha, the game is great. You won't find the feeling you get when you play it anywhere else. The adrenaline rush when you're assaulting an entrenched enemy position or when you're the last man standing in your squad and still manage to kill the remaining soldiers of the enemy squad that just wiped out yours is something hard to describe, those games when your squad is the only one defending a keypoint, outnumbered, while everyone else is out there to capture the next flag... And it will only get better when they add vehicles and bigger maps, note that the ingame maps are already huge when compared to other shooters.I hear some people are experiencing problems with AMD processors, which isn't my case. Also, you need to have windows updated since the game requires Microsoft Visual C++ 2015 to work. The game runs smoothly on my 4 years old rig, so I'ld say its well optmized despite being alpha.TL;DR: if you're looking for a war game, you found it."
,Recommended,393380,33109098,Posted: 1 July,all,wedge,"First of all, the reviews are true: you'll be running a lot and dying a lot from an enemy that most of the time you won't even see, and sometimes you won't be getting a single kill in a entire match. This isn't Counter-Strike, Call of Duty, Battlefield or even Insurgency. This game is like Project Reality: think of Arma's Hardcore Realism + Battlefield.The core fun of this game comes from coordination: playing in a squad with a good squad leader, trying to capture or defending a point, flanking enemy position and destroying their vehicles and FOBs in a coordinated attack with the other squads. And this is pretty special because it makes even a lost match a fun one.On the other hand, playing in a uncoordinated squad and with clueless team mates and squad leader can spoil the entire experience. In that case, just chill, do your thing, join another squad when possible, play until the end of the match and on the next one try to pick up a better squad, or simply join another server.The community is still small and with time you'll recognize some faces and know who are great squad leaders and cool teammates to play with. And do your part: learn to play with your squad, to communicate and be respectful with everyone, otherwise you'll be the other side of the coin.This is definitely a recommendation but isn't a game for everyone, and I can see myself playing and enjoying this game for many years, and can't wait for future updates adding new stuff for the game: helos are upcoming, new maps, gameplay mechanics like vaulting, freelooking, artillery, and so on.It's still in Early Access so there're a lot of rough edges. So keep that in mind before bashing this game with negativity."
76561197973632840,Recommended,393380,19809577,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,White Cracker,"Defended a FOB for a whole round, whitout any encounter so i did not fire a single shot.10/10 would defend the FOB agian"
76561197961660206,Recommended,393380,34194464,Posted: 12 August,all,Jeffy14,"So immersive! The sounds are just amazing. This is so realistic; you feel like you are actually on a battlefield. The graphics look very cool as well even though it is still in alpha.This is a different king of fun between an Arma and a COD or Battlefield. Team play is really important and the 50vs50 battles are just breathtaking. It is for a mature audiance and people willing to cooperate. Otherwise, just dont get into this.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,393380,19765798,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,TopatoHead,"1st and 4th  Squad are moving into to take a bridge in the middle of the town.  Myself and the rest of 2nd Squad are perched up on top of Hill 15.  A hill which we had just taken away from militia control only moments before.  Our Sgt. has us build defenses and before you know it we have a small but capable FOB from which we provided covering fire and relayed enemy movements to our squads in town.  Our Sgt. got a radio call from 4th squad saying they were pinned down by enemies coming in through the southern entrace of the town.  He made the call to move 2nd squad down into the town west and through the middle to come out on the other side and catch the militia out in the open.  Well the militia saw it coming and in between rounds of AK and RPK fire we were ordered to fall back to the center of town to regroup and resupply.  I look around for my squad and I only see the autorifleman, Dunlap.  Dunlap and I were split from our squad by a sea of angry militiamen.  So we cautiously make our way back through the town.  Covering each other as we cross alleys, streets, fields.  I didn't even know his first name and yet he was my best friend.  Finally catching up to the squad I suddenly hear a loud snap and my vision faded out.  I'd been shot.  Dunlap was calling out to me telling me to hold on but before I knew it he was down too.  We laid there, taking in our last breaths thinking about how we got there.  But it wasn't over yet.  A friendly voice approached.  A fellow rifleman, phozz, had come to our rescue.  After a few moments of silence he said something so profound, so life changing, it shook me to the core...""F*** I don't have a medkit""-----For real though, this game is awesome and I can't wait to see where it goes.  There is a learning curve but it's nowhere near as steep as say Arma's or OFP.  You can jump right in and the community (so far...don't let me down here guys) has been very helpful and an absolute joy to play with.  The in game VOIP is the best I've ever used in any game period.  It's great to see a competitive shooter that absolutely hinges on team play.  And the sound design my GOD!!! The distance sounds of gunshots and explosions made me anxious to move up and see what exactly was going on.  The weapon sounds are spot on in this game.  My heart was pounding as a sniper was taking shots at us as we took cover in our FOB.  I'm a milsim fanatic so I can't recommend this game enough to people who enjoy milsims and tactical shooters alike.  Play it. Love it.  Play it some more."
76561198062678737,Recommended,393380,29082941,Posted: 7 January,all,Midnight Flamingo,I have PTSD now.
76561197997597436,Recommended,393380,26506241,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,-RAOR-GrimShadow,"For a tactical close to real life with some added gameplay mechanics, relistic♥♥♥♥♥noises, super immersive and its only in ALPHA, IS THE ONLY DAMN SHOOTER I PLAY NOW! With communication at its core, ability to build a forward operating base equiped with mg nests, soon to be mortars, TOW missles, etc.. is just an amazing feat. The vehicles have just recently been added and with the optimization update run spectaculary.If you are looking for not your average mindless run and gunner, and are looking for a coordinated challege with your team than this game is right for you. If arma was fun and Battlefield was fun, than this game will blow your socks off. With the modability coming to the game (ww2, veitnam, cold war, zombies one day) it will never get old as history and player made maps come to your screen. IMO this game will continue getting better for the 10 years as new techniques, hardware and UE4 get better and better so will this game and hopefully one day VR capable for the lst staple of complete immursion.Disclaimer-still being developed by develpers that actually repond to thier community within hours, and dont get PTSD :)"
76561198085955390,Recommended,393380,21248187,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Mixologist ツ,Its like Heroin but without all that needle mess.
76561197964987436,Recommended,393380,29200158,Posted: 12 January,all,Borse,"I bought this game during the winter sale after reading the reviews here on Steam. I am a fan of Arma, but I wanted a more accessible game without losing the sense of realism or teamwork. Squad, to me, is the perfect match. I've only played a handfull of hours so far, but the first impression is solid.Squad is somewhat similar to the battlefield games in that you have set objectives to capture, but at the same time very different due to its slow pace and tactical gameplay. I especially love the fact that Squad has an easily accessible and built in voice-communication system that is not only functional, but is also used by the vast majority of players. This enables a high degree of teamwork both internally in the squads, but also between different squads. This is, in my opinion, one of Squads biggest strengths as it motivates most players to communicate actively and work as a team.One of my gripes with Arma is that it's a bit clunky - especially when trying to navigate buildings, etc. This is not the case with Squad. Squad has the realism and tactical gameplay of Arma, but it feels a lot less clunky and a lot easier to navigate.At the same time, Squad is still an Early-access game and an Alpha-version at that, meaning that some bugs and issues are to be expected. Personally I have only ever experienced one issue with this game and that is the ""Server closed connection"" issue. This disconnects me from the game-server at random times. I haven't been able to find a cause for this and while it's extremely annoying I don't find it to be game-breaking.All in all, this is an exceptional FPS, and if you, like me, are a fan of slower-paced tactical teamwork games, this game comes highly reccomended."
76561198031648022,Recommended,393380,23742923,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,deliveryguy404,"I don't buy pre-release or alpha games. Friends made me get this. BEST choice I couldv'e made. Feels like a complete game. Devs are amazing, knowledgeable, and very involved with the community especially onreddit.com/r/joinsquad. Great game!"
,Recommended,393380,22415743,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Purplewalrus101,"- Spawned in- I am on Insurgents- When squad all meets up, I ask how many virgins I am getting for this mission- Squad leader responds ""Depends on how well you do""- Another squad member then tries to get me to sign up for virgin credit card type thing10/10 would sign up for more virgins"
,Recommended,393380,28887197,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,XLG,"Made by gamers, for gamers. As a long time player of BF2 Project Reality, I can now say Squad can stand on its on two feet. They had to crawl, before they walked. Now they are hitting the field in a full on sprint. The game is amazing. The community is amazing. The devs actually listen to the community. Whats not to love? I hear people say they are turned off by the MilSim aspect of this game. Let me tell you right now that this game, although based on warfare, is NOT really a MilSim. It's like the best combination of realism and casual. You can pick up anytime, hop in a squad, and go to war. It's definitely not ARMA, but thats not a necessarily bad thing either.  As a huge ARMA fan I can say whole heartedly that SQUAD fills a void that ARMA 3 just can't seem to satisfy. I would recommend this game for anybody interested in teamwork, modern combat, and a sense of constant danger when outside the wire.TL;DR Buy it."
,Recommended,393380,20517954,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Probably A Cop,"In Squad, you will join a squad, play 20-30 minutes, and log out to get yourself treated for PTSD."
76561197969067252,Recommended,393380,25392308,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,[v2]Hiv3,"A true Battlefield experienceOverall : 8.5/10 Best Battlefield Game on the market right now.For reference I would give BF3 a 7/10 and BF4 6/10.Hardcore squad based gameplayNo crosshair, no killcam, mini HUD,no enemy radar, realistic bullet to kill ratio etc...This game's mature and more a simulation of a battlefield than a deathmatch with tanks.You played Battlefield games in hardcore and it was not enouthDeveloppers are alive, helico are coming.Team are for now 40/40 max, aimed at 50/50.You are a worthless soldier only the squad counts, listen to squad leadVehicules usage requires approval of your Squad leaderBase construction : Squad leaders build the plan, you dig Soldiers!Deployable .50 Machine Gun, Mortar , bunkers, sandbags.Realist impact explosions and smokes with good game engineAsymetric warfare, factions have different asset and gameplay.Supply system prevent the neverending grenade/underbarrel spam like in Battlefield game.Good in game voice system (spacial localisation, and 3 channels)You agree with at least 5 of the above? WORTH BUYINGNeed more ?Similar toInsurgency : with bigger scale/map/playersArma 3 : with smaller map, less walk and less vehicule for nowBattlefield 3-4 : same scale, less destruction, no air for nowBewarnedNeed mic, or you can't call medic, can't be a squad leader, less fun.Hard start, learning curve.Hilarous since everyone has a mic...You do not need a scope to kill far, just fire more bullets!! Iron sight ftwThere is a good community, say hello when you join a squad, everything start from here :)Update Performance :This game run smooth with at least 70fps on good server, in local training I have my 144fps.No crash since alpha 8.xintel 6700k32gbAMD 290triX 6GBSSD 4gb/sFollow the white rabbit"
,Recommended,393380,31327424,Posted: 23 April,all,( ͡   ͜ʖ ͡  ) Nemám oči -),Thanks for flashbacks10/10
,Recommended,393380,29717152,Posted: 5 February,all,[SFW]Matrovska,"This game is awesome for FPS game. Active communication between players, had few updates to fix bug and glitches, many future updates to make this game fun to play with different factions and customisations, this game really worth to buy when on sale because this game still in alpha not full realease.I love playing this game because many things you can do in battle, such build something, being truck driver, scout when you like walking alone, sniper when you like stay undercover and killing enemy without spotted, chilling with your teammates talking whatever you want, many reasons that make this game is fun to play.*If you have 30 fps in-game is good, it's still playable because this game is not fast pace gameplay."
76561198194638870,Recommended,393380,34351138,Posted: 19 August,all,Polyyboy,Best tactical shooter on the market at the moment and only getting better with time. If you are mature want a shooter with a more tactical approach then this is the game for you
,Recommended,393380,20459041,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,BlazeitTyrone420,"I now only have £8 in my account and I have to wait until Thursday to get more money.£8 / 4 = 2I can only spend £2 for lunch, for you Americans, that's like $2.9110/10 would survive on KFC snackboxes for a week again."
,Recommended,393380,19826972,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Teiko_,"I have very mixed feelings about squad. On on hand its been an awesome immersive experience with casual tactical gameplay, on the other ive been experiencing massive lag spikes that are at times unplayable. Before i get hate, i understand that I have paid into an early access game that is being worked on constantly. This is why I beleive that squad has HUGE potential as its bridging the gap between casual shooters such as Battlefield, Call Of duty and more tactical slower paced titles like Arma 3. My only concern is the influx of squeekers and ""toxic"" players that dont communicate or play the objective if the game goes on steam sale or the game is endorsed by certain youtubers ;) (no names). This can be overridden by careful decisions on behalf of the development team.All in all If your someone who can maturely play as a team BUY THE GAME! However if your looking for a ""COD experience"", look elsewhere :)"
76561197980346704,Recommended,393380,20644850,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,wreckt,"I was hesitant to buy based on reviews saying AMD performance was poor, and also the $40 price point.8 hours later and it's the best money I've spent on a game in years. After 3-4 games I learned the ropes and really, really enjoy it."
,Recommended,393380,32876488,Posted: 27 June,all,Kalven,PROS:- The community will gladly help you with anything. Learning the basics of the game are recommended before trying out the role as squad leader. But i had a game recently where the whole squad helped out a guy that just bought the game and picked Squad lead.- Realistic shooter with exciting firefights.- The game gets regular updates which keep you on your toes.- Fairly big variety of maps for early access.CONS:- Small community.- The lack of different gamemodes.- Fairly steep learning curve.If you like shooters and teamwork definitely buy this game.
76561198110857855,Recommended,393380,34637748,Posted: 31 August,all,Rangertre,"What happens when you combine Arma 3's realistic feel, Battlefield's graphics, and add DCS/MilSim-level teamwork/coordination?SQUAD is JUST not quite a MilSim, but it's close. While the Arma series focuses on a gigantic map where you can launch corps-sized operations over a hugly flexible and moddable system, SQUAD is focused more on... well... Squads.You fight on a set of slightly less gigantic maps (still huge) in roughly platoon-sized teams of several squads of players. SQUAD is objective-based, meaning it is not as open-ended as Arma, but it feels more realistic due to (in my humble opinion) better graphics and effects (such as a suppression system), better/realistic gunplay, and much higher teamwork requirments.Although not (yet) as moddable as the Arma series, it is a very impressive game, and I will go into an atypical length to review it. WARNING: Long review, I'm sorry... this game deserves it.How I saw it early on, is that SQUAD essentially has the ""ACRE"" radio mod from Arma built into the game, and microphones/headsets are almost mandatory, as communication and teamwork is SO important that NOT having a mic can actually prevent you from playing in certain situations (Squad Leaders (SL) who do not have a mic are kicked from the SL position automatically).I have yet to see or play a game where communication and teamwork is so vital that the team with the better-coordinated squads will always win. Thus, it is needless to say, this game is quite intense.Time for the overused Pros and Cons list (Hooray!):The Good Stuff:* Very realisticAgain, not quite MilSim, but one of the closest games that is not DCS. (Unlike DCS though, SQUAD uses this realism in a fun and engaging way... not boring at all)* Great gunplayTakes some time getting used to, but the guns are realistic and they feel right. LMGs take skill to not blaze away uslessly over the enemy's heads due to recoil, and not everyone can be a Marksman (I am one of those few ""good"" DMs in this game). Bullet drop (applies to rockets too) is present similar to the Arma series, and you move slightly different depending on what weapons you are carrying.P.S. Sick of OP snipers in other FPSs? In SQUAD, marksmen play a role in the fight, but are quite difficult to use right, and are by no means overly powerful. Being a marksman is actually frowned upon in a lot of in-game situations. I usually play Anti-Tank when we don't need a marksman.* ""Battlefield-level"" graphicsWhich, coupled with the level of realism similar to Arma, makes this game a joy to look at. You will get immersed in the battle very quickly due to this and the level of interaction the game requires. This game does not have the destruction system of Battlefield or Rainbow 6 Seige, though, but certain obejcts can be shot through by certain weapons.* Communication and Teamwork matter...A LOT!! You WILL lose if you don't communicate, making this not only a realistic game, but also a interesting social experience. The stress of realistically-simulated combat, the importance of leadership, plus the unobstucted use of voice comms, means you get to really meet people, and you will make a lot of friends in this game.* No hackers.(read that again in disbelief)Hackers are evidently non-existent on the official servers due to powerful anticheats and the game's own mechanics. And at the moment, admins are usually on-call and will quickly deal with griefers, teamkillers, and radio-spammers (a big offence in a game that focuses on communication). I have yet to run into a hacker in this game, which is a first for me in my 15+ years of gaming.To any hackers reading this, I can actually tell you honestly to go somewhere else. Not because hacking is bad anyways (which it is), but because you really will not last long trying to hack this game. I'm sorry.* Leadership roles are, due to the game's realism and need to communicate, quite challenging. Not eveyone is cut out for squad leading! Learn ""people skills"" while playing this game!* SQUAD was unbalanced early on (regular armed forces [RUS and US] tended to win a lot against the irregular forces [insurgents and militia]), but recent updates have balanced the factions, vehicles, and weapons out quite nicely.* Very good options, settings, and keybindings.* Players tend to be more willing to work togetherThan in most other games, since this game forces you to do so. You can do very little by yourself, however, those rare moments when you do pull off something impressive by yourself or with a buddy, you really feel like heroes!While you always have your bad apples, I would consider this game to have (so far) a better player community than most.* Game Updates happen pretty regularily (slow but steady)And each one adds important content such as bolstering the anticheat further, optimizations, bugfixes and graphic glich removals, game content such as new vehicles and soldier types/weapons, game balancing, and framework for future updates.While helicopters (long anticipated) have not been added due to game balance considerations, the game's current state, etc., they may be seen in the future once SQUAD's few kinks get ironed out. The Devs appear to be intent on building and upgrading a working system first, then adding content. Good Work to them so far!Not-so-good stuff:* IMMENSE learning curve.Getting used to the realistic movement, being able to (and forced to) communicate realistically, having to deal with the minimalistic HUD, and getting used to the idea of not being able to go rambo, will take a lot of patience. Once you learn the ropes, though, what you learn will pay off.* Game takes a while to download and uses a bunch of memory spaceThat said, the game itself runs very smoothly for most PCs despite the intense graphics.* Official Servers are few, and they are usually maxed-out on playersSo finding a game can be tricky. However, joining a server has been simplified in a recent update.* Near Arma-level controlsA tad complicated, but you will get used to it pretty quickly (especially if you have played any of the Armas before).* No avatar customization (as of 08/31/2017)SO FAR, you can't modify what you carry/use, which is great since the game is going for realism, but what I don't like is that you can't change your soldier's face, his skin tone/color, and his hair (for insurgents, who have beards. Everyone else is clean-shaven and wears helmets or hats, so the latter matters little). Although the uniforms, helmets, and vests are not (and shouldn't be) customizable, it would be nice to be able to customize small bits of clothing like scarves, sunglasses, and such to add a little bit of variation to the avatars.I would entirely recommend this game to any miltary fan or anyone who is serious about teamwork and coordination. I wholeheartedly DO NOT recommend this for people who like individual-focused games like COD and Battlefield, as SQUAD is among the most severe team-oriented games I have played, and you will be destroyed time and again if you do not work together!SQUAD is one of my favorite games right now. Joining a random squad at the start of a match, becoming good friends through shared hardship, and combining your team's diverse skillsets and personalities to win... there are few games that evoke this kind of comradrie with other players. Friendships you make in a battle will carry on to other battles, and even to other games!I just wish they had more Official Servers, because the 20 or so available right now are pretty packed most of the time!"
,Recommended,393380,26625224,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,wF.Pliskin,It's the game that everyone wished the Battlefield-series would be.
,Recommended,393380,20285976,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Sentionix,A guy confessed his love for my squad leader after he saved him 10/10
76561197997989073,Not Recommended,393380,20472606,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Sham3R,"* Edited to show Fixes listed at bottom *If you have an AMD computer, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!! ( In its current state )While yes, you might see my low♥♥♥♥♥hours ""played"" ingame but those so called played hours are me.1. Trying to find a server with decent ping to me.2. Lagging so hardcore due to UE4 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on AMD products.3. Finally getting into a server only to be able to watch the scenery skip around while i try to play.Basically, If you have and AMD products don't expect this game to work. I can run every other game on the market on MAX settings with out a problem yet this game which IS NOT GRAPHIC INTENSIVE my rig ""cant handle"" And before anyone downvotes this review look at the Squad forums WHERE THEY EVEN STATE THAT AMD PRODUCTS WILL HAVE PROBLEMS!-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------@ EDIT #1     1/12/2016Using the Squad Forums I was able to get assistance for a Work Around to get my game running while the game is playable now, it still has the same issue just not as severe as before. Thus I will not be changing my negative review until the AMD issue is fixed. I am linking the Forum Pages that helped me with my problem. The links are below to try to help any other users looking for possible fixes.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The Main Support Thread for AMD. Look at the first post for possible Fixhttp://forums.joinsquad.com/topic/5951-to-all-amd-cpu-users-we-need-your-help/Some thing to help troubleshoot your stuffhttp://forums.joinsquad.com/topic/4947-getting-framedropslag-when-people-talk-on-the-radio-solvednope-nvm/A Thread that helped get a little more of my FPS backhttp://forums.joinsquad.com/topic/5869-performance-tweaks-for-extra-fps/"
,Not Recommended,393380,19785155,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,BZ,I cant recommend it in its current state. It is poorly optimized and lacking a lot of content and features. A bit overpriced for what it offers at the moment.
,Recommended,393380,33823056,Posted: 26 July,all,Finn The Human,i absolutely love this game i sck at it but ive still got a ways to go overall 5/5
,Recommended,393380,21739709,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,School Boy Fuck You,As a big fan of arma and battlefield games this game is perfect for me.This is the game of the year 2015 for me.
76561197988812304,Recommended,393380,25564477,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,[RIP] Tanaka,best shooter/tactical gameIt's likeArma 2with oldAmericas Army. Even COOP with other players is still good
76561198037559336,Not Recommended,393380,21218883,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,adam92107,"Pros: Great community with great servers that do a good job policing themselves. Huge, beautiful maps with great game modes. Some very intense firefights where maneuvering and coordination beats run & gun every time.Cons: One of the most glitchy games ever, every map has a few players taking advantage of shooting through walls or terain with immunity. Scopes are OP, everyone rushes to fill those slots and the 10% of players with optics get 90% of the kills. If you don't have a scope, keep some Ibuprofen on hand because you'll spend the whole game a few inches from the screen trying to tell if those few pixels are a bush or an enemy, and hopefully not an enemy with a scope. Russians and US look too similar, so again, hopefully you have optics. You really need a decent computer so you can crank up textures so you can see what is what, hopefully you have optics. US are OP, their basic infantry have red-dots, it just isn't balanced.Maybe in another year or two this game will be worth it, it is still in Alpha."
76561198026999205,Recommended,393380,22228151,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,ZACHMMD,"TL;DR Fun game now, should be a fantastic game later. If you have AMD products wait for them to fix it.Let's start off addressing the elephant in the room, AMD performance.My specs are as follows:NVidia GTX 970 4GB16 GB of Corsair Vengence ram.AMD FX-6300 6-Core CPUNow with that setup I can run just about any modern game at Ultra 1920x1080 60+fps.So I thought Squad would be no different. Squad seemed to agree with me, when it ran it's diagnosticsit set the settings on ultra.So, I booted up the firing range; 120 FPS.""Wonderful"", I thought.So, I joined a server and saw why everyone was complaining; 28fps with lag dips constantly taking me down to 5-10 fps for short moments.A little sleuthing told me that it may be a problem with the audio engine. So, I edited an INI and changed a setting or two.I scored 2 extra frames per second.At this point you may be wondering why I would reccommend this game. ""Why Zach"", you might tell me, ""If what you say is true, it's garbage; unplayable!"" To which I would respond with this retort, ""but it fun tho"".The game is incredibly fun, even with the lag spikes and poor frame rates.For early access and only being in alpha, the game is coming along very well.Graphics are mostly pleasing right now, although improvements should be made.Audio is fantastic, everything really sucks you in.Gunplay is great, bullets have a realistic damage model and bullet drop. Yet it isn't like Arma where I felt I couldn't hit anything.What really makes this game for me though is the community. Most everyone is friendly, and I have yet to hear someone claiming to have ""done the copulation"" with my mom.The complaints I have right now include:AMD performanceCan be really difficult to see enemies.Textures and general muddiness in the graphical area.Overall this game is amazing. All it needs to make it a must have for anyone interested in more realistic style shooters is better performance.It's worth getting right now if you are running an NVidia-Intel setup but if you have anything AMD, wait for them to fix it."
,Recommended,393380,19814460,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,gam,10 akbars / 10
,Recommended,393380,20559325,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,"=1PARA=Jessie @Fort Worth, TX","it will be a Good Game as long as they finish of missing features and improve optimisation on Release.Think of Project Reality with additiıonal positive features on Unreal Engine 4. ( Sounds good,right?)-Alpha version 4.0 Review- Not Actual Finished Product!Pros of Alpha:+ Good Tactical Squad Play+Good sounds+Good İmmersion level of effects+Decent Graphics """"subject to improve to its full potential of Unreal Engine 4""""+Buildables (Defenses-FOBs)+Quality infantry Play+integrated positional VoIP for proximity talking & radio+Dedicated Servers Max 72 Slot (it will be 100 slot in future) """"50v50""""+Tactical Community (Most of the people actually support/listen Squad Leaders) Which is amazing.+People play their roles. (it's amazing to see Random People come along so good in a game)Cons of Alpha: (V 4.0)-Lack of Good Ragdoll and Gore-No Destructive physics (Can't understand Why as UE4 Supports it)- No binocular view-No ieds-No Vehicles-Mountains are flat as hell, lack of proper Valley mapping and route for ambush.-No Tunnel Digging or No Caves (Higher Mountains) Especially for Weapon Cache Mod)-No CAS and Artilery (for West)-No Mortar pits -Artillery support ( for insurgent)-No Horses/ for insurgent (believe or not They do still use horses along with Toyota's and Isuzu's)-No Tacticals with AA and MG (Toyota/Isuzu)-Low Amount of different weapons/attachments including optics-Low amount of different Maps-Low amount of different Factions ""ATM"" (USA/Russia/Taliban/Caucasus Emirate ""Chechen""-No Personal Stats/Rank/Achievement Progress-Lack of AMD CPU/GPU  support - General optimisation-Moderate Price tag for limited features in Alpha.I do Recommend funding it , so they can finish faster and able to hire more staff for better quality product on release.(Vehicles/Maps/ Weapons-Attachments will be released along with Logistic Roles and Support)This Review is mostly for 4.0 Alpha Version of the game if you consider buying it when it's Alpha.Cons might be a lot atm, but making sure of listing what you'll get and not in Alpha will make it honest review rather than giving everyone hype atm.7/10 (ATM)"
76561198066030224,Recommended,393380,30361912,Posted: 6 March,all,Mr.Makk,"This game is, for me, on par with the Arma franchise in terms of fun.I have a spectrum I use to guage the realism of shooters. The far left being COD, and the far right being ArmA, with the Battlefield franchise somewhere in the middle more towards the COD end. This one is similar to Battlefield but it's much cloer on the spectrum to ArmA.Realistic gun physics, and great vehicle physics (When you're not getting a bug that catapults your BTR 60 feet into the air with a extremely high velocity spin).The focus on teamplay and the natural punishment you receive for trying to solid-snake your way around with no regard to your team by servers and the normal game mechanics combined usually has you playing really engaging matches, sometimes lasting an hour or more.What's more is the community. Goofy and bantering as hell, but usually collected, cunning, and methodical at the right times - you'll find yourself in an actual virtual battlefield playing with guys/gals everywhere from Russia to Brazil and in between.About thirty minutes before I wrote this review actually, I was in a Russian server screaming lines I translated with Google Translate to moderate effect, as a BTR inserted itself onto my squad (literally).At the time of this review, there's an imminent update coming up adding a bunch of new features including some heavier tracked vehicles and 30mm cannons.So, that being said, this game would EASILY qualify for my 5/5, but being in early access limits it to 4.5 max (complicated I know)4.5/5 - Highly recommended if you happened to like Battlefield, ArmA, or both."
76561198117624990,Not Recommended,393380,21377610,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,JaRoMayO 2.0,"As other reviewers have previously mentioned if you have an AMD based rig avoid this game entirely. It is completely unplayable, and I am not exaggerating in the least when I say this. Here are my computer's specifications:1. AMD 8350 CPU2. Noctua DH C-14 HSF3. ASUS Radeon R9 280X4. Asus Crosshair V Formula-Z Motherboard Revision 1.01 BIOS 16025. G.SKILL Ripjaws X 8GB (2 x 4GB) 240-Pin DDR3 SDRAM DDR3 1600 (PC3 12800) Memory Model F3-12800CL9D-8GBXL6. CM-STORM TROOPER Computer Case7.CORSAIR HX-1000W PSU8. CRUCIAL M500 240GB SSHD.With this in mind you would think based on the minimum system requirements set by SQUAD's developers I'd at least be able to play the game on its lowest possible graphics settings. Guess again, this game with graphics settings all turned on low and all optimization advice followed from SQUAD's sub-reddit,  doesn't even run above 25-FPS ever!And if it does it stutters like crazy. I also know it has nothing to do with latency because all servers I played on had less than 60 ping.  To be honest I have no clue how this game is available for purchase on Steam as its essentially a crime considering the price.I am not new to playing pre-alphas or alphas and I am not a new PC gamer.  This is the only game I have ever requested a refund for and I have purchased hundreds of games from Steam.  Please do yourself a favor and DO NOT purchase this game until the developers get serious about optimizing the game, because as it stands right now its the software equivalent of a $40 paper weight."
76561197994706269,Recommended,393380,19757340,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Fogfun,"Great game, but don't play as a medic if you have high blood pressure."
76561198002564294,Recommended,393380,26539447,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,[OMBD]S0dA,The best teamwork based realistic tactical shooter on the marketThe sound during battle is amazing.I have been playing this game for over 550h - safe buy!
76561197978765247,Recommended,393380,30687963,Posted: 23 March,all,ReleNtless1g-1H,Best game i have played in a long time! havent played with a single troll the realism is amazing and makes the gameplay so fun! 10/10 from me
,Recommended,393380,29518436,Posted: 27 January,all,fever,"Despite not really being interested in Arma after watching people play it (it seemed slow and without teamwork), I picked up Squad after watching several people stream it and I'm glad I did.  It's early access but what I've seen so far is enjoyable to play and the mechanics, whilst still not complete, are reliable and consistant.  Some early access games have very problematic gunplay (e.g. H1Z1: KotK) but not with Squad.  It's already robust enough to already have a popular competitive scene.The community is very helpful and there isn't much trolling on the community servers I've played on due to a very high admin presence  (I play on Rusty in Places servers mainly).  I was also surprised that 95% of people play the game seriously and don't ""lone wolf"" or not communicate with their team mates.Updates for the game seem quite regular (several times a year), which isn't bad considering the devs are making the game in their spare time, it's not their 9-5 day job.  They also have a very good relationship with the community which is essential for early access.Even if you've not played a military simulator before, I'd recommend watching some game play on Twitch, you might become as hooked on the game as I have.Explain like I'm 5: It's like CS:GO on a bigger map with multiple squads on each side, vehicles and the games last about twice as long.So far I'd definitely recommend Squad."
,Recommended,393380,26555332,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,-BMF-,Alot of idiots reviewing this game with 5 mins of playtime and its bringing down the score. Game is actually very good and promotes teamwork and tactical gameplay. Runs well and has a great feel to the guns and sound design. I cant wait for the upcoming updates!Edit: good job everyone it was nice to see the comunity standing up against unfair and uninformed reviews!
76561198282041644,Recommended,393380,22365653,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Retirement,"> Be Me> Be an Anti-Tank Soldier> Start advancing to an enemys Weapon Depot> BAM!> RPG hits the Mountain side shots flying everywhere> OH♥♥♥♥♥♥MP3> I hit the deck fearing my life> Men screaming for medics hearing their war torn voices> I pull out my LAW> See some Taliban around 100 meters or so in a building> A tear flows down my face as I hear a member of the Taliban> He is only 12 years old> He tells me ""♥♥♥♥ OFF U ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥1v1 ME IRL""> I hesitate then pull the triger> Multiple KIA> We push onward for about 15 minutes until we reach another cache> BAM! TAP TAP TAP TAP ""MEDIC!!!!"" TAP TAP TAP TAP> I was hit badly> FkUrMom69 runs over to me> I stop him..> ""Let me die"", I said> I die> Respawn 30 seconds later and do it againThis game will give you the chills. This is better than ARMA 3 for realism"
,Recommended,393380,25068693,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Stargate,"Is the game perfect? No.Do the devs constantly release content, updates, and help as best they can with issues? Yes10/10, It's the most realistic shooter i've came across, Open maps, variety of weapons, actually requires team work not to die!, base building, vehicles!."
,Recommended,393380,29649684,Posted: 2 February,all,Reffan,"If you are looking for first person arcade shooter like Call of Duty, Titanfall or Battlefield - this is not the game you are looking for.However, if you would like to play semi-realistic FPS (like ArmA or Project Reality, from which Squad comes from) with heavy focus on teamwork (microphone is required!), this is the game for you. It has awesome gunplay, it feels intense despite being slower paced than most of the modern shooters and community seems to consist of mature, adult people. Yes, as something in early access, this game has glitches, bugs, optimalization needs some work too, but developers are actively working on it and provide community with monthly updates on their site showing progress of thing they are working for. For a game in early access, this is transparency that is not common. If you are willing to give it a go, I am sure you will not be dissapointed.I wasn't."
,Not Recommended,393380,20525198,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Marcus,The best sound effects I have ever heard in a videogame.  Great graphics.  Adrenaline pumping battles.  Demands teamwork over the microphone or you will lose.  Overall this game is pretty awesome however there is not enough content or levels for them to be charging 40 bucks.  If they bumped it down to 30 it would be fair.  I can't recommend this game at the moment due to the price.  Save your money until this game goes on sale.
,Recommended,393380,25579060,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,TheZenWalker,"I love the game... but the only problem is the lack of coordination of the squad leaders. There really needs to be a commander position. Give it the ability to call in UAV's or something, I dunno.But he needs to be able to issue orders to the squad leaders, and be able to give the team cohesion."
,Recommended,393380,19730512,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Robert,"People who play ArmA or Insurgency will enjoy this as well.I can recommend this game to anyone who likes authentic gameplay in a teamplay-oriented eviroment.You might as well enjoy this game, if you are just tired of arma all the time and if you are looking for fast and yet tactical action.But (yes theres one) this game is not really worth ~40 bucks. I bought it nonetheless, since i believe in the developers and want to support them."
,Recommended,393380,22244055,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,4s*,It's exactly what battlefield 3 should have been.
76561198249066170,Recommended,393380,20414584,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Shifty,This is one of the best games out there even in its alpha. Always have a great time. The community in this game is unreal. The stuff people say in this game leaves me laughing my♥♥♥♥♥off. My friend has about 4 hours into this game and he finally got his first kill. Had to take a picture of him posing with the dead body for memories.10/10 will take pictures of anyone's first kill again
76561197966208453,Recommended,393380,26535174,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,[OMBD]Zaigon,"Been playing this a lot! If you like team work,tactics and action, this is a game for you. If you don't follow your squad leaders instructions and go bf,cod style you're gonna die. Love this game"
76561197993666685,Not Recommended,393380,20324322,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Keyser Soze,"VerdictBuy now!Buy on saleSave your money (for now)Summary:The disclaimer here is I had the game but returned for a refund. In it's current state and at the current price I couldn't justify recommending to anyone.Let me say though - the premise is a great one. Teamwork to the fore as you and your fellow squads work to secure objectives and eliminate the enemy. Some great features like fantastic ingame proximity VOIP really serve to emphasise the teamwork vision the developers have for the game.Additionally there are no KDR's (Kill Death Ratios), the scoreboard works on a points system so whilst you can see who has contributed the most points on your team it is clear that the focus isn't on the lone wolf soldier just gunning for the best KDR. Here is where the game first comes unstuck, you have no idea who actually killed you - is it the enemy from 300m away or is the the guy team killing on your own team.And that is a nice summary of where the game is currently at. The idea and vision are great, execution is badly lacking. Given the game is Early Access then I have some tolerance for bugs, but this game desperately needs some quality of life features, even at the expense of a little realism (and let's face it a medic reviving someone who is dead and they go straight back into battle is hardly realistic anyway). Currently at the moment hacking seems to be a real issue as well, which to their credit, the devs acknowledge, but the announced partnership with easy anti-cheat doesn't fill me with confidence.Throw in the almost AAA price tag for a EA niche game and there is just too much going against this to recommend at the moment. Unless you are an absolute die hard fan, I recommend sitting on the fence and see how this one develops over time.The Good:The idea and vision to emphasise teamwork over the individualInnovative gameplayInbuilt VOIP works greatThe Bad:Some real quality of life improvements are needed to enahance gameplay, even at the expense of some realismBugs (to be expected with EA but you will need some patience)Major content still coming (i.e. vehicles)The Ugly:Hackers can be a problem on serversGriefers are a major issue if no active adminGame currently does not warrant AAA price tagOverall Score:5/10"
76561198041975815,Not Recommended,393380,25337219,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,GrayDaemon,"I can't recommend this game at all because of how much stuttering messes with every match I join. I play in high res, low res, update drivers, nothing works."
,Recommended,393380,35116780,Posted: 21 September,all,STGr | Strat,"Squad is a Response as much as it is a Game. It's a response to the incredible need for a game that helps capture the brutality of war in a way that helps give an appreciation for what fighting in a war really means.Granted, its very much a game, with health bars, revive mechanics. It is by no means a 'Realistic' depiction of war, but is instead an immersive depiction of it, allowing oneself to fully flow into the role of the unkown soldier, fighting alongside one's brothers.You will run around in a gunfire with no idea where you're being shot from, while failing to understand what your squad leader is screaming over the sounds of mortar fire, while defending your last position from a full on assault. Hiding behind the mountain of sandbag barriers that you and your fellow squad teammates built, the laughs and cheery banter that you and your squadmates shared will fade into the distance, as the last remaining sandbags finally dissipate, and you are finally laid to rest. Only a moment later, the fighting fades and a list of players appears on your screen, where you discover that you held off the invasion just long enough to achieve victory.This was one of my personal experiences, that having played a large number of first person shooters (mostly on console) I can absolutely say is completely unique to this game. It's not just about the mechanics and the graphics, its about the feel of the game, and every time I play this game I feel as if I'm bring thrown into another possible life that I could have lived, if only things went differently up until this point.I seriously applaud the game developers for creating an innovate, incredible game that helps to capture such a serious subject in a beautiful way, instead of trivializing and exploiting it as almost all other first person shooters do.Buy. This. Game."
,Recommended,393380,25069228,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,MrSamQc,if insurgency and battlefield we're having a baby this would be it.
,Recommended,393380,30280873,Posted: 2 March,all,󠀡Lòng trắng󠀡󠀡,"Squad is a realistic based FPS set in modern times. This game is extremely realistic as you can tell already. But that doesint mean this game cant be a mess around. You can stick with your teammates, Play tacticaly and sneak behind enemy lines or drive a truck right into action, Either way its fun. I love the communication in this game. You can talk tactics, call for medics or just have a laugh with your friends. This game is not finished yet but for what they have done, its a brilliant game. I rate this game 8.5/10Rate may change in the future."
76561197984950706,Recommended,393380,26579922,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,MaDeuce,The biggest problem with this game? You - the Steam community.
76561198010934172,Recommended,393380,29355914,Posted: 19 January,all,I just wanna be pure,"Squad deserves a much higher score on Steam. It is a fantastic MilSim, and while it is not as large scale as Arma, it sure as hell runs alot smoother. Im lucky to get 30 fps in Arma multiplayer. Squad does alot right, and considering it is still in Alpha and under heavy development by an experienced team, I am excited to see where it ends up. Even though it is in Alpha, it is still a fantastic game with a few glitches here and there. There are vehicles now which was very needed and the maps are diverse and big enough where its difficult to realize the difference between them and Arma's. The ability to build F.O.Bs and the amount of power given to squad leaders really brings out the difference between Squad and other MilSims. It forces you to work together to achieve your objectives. Yes, most of the time you are going from place to place, holding a position, or even moving supplies to your F.O.Bs, but when the action does happen it is incredibly intense. Squad is the perfect combination of Battlefield, Insurgency, and Arma, and I cant wait to see the future of its development."
,Recommended,393380,26542914,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Lokislav [SVK],"POINTLESS REVIEWS CONTAIN- ""Walking simulator"" - Really? What else do you expect from war? BF or CoD playstyle? And what else do you expect from people not having microphones and being unable to erect some plans?- ""It is unoptimized"" - It is optimized. And also, it's Early Access in Alpha, your argument is invalid- ""It is boring"" - See you on the frontline- ""I ran kilometers and then got shot in the face"" - What do you expect from war? Being firstly saluted and then welcomed near a fireplace?- ""It's clunky"" - it's Early Access + it's not an arcade FPS- ""It's a failed ARMA copy"" - It's not trying to imitate Arma, and Arma is a failure in my opinion, I just love this game for what it is, not being overly complex, not having to have key combinations to be memorized. It's from the Project Reality team, check the game out.Conclusion: Certain 'reviews' should really be deleted.The game is amazing even now, when you hop into a good squad with a great squadleader, you are bound to have some action (of course if the enemy team is not lazy). Tactics is what matters here. The graphics are fine, the model of the AK is my kind of porn. I love lighting up the Humwees with an RPG, it was ultimate satisfactory. Of course I had to shoot twice -.-The sounds are wonderful and quite realistic.I am happy that there are Russians as the guns and the overall feel is great, I hate playing for the US forces all the time, it feels just ridiculous. I expect China too!The game overall has a lot to offer even though it doesn't have huge content. I am playing during this Free weekend as a fan of Project Reality, so I know what to do, but the noobs really destroy it, sorry to say so. If only they had mic or knew English...10/10 I recommend it"
76561198019610469,Recommended,393380,34913179,Posted: 12 September,all,a fluffy bunny,Best military coperation game you can find with a comunity that is the best from every game that exists so far.
,Recommended,393380,19708548,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,NewDivision,First time playing this type of Simulation style game:Pros:1. Easy movement2. Easy inventory selection (changing weapons)3. Voice communication is very clear and easy to understand4. Controls are extremely easy to get used to5. Graphics look amazing in all aspects. (Running on High settings. Inlucdes very nice lighting for gunfire and explosions)Cons:Have not found a single one yet. Will update as soon as I can.So far my raiting is 10/10
,Recommended,393380,26561195,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Stupid Sexy Flanders,"Highly recommended! Check the hours played - 1,152 hrs on record, 93.7 hrs last two weeks. I put more hours into this game than I do at my job!!Now even though I absolutely love this game, it definitely isn't for everyone. The game is a lot slower paced than the likes of Battlefield CoD and CS:GO, it's in Early Access, it's somewhat low-budget (at least compared to the AAA titles), it REQUIRES you to use a microphone and communicate with your team, each round usually takes over an hour, if you die it can take a long time for you to spawn and run back into the action, and it could do with some further optimisations. All of these, apart from optimisation issues, aren't even flaws though; that's how the game was designed to be played. It's meant to be a mix between a mil-sim and a game - somewhere between Insurgecy and Arma. If you know what to expect when you go into the game then you will enjoy it a hell of a lot more.I don't even know where to begin with the positives. The devs are extremely active, hardworking and receptive to feedback. Updates come frequently. The community is the friendliest and most welcoming you will find in any game (not even exaggerating). The teamwork is unlike any other game. The maps are beautiful, varied and are very well laid out for gameplay. The controls are simple and intuitive and movement/shooting feels great (nothing like Arma's controls). The sounds are amazing. Squad Leaders are able to choose where you can spawn and the enemy can remove your spawn points (this is unlike all other FPS shooters and is really what sets Squad apart). The intensity of the match varies massively throughout each round - can go from sitting around on defence for 10 minutes doing nothing but scouting to suddenly being hit in an all-out chaotic battle with the enemy from all directions. It's the perfect mix between a mil-sim and a game (I would put it between Insurgency and Arma)... I could go on and on.If you're looking for a slower-paced game that is HEAVILY teamwork focused, requires a lot of strategising, and has the best community in all of gaming then you've found the right game. At least give it a go and if you don't like it get a refund."
76561198383401497,Recommended,393380,32087592,Posted: 31 May,all,luciuswr,"So far; so good!After reading a number of good and bad reviews I finally decided to take the plunge and cough up the dollar, and give it a go.Thankfully - the game is everything it advertises and more! Very good tactical shooter, very easy to get an understanding of, controls are simple and plenty of menus which provide support. Having a mic is key, so if you're intending to play, I suggest having a mic.Graphics aren't to shabby and the audio is fantastic. Community is extremely friendly and helpful as well.The only issue you WILL encounter are technical ones, game crashing/blacking out, pop ins and outs, guns unresponsive etc. Thankfully none of these are enough or happen frequently enough to effect the overall gameplay.I'd say £20 - £30 for this game is spot on - well worth the money."
76561198012619996,Recommended,393380,26533989,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,[OMBD]Perzeuz,"""Do you recommend this game"" Yes or no?This seems to be a fairly simple question. However  one should first consider- have I played enough (maybe 0.5 hours is in all honesty not enough) in order to convey a soild and reliable review? Do you have a good amount of experience with the game to be trusted with - thumb up or thumb down.Let's continue with squad,Squad is not a game:-  that's easy-  that's done.-  where you will be able to lonewolf your way to victory.-  where you will surrvive - if you decide to not communicate with others.-  you'll enjoy - if you play soley following your own agenda caring only for your K/D.-  for you, if you think the CoD combat tempo is 'just righ'.-  for you, if you are appalled by the idea that you can not 100% master a spray pattern.-  for you, if you can't handle the idea of using single fire 95% of the time.-  for you, if skins and unlocks gets you incomprehensibly wet.-  if you can't stand the idea of defending objectives.Squad is a game :-  in which the core mechanics will punish you if you deviate from your squad.-  that's still alhpa.-  that might give you PTSD, the suppresision in this game does not f*ck around as of V.8!-  where grenades will cause you to♥♥♥♥♥♥your artificial pants and scream over voip: GRENADE GET DOWN!-  that is tremendously rewarding if you work with you team mates.-  that has an AWESOME and dedicated dev crew that listen and communicate with their community.-  where the clan community is fantastic.-  where you will become a force to be reckoned with if you learn to communicate with others, if you are disciplined to the   bone and if you stay frosty in all situations - even when indirect fire and 50cals hails over your defence point.So lastly: Do I recommend this game?Depends on how you relate to the statements above."
,Recommended,393380,30990839,Posted: 6 April,all,Shooter Swag,"Guns go pew-pew, armored personnel carriers go boom-boom, and the few prepubescent children that rarely play & talk in the game actually know what they're doing!I like it.**Disclaimer:  Not COD-fanboy friendly.**"
76561198020093023,Recommended,393380,24096643,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,suchamoneypit,"A mix between ARMA and battlefield, with super-tactical gameplay and a serious community of players. Squad is the most immersive shooter I've ever played. Combat is intense, the sounds are hyper-realistic. I have never had an experience as intense and immersive as when im on a squad thats communicating effectively and working together."
,Recommended,393380,19782584,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Snowdude,"Great game! Bit overwhelming at first and not for the casual gamer. Microphone is a must. Also has a lot of potential to be a very, very good FPS!"
,Recommended,393380,20748658,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,[TAW] Avguste,"This is updated review as of 1/25/20161. This is a game i have been waiting for ever since the Americas Army devs made their game arcade like.I recommend this game to any player interested and willing to play ala military (tactics, comms) .2. since launch, the devs have released 2 major patches that fix many of the optimization issues related to AMD. The game is very much playable and enjoyable.3. devs and moderators are very active on official forums and listen to the community."
76561198035699783,Recommended,393380,21565458,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,MattersEnd,"Well, where should I begin?  Squad is something special.  It sores very high while it’s flying, and perhaps falters ever so slightly when it’s not, mostly due to other people.  The development team has laid out a yellow brick road that seems to be on track.  Make no mistake, if you have hungered for something real, something tactical and representative of intense visceral infantry (and perhaps in the future, vehicular) combat, this is that game.The genius of squad lays in what it creates.  Emergent, medium scale infantry combat based around team play.  Switching weapons takes a bit of time, as does preparing a grenade or smoke grenade to throw.  Moving is not very quick.  These are all good things, because it creates an environment where you need to think before you act.  It really isn't that hard to understand what this game is about.  Think of an instance that countless people have shared and that seems to be the staple of amazing moments in Squad.  You and your 8 person squad is moving to an objective on a map that represents a few square miles (they are big map).  You have a general idea of where you’ll meet the enemy, but there are no guarantees. It seems slow.  You all decide to stop and drop a rally point.  You here a hiss of bullet cross your plane past you nearby.  There's no 'snap' so you know it’s not exactly on you, but it’s nearby.  Maybe you hear a few more hissing bullets scream by, and then a snap.  You hit ""B"" to engage squad comm's and begin to tell your squad you think you’re being shot at.  An explosion of gun fire erupts, everyone’s on comms screaming, all hell breaks loose, your SAW gunner starts unloading in hopefully the right direction.  You and your squad are frantically trying to communicate where the fire is coming from.  You notice your rocketeer launch an RPG, and for a moment are dazzled by the beautiful animation of the back blast before you get your head back in the game.  Smoke is being deployed ahead of you to cover your retreat.  The other side launches a rocket and decimates your squad.  It’s all over.  And it all took maybe 3-5 seconds.  That, at its core, is squad.The audio is a dream.  The graphics are absolutely gorgeous (although this is the only department I can think of where EA is really apparent.  The anti-aliasing is not finished, so some maps in the desert with lots of shrubs look rather gross atm).  For the most part, if you land in a good squad, you'll have a great time.  If you land in a bad squad, you may need to switch squads or teams.  Sometimes you need to find a new server altogether.  You may waste 10 minutes doing so until you get in a good server with a communicative squad.  But once you do, you're in for an amazing ride.Let’s address some of the cons, and if you follow the forums you may have been misled into believing there are a host of problems without realizing there mostly client side.1. My game runs like crap/balls/low fps etc.:  This is primarily people running old computers.  I upgraded (spent $400) recently on an i3 6100, gtx 950 and 4 gigs of ddr4 ram, and this game runs like an absolute dream.  Go to twitch, watch people play.  It runs absolutely amazing.  Bugs are not very prevalent.  Your windows is not fully updated, and before running updater and installing all of the updates you decided to get on the forums and start b*******?  Well that’s your problem.  BUT, you’re REALLY lucky that the community is so amazing that people are going to help you.  No one is going to troll you, and rarely do people get on your case about not using the search function if you're sincere.(One small side note, if you’re running an AMD cpu you may get mixed results.  I don't know much about it since I'm luckily running an intel cpu, but I've seen and heard people with AMD's are able to run this game).  The point of this paragraph is to set the record straight.  This game is VERY well optimized at this time if you have a decent rig.  If you're running a potato, then either upgrade or wait for more updates.2. ""Peoples suck and I can't play with a good team"" bla bla bla.  Right, just leave your squad and find another one.  Switch teams and repeat.  Still no good, leave the server and do it again. Maybe you lose 10 minutes of your time.  If that’s unacceptable to you and you can't invest a small amount of time to have a great experience, then I think COD is going to be on sale this week, it’s that way _______>Almost every issue is resolvable thanks to the amazing community that is Squad.  That community involves the developers who are extremely active on thejoinsquad.comforums, redit, and twitter.  I avoid the steam forums bc it’s mostly COD people who try this game out for 20 minutes and begin complaining.Is this game for me?Great question, let’s see if we can get that sorted out for you.  Are you mature minded?  Are you patient?  Does the idea of brief moments of intense fighting interspersed with moments of boredom as you walk large distances and communicate with your squad excite you?  Are you okay using a mic and having real living people listen to your voice and talk back to you okay with you?  Maybe this games for you.On the other hand.  Do you think COD is the best thing since sliced bread?  Do you frequently get into arguments with people on forums even though your right and he is wrong?  Is it other people’s fault that you died and your team sucks?  Move on, COD is your game.This is an experience that will be remembered for a long time because it does what so many of us have yearned for for the first time.  Take a risk and you may find yourself having a lot of fun.  Or maybe you hate it.  It is well worth the risk to try it out."
76561198091271021,Recommended,393380,20211325,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,runtrat,Buys gamesomehome gets forced to play medicgets pooped ondecides to play the game until 5:30AMseems like a pretty good game
,Recommended,393380,20952575,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,[HotN]Weeping-pirate,"I was like pfff Another EA game....I ended up loving this game few hours after i started playing+ immersion 10/10+ Net code 9/10  * one of the better ones out there *+ Communication/community 10/10 , best you get on the internet.+ For a ea game very few bugs!- Server browser is limited currently, hard to join with 3+ friends.- You not having this game!Verdict 9/10"
76561197970506758,Recommended,393380,31516080,Posted: 2 May,all,Reverend Jones,"I'll keep it short for those of you on the fence and just tell you I've been into hardcore military sim shooters for over two decades.This is one of the best teamwork/squad based first person shooters I've ever played. A true and worthy successor to Project Reality (realistic mod for BF2) and something every FPS player with a love for realism should own. Developers are constantly updating and refining the game too, eventually we will have attack choppers and CAS jets.It takes all the ""realism"" a videogame can reasonably muster and channels it through a game that's easy to pick up, hard to master. Everything feels significantly ""smoother"" than anything you do in Arma III, from movement to shooting and netcode. This was built from the ground up for Multiplayer.It goes on sale all the time, buy it and let me know if you need some introductory help, the community is great for newbies, just listen to your team and be willing to learn!Final note:A microphone is all but mandatory for the full Squad experience. This game is about true teamwork and the side that lacks it will almost certainly lose regardless of individual player skill.Hope to see you on the battlefield!"
,Recommended,393380,31111680,Posted: 13 April,all,[SFW]morrigan,"Bought this game last week while it was 50% off. Whether you enjoy the game or not really depends alot on the squad itself, especially the squad leader.A good squad leader doesn't necessarily mean a pro who is leading the team to victory, there's more aspects to that. At least to me, a win or loss doesn't matter as long as I had fun. Squad isn't a fast-paced shooting game like CSGO, hop/bam/shoot. The map is huge, with the limited stamina, like others said: Squad can be the Walking Stimulator, so with that being said, the gameplay can be long. Therefore getting good teammates, people who have the right amount of patience, squad members laughing at their own fails, a teeny tiny bit of fooling around - all of these makes a great game.Personally for me, I feel so blessed to have the best of luck meeting the best squad leaders and members.There was only that one time when a squad leader ask me to stop wasting time and get to the vehicle when the capacity is already full since it's not a humvee or those big vehicles. Left me stranded, pushes the blame when I didn't make it in time when I had to walk all the way to the location.Whether to buy the game or not: Yes, please. You should really consider getting it, the community so far has been great :) There's no need to own whatever loot crates or dlcs to get top of the game, the name ""Squad"" says it all, you and the members. Together & united XDThankyou for reading my review and I just want to thanks every single one of the players I had played with for your kindness & patience."
,Not Recommended,393380,19833505,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Info cs.money,Goodluck getting into a high populated server. Goodluck playing this game with any AMD CPU.
76561198016267192,Recommended,393380,19772608,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,ziomax90,"Hello, this is an awsome game.. the reason is that its absolutely immersive on a real tactical fps war simulation, as in a real fighting you need to cooperate with your squad (and the squad leaders to comunicate and organize the squads movments also. ) and have tactics to hold/ambush/ conquest positions . Inside the squad there are roles that included  medics (that can first aid and save a wounded soldier,)  or machine gunner, rifle man, sniper, bazooka, and squad leader . well you can also build where ever squad decide some barricades... bunker and much more.   Its a very fun and professional game, its a kind of mix between arma 3 and isurgency.   Also the maps are so big, the audio effects are so realistic.  Im generally very strict to give a high rating to a game, but in this case i must say its a very good game , its still an alpha and is already very good. I will advice this game to anyone searching for a realistic first personal shooter simulator.  10/10"
76561197992634794,Recommended,393380,19791708,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,NaSiC™,Best tactical FPSS i have ever played !
,Recommended,393380,26552895,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Shaxx,">Join Server>Creates ECHO squad>Becomes SL>8 People joined, none of them are toxic and we are still friends now>Get orders from ALPHA squad to take a radio station>We all get in a truck and head for the radio station, its epic>While driving someone drops a grenade and we just got by without the truck going up in flames>Get to the radio station>Contact>Run into the market to get cover from the enemy firing at us>Starts to capture the point from the market>Constant radio chatter and me trying to give out orders, its working they are begining to fall back>Enemy comes back with 2 Squads and a BTR>Men start to panic but are having a blast shooting♥♥♥♥♥♥>Have to order a EVAC to the poppy field south of us>Begin to run away to the poppy fields with my now half injured squad, many are bleeding>Take a moment to rest, I do a recount, only 6 of us left>BTR followed us and we ran for our lives while being gunned down by it>None of us survived...This story is true and I've not had this much fun out of a videa game this year. Just from this experience alone I would rate the game a soild 9. Not a 10 becuase its got a few bugs and optimization issues but for the most part its amazing!"
,Not Recommended,393380,20018185,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,CloudKP,"AMD USERS BEWAREI desperately wish that I could recommend this game.It has a great concept, the community is great and from what I hear the gameplay isn't half bad...But I can't experience it.My computer can run most games really well, but there is a known issue with AMD products with this game so as of right now, I can't run everything on the lowest graphics over 2 FPS... and I'm not exhaggerating.I hear there will be an update within the next month fixing this and I will change my review if it truly fixes it with a review of the game's content."
76561198102862655,Recommended,393380,19909861,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Big Mac,Great game the graphics are good and the realism is amazing
76561198074324511,Recommended,393380,20000089,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,ArrangedTuba292,"It seems impossible to win your  men are all at base and are giving up! BUT SUDENLY A MAN YELLS WE MUST DO THIS FOR STALIN, CHARGE!!!!!!!!!!! And then the whole team yells HOORAHH and we charged out of the base geting mowed down by m249s but what the americans cant undestand is that super stalin human waves tactics always win!!!!!!!!! This actually happened and becuase of the shear greatness of the game i give it a stalin/10p.s. we lost we lost real bad jonny died too"
76561198205364152,Recommended,393380,24525916,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Daniel,It has very good potential but needs better optimization
,Recommended,393380,20420186,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,GruwelijkSnel,"This is the game I've always dreamt of.You are either a Squad Leader, or Medic or any kind of troop in one of the teams, forming an army. You follow the orders of the SLs and must constantly keep an eye open to enemies and your teammates.Where is everyone? What is the optimal position to hold? Where is the SL? Are my teammates ok? These are all questions you keep asking yourself throughout the game.Stick to the squad because you DON'T want to get killed. Medics already have plenty to do and you don't want to be that guy who has to walk half the map to find a weakened squad. You are just a troop following orders being constantly fully aware of the surroundings. That's it.I purchased this game in January 2016 when it still was and is in Alpha. Yet this game has so much potential, for reasons I will explain.The conceptYou follow your role and stick to it. You always follow the orders. This could be holding a base, helping other teams, etc. The goal is to, I think, to conquer as much of the map as possible.The game itselfThe game itself is relatively demanding on hardware for the graphics it carries, but it should be acceptable. Don't expect anything too fancy (yet). I haven't played many games but the level of realism in the maps is a bit better than Far Cry. The player interactions are proper.Communication is something this game has a great focus on, having implemented somewhat realistic means of voice chat. You can call teammates and squad leaders and troops in a 20 m radius, which is pretty neat. Also good chat implementation.I don't know what's up with the servers but they're always full so you'll have to choose a server far away with high ping. The people are very kind and don't yell at you, which is what you also shouldn't do. Given the complexity of the game and the amount of awareness needed to play it, you should understand that you aren't the center of attention even if you are the top fragger who just got killed. You deal with it as a group where the ambiance is a factor as well. This is probably why I love the game the most.ConclusionThe game has extremely lots of potential. If you have the money and find it very interesting, buy it. You will find yourself playing it for many hours. Otherwise just wait until it's out.PEOPLE WITH AMD WILL SUFFER EXTREME LAGS, WILL BE FIXED SOONConcept 10/10Graphics 7/10 (for now)Gameplay 10/10"
76561198058793590,Not Recommended,393380,19747360,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,End Is Nigh,Big downside to the game is the AMD optimization. Anyone that has AMD GPU or CPU will have to face incredibly low FPS.If you're AMD user wait for Devs to solve it and don't buy this game yet.
76561198001027300,Not Recommended,393380,20807170,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,jlpmon,"This game's mechanics are awesome, however they are currently experiencing some horrific optimization issues which halve's the fps performance you are used to and generally makes the game tedious to play.  Apparently fps WAS working correctly, then an update caused this problem w/rendering too many player bones.  If/when this is fixed(keeping in mind game is in Alpha), will update accordingly."
76561198022851392,Recommended,393380,26210591,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,[OMBD]Andersson,Best tactical FPS
,Recommended,393380,26549031,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Soapmactuna,Amazingly fun and intense game. Probably the closest to war you can get in a video game without the clunkiness of Arma.Just balancing out these reviews because of these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ reviewers expecting a BF or COD gameplay.
,Recommended,393380,26579265,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Dr. Rockso M.D.,"Game can be quite fun, especially if you have a crew of people that can actually coordinate and have a plan.You can go rambo and camp hills to backup your teammates or you can roll out, right besides your teammates.Although, (when working with teammates in close proximity) strategically placed vehicles allow you to get more kills much quicker (via ambushes) you are not necessarily forced to play a certain way, though strategy definitely helps and earns you wins. There are key roles to gear out in your 'squad' and cooperation and coordination is very much a thing in this game.There are some basic gameplay issues such as [1] not being able to hot-swap between weapons (I don't mind waiting for a single weapon/item animation to play through before accessing what I want, but if you happen to accidentally hit the wrong key or are swapping through your items, you have to wait for every last animation to load to go between each) [2] players simply refusing to go down (apparent hit registration issues), despite a half-dozen shots to the chest or head [3] the weapon sway/accuracy when prone is just absurd - with a sniper, its unrealistic to the point where you can't control your hands to take down people from when flanking from behind, where in reality you would simply aim, point and shoot without much issue [4] not being able to use vehicles unless specifically approved by squad leaders [5] etc. It is a lot of small annoying things that add up to get in the way and are hindering the potential of this game and I get the impression that the devs have the intention of keeping things pretty much the way they are.This game is supposedly a mix between the milsim and arcade shooter, and though I appreciate the distancing they attempt from gamplay such as found in Call of Duty or the Battlefield series, the mechanics seem unnecessarily clunky or purposefully 'difficult' to use (poor game design).REVIEW UPDATED TO POSITIVEAfter having logged in many more hours, I've come to appreciate what this game has to offer. I hope that things will continue to improve, as the devs have been adding more content and such. At this point in time, I would recommend this game, even in Early Access - I've had more fun than any other FPS that I've played in the last year and have grown quite fond of this game."
76561197975972950,Recommended,393380,31059871,Posted: 10 April,all,NavyElk,"Date of this review 4/10/2017I had been thinking of purchasing Squad for a while now, am I am so happy they did a Free Weekend to play and 50% off sale.I run a pretty beefy system:i7 6700GTX 108016GB DDR4SSD Drives (no platters here)Windows 10I have everything maxed out and the game ran perfect.  I had zero FPS lag or drops that were noticeable in over 19+ hours of play this weekend.My 2 son's play onAMD FX-8350AMD R9 380s8GB DDR37200rpm Platter HDsWindows 10And the game ran very well for them as well.Sorry to hear others had issues running it but we had 3 different pcs running it with no problems at all.1st off the TG server that we played on all weekend was amazing.  I did not meet a single Troll/Jerk or whatever you might want to call someone that makes the game not enjoyable and griefs others.  There were many new people playing from the Free Weekend, and every Squad vet I came in contact with was more than helpful to every one of us Squad noobs. So my experience with the Squad community was amazing.  Actually it was the BEST I have ever encountered in over 20 years of playing multiplayer games.  It was just amazing.  Maybe not all servers are like the TG Server but it was just incredible.The game play was also incredible.NOT PERFECT, the biggest issue I had was stupid really but it does make a difference.  Not being able to vault over things or being able to jump over, say a fence or a wall.  Having to travel further down a fence or wall to find a spot you might be able to jump over or find an opening, was a bit frustrating at first, but I got use to it real fast, but I have hopes they will be able to fix that in the future.SQAUD is just so FUN and IMMERSIVE.  The sound of a vehicle driving up and its 50cal shooting while trying to get to cover, and squad mates trying to call out its location for the Anti-Tanker to try and take it down – Just amazing.  The level of communication that’s needed and actually happens, between the proximity and or squad chat is just AMAZING.The difficulty of using the weapons in this game compared to others is just simply AWESOME.Each game takes an hour or more to usually complete, the maps are big, and yes there is travel time and lulls in warfare, but when you find yourself in the middle of a battle it so immersive, you feel like you are really there.None the less Squad has 3 new players, I purchased 3 copies.  One for each of my sons and one for myself.  To be honest I had so much fun, the 50% price tag seems like I stole this game.Again it’s not PERFECT, and it is still in Early Access (which personally I hate seeing so many Early Access games charging money, and I own a lot of them, RUST, ARK and so on) but this one is worth every penny I spent.People that have rated this game negatively that have less then few hours of play, is not fair to the game, they did not give it a fair shake.  My first couple of hours I was pretty overwhelmed with everything going on and trying to figure it all out.  I even watched the 7 Squad training videos and such before I started playing.I would defiantly recommend this game to others that are looking for a very Fun and Immersive Realistic Military Sim type game that is a lot easier to learn then Arma, and a lot harder to play then say Battlefield, Rainbow 6 Siege, and America’s Army.I would rate this gameGraphics: 8.5/10Sound: 9/10Gameplay: 9/10Community 10/10**UPDATE 4/18/2017***I now have over 48hours played and still stand by everything I stated previously.  I have still not encountered a signle Troll/Griefer.  It is just truely amazing.I have continued to play onTacticalGamer.comserver when it is full and if not there on THUNDERDOME!Game is worth every penny and then some!"
,Recommended,393380,26547490,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,tropikal°,"First, completely disregard negative reviews from people with less than 3 hours. They have no idea what they’re talking about, though they would want you to believe otherwise.Second, if you're coming into Squad with the idea that it's some sort of Call of Duty of Battlefield thing where you just run/drive around randomly shooting stuff, you should read - and I mean really READ into what the game is. You'll just be disappointed when you find out it isn't your generic, lowest common denominator FPS.Squad, like Project Reality before it, is a true combined arms, team-based first person shooter. If you’re a good teammate and squad member, you’ll have a great time. The firefights are fast, loud, and brutal – the maps are large (only going to get bigger!) and offer opportunities to use all sorts of tactics to defeat the enemy. There are already a few wheeled vehicles but eventually tracked vehicles and rotorcraft will be added (possibly some limited fixed wing aircraft as well). It isn’t all about the shooting though, you can construct various structures (bunkers, sandags, etc) as well as emplaced weapons. There’s even a system for logistics, helping to keep friendly forward operating bases supplied.As you should know, it is an Early Access (EA) title and, as you would imagine, it is incomplete. This means not everything that will be implemented is currently in. This also means there will be bugs and glitches. Don’t worry though, the devs aren’t just taking your money and running with it (something troll reviewers like to say), it is actively in development and out of all the EA titles I own, the Squad devs are the most transparent, vocal, and hard working.Pros:-Extremely active dev team-Updates and content added regularly-Teamwork and communication-Fantastic audio (seriously, crank up the volume!)-ModdingCons:-Performance issues for some (lot of optimization done recently though)-The few players who don’t like teamwork or communicationtl;drBuy Squad, it’s awesome and it’s only going to get better."
76561198058250167,Recommended,393380,26542821,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Tactical Drop Bear,"One of the only games that can truly make my heart race, great graphics, great effects and particles, sound design is also very good. If you're looking for a challenging team based FPS this is a great game to pick up. I highly recommend picking this up."
76561198007145952,Recommended,393380,26545684,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Arcterran,"(Free Weekend 11/11/16 I do intend to buy it as soon as I can however! Which I did! So the ""Product recieved for free"" Tag no longer applies)This is to Battlefield to what Insurgency is to the Modern Warfare Call of Duties. A soley multiplayer focused, more down-to-earth, realistic, intense, and satisfying version of the more recognizable title.Like Insurgency, Squad has a bit of a learning curve, so do be patient with it. You are leveraging completley different skillsets than just marksmanship and manuvering in a CQB environment. You HAVE to work well with others, Going out lone wolf will get you killed and potentially lose your 50-man team the game. You HAVE to know how your role fits in the greater picture, and you HAVE learn how to keep your eyes peeled!Know your tools, know how to leverage them, and work together. A good squad truly does make for an amazing experience.Do be aware it is early access, it is not content complete as of this writing, but in it's current state. Squad certainly doesn't feel like one!EDIT: A couple additional things, Get a Mic! Know how to use the Various voice channels, and I highly reccomend actively searching for groups. Discord Channel Looking4Squad is a good place to start."
76561197964771583,Recommended,393380,31021412,Posted: 8 April,all,PropZero,My current addiction in life. This game is in alpha with a good outlook on its future. Seems people that hate it are the COD BF3/4 generation. Community is probably the most mature I've seen.
,Recommended,393380,31163225,Posted: 15 April,all,Sabs,"I refunded Squad when it originally came out due to displeasure over the poor game mechanics and optimization at the time. It has come a long way since then, and I wholeheartedly recommend it. Besides the fantastic teamplay and realism, the sound and visual effects are spectacular. Well done Offworld Industries."
,Recommended,393380,34837758,Posted: 9 September,all,AzZaMaTr0n,"Before you buy, try out Project Reality, which is essentially the same play style as Squad and is made by alot of the same developers as Offworld Industries.THIS GAME IS NOT FAST PACEDYou take your time and move in groups, if you go out alone YOU WILL DIE.The devs are great and features come often and even though many more features are to come, it's fun and playable as it is."
,Recommended,393380,28490896,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,TheOneEyedDog,Squad is an amazing game for anyone who likes the arma series but doesnt have the patience to wait an hour and a half for the next helicopter to pick you up. FOB building is honestly fun because as soon as the first walls go up every enemy in a 2 mile radius b-lines for you. gunfights feel fresh yet fammiliar and vehicles are fun overall 9/10
76561197991966599,Recommended,393380,24886465,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,SHOTDOWN210,"One of (if not the best) early access games I've purchased. The developers seem to be constantly adding / modifying / debugging the game and are highly responsive on the subreddit. I actually look forward to coming home from work and getting to hop online with a bunch of strangers for some tactical (and sometimes goofy) fun!The $40 price was the biggest hurdle for me. If you're very hesitant I say wait for another sale. Otherwise if you can spare the $40 and enjoy tactical military shooters that doesn't require trecking over hills for 2 hours to find enemies, I say Squad is the game for you!"
76561198045868313,Recommended,393380,26559987,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Qube,"Got it for the free weekend, played 5 hours, bought it next morningIt's slower paced than a lot of FPS but it fills a gap between games like Battlefield and games like Arma. You can't just run and gun all over the whole enemy team but you also aren't going to sit in the grass for 45 minutes waiting for literally anything to happen either. I like the pace.Communication between squadmates and between squad leaders makes the game, I'd recommend getting a mic to get the most out of it"
76561197964383008,Recommended,393380,23734383,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,[RedCoats] ☆FLIPPY★,"I enjoy this game immensely, even though it is very difficult.  Let me repeat, it is very difficult.  There is no handholding here, no experience points, no perks, no unlocks, no kill cams, no 3rd person view, no spotting, and no Pavlovian gimmicks/bs.  Your skill and how well you can work in a group determines if you can defeat your opponent.  If you die a lot, it's because you suck.  This is a 'big boy' FPS.  The other team will not go easy on you.  If it feels easy, try playing against a clan(s), I bet that will change your mind. If COD and BF are too arcady for you and/or ARMA briefings are too long, then this is for you. This is a no frills FPS that finally scratches that itch that develops over years of FPS BS games pushed out by big publishers.  At the time of this writing, it is in v6.4 ALPHA, and it is still very good.  For a small group of DEVs, they are pushing out a lot at a respectable pace.  Plus the SDK is already out, and seeing as this is the successor to Project Reality, the longevity of this game looks promising.TL;DR: Easy to learn, hard to master and a lot of fun."
76561198133992934,Recommended,393380,23907446,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,kruegs19,"Intially on the fence about buying squad, however glad i ended up purchasing it. Refreshing change of pace to the current fast twitch style FPS out right now. If you're looking for a slower more tactical style of shooter with a heavy focus on teamwork (that people actually engage in) this is the shooter for you. You won't be disappointed"
76561198001619362,Recommended,393380,25852561,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,BucketOfHurt,"The game is very good! Yes there are a few optimisation problems but most will hopefully get fixed at the V8 patch at the end of this month. I'm running it on Ultra with gtx 770 (slightly OC) and i5 4670k at around 40fps (good enough for me). I crash to desktop at around every fourth or fifth hour, but it's usually not so much of a deal. All in all I'm enjoying the tactical play and voice communication immensely and even now in early access think it's worth the money. Hopefully this'll only get better and better in time.You can follow the development of this game at joinsquad(dot)com and they're quite transparent with info on how things are coming along. There will for instance be a new urban map, javelin, mortars, improvised insurgent weapons etc inplemented into the game soon. A Squad gameplay video called ""Going full FUBAR"" persuaded me to buy this; and I've not been familiar with any military sim before this."
76561198041867947,Recommended,393380,19793778,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Alcoholic Aardvark,If you want to experience  authentic modern combat while killing Americans and cleansing Bosnian militias than this is the game for you. You can play as a medic and hide as your comrades scream for help over the 3d VOIP that this game promotes .10/10 would get ptsd again
76561197972095687,Not Recommended,393380,19969830,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,The Viking,"I watched a lot of gameplay on steam and this looked like a really fun game. I think it can be once it has more time to develop. It tooks me almost an hour to get into a server that was not full. There is no way to sort the servers currently which makes it difficult choosing one with the best ping. Out of 10 successful games that I was able to join last night, every single server crashed. I refunded the game. I may revisit it later on down the road once it is a little more polished."
,Recommended,393380,26550444,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Ender,"Many people find the long round lengths and periods of time where nothing happens while on defence boring. If you are one of those people then unfortunately this game is not aimed at you.However for those that get a kick out of the suspense of not knowing when the firefight that might last a full 10 minutes will start, or those of you that appreciate being able to work as a cohesive unit with your squad to achieve goals, this is absolutely the game fo you and I cannot reccomend it enough!"
,Recommended,393380,26533046,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Skatardude10,"As a long time ArmA fan, this game is a no-brainer. I was holding back till now because development seemed slow, features were lacking, and _*just another realistic FPS*_ didn't appeal to me.That is until this free weekend, I decided to give it a try... finally.The game is _*WAY*_ more fleshed out now than it used to be. I can only equate this game to the smoothness / fluidity of Battlefield, with the speed and pace of ArmA, but well focused on actual objectives, combat, and obviously *squad* gameplay.Battles are intense, Uniforms are diverse, vehicles are *SCARY* ... building fortifications is creative and fun... I can only say... thank you guys... SO GLAD TO BE PART OF THIS SQUAD COMMUNITY NOW! GAH!!!!  <3"
76561198041447102,Recommended,393380,26534663,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,IAMAFISH,"before this game i never used my mic. now i cant stop talking to new people. turns out there are alot of nice people that play squad :Dto enjoy this game work as a team, do what the squad leader tells you to do and communicate (with a mic)this game is great and 100% worth it with the sale price!!just remember its early access .. so maybe dont buy it if you really hate bugs and not the best frame rates :)"
76561198324018775,Recommended,393380,31015216,Posted: 8 April,all,EksMachina,Its like playing in real life Airsoft battle :) So hardcore. Love it. 11/10
,Recommended,393380,20691891,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,aR | eKrub,"It is not as immersive as Arma, it is not as action packed at Battlefield, it's just right to hop on and have fun."
76561198060870462,Recommended,393380,26546468,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,BrunorTex,The love child between Battlefield and Arma!One of the best FPS ever created!
,Recommended,393380,26544107,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Dolphin,"This game is truely one of the most ground breaking team oriented game on the market. The amount of team play in this game determines who wins each and every match. From a team of Modders from Project Reality Battlefield 2, Offworld Industries has perfected what was the dream, Squad. With V8's release it has completed the games number one complaint from the community, which was optimization. The Offworld team has met the demands of the community and now is on track to create one of the most tactical FPS games ever. Good job Offworld, I'll see you on the Battlefield!"
76561197993486028,Recommended,393380,19983475,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Bill Nye Your Moms A Guy,This game is like nothing I've ever played. No game will give you the sensation of bullets whizzing over your head while your squad get bombarded with grenades and your team screaming as your medic is put under intense pressure. When you push with your squad and all is quiet then the sound of sonic booms as you get put under fire or while you hide in fear as you hear rpg fire on your squad. I've never actually been terrified of gun fire till now.The time when you command your squad and watch as your decision either wins you the game or watch as your friends get mowed down by an m249 gunner.One of my favorite fps games.
76561198042663827,Recommended,393380,24679118,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,[WS] Willum,"The best tactical shooter currently out there.The community is warm and welcome with community matches and loads of fun evenings.Keep in mind that with recent reviews, a wave of COD SUPER DOTA +++ players that wish they could fly sideways up walls have tried the game.Look at the hours in game ;) Some people have the right to an oppinnion. Some just dont. You cant play a game for 5 min with a hope of being the biggest top-shot, and actually succed.No.This game needs skill.Do you want skill? work for it. Dont have skill? Dont blame the game."
,Recommended,393380,30074326,Posted: 21 February,all,SQ-MAK AVCI,IMMERSIVE TACTICAL TEAMWORK
,Not Recommended,393380,30061006,Posted: 20 February,all,♥Automne & Vyllis♥,"For now i wont recommend.This game is aimed to be an in-between Red Orchestra & Arma and bought the early access for supporting the dev vision.I play sometimes while waiting for it to mature and got satisfied.For an Alpha game, the feeling & mechanics are really great. Game is becoming more & more polished and tactical with the updates.ButThe game is still in Alpha and like 2 more years before its realease and we are already hearing about 'paid standalones' with a risk of playerbase splitting.I recommend you to wait and see witch of the standalones or base game will en up better before buying any of them (unless you buy them all).Thank god i still have Rising Storm 2 coming around to play if things get bad."
76561198090354567,Recommended,393380,26616916,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Black_Mamba,"I live, breathe, and eat this game. Hello, everyone! I'm Black Snake Moan.This is the first game that I've ever played in my life that has fulfilled my criteria for being the greatest video game ever. I currently 750+ hours and I honestly feel like I will never stop playing this game. I bought it for 5 people already. Now let's get into this.This is a video game with a steep learning curve for anyone who is interested in buying the game. I highly recommend that one gets familiar with the NATO phonetic alphabet or start making friends with soldiers, because that knowledge will be very useful. I normally play as a Squad Leader in Squad. This role/kit gives me control of 8 of my own personal hoodlums. I'm responsible for not only having a wonderful time myself, but also I'm responsible for giving each of my squad members and even my whole team, the ride of their lives. Squad Leading is a stressful kit, but it comes with many rewards. The gameplay is always intense. The sounds are always intense. The combat situations can turn sour in seconds and your squad needs to make split second decisions in order to reverse these situations and save the game. This game is not ArmA, where you need to always be so specific with how combat must take place as it is in real life. This is not that type of simulator. This combines the realism from ArmA with a little dash of Insurgency/Battlefield. It's 100 times better than any of those games. I wish I had more time to play this game, but on the times that I do, I can't seem to remove myself from my chair. Hours go by and I am so immersed into the gameplay that I don't ever want to fall to sleep.TL;DRGet this game. Stream this game. Promote this game. Love this game.Squad is Love."
,Recommended,393380,31002572,Posted: 7 April,all,[TDNL]SiC,"Squad's maps are big enough to give 80 players (at the moment) enough leeway to move around without encountering eachother at every turn. At some points, ""the enemy"" feels like a mythical creature. When you spot it, it's all excitement and yelling and shooting off entire magazines to keep it's heads down.The pace is slow, with bad squad leaders it can even be glacial, but it only lends more importance to the firefights, which are often rich, engaging and immersive, with perfect strangers communicating and cooperating in ways that I haven't seen in any other game. It's like co-op with friends you've never met when you get into a good squad, and that makes the times when bad leadership turn the game into 'hiking simulator 2017' more than worth it."
76561198084887692,Recommended,393380,30976292,Posted: 6 April,all,Jurgen Flurgen Burgen,"I don't usually like FPS games. The voice comms dependent team based nature of this one is enjoyable. I was surprised. Even if you're not into shooters, give it a try. Use your mic, though."
,Recommended,393380,26562145,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,.Bones,"TL;DR - Game is buggy, yet not laggy; community is straight up mature and fair; the game is not complicated, you get the hangs of it quickly; it has great potential and if fullfilled it deserves 9/10INTRO:I have only played this game this game for 2 hours, during which I only shot 1 enemy, killed 0 enemies and died nearly 5 times.FIRST SINGLE-PLAYER EXPERIENCE:The game offers a ""training"" shooting range mode, but in reality it's more like a free roam alone where you can get a hang of the game's physics and controls. There is no guidance and the shooting range isn't managed by any NPCs.FIRST MULTI-PLAYER TEAM EXPERIENCE:Upon entering a real server, I felt like I'm playing ArmA; you select a spawn, then choose yourself a squad to join.The squad leader is not promised to have experience, but it seems that the community mainly consists of mature players, most of which possess a working microphone and the ability to speak English. Communications will help even the worst team of all get a good start at the game, even if they'll wind up dying by a loner who simply knows what he's doing.FIRST MULTI-PLAYER SHOOTOUT EXPERIENCE:I came upon 2 enemies who actually got close enough for me to clearly see them. One almost got me and was shot off by my team, whereas the other one neutralized the only teammate who was besides me, leaving me alone to deal with him. I shot him, but he proned and got me; well, to say the truth it was straight up realistic and felt right.Anyway, when I got shot by the first enemy I described, I came upon the 'Field Dressing' which lets you partially treat yourself or a bleeding teammate. It was super-intuitive, unlike ArmA.GRAPHICS, PLAYABILITY:The game is not laggy like reviews from a year ago describe it, neither by network connection means nor by FPS means.I got steady 40 FPS with my GTX 750 TI and my good old i3 2100However, seeing as it's in Alpha stage, the game still has many annoying bugs and missing features. For example:- you can't vault over a fence, but if you jump & crouch at the same time you'll likely jump up high enough.- when you enter a car, you're simply warped into it instead of going into an animation like any normal game would have.- the training stage has no guidance it all, hence there's no proper, official introduction to the game"
76561198354413898,Recommended,393380,34645725,Posted: 31 August,all,Zcrasgreese,"This game is what you call a real FPS I loved since the start and the only thing that made not want to play it for a day was that players. The game is Perfect on realistic aspects and no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t hit boxes, no kill feed, team work mis actaully required to win a battle, skill doesn't truly matter, no customization on weapons (suck when you come from RB6S, BF, ARMA 3 but in a rwal war you don't get to customize your gun). YOUR A SOLDIER, YOUR ON THE BATTLEFIELD YOU ARE THERE TO LISTEN AND FOLLOW ORDERS basic premise of game combat, community is amazing super helpful and they take the game seriously and yet not too far. Mistakes will happen but they will always help out. I recommend this to anyone who wants to play a realistic FPS and just because its modern combat mean you can see and shoot form miles away its all ranges never to that extreme but constant close, meduim, and long range fights."
76561198030072519,Recommended,393380,20031150,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Black,One of the BEST Mass Multiplayer Tactical Shooter on Market ! A must have 4 all shooter Veterans !
,Recommended,393380,23163277,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,campo,squad leader can you set up a positive review?
,Recommended,393380,21784424,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Tikst,"This game is in alpha and it's Early Access aaaand it costs 36.99€, seems lot for alpha game doesn't it? Well it was worth every cent for me, it isn't so realistic as ARMA series but more realistic than insurgency with bigger maps, it's the game i've waited for. 5/5"
76561198218196453,Recommended,393380,26100522,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,minami,If you like project reality you will like this game. Project reality is free so go play that for a good amount of time and base your decision as to whether you're gonna buy this game or not on that.
76561198054587231,Recommended,393380,19950797,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,gamer1159,"Spawned in on third game, made squad to play with one friend......everyone joined suddenly put in a leadership postion, men looking to me for answers, i know not what I do, leads sqaud to objective, rpg springs out kiling half my men, we retreat, establish a FOB and hold out, an hour passes, my men are being slaughtered right and left, looking to me to turn the tide, I make an executive decision, push west I say, flank them we will,....flank them we did, destroyed their FOB we did, slaughtered the remaining insurgents, victory we thoght.....no it was only another trap, an RPG rings out again, i feel like im in a loop........10/10 PTSD simulator would kill my men again."
,Recommended,393380,26595973,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,VicAnd ♥ Squad,"I´ve seen people talking about squad as a boring game and the problems with the SL and the vehicles.First of all, i´ve played Squad for like 400 hours, being able to say that i´m trapped on the immersive gameplay of this incredible game, finding friends and good players that are dispossed to help you when you don´t understand something, you have an issue with the gameplay or you don´t know the objetive etc., etc..Its true, the optimization is an issue that is most recognized by the community and for that exist a active team of devs that are working hard trying to solve the problems that can appear during the process. If you are gonna buy the game you need to remember that it is on alpha stage and is a long way to go before its finish.But out of that, the game is perfect, it combines the team work and the realism in a great way, with big maps where you can prove your abilities as a SL or a infantry man in very different ways, just like using the flanks to attack, combined arms to push, ambushes, building defense points, or search and destroy. All is up to you and your squad, the objetive is there, take a flag and defend it, or look for the a cache and destroy it, but how to accomplish this objetive is up to you.That is the strong point of squad, for that reason I like squad so much, the maps can be the same, but the battles always change, the moments are different, and the tactics can make of a complicated situation something completly opposite.Yeah there is boring moments, but once you know Squad, you can feel the sensation of something about to happen, some sniper aiming to your head, a grenade that nobody has seen about to blow up, a enemy squadron making his move, and all in a second can change.Now, I know that the rule of the car is a little bit stressing and all that stuff, but is there so the people in the squad are pushed to work together, and the people without a squad is obligated to get one, also there is a way to aprove vehicle from the map, the SL don´t necessary needs to be there in order to get a vehicle; you just open the map, press right click and press left click on the green vehicle at the right side.So, after giving my point, I hope you decide what do you think would be the best for you. Remember that is on alpha stage, so if an  error appears, you can contact the dev team on the Squad´s site.Good luck!!(BTW: The team killers aren´t common in this game, I know that with the free weekend they has appear on mass, product of the unfiltered dumb and selfish people that just wanted to destroy a day, so, if you´re using that too, think to about the existence of admins that can help out)."
,Not Recommended,393380,19762294,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Klas,"My experience with this game so far:- Server browser doesn't update.- Mouse input is just plain wrong. Acceleration and smoothing very apparent. Sensitivity setting is simply weird. Aiming is very uncontrollable and unnecesarilly difficult (where is the option for raw input?, what does sensitivity ""1.00"" actually mean?)- Also on mouse input, for no apparent reason it switched me to inverted mouse and there was no visible option to switch it back.- No audio after about 5 minutes of playing. Total silence.- Terrible frame rates, noticable drops with movement and frame rates worsening in general as time in game goes on - to the point where I may as well be watching a slide show.- Crash to desktop.I would love to come back and give this game a Yes when I am actually able to play it."
,Recommended,393380,19764783,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,rgomezer,Felt like I was in one of those war videos on LiveLeak. 11/10 would Allahu Akbar again.
76561198004220434,Not Recommended,393380,19891530,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,TooCute2Poot,"Fundamentally, the game concept is sound and the community is great. However, training doesn't teach you anything crucial to actually playing well and most importantly, the game can barely meet 30 FPS even when you exceed recommended system specs and run at the lowest settings. There's something really good here, but wait until it's out of Early Access to get it."
,Recommended,393380,19894205,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Phuc Dat Bich,"Best Mil Sim ever...Joins a squad as a grenadier, and runs to first objective together. hides in a ditch with no contact whatsoever, and succesfully takes the town. Next we move up to a hill covering the entire map. comes into contact when we get there, and i see multiple of my squad mates go down. I radio for a medic and take the FOB. Begins to be overun multiple times by terrorists without cover and we manage to stay alive. While under fire we manage to build cover and more easily kill the enemies in the town. While this is going on smke grenades are going off, and multiple rpg's pound our FOB. I see most of my squad mates die. The enemy weakens us to the point of us being overunn with multiple grenades going off, my freind says ""were gonna die"", and  a grenade lands next to us, 5 of us die behind a sand bag wall. FOB is taken over, and we perish.-11/10 would be ready to enlist in 2 hours..."
,Recommended,393380,19774539,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,JimmyRust,Makes BF3 and BF4 look like COD!!! This is a real mans shooter a must buy for team players!!!
76561198036214612,Recommended,393380,20345231,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,RedFries3,"This game has a great community. It offers the perfect level of realism, it's not boring and too in depth like Arma (in my opinion) but has the perfect amount of tactical play along with actual action.I'm blown away by how much people actually use team work here. I'd say 4/5 squads I'll join are actually communicating and working together. It really shines when there is communication going on but is frustrating and no fun if your without a good squad but luckily it's very easy to find a good group of players. I actually bought a mic specifically for Squad.The performance isn't the best yet I get about 50fps on average on my 970 but it's obviously still in Alpha and they plan on adding vehicles this month too.This game is very promising and has a great community surrounding it. I'd highly reccomend it if you need something fresh because your sick of AAA fps meat grinders."
,Recommended,393380,25470636,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,KRIKY,"Love this game, very authentic, addictive, great interphase and for alpha version is really awesome. Can't wait for final product is gonna be insane."
,Recommended,393380,22806236,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Headhunterz,"This game is good. Like really good. Because the game is in alpha there are problems running the game at 60 fps constantly, I have a 3770, 8gb ram, gtx 670. I dont really know exactly what to do in the game yet, but from the 2 hours Ive played it, it is so realistic, and so much fun. I thought I played for 30 mins then next thing you know its 2 hours later. HIGHLY RECCOMEND (if you have a decent computer)"
76561198053923114,Recommended,393380,22487870,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,[MIG] OP-1 NördicBädger,Got PTSD would play again
,Not Recommended,393380,21834738,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,KyneM,"Don't waste your time, months pass without updates and they have been ""working"" on vehicles since 2015.4/10."
76561198079052986,Recommended,393380,23235906,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,FragsLTU,"Amazing game for Intel and GTX users in perormance vise, but even if your amd user your not forgoten, constat updates come out and try to improve the over all performance for every one and they help by 5-15 fps which is a lot. Gameplay vise hands down most tactical team play fps game i ever played and it is relistic but at this moment all you will do is just sprint to a point and die then repeat for another hour till the game ends. Great game has a lot of potential."
,Recommended,393380,26551546,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Hot Apple Tea,"Squad is an excellent addition to the Tactical/Military Simulator games genre. You will most likely see people comparing this title to games such as Arma III and Insurgency, however in my opinion it caters to a very different play style. For example, Squad provides a large scale, combined arms experience unlike the arena sized, fast paced gameplay in Insurgency. And dissimilar to Arma III, this gameplay can be had without joining a clan or playing on the unorganized Invade & Annex public servers. For this reason Squad is an excellent choice for those who seek a Military Sim experience on a casual basis.As for the features and gameplay.Squad currently hosts 9 playable maps with more on the way, which already is on par with most AAA titles.4 playable factions with more on the way, including a variety of well modeled authentic feeling weapons and gadgets.An assortment of team specific vehicles including Humvees, BTRs and Modified Civilian Trucks.Realistic game features such as rocket back blast, fire suppression and explosives physicsThese features combined with the natural teamwork of the game provides an extremely satisfying and repayable game."
76561198013061309,Recommended,393380,31045803,Posted: 9 April,all,naGz,"By far the best community, connect to a game with complete strangers and they all communicate and work as a team to capture and hold points. Loved every second of the free weekend and bought the game.10/f**king10"
,Recommended,393380,32691876,Posted: 23 June,all,Broly,The best tactical military simulator. For those who like playing FPS games that can only fail without teamwork and communication. Great Game.
76561198029460081,Recommended,393380,26542083,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,yowfin,"Good graphics, sound design is awesome. Gameplay is on par with my opinion of how a mil-sim should be. If you're looking for a COD/Battlefield experiance this isn't it. This is a cooporative squad style game. You have to talk with your squaddies and listen to your squad leader. You have objectives to complete. You are dealing with other human beings that want the same thing. Being the lone wolf/one man army will have you killed by a group everytime."
,Recommended,393380,21311434,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Cwan,Best Combat and team play ive ever experienced10/10
,Recommended,393380,26535399,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Runner,At the beginning i wasn't so hyped for the game when i heard that its going to be f2p i downloaded it and played it for a little bit and i gotta say that i feel bad for not being hyped for this game.This game is awesome and you should buy it.10/10
,Recommended,393380,26541473,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Crusader,"Squad is a superb title from the creators of the Project Reality Mod for Battlefield 2. It carries over from Project Reality a very similar feeling of gameplay, and the ""work together or die"" mentality that mod was known for.Squad, though in a very early build, is still a damned excellenct game to purchase and play. Bugs adorn the title, but the developers have been intent on pushing out updates frequently to mop up bugs as they appear. The developer behind this title have a solid track record of staying with things until they're finished - just look at Project Reality. I trust that this won't be an abandoned Early Access title any time soon, and though it'll probably stay in EA for awhile, it's very much a playable and fun game in its present state.The asking price is steep for an unfinished game, but the price of admission is well worth it for the endless fun one can have with the content that already exists in the game.If you're a fan of getting to know people while working closely with them to ensure your survival, hectic firefights that can shift in seconds, and marching through wilderness to set up that perfect moment of combat that'll feel entirely worth it in the end, then Squad is for you.Just make sure you have a microphone."
,Recommended,393380,26550895,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Godninja97,"Coming from Project Reality, this game is a game I recommend to anyone a fan of teamwork, squad play, and very hardcore shooters. There's a sense of satisfaction to winning and a large number of tense situations that come with winning or losing. There's never a dull match, and every second is spent pushing forward with your squad mates and relying on their call-outs to make sure you survive. Overall, a fun game with a great hook and dedicated dev team that's been together since their modding days."
,Recommended,393380,32693719,Posted: 23 June,all,Benoculars,11/10 would suppress again
,Recommended,393380,26550576,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Ross.665,"As someone who gave the game a try over a free weekend, I was expecting a modernised, updated graphics version of Battlefield 2: Project Reality. And that is exactly what I got. Sure the game is a bit lacking in content. Sure the game is buggy, at times. But is it worth it? As a ARMA player, I feel this works as a nice stepping stone, along with Red Orchestra 2/Rising Storm and Insurgency/Day of Infamy, for people who are tired of the random clusterf**k of Battlefield and Call of Duty and want a game where teamplay is encouraged, where success is shared, and where challenges are never faced alone.A highly recommended game.A microphone is 100% needed to play. Don't feel shy, speak up!Edit: Ended up buying the game on sale. Completely worth it."
,Recommended,393380,32878760,Posted: 27 June,all,Hendrick Lamar,"I bought this game on december 27-31, 2015.I remember when this game had no vehiclesI remember when this game had actual lag issues and was less optimizedI remember when They didnt have habs, and the fob system wasnt that great,I remember the game when we didnt have mortarsI remember that the game had amazingly complex and large maps, so each time you returned to an area, it seemed entirely new.This game is pretty well polished and is on its way to being completed. For an early access game, the developers are doing it right.There is more to come, and im excited to try out all the new gadets."
,Recommended,393380,26553083,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Rench,"Please, for the love of god, don't look at the recent negative reviews. Look up what this game is and the older reviews, and think about what you want in a game, before you decide to play, and DEFINITELY BEFORE you play for an hour and rate negative because the UI sux. It's supposed to suck. There's a reason for everything Squad is missing that Battlefield and CoD employ.On to the game: Squad is probably one of the most enjoyable games I have ever had the opportunity to play. Why? Because every event you face in-game is the direct cause of another human being. You have a perfectly planned ambush, and a minute after you open fire, six people rush in on your flank and murder your squad. It's because the guys under fire communicated to their team and another squad came to support them. Won a match handily? It's because your team of 36 humans was able to communicate effectively and out-manuever the other team of 36.Squad is not a twitch shooter. It does not reward a high K/D if you cannot do it as part of a team. The thing that sets Squad apart is its forcefulness in requiring communication. If you can't or won't communicate with your squad, you will not be effective. If your team is full of lone-wolfers who are very good at Battlefield, you will lose. Teamwork is the backbone of this game, and I have had amazing experiences forming bonds with completely random people over the course of a few hours together. Winning, Losing, the score is a sideshow. Teamwork is the star, and that's something *very* few games can say."
,Recommended,393380,26540278,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Kreejums,"Free weekend - downloaded game on my potato pc, had 24-50fps, played 13h straight!Enjoyed!"
,Recommended,393380,26552878,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,The Churtle,Very slow paced with terrifying punishing combat. Team play is essential but if you can get into it it's very rewarding with a friendly and welcoming community.
,Recommended,393380,26552351,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Zoktavir,"Normally wouldn't write a review for an alpha, but this one is getting a barrage of negative reviews from people during a free weekend that didn't seem read the description for the game, or notice that it was in alpha. Anyway, on to the review.Not as complicated as ARMA, but more to it than Battlefield 2. It sits in a nice middleground, where strategy, tactics, and communication are all vital elements. You can't just run and gun, and there's no going lone wolf. Teamwork is everything, which is what makes the game great. Every kill is extremely satisfying. Every objective captured is a glorious victory.Yes, it's an alpha. There will be bugs (so many bugs). There will be missing features. If you want a more complete game, you should wait. But in my opinion, Alpha 8 has already made it fully playable (for most), and it's only going to get better from here."
,Recommended,393380,26542630,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Force2Concern,"Great game if you follow your team. One of the biggest complaints I hear is the amount of walking (Yes at the start there is alot of prep before everything hits the fan) but if you make sure you join a squad, follow orders, I can almost say for sure in the average 45 minute match 35 minutes im under constant contact. If your having to constantly respawn at the main your not playing this right."
76561198074475114,Recommended,393380,26542844,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Terra_Pavlova,"Awesome, just awesome"
,Recommended,393380,26543333,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,kittywompus,"Great game, have beeen playing for months. One of the best, refreshing games of the last decade."
,Recommended,393380,26546603,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,vonrumble,If Arma and Battlefield had a baby it would be SQUAD.
,Recommended,393380,26542873,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Lt.Moose,"I don't often write reviews, but I love this game. The negative reviews it seems to be getting don't do it justice.The people complaining about having to run across the map, or that there are no hit markers, are people that don't appreciate the game for what it is. Your squad leader should be dropping spawn points for you.It is NOT call of duty or battlefield, it is squad. You need to work together to accomplish anything, and a good squad leader is necessary.Like insurgency and Arma mixed together, but with more emphasis on teamwork and communication.This game is amazing, just as long as you aren't looking for cod or bf."
,Recommended,393380,26552593,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Remo.,"I have enjoyed my time playing SQUAD; a handful of the community that i've played matches with are very mature, friendly and cooperative. This game has heaps of potential and I look forward to seeing it's outcome in the final release."
,Recommended,393380,26541766,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,baconfisting,"Great FPS mil sim. DO NOT get this game thinking you're going to be 520 no scoping ♥♥♥♥♥es across the map like battlefield, cod or any other arcade FPS.This is a mil sim that takes it slightly further than the ARMA series. Will update once I've had more time with it.EDIT: I can leave the house its this good."
,Recommended,393380,33807946,Posted: 26 July,all,Nife Fiend @ Machettee,"Squad is one of the most intense, and best, gaming experiences you can have.Firstly, lets cover some of the negatives people are throwing around:***Toxic Community: In every game there are a group of people who take it too seriously. Majority of community just want to work together, have fun and win***Steep Learning curve: one of the steepest I have ever played***I ran for 1 hour, died: see above. If you don't know what you're doing you will run and die somewhere. If you don't follow squad, understand how spawning works or aim for the objectives, you will be bored. And you will run and dieSo, this is not for the solo players. You can, but you won't be rewarded. The premise of the game is squad based teamwork. If you look at Squad from this perspective, it is hands down the best game available. Playing in a 9 man squad, organised and following a competent squad leader who is in tune with the other squads, is as rewarding as gaming gets.The GameThe core game is up to 40 players on each team, organised into squads of up to 9 players. Each squad is led by a squad leader and 8 squad members with variable kits. The aim of the game is to run down the oppositions ""Tickets"" which are consumed through kills, capture points and destroying vehicles or bases. The maps are huge, split up into ""Flag"" capture zones which you can only capture in order i.e. you can't walk up to any flag and capture it. Spawn locations are built by the squads closer to the action to get their squads back in the fight as quickly as possible.The format of the game generally means that you will be fighting over between 2-3 capture points, with most of the 80 players focused in a tight, brutal firefight. Some maps have ""compounds"", some covered in think foliage. All the maps offer some variety and open up to different tactics. The size of the maps is what allows for different tactics. I have recently started squad leading and you can easily flank all the way around a village and then push in while your colleagues attack the front, normally resulting in victory.What this essentially creates is a giant chess board with lots of moving pieces, lots of strategy and tactics and lots of shooting. And I mean a lot.GameplayBest way to describe it is a realistic shooter, with good, balanced weapon design that is as fun as it is frustrating.You will die, a lot, (medics can revive you) in a couple of shots, which means at any time you can die randomly from a guy in the 3rd floor window of the building 3 blocks away before you even realise. This is frustrating but you soon learn from your mistakes.The different teams are balanced well and nobody has a clear advantage. Guns feel good and all the tools available support teamwork (comms in particular).GraphicsLooks good, not the best, but looks good. Weapon effects are particularly good. When mortar rounds land it is epic.SoundAgain amazing but it can be way too loud. Sat next to an MG, with masses of voice comms and other gunfire and mortar rounds going off, is enough to make your ears bleed. Its awesome but painful.VerdictI personally love this game but can see why its difficult to love. If you jump in a few games without a microphone and try and learn, you are not going to enjoy this game. But get through a couple of games, asking for help and support from other players, and you will enjoy one of the most visceral, immersive military shooter available"
,Recommended,393380,20134452,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Mandalorian,I made new friends playing this game.10/10
,Recommended,393380,20513905,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Spooky,Medics have shovels
76561198023223614,Recommended,393380,21499660,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Hiram Abiff,"The most important information that I myself would have liked to have known before purchasing ""Squad"" at its current beta build would be...1) Without needing said; this game is entirely squad dependant... to play this game affectively, you need to be a team player. Likely chances of you capturing a base by yourself is nill; work together and observe the battle acitvely to take points and aid eachother with cover fire or medical aid. Medics btw, require you to first ""bandage"" someone once they've been shot or taken down, at which you can then proceed to using a medical bag to restore the rest of the individuals health; it is a two step process. There is also the factor, that when someone is taken down (and is no longer a threat) they are still alive and can be revived by a medic, as long as the person was not shot in the head. A medical emblem will be easily seen above those on your team who can be revived.2) Weapon Customization is limited at the current time and only few weapons are given to each squad position. There are only a few attachments for each weapon (but, they are still being added with each update). The last recent update included new acogs and other attachments for select weapons; due note, this game does not allow you to share attachments on other weapons... Weapons, as well as their attachment choices are squad position dependant.3) Some squad positions (such as the sniper), do not become availible for a squad choice until a given amount of members have filled a squad; this leaves the sniper position locked and unavailible until at least the 4-6 person is added. This makes it nearly impossible to attain the sniper position on purpose; getting the sniper is only likely to be availible once you've joined an active squad which is nearly full, and you get lucky to see the position unused. I've always enjoyed rifles and long range sniper battles...But, be warned; this game intentionally attempts to limit sniper use due to maps being very open.. this could maybe change in the future, but at this time it seems to be a set feature. Snipers also use a smaller acog, instead of a medium or long range scope.4) At this given time of writing this review, the beta still currently does not have vehicles. Maps are very large, and walking distances are beyond boring. To make it worse; your character has stamina, which you must pay extra careful attention to so you can have enough to accurately aim and fire your weapon with percision when needed. When running from behind one cover to the next, you will lose your stamina almost entirely. Stamina is also regained slower than most other FPS titles...; you will have to literally sit and guard your position until you can continue running. Is it realistic? Maybe... But in real life, there is also troop transports and humvees... Which for both, Squad devs have clearly shown pictures and videos displaying humvess and transports which are in the mix for future updates. Right now though, running sucks, so be warned.5) To spawn at any other location which does not include a captured enemies FOB, the squad leader must (with the proximity of other squad mates) create a spawn FOB or rally point so you don't have to walk all the way from base to the next objective. To create a FOB or rally point, squad mates from your squad must collect on the squad leader to allow the placement of such equipment (essentially a rallypoint looks like 3 bags placed on the ground, and a FOB looks like a radio on a table); these are usually meant to be placed in a building or location that you can then build fortifications to protect the FOB spawn point. If an enemy squad/team over runs/takes/captures the FOB, they can then continue to use the FOB as an enemy spawn location. FOBs, can also be destroyed with explosives ect..6) Building is reserved to only certain locations, which are usually small compounds centered near or around objectives. Once you walk into or around the vicinity of the compound, a given amount of ""construction points"" are displayed in the top left of the screen. The points are used by squad leaders to build sandbag walls, barbwire fences ect. Once a squad leader places a fortification, it must then be built by other squad members using the ""shovel"" tool. A whole compound can be fortified leaving all windows and entrances blocked by choice of the squad leaders; anywhere within or directly near the compound, fortifications can be built. Construction points are shared between all squad leaders, so it is important to be smart with placement of items... It should be obvious, but if you place a sandbag wall infront of a window, try not to leave any cracks between the sandbag wall and the window itself... enemies will use said cracks in the fortification to wreck everyone within the compound... It should be remembered, as its easy to know; if you can see out, then the enemy can see in.7) As squad leader, you must be helpful to your squad by way of communication; since FOBs and rallypoints can only be placed by squad leaders, it is imperative that squad communication is present; less so by other squad members, but it is absolutely necessary for the captain of the squad as he conducts the progression of the game. Without rallypoints or FOBs placed, the game quickly turns into a walking simulator for all other players and it guarantees a loss when the other team is using such tools accurately. Again, this game is ""squad/team"" dependant; you must be team player. Which to mention, the community seems at this time, to be far from Toxic; players work together and with a proper team (even without vehicles) the game can be quite enjoyable.8) The game runs at 50-60 Frames for myself, and most if not all settings are set to max. Frames in game, are entirely dependant on the quality of the server being played, as well as the current or allowed population. If I were to play a max 40 player match, I can maintain the 50-60 FPS no problem; but if I join a 65+ man server, I get about 30-40 frames tops.Because I didn't read it anywhere, and didn't realize until after I purchased the game, it should also be known that the 100 player servers as advertised have yet to be added to the game; most likely due to the fact that smaller servers are already having difficulty with frames, ping ect... With the fact that most servers provide low FPS with higher player count; most servers to me at least, are simply unplayable due to high ping or FPS instablity; this has left my server choices rather limited if I choose to play with the best experience. Just to say, in case people are wondering; I have a 4GB GTX 970, i7-3820, 12GB ddr3 and I play at a resolution of 1080p.9) The major hangups I have with the game at this current time, which I believe is hindering it from becoming perfect, is primarily the lack of vehicles... Running the long distances sucks terribly, and like me, you'll probably learn to hate your stamina; not only because you're always waiting for it to refill, but because it takes nothing to deplete it; which means about 75% of your game time, is spent hunkered down in the bushes waiting for your bar to fill. I'm sure this is a tactic by devs to force players to linger in the bush intentionally instead of simply rushing objectives nonstop, or is a way to force squad leaders to always be aware of placing FOBs or rallyponts; either way, I very much despise it. Personally, I believe at the games current beta build, stamina should be increased for the enjoyment of the game; that is until vehicles are added.- Now, I completely accept that this game is very early beta, but considering the results of other Steam betas which eventually slowed and nearly stopped with worthwhile updates; I review my games as if they are not to recieve another update and are standalone... Yeah, I'm talking to you Ark Survival... You can keep adding different dinos, but you can't fix your 10 FPS code?.. Shysters."
,Recommended,393380,26543395,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Fish,"Awsome game, the devs listen to the community and the graphics / gameplay are just amazing.IMO it's everyone is too serious but it's a good combat sim."
76561198181945519,Recommended,393380,26517221,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,thebournegenius,What you need for this game: Patience and a mic
,Recommended,393380,32330655,Posted: 10 June,all,Crazy Earl,"Imma try and make this short.honestly, one of my favourite games of all time. Im sure much of the playerbase has migrated from other realistic or even milsim shooters, most notably Insurgency, ARMA and Rising Storm/Red Orchestra. And I can assure you this game provides you with a very unique, immersive and authentic gameplay experience. The developers are not only heavily invested in constant progress towards their end goal but also the community and feedback that is provided to them. You'll find regular patches when required, and monthly updates/recaps that give the playerbase an insight into what the developers are working on (these recaps can be found on their website). The game has made huge progressions since its release stages, in content, stability, graphical and scale, which will only be continuously improved over time.In its current stages, I'd reccommend a mid spec PC as a minimum. The game is relatively well optimized as far as I'm concerned (plus being improved regularly) but the level of graphical fidelity and sheer scale the game provides is inevitably demanding to some extent.a 100% original authentic military experience with an overwhelmingly friendly community, providing a unique experience."
,Recommended,393380,26551571,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Goblix,"Incredible. Think of Arma, now mix in some Battlefield 2 (Project Reality mod in this case) a cup of teamwork and you're baking Arma Lite but more. These are words. They're good words. Play this game."
76561198026986160,Recommended,393380,26563654,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Crimson_Train,"All around this is a fantastic game. Ignore what the others are saying. Although some do have legitimate complaints, the majority of negative reviewers are the ones who prefer more arcadey types of FPS and/or are hardcore milsim guys from Arma. This game is not either of those two, it's a nice mashup that gives you fairly constant action while strongly emphasizing teamwork at it's core. Also, IT'S ONLY IN ALPHA. Of course you're going to have random crashes and the occasional bug."
,Recommended,393380,26556406,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,JAS 39 Gripen,"First of all: Yes, I'm playing the free weekend but I'm definitely buying this.I have no idea why people are disliking this game. It's not Battlefield or CoD, you can't run and gun. Most of the time you can't even see the enemy.So I downloaded the game and joined a server. I joined Squad 3 and immediately got greeted by the leader. I chose the Anti Tank class and our squad marched to a hill and created a FOB. Our team was getting slaughtered on another hill, so the leader gave the other to march to the east of the hill, spread out and then give heavy suppressing fire before attacking.We marched for probably half an hour, scouts in the front, medics in the back, stopping every time we saw enemies, reported their position to the rest of our team and moved on.Suddenly, we were taking fire from a hill adjacent to us. We all got down and took cover behind some trees.Squad leader said ""248! Three enemies, 248!"" Immediately our 2 gunners opened fire. I fired a rocket towards their position. I obviously couldn't see anyone, but we were still taking fire.Soon our leader gave the order to march north. A few rounds were still hitting the ground, but we were running out of ammo, so we had to move.By now, we were a hundred meters away from the objective on the hill. It was across a valley. We stayed put for 10 minutes as other squads moved up.We threw smokes into the valley and moved up, half the squad giving fire while the rest moved up. Soon we had reached the other hill. MG's were firing above our heads as we crouched below the edge of the hill.We threw smokes, and our leader gave the order to slowly advance, report all enemy positions and fire on everything that moves. I moved up, fired at a rock which a few enemies were hiding behind.""Fire a rocket!"" someone shouted. I loaded an HEAT rocket (I was out of frags) and fired towards the rock. We started moving towards their objective. Suddenly, our squad leader falls. I hear an explosion and i ded."
,Recommended,393380,26556459,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Pretty Patsie™,"!FREE WEEKEND PLAYER!I was put off by some reviews I read, although could not turn down the free weekend. Holy s***, what a game! Teamwork is needed to win games and i've witnessed 1 salty RussiaN (what a surprise) player in my time playing. Running on a GTX 1080 & an I7 6700K i'm getting decent frames with the occasional frame drop but its acceptable.I'd compare the games to Battlefield due to the map size and ""conquest"" game type and also Insurgency as the game is brutal. pretty much one or two hits and you are dust. A medic can revive you if one is near but that could mean waiting for a period of time.I'd 100% recommend the game at the discount price.....To be honest, i'd recommed it at full price!   And its only in alpha! this game is going to be amazing when it is complete."
,Recommended,393380,30989635,Posted: 6 April,all,› Schadbot,"Best milsim game I've played, highly dependent on teamwork and communication. Almost ALL players have mics, or squad leads remove un-mic'd players. Absolutely love the game, and it's gotten far better since launch with multiple worthwhile updates. Must buy if you have a mic and a brain!"
76561198094035190,Recommended,393380,30987277,Posted: 6 April,all,Pvt. Pile,"This game will make you want to shoot your drill sergeant from PTSD.10/10But fo real, this game is super intense if your into military sims and playing as a team and meeting cool people. You meet idiot squad leads here and there but not often. This game is fairly demanding of your specs so don't expect 60fps if your running a budget build.The shooting is difficult at first but you learn to deal with recoil. Get fired at from RPGs and yelling out bearings for contacts while there is constant machine gun fire and RPG explosions going off right next to you is enough to get your adrenaline fix for the day.The game mechanics are great for an alpha and it's often getting new bug fixes and new content like vehicles and maps.TL:DR Get the game"
76561198035801044,Recommended,393380,30991664,Posted: 6 April,all,TheDonald,By far one the best FPS games I've ever played and it's only in Alpha.  The gunfights and sound quality are amazing and makes it feel like you're actually there.
76561198014133041,Recommended,393380,30973107,Posted: 5 April,all,Neokolzia,"Reminds me alot of Project reality and just what I wanted honestly.Game has a few short falls that you have to rely on others, so when join a server and all squads are full or end up in a squad without a proper squad leader its pretty terrible at times.But nothing is funner then building up some defenses and bunkering down against enemies."
,Recommended,393380,21781376,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Sudsy G,"This game has quickly become my favourite game on steam, I would highly recommend it even though it may seem crazy to buy a 40$ early access game.But remember... It can only get better from here ;)"
,Recommended,393380,26560032,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,TACCOFSX TАКОФСХ 塔科FSX,"I have played this game for 6hrs and its very good. It is pretty starter frindly, but still has a the depth of a milsim game. You alsso get into action very fast and you don't need to worry about finding a match."
76561198026870970,Recommended,393380,19889531,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Rommel_IRE,"(Think of that GoPro footage you seen of fighters in Syria/Afganistan/Iraq etc this is the game that brings this to life)If your a fan of Red Orchestra , get SQUAD!Although only in Alpha this game shows emense oppertunity and potential.Absolutly fantstic game play and the effects, controls and overall emmersive elements of this game are unbeatable!Best in class at the moment.Every detail on the characters , weapons and environment is brillient.Favorite so far is Militia (LPR & DPR), AK74 with underslung VOG.Make it Rain! 8/10 because its in still in Alpha, once the vechicles come in its going 10/10"
76561198087942320,Recommended,393380,19753970,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Vector50cal,"I like what this game has going on right now. The game feels very realistic. It is very imersive. As of right now there are a lot of bugs and frame rate issues with some users; that said, it is in alpha after all. I recomend this game. invest your money so the devolopers can make one of the best games in the FPS genre. We need this game."
,Recommended,393380,31026356,Posted: 8 April,all,W00t,"After 1300+ hours, this remains my go-to game.  There's a lot of peace and quiet in between action, but when it unfolds combat is tense and fast paced - taking even a few hits can be lethal.  Its also one of the few games where brains and communication can win over pure shooting skill, having a good leader/squad is an incredibly rewarding experience. Every round feels new and different because people and strategies play such a large role in how each match unfolds. If you get the game and find the experience frustrating, try to find a few veteran players to show you all the best that Squad has to offer - I promise its 100% worth the time."
,Recommended,393380,26538586,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Hentai Warrior,"10/10 much immersionGraphics:Effects, weapon animations and overall everything looks amazing and realistic,but i think the characters need a bit of work on their faces and facial animations(well, its still in development)Gameplay:Hardcore, just the way i like itUnlike most other games, here bullets dont damage, they killNo friendly indicators, no markersEveryone uses voicechat and the game feels very atmosphericSound:Never before a video game has not sounded so realBattlefield used to be the most sonically impressive until i met this game"
,Recommended,393380,32810195,Posted: 26 June,all,SilenTblooD,Don't think. Just buy ! join a clan and have lots of fun!!!
,Recommended,393380,19977400,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,sepko,"Disclaimer : I suck at making reviews.It's 3 o' clock in the morning and i'm writing this with my phone, expect some misspelled words.This game is great!Why?Squad is a very realistic game that requires teamwork to get a win.For teamwork you don't just need good aim or a ♥♥♥♥ing beastly weapon, you need communication!How do you communicate in Squad?In Squad you have 4 ways to communicate with teammates1. Chat. It's useful when you want to tell your whole TEAM something, for example the coords of an enemy FOB.2. Commander channel. This voice channel is used by Squad leaders. It is used to communicate with other allied Squad leaders.3. Squad channel. Squad channel is used to talk with your squad. Everyone in the squad can hear you, and you can hear everyone from your squad, no matter where you are on the map.4. Local channel. Local channel is used when you are talking to teammates that are close to you, the further you are away from them, the quieter you can hear them / they can hear you. This channel can be used by anyone in the team. It is also useful for when you are engaging with 3 squad members for example, if you're not engaging with your whole squad, use local channel so you don't confuse your other squad members that are not engaging with you.You're probably asking yourself, how do squads work in this game?A squad exists out of 9, it could also be less then 9.For example,In a 72 player server, you have 2 teams, these teams exist out of multiple big and small squads.All of these squads have a squad leader, they will lead their squad to victory by giving them tasks (capturing flags, flanking,...), building rally points, fobs,...and obviously good communication.Every squad has roles that players can select to play as.You have 7 roles in each squad.Marksman, Medic, Squad Leader, Grenadier, Rifleman/Fighter, Rifler, Light Anti-Tank.Not all these roles are available everytime.There is a maximum amount of people that can play as a role.For example, you can only have 2 medics in your squad.Don't worry if you like being a medic, most people don't like playing as a medic Kappa.In squad you can also build alot of things, sandbags, 50.cal machine gun, rally points,...You can also claim cars with your squad leader, this is useful for players that break their finger after holding W for 5 minutes to run.The gun sounds in this game are beautiful.Devs are doing a great job!There are so many more great thing this game has, my fingers are starting to hurt, so I'm not gonna write all that♥♥♥♥♥♥aswell.Ofcourse this game has bugs, but they are not game breaking at all imo.This game requires a good computer to run, not a pc that can run Age of Empires with 20 fps.It's an early access game, ofcourse the performance / graphic setting isn't that GREAT for all these PC nerds, honestly, my pc isn't that great, it's not bad either, but ya know... for me it's all good tbh, i'm happy with 45-60 fps in this gameIf you have a good pc, you have a good mic, you're good in teamwork, you like these types of games, then I think Squad is the game for you!This game is only in early access, just can't wait till it finally comes out of ea, gonna be one of the best games ever!Keep up the good work devs!I spent 45 minutes on this review, ♥♥♥♥ me."
76561198025347994,Recommended,393380,19801171,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,cl0wning,"Very promising game for those who are into military tactical shooters similar to ARMA but less hardcore. Kind of like if ARMA and Battlefield had a baby this would be it. The gun mechanics as well as the communication style is very similar to ARMA while the game modes and the smaller scale takes from Battlefield. Extremely team oriented with a suprising amount of players using voice comm. Still needs a good polishing, as expected from an alpha build. It is essentially Battlefield that isn't dumbed down for the masses due to its more sophisticated play style. On the other hand one could say that this is an ARMA game that you could pick up and play more casually (a little less casual but still pretty hardcore) than ARMA. All in all I have enjoyed every minute of this game thus far."
76561198073291643,Recommended,393380,20047813,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,XaNiaxa,"This game is pure gold, when the server DOESNT crash, when the fps DOESNT dip and when squad DOES speak.The weak servers will be revolved eventually, so will the fps once they have optimized it better.So far ive been in amazing squads! 9 people communicating perfecly, shouting cool coms and helping eachother! ive never seen such teamwork as i have seen in the little hours i have in this game.But im afraid the quality of squads will go down, the more people get this game, even now 1/3 of every squad is filled with either 12 year old thinking this is lone-wolf-cod, or people just refusing to communicate!This game is one of those games that you either need 9 friends to secure that your playtime will be pleasant, ive already seen clans and teams building up, asking for recruits!I have very high hopes for this game! this game is made for people that love insurgency, but think their maps are to small, and for people that love arma, but hate how complicated it is. this is right in the middle of these 2 games! and i cant wait to see what this game will turn up to be!"
,Recommended,393380,30592645,Posted: 18 March,all,Gec,"It has the best sound of any game ive ever played. Its intense, easy to pick up and very slow to master. You can make some great friends while fighting and there is a lot of fun to be had. v0.9 is rolling out over the next coupple of days so its just getting better. Honestly you couldnt ask for a better realistic shooter.If milsim is your thing, then this is your game.Im still playing it, and I dont see that stopping any time soon."
76561198023586377,Recommended,393380,31570415,Posted: 5 May,all,YourSwolyness,"-Join game as squad leader-We go to local town to defend critical bridge-Get lit up like the fourth of july-.50 Cal lighting up everything-Bullets flying through walls, people dying-Yell at local squad to put some mortar fire down-Mark location on map-The all-mighty lightning bolt of Zeus comes down and destroys everything.-Mortar fire stops....completely silent-Peak up from my location, and get sniped10/10 would get sniped again."
76561198127117895,Recommended,393380,21295226,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,\SpecOE/AtomicLlama,Who needs Crack when you have Squad??!
76561198042368234,Recommended,393380,22786719,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Donald J Trump,The thrill in firefights is real.
,Recommended,393380,19785186,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,seagull,"This game isn't like the normal FPS game.Most FPS games are about using peashooters to kill people from less than a metre away.Squad is a FPS game in which you use realistic guns, maps and team tactics to take control over (an) objective(s)."
,Recommended,393380,30983310,Posted: 6 April,all,Eightball,"Middle ground between arma and a more casual shooter, while also looking absolutely stunning.Although a bit resource intensive, its less so than arma and definetly playable by mostWould reccomend"
76561198061789386,Recommended,393380,31612185,Posted: 7 May,all,Ranger Roger,I am a big nerd who likes massive dongs
,Recommended,393380,26532973,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,[LGN] Robin Sage,"First things first. All you dumbass ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s writing reviews with less than 10 hours played because Steam Free Weekend can shut the ♥♥♥♥ up about your opinion on this game.Second: It's a goddamn Alpha and it plays better than most full released games.Third: The devs actually listen to us and respond very quickly which is more than you can say about most devs in this game.If you're looking for a triple A game like BF or CoD you won't find it here.This isn't ArmAThis is Squad.Don't like it, then go the ♥♥♥♥ away."
,Recommended,393380,20516907,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Z3ws,Realistic Isis Hunting Simulator 2016
,Recommended,393380,22812490,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,[STD(g)]Tango Starr,"Ultra - realistic and top notch graphics, an outstanding game.I'm not usually a fan of first person shooters, but the close teamwork and variety of roles in Squad really captured my attention.A great game to play with friends, I would definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,393380,19712001,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,CptAlcoholic,brings back old memories of battlefield 2 project reality except with way better graphics and gun physics. 10/10 will Nostalgia trip again.
,Recommended,393380,20047847,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Powered by Lance Stroll,Get killed by my teamates more then enemy troops simulator 2k15Other then that its all good lol
76561198045139384,Not Recommended,393380,22132895,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Astrodyte,Don't buy if you have an AMD cpu. FX8350 4.0GHz and R9 290x runs this game at 15-25fps constantly on the lowest settings.
76561198058872311,Recommended,393380,21142150,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Twirling Unicorn Slut,"The ""squat behind a wall and shoot randomly where those ♥♥♥♥ing tracers are coming from"" simulator."
76561198118037298,Not Recommended,393380,21312137,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Grenadier,To many performance issues idk if it will be fixed but i really want to reccomend this game but i cant until at least the perfomance is fixed.
,Not Recommended,393380,20314950,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Cox Myth,"I don't know why people keep comparing this game to Arma.It's only parallel is the fact that it's a military game. I bought it andrefunded it the same day. Why? Because to put it simply, it's not worth $40Not at this stage. The competition for pre alpha is stiff. And much better games arecoming out at a cheaper price. Frankly to price a game so undeveloped at $40 is a littlearrogant. It may have potential but right now it feels like BF2 let alone BF3-4 and WAY OFFArma! Please.."
,Recommended,393380,22541771,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Spookyiakea,"I shoot at hills, the hills shoot back at me.I was running down a hill with my fellow taliban brethern to storm a huge american base on a big hill, getting gunned down two american machine gunners trying to re-enact Omaha Beach reversed. Then one of my teammates back-blasted me in the face with a RPG as I was running past him, yet I still went on all the way down and up the hill bleeding out until I finally reached the top. We then decided to storm the base, smoking it up with a bunch of smokes and the three of us infidels ran towards it with tracer fire everywhere just to get to the wall.One stray burst hit me, I fell and slumped down the hill to the wall, watching my teammates die infront of my eyes.Their screams shall haunt me forever.It's everything I've ever wanted.PTSD Simulator Mk2."
,Recommended,393380,31020561,Posted: 8 April,all,Raptor,"I am going to leave a rewiew because this game is really great.But first , this is my second account, I'm not new in fps games.I'm going to tell 15 things that why you should buy this game.Plus things that are bad and unrealistic.So let's start:1-First of all, this game really gives you a combat experience , 50 versus 50 players. The game play is not run 'n gun nor peek 'n shoot. It is realistic.2- People are so nice . They Plan everything.I think they take game seriously.Our squad leader is like ""squad 2 wait for our backup.were coming from behind, we have 8 man"" so you really enjoy it.""Praetorian21 smoke the road so our teammates can get across the road.Everyone , wait for Praetorian21's smoke so you won't get hurt by hostile armed vehicle"".3-Graphics are so nice.4-Huge maps.5-Game is based on teams, teams based on squads.which makes it more easy to make plans, team communication.6-The game won't let anybody to grief.7-Lots of vehicles.8-Vehicle system is very great, you could select seats like in unturned , plus nobody can drive without squad leaders permission.They could rearm and repaired in stations.9-Lots of classes.10-Lots of communication styles. For everyone , for team,for squad,for every single squad leader.11-Lots of realistic stuff like bleeding and peeking.12-To play this game Fps skills are not the only thing.You need strategy too.13-You could build stuff like sandbags.14-Original , Its not like other Fps games.15-Its a really great game for an Early Access , No bugs , No lags and Nice People.Things that Are bad and unrealistic:1-You gotta run a marathon if there's no friendly vehicles or checkpoints.2-You won't ""really die"" if you don't "" give up"".My opinion is you must die if you get shots after getting down, also there must be a time limit.3-You start bleed in 3 bullets.4-Learning game takes time.5-Weapon recoils are too high.Its like emptying entire magazine of Ak 47 in Cs:Go but it's even higher."
76561198012936812,Recommended,393380,26560303,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Timon,"Perfect mix of ARMA- and Battlefield Playstlye with a great scale of tactics. Everybody is playing objective so far, game is wonderful adjusted to teamplay. Great communication over voip with an adult community. Graphics are OK and performance is good."
,Recommended,393380,26537987,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Devar,"Absolutely one of the best cooperative tactical shooters I've ever played. A game with nuance and intelligence, rewarding patient play and punishing rambo lone wolves. Has come a very very long way and still has a way to go to completion, but is already pretty much the only game I ever want to play! A microphone is essential for communicating with your squad to identify threats and figure out strategies. So damn good. High recommended."
76561198277431688,Recommended,393380,26536245,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,syks01,"WOW!! what a game! this is my favorite fps on pc by a long way and to think its only in alpha...let me start by saying if your expecting or wanting a cod/battlefield type game then do not buy this as it plays NOTHING like those arcade shooters!...this is more a realism type game with AMAZING teamplay,a mic is almost a must to get the best out of this game...if you get into a game with a good squad leader it almost feels real and this game is short periods of quiet slowley working your way to an objective followed by the most intense gun battles ive had on pc yet! the feeling you get when playing this game cant be described in words really except life like lolIf your fed up of all the arcade shooters like bf1 and cod and are looking for a more sim like experience with an amazing comunity,amazing teamplay and a more realistic but VERY accessible game then look no further!10/10 for me already despite it being in alpha! i LOVE it :)"
76561197995141468,Recommended,393380,26550451,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Finny,One of the most enjoyable squad based tactical games out there. Even in this stage of development the game feels fleshed out and well optimised making it well worth the price tag. As a devoted insurgency and rainbow six gamer this game still offers the best multiplayer experience when it comes to large war like fire fights. It's outrages how much better this game is compared to something like battle field 1 which i have played and just couldn't enjoy because of Squad.
76561198016468962,Recommended,393380,26542350,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Blazar,Looks like a good successor to Project Reality!
,Recommended,393380,26542324,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,CO-WRECKED,"This game combines what's good about large-map shooter/sims like Arma and DayZ, with what's good about infantry combat from games like RO2. It plays very smooth, and is realistic without being annoying to play. A bit of a learning curve, but was easy for me to pick up everything after a few rounds."
,Recommended,393380,26535545,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Rocketlr,"Keep getting disconnected.. Deleting %localappdata%/squad Helped for about 15mins then it started again. Overall its a somewhat nice Combat sim. Animations need to be a bit faster in some parts. Can feel clunky. Has potential. I get nice fps 60+ on a gtx 980TI, i7 4770 ETC.."
76561198204935272,Recommended,393380,26559944,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Based_JD,"Solid game, even in Alpha state. Devs are active with the community and are always providing a solid stream of content and updates. Gameplay wise; you cannot match this game. Very immersive! Some of the best times you will have will be when you are in a squad capping points, covering each other's backs and making call outs! The community is very friendly and welcoming and willing to teach new players. I had a good few squad leaders my first few hours of play that taught me the basics.Enough reading....go buy it already!! Support this amazing and unique game and the devs!!"
,Recommended,393380,26560081,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,null,"Really awesome game, definitely recommend for anyone who has enjoyed games like ArmA."
76561198238185586,Recommended,393380,26540692,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,[PCH] CKennedy17,"This game has been in development for a while and has just recently become an awsome game. Before i would see it hard to reccomend to a friend but the developers work hard every day and are coming out with content faster than any other dev. team Ive seen. The new content is epic, THIS IS AN EARLY ACCESS GAME of course it will have its bugs, thats why it warns you before you buy it but these bugs are being taken care of. Love this game 10/10"
,Recommended,393380,26546959,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,|HSR| Kaoz,"Waited weeks for some sort of discount, and after hitting 14hours playtime after 2 days of free weekend I had to buy it.10/10 :)"
,Recommended,393380,31049091,Posted: 9 April,all,Sylvester Stallone,"Pretty fun, and intense military shooter. I recommend buying this game at base price, or better yet, when it's on sale. It's extremely fun as I said before, and if you like first-person shooters, you're going to love this game without a doubt."
,Recommended,393380,26556324,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,sammy \[T]/,"Very solid early access with consistent flow of updates and content. I had many issues in the past, back when the game came out on steam, but all of those are resolved now.The game itself is a spiritual successor to BF2: Project Reality mod and is not your typical shooter. It emphasizes more on teamwork and communication rather than on gunplay. Squads need to work together and follow the leader and in turn squad leaders need to communicate between each other to be effective. Thanks to it's nature the gameplay is much much slower than Battlefield for example, but not all boring if played right.I just hope for more non-middle-eastern maps and factions (without mods)."
,Recommended,393380,31044858,Posted: 9 April,all,Zerrok,Replayablity is insane; each match can widely differ.victory is not just determined by the best shooter but also by the squads that posistionthemselves the best; thinking and communication is requried.Game is playable with an outdated and stock fx-4100 cpu.
,Recommended,393380,26555713,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Wobbly sausage,"One of the best shooter/sim out there.Perfect mix between Arma and Battlefield, you got a fast paced game but really tactical as the same timeCons :- Takes time to launch- As much idiots as in LoL- Issues when trying to communicate with anyone who's not speaking english and doesn't want to listen to youPros :- Great graphics- Nice particle effects- Guns behave smoothly- Balanced- People usually play tactical- Frequent updates"
76561198084781772,Recommended,393380,31047691,Posted: 9 April,all,Party Poison,"Don't expect a PR experience, it's still a long way for this game to be as good as PR. There's not crazy amount of content, but it's still really fun. If you have a good computer, mic and you don't have a problem with talking to other people, this is a must buy. For everybody expecting a ""Battlefield experience"", don't even try this. Battlefield, especially BF1, is really casual. This is, on the other hand, very hardcore. If you are a ArmA fan, but you hate the controls in that game, just try this.If the developers keep updating the game, it has the potential to become one of the best fps' ever made"
,Recommended,393380,20180333,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Dimitri the bandit,The graphics though
,Recommended,393380,31043142,Posted: 9 April,all,[8CLN] Krieg,Even though I only have 5 hours clocked in I can tell I will be playing alot of squad.Pros: Good player base: Gameplay feels good and not clunky: Easy to learn classes: Most people will help new people out: Good mapsCons: Some game breaking bugs (I know its in alpha): A Some what steep learning curve for the squad leader roleOverall this game is very fun if you like this style of game and they have big plans for the game like heilcopters tanks etc.
,Recommended,393380,21598803,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Redattack11B,">Be US Soldier in Afghanistan>Running with squad, away from the main battle, trying to flank the enemy.>RunningSimulator2016.jpg>Business as normal.>Suddenly a random dude pops up out of the bushes right in the middle of all of us.>Squadmate says ""Who's this guy?"">Everyone looks at the random dude, who looks at us confused.>Everyone realizes it's an enemy.>Squad panics, everyone starts looking at each other and freaking out.>""OH♥♥♥♥♥♥"">""WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥."">""WHAT DO WE DO?!"">""WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON?!"">""DO WE SHOOT HIM?!"">""WHERE DID HE COME FROM?!"">""SHOULD WE KILL HIM?!"">""YEAH GUYS SHOOT HIM!"">We shot him.>Squad laughs their♥♥♥♥♥off until we reach the objective.RIP Random Chechen Rebel.11/10, would question killing enemy again."
,Recommended,393380,19834826,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,J.Gango,"Hey Readers,From Flanking an entire enemy force, to going ""balls deep"" and throwing everything you have at a point. The game cannot be beat. Most times I play real chill as I find this calming and soothing. Get Ready for ""Squad and Chill"".Through The time I have spent playing this game, I have learned a few things:1. Playing the game shirtless lends to some of my best games. It makes you feel alive, like a Rambo.2. Most Players can not shoot straight. Practice firing at distance on the shooting range, you will improve and be a Rambo type player.3. Placing FOBs on Points does not work most of the time.4. Do Not Place FOBs in the middle of the road. Why? No Shhh...5. Ask your SL what kit they want and where to spawn. Do not grab marksman and run off to ""La La Land"".6. The easiest way to get into an enemy point is to come from its rear. Most people do not watch this are, so you can sneak in and take out most of their force if not all.7. FOBs on the flank of an enemy point are golden. They not only open a new front, but you usually can locate and destroy the enemies FOB.8. Spread Out.9. Medics need to Spread Out. Do not have 3 medics circle jerking eachother while reviving the one guy who is a bullet magnetNow U know the ins and outs of squadHit me up if you want some more tips and tricksSigning off,Jon Rambo..Uhh...I mean...J.GangoP.S Playing Shirtless Really Does Improve Your Game!!!"
,Recommended,393380,33120086,Posted: 2 July,all,stew,"This game is not for run and gun people whatsoever. If you enjoy slow paced, intense battles, and lots of communication, then I believe you would like this game."
,Recommended,393380,26530664,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,a sandwich,"DONT DRINK THE HATERADE------------------------------This game, unpolished as it may be, is still very fun. After a lengthy process of windows updates and troubleshooting to get the game working, I was convinced on my 2nd match that this game was worth it. Its in Alpha folks....does anyone remember Arma 3 in alpha? I only see good things coming from this game.It runs wonderfuly on my toaster of a PC. The sounds are epic. The combat is intense. Forget COD, Battlefield 4 or 1, or any of those manufactured ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t titles, support these people here. Because they are putting out a triple A product.Yes i may only have 2 hours at the time of this review. But goddamn i am going to put so many more into this game."
76561198044444256,Recommended,393380,32970101,Posted: 28 June,all,Thicc Boye,"My dad always wanted me to join the army, now I can pretend I'm making my father proud 10/10."
,Recommended,393380,33161924,Posted: 2 July,all,Error 96,If ArmA had good gun-play.
,Recommended,393380,26530274,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Chode Smirkley,"Just bought the game and here is a description of the first game I joined.Squad is tasked with clearin a small town of enemy combatants, we insert with a BTR supporting us and all seems quiet until we hit the center of town. Then all hell breaks loose, the BTR takes 3 RPG hits and the explosion kills two people around the vehicle. the rest of us get in cover as red tracers fly over our heads and fill the night sky. Squad 4 provides heavy MG fire from the hill overlooking the town, pinning some of the enemy soldiers down long enough for my squad to clear the area and regroup. Only played two games so far and fell in love with this game instantly because of that engagement. my only problem witht he game is finding a server that isnt completely full and still has good enough ping to where you can play smoothly. 9/10 this is replacing CS as my favorite FPS"
76561198057123888,Recommended,393380,20732371,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Green,"For an alpha the game is extremely stable. Project Reality veterens will experience the game game  like riding a bike, but it's a new bike and it shines."
76561198020385718,Recommended,393380,20574203,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,TumblingFist,"Real as you can get with combat. The sounds are real just like the real weapons and explosions. Almost too real. M4 sounds like M4, SAW sounds like SAW, AK sounds like AK, etc. etc. Amazing game i fully recommend it if you want a real experience."
,Recommended,393380,20693929,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Lemon,"Great gameplay, active devs, planned updates, friendly community. What's not to love?At the moment there are issues that need addressing as well as content missing, but these problems have all been recognized and are in the process of being fixed by the developers who are in constant contact with the community.If all promises are kept and the developers remain focused, then the currently modestly sized playerbase can only grow, and the game will only get better... And it's already a fantastic game."
76561198005235767,Recommended,393380,21510471,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Zlipnit,"This game has the perfect balance between creative license and true to life gameplay, It is very rewarding if you(and your team) play it right but also very punishing all the way from a team level to an indivdual level. Everyone contributes and effect the outcome of the game but you can not do it alone. so far one of the best shooters ever made, thanks to the near decade long effort of the developers on project reality. Now with the limitations removed from modding an old game with out support to using the latest of the latest in gaming engines to provide us as consumers the best playing experience.- [TAW] Zlipnit"
,Recommended,393380,33092475,Posted: 1 July,all,Tom csgobounty.com csgetto.com,Simply amazing!
,Recommended,393380,26560347,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Bebo,"All these people ♥♥♥♥♥ing about how the game sucks and its unoptimized, they got it for the free weekend and they're from Battlefield and Call of Duty and have no idea its supposed to be realistic. They whine when the they get killed in three hits instead of 10.To all you jackasses complaining about it. ITS AN ALPHA GAME. One of the best so far. Better than DayZ, that was a let down Alpha. This game show's a ton of potential, you guys are just not used to realistic mil sim games.Sure the game is unoptimized and what not, but that's why its an ALPHA game not full release. I've played this game since before it was made and was a mod for BF2 called Project Reality. I can safley say, hold your horses the game will be astonishing when its fully completed.If you wana cry about how its a bit of walking, maybe you should reffer to a AAA game called ArmA, more than 10x as much walking as this, and no one cry's about it.You guys just cry becasue you're from CoD and BF and think this is the same.All in all this game is a great diamond in the rough, it just needs time for it's dev's to fix a lot of things. Only recently were vehicles added which was great. As I said great game, give it time."
,Recommended,393380,31471259,Posted: 30 April,all,hero-ofsniper,good game (mostly) and easier virsion of arma in my opinion but with a faster gameplay and a clear objectiveif you like arma you will like this game and if you dont like arma you will like this gameget it anyway what are you waiting forpt*o clock is ticking
,Recommended,393380,31036819,Posted: 9 April,all,Killa Chron,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing for anyone who likes a realistic military shooter based on squads.  This is not a game for casuals, you cannot just jump in and expect to kill people, you will most likely die 5x more than you kill on your first week or 2.  If you want to give this game a try please keep this in mind, it is no COD or BF so don't play it like it is.  I haven't had this much fun in a long time with a shooter and would recommend it to anyone that enjoys realism."
76561197971766793,Recommended,393380,31465665,Posted: 30 April,all,GigaS,"As in Alpha state, this game is so awesome already.  Yes extra content would be nice, but the design behind the game is pure enjoyment and perfect.  What makes it this way however is the community, also.  If you buy the game, please keep this mindset in check and play it right.Being a SL takes time and practice, so enjoy the other roles as you learn to play (like i am) and let others take point.  All the roles are just as important as the SL, so don't focus so much on SL being the only one that matters.  I play mainly as the medic and find it fun and challenging.Can't wait for future devlp. of this game and where it goes.  A++"
,Recommended,393380,26550443,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Space God,"Amazing game, team work required, patience needed.I have had this game for a while, long before vehicles, people saying the map is too big need to go back to playing Call of Duty, this is a hard-core shooter with realistic maps for realistic warfare, with good elements that make it not too tough to get into. The vehicles IMO made it feel too small, but they are a nice touch in some cases. This game has the best communication system of any game. I could go on about how they offer multiple chats and how real it makes the game feel; sound is a huge part of immersion. It offers the radio chat between squad members called “squad chat” with a filter over your voice making it sound like your speaking over comms. I love the “voice chat” most of all because everyone can hear each other and it sounds like we are all standing around in a desert yelling, if someone is too far you can’t hear them. It makes for some wild moments with people yelling and bullets flying. Just like RL. You will often find your self with many others from around the world. It has frequent updates and is running on a great engine that is easy to change and update. This game will get better and better. Worth the sale price if you haven’t bought it already. If you’re not up for team work this is not your game. Hate to see it get down bombed by people who played it for an hour on a free to play day. This is not casual Battle Field crap.Thank you, veterans, for your service its truly appreciated."
76561197999468179,Recommended,393380,26560406,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Wolfman,"It's like a Project Reallity Standalone game, tons of fun. A great mix of Arma and Battlefield. And finally a game where run and gun is not rewarded."
76561197962961430,Recommended,393380,33828249,Posted: 27 July,all,MrFixXxeR,"From the guys behind the Battlefield 2 mod: Project Reality this is a standalone game.If you want realistic teamwork in an modern day combat situation this is the game for you. Squadleaders, Building of Forward Operations bases anywhere on the maps with bunkers, mg nests, mortas you name it. This is a great game if you want realistic tactical warfare in first person!This is a must buy if you like Tactical FPS games!"
76561197995672084,Recommended,393380,23909404,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Matatron,"I have always really enjoyed huge open battlefield realistic military sims such as Joint Operations and this game is just perfect. In many ways it is like Dayz in terms of realism, intensity and combat tactics but lets you get into the combat faster.  I would strongly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys the mechanics of cover, suppressing fire, flanking etc. that make these games so enjoyable to learn and master"
76561198121255933,Recommended,393380,27476641,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,AnToN,You always get a new experience every game!!! Some lolz moments and some badass!
76561197987763347,Recommended,393380,26530710,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Stryker7314,"Gameplay is phenomenal.  The community is second to none; folks are teamplayers in this game, never seen anything like it. Haven't had this much fun in an online game in a while. It's the perfect mix between battlefield and arma, with the best of both worlds and none of the cawodooty battlefield has become and clunkyness of the arma engine. Gameplay is smooth and responsive and firefights are intense. Get it."
,Recommended,393380,26530565,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Landy,"A wonderful, tactical shooter that feels like a midpoint between Arma and Battlefield. One of the strongest points of the game is the base-building, which lets you build any kind of FOB you want.The guns feel solid and real, while still being pretty fun to use. You WILL die a lot, especially if you aren't careful, so it's good to learn the ins and outs of each weapon.The teamwork aspect of the game is a very important one. Find a good leader and squad, and you won't be let down. Honestly the community is so friendly that I don't think it's easy to get matched with a bad team.If you like Battlefield or Arma, this is definitely a game for you."
,Recommended,393380,26553344,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,downcast,It's a good game but do your research before you buy it. This isn't CoD/BF. This is a bit more like Insurgency(or older americas army games) in a larger scale and more focus on teamplay with your squad. Devs are active and constantly keep hotfixing stuff and as a proof just view their update history.To get the most out of this game you will need a mic and understandable/average english for contact bearings.Game works great on my i5 4690k paired with GTX 970 and although heavily overclocked it worked just fine at stock aswell.Can't say how it works for amd cpus but i've read people seem to have issues with them so keep that in mind.
,Recommended,393380,26552735,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Drinka,"This game requires communication and organization. If you do not have a microphone, I do not recommend this game. If you do have one I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,393380,26551394,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,cenaamil,One of the best tatical shoorters I've seen around! Highly recommend it!
,Recommended,393380,26553104,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Androidizen,"Undoutly one of the great FPS games to come to market, for an Alpha its packed full of emergant gameplay. Not a game for the COD or Battlefield kids this is a realistic shooter with no minimap and more and no auto health regen.Play as a squad or die as a loner..."
,Recommended,393380,26551467,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Geaper,Great game
76561198089724058,Recommended,393380,26540320,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,[116th] MadWolf,I really like this game.If arma is too realistic for you but you want a more realistic shooter than Battlefield than buy Squad!
,Recommended,393380,26560449,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,DeckGunner,"I've been playing FPS games since the original Doom came out. Since then, I've played most of them and not many have felt right. Most lack communication, are run-and-gun type or are low in players.After playing Squad for about 300h now, I must say that I have found the game I always wished for.It's very challenging, I think it took me about 5-10h to get my first kill. Run and gun isn't a viable option, which is what I live about this game. It's all about communication and team work.The dedicated roles are also nicely balanced. You need a good squad leader, a good medic in order to do well in this game. The roles are also very rewarding. In the real world, I'm trained as a designated marksman, but in Squad, I always play as a medic. Why? Because nothing in this game (for me) get your heart pumping like trying to save your team mates under fire (especially as you are unable to return fire while healing).The game is still in alpha phase, so it's not yet the final version of the game. Having said that, I'm very happy that I bought the game now and not wait for the 2017 release. Good stuff!"
76561198046255593,Recommended,393380,26544208,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Lamke,"In the short amount of time i've so far played this game, i've fallen in love with it. It has the same ideas as Arma in the sense of large scale PVP, large maps, and a decent vareity of weapons. And it plays like insurgency in the sense of how smooth it runs. I have't ran into any game breaking bugs, andf for early access it seems very polished and refined. And veteran Project Reality player will definitly feel at home, but better."
76561197995371471,Recommended,393380,26545530,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,poOBah,"Great game sofar, reminds me alittle of Novalogic games back in the day, I have been waiting along time for this to go on sale and at 50% off its a steal!!. for a Beta she is pretty satisfying."
76561198046707593,Recommended,393380,26544266,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Professor Moe Lester PhD,"So far I have only played about 20 minutes of actual gameplay at the time of writing this review, but have had an amazing experience. I was actually solo for almost the entirety of it, but still had a great time and can definitely see how playing with a squad can make this game even more entertaining and enjoyable. I have played a lot of milsims and am definitely more into that genre rather than arcady games like COD. This game is much more fun than Arma's multiplayer, especially considering most of Arma's server's are just BS rpg life simulator crap. In this game, there is ACTUAL combat gameplay, and it is realistic enough to make COD children cry, but not too realistic to the point where youre doing absolutely nothing most of the time. Honestly, all in all, I had a lot of fun playing for that short period of time, and I can see myself adding in many more hours.Here's the footage of my first life in the game, just to show how quickly you can get right into combat and have a good time.https://youtu.be/5SBz9ig9S_g"
,Recommended,393380,26545737,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,ʕ– ᴥ –ʔ,"Really intense, great teamwork, and more realism than most other games"
,Recommended,393380,26545693,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,yohansbeanprout07,"It is a good game, you can call it aWAR STIMULATOR, you might find it boring at the start but after for few hours it will get interesting, you won't even know how time will pass by.But you need a micfor this game (if you want it enjoy it with the war feel) .If you like war movies must try this game out, fun to play with friends."
,Recommended,393380,26543902,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,rocode,"If you are a veteran of BF2: Project Reality mod, Arma, Insurgency, or any of the more realistic milsims, this game is for you.If you are coming from the Call of Duty, Battlefield, or Counterstrike communities, read the guides first, ask questions in voice comms, and learn a bit about the game before you get put off. The game is heavily focused on teamwork and tactics. It has 1-4 bullets to death ratio. Do not make the mistake of trying to treat it like an arcadey shooter. You are not going to get anywhere charging an enemy base by yourself or lone wolfing it. Join a squad, stick together, and most of all, communicate. Losing can be fun if you do so while fighting a desperate holding action with your squad."
,Recommended,393380,26849771,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kreker🎃,"This is a diamond among the tactical online shooter.As if mixed Battlefield, Insurgency, Arma and get a great game."
76561198274942754,Recommended,393380,33482790,Posted: 12 July,all,terawattkun,10/10 would get PTSD from mortal fire.Join an organised team/clan for the best experience. The community is friendly as long as you play the game as intended.
,Recommended,393380,31133714,Posted: 14 April,all,Mark Winburn,"Absolutely fantastic. If you're into teamwork, strategy, tactics and immersion pick it up. If your idea of a good time in a game is going off on your own with a sniper rifle and getting sick 1337 kill streaks, don't bother. I don't even mean that in a rude way -- if you're big on lone wolf gameplay or getting huge kill streaks, this simply isn't the game for you. If you're interested in a deep, thrilling, TEAMWORK based experience, pick it up. If you don't have a mic or if you aren't willing to at least listen to your squad leader then please don't bother."
76561197993659171,Recommended,393380,21834994,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,|TG| BigGayAl,"TL;DR: 100% Recommended. Great value for money. Core mechanics solid, gamemode honed over many years creating very dynamic gameplay.This is a game like they don't make em anymore. No unlocks or levelling grind. You get all the content in the game immediatly.The graphics are very crisp and the environements are convincing. The gun mechanics are excellent, and off course that makes the guns extremely lethal.The sound effects are amazing really. The bullets cracks over your head will have you scouring for cover, combined with a very well implemented visual suppresion effect.The core of the game is there in the current alpha. It will be pretty amazing imo when all the vehicles and more maps are added.My personal absolute favorite feature: building fortifications where the squadleader places them and the grunts shovel them up. They deploy well in the engine, with no clipping problems that I've noticed, and they seem quite useful in design.  They really add a lot of value for me as they can make the same map play just a bit differently everytime by allowingyou to change basically the map in the game.Well, in short. Fully recommended. I know some of the passionate people behind this game. With the most core aspects of the game aleady well implemented, they will develop a beautiful game as they have done in the past in mods. But now they have so much more freedom working straight from the engine.Lets hope this devteam sets the bar for other game developers and makes them stop churning out unlock grinds. 100% worth the money."
,Recommended,393380,26550301,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,cam,Amazing. If you liked Arma: 2  you will LOVE this game. Some of my most intense gaming moments holding a compound for 45 minutes.
,Recommended,393380,20206625,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,OxyT,This game is awesome.. just needs a few touches here and there But other than that the gameplay is great. better than ARMA 3 I must say.. even though I enjoy ARMA3
,Recommended,393380,21030779,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Mr Sheepie,"Ho lee schidtI expected a braindead community going lone-wolf and not playing objectiveMaaan was I wrong. This game is great!This is a really fun game, recommend. Even at $40, supporting the developers who roll out updates like candy. They listen to their community almost to the fullest."
,Recommended,393380,19756972,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Mass,"Absolutely fantastic. This game almost perfectly fills the whole I had from the arma missions I used to play with a group. The advantage this has over Arma is it is all in one easy to access focused package. Also, it runs a hell of a lot better.The only real problem I have is that games can be inconsistent, and how enjoyable a match is for you largely relies on your teammates. So far though, I usually get pretty decent groupings.One bit of advice I'll chuck out to people who aren't used to proper milsim type combat is, SPREAD THE ♥♥♥♥ OUT. Too many times I see entire squads being supressed by single LMGs, or 4-5 people blown up by 1 grenade. Spreading out also comes with the advantage of making it harder for you to be flanked. It's good to work together as a team, but that doesn't mean you have to all be holding each others hands, try to keep atleast 3-4 meters between you and other teammates. If that means missing out on shooting at people the rest of your squad is, then good. This game isn't about kills, your better off covering sectors other people aren't than trying to shoot at the ones other people already are. The only time this doesn't really apply, is when you are stacking against a wall to breach a doorway or opening."
76561198010675188,Recommended,393380,20952187,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Porkmybarber,"One of the best tactical shooters on the market!  Squad requires teamwork to succeed and a working mic is recommended to those looking to play.  I find the immersion factor excellent and find myself in the zone when playing, sometimes physically hunching when taking fire in game.  Great community so far, I hope to continue having this much fun as the game develops."
76561198064848137,Recommended,393380,26551380,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Jow,Yes
,Recommended,393380,33289513,Posted: 5 July,all,zerowise,"If you've ever played Project Reality, this is its spiritual successor. If you haven't, but slower, more cautiously paced shooters interest you, you're in luck.Blending the realism and minimal HUD from shooters like Insurgency and Rising Storm / Red Orchestra, and the large, open map stylings of Arma 3, Squad offers tactical team shooting gameplay that is very difficult to find these days. I've rarely dropped into a squad of 9 where more than one person wasn't using a mic. Coordination seems to occur naturally in this game as a result of the tightly focused design to the combat. Medics can revive you from all but a headshot, so sticking with your team is rewarded immediately and organically. The radio / VOIP is broken into 3 channels, easily allowing you to coordinate with your squad while your leader confers with the other squad leaders.Gunplay, and the firearms themselves, are modelled very well. I am very familiar with the M4 and M16 weapons platforms, and not many games get the feeling of them right - this game does. Though I've less real-world experience with them the AK family of rifles is fun to use as well. My only complaint is that medics don't get optics for their rifles - and while I can use iron sights well enough, I do prefer my optics. It's a noob thing, I guess.The graphics are gorgeous in my opinion. I have seen complaints about the optimization, but I have no issues on an i7 4790k, 32GB of RAM and a GTX 1080 running the game off of a SSD - though that is probably because there's enough brute force that optimization doesn't matter much. Anecdotal either way; your perfomance metrics will vary.The sound design is superb. You have to hear it to understand, but in 7.1 surround it is terrifying and impressive to hear bullets hitting the wall around you while the cracks of gunfire echo over the city and mortar shells drop from the heavens with deafening aplomb. Gunfire reverberates inside of buildings, while spreading flat and sharp in open spaces. And all sounds are positional around local topography, so you can learn to make callouts without even needing to see your enemy; when you've learned the different calibers' sound as they're fired this becomes second nature.All in all, this game represents some of the finest teamwork-oriented shooting currently available, and while it has some Early Access bugs, it is continuously being worked on by the developers and improves every patch. If you are tired of shooters full of spastic children lone-wolfing and teams that don't play the freaking objective, buy this and look no further.Also: be prepared to die in the ditches listening to your squadmates crying for a medic."
,Recommended,393380,35193688,Posted: 24 September,all,Panda With a Gun,Squad Life-spawn in-see everyone heading to the outskirts of the compound to protect it-see man willing to give jihad class-follow the man into a building-stand still while he straps a IED to my head-run into the line of fire while he has a flip phone detenator at hand behind me-see americans-run at americans-yell to signal explosion-explode-kill 2 americans-repeat
,Recommended,393380,34853725,Posted: 9 September,all,PRAY FOR VEGAS,I love the gameBest EraI love the theme soundtrack playin when the game is loading...I love the guys the ♥♥♥♥in idiots and the pros...Damn good Gameplay once all play in team
76561198010420268,Recommended,393380,23809735,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Hammered Hebrew,"This is the first review I've ever written on Steam.  That being said this game is phenomenal. Yes it is only in alpha, yes the games can be long... BUT this is the closest thing to real you can get in an FPS shooter. Everyone is playing the objective. The gameplay is organized and it has to be. If you arent organized as a squad/team you will lose 100% of the time. I highly suggest the game, it can only get better from here."
,Recommended,393380,26528594,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,R3d 1,"This is the game I was waiting for after Battlfield moved towards consoles. The squad based tactics and point to point gameplay makes for a compelling playthrough every time. Rounds can be an hour long, but they're full of bite sized snippets of action where good coordination with teammates really pays off. As someone who had trouble getting into Rainbow 6 Siege, I found this game much more forgiving and the learning curve isn't steep if you have experience in ARMA, Operation Flashpoint, Paintball (IRL), or AirSoft (IRL).Recommending reading is Sun Tzu's The Art of War, not all of it necessarily, but there are great points to be made in terms of ground combat tactics as well as troop management.10/10 would still play the alpha"
76561198006691142,Recommended,393380,32899638,Posted: 27 June,all,Str0ngSide,This is the fps game I've always been looking for.  It's ARMA done right.  Comms are perfect and the game modes are one of  a kind.  Now if they can just make it into an MMO!
76561198268722138,Recommended,393380,33457316,Posted: 11 July,all,[DPRC] Fuller,"If you love Call of Duty, Battlefield 1 or Counter-Strike this is not your game!Some history:Back in the days when the first Battlefield came out (Battlefield 1941) it was a completly new expirience for all of us.It was definately a casual game but it brought a lot of great content to the gamers.(hugh maps, tanks, jets and the ""flag"" gameplay). On the other hand there was Operation Flashpoint- the hardcore military simulation.(which led to the development of Arma). Shortly after BF1941 release a small group of modders created the Desert Combat mod which introduced modern weaponry like attack helicopters, missiles and so on.A few years later these people helped in the developemnt of Battlefield 2 (which is still one of the best Battlefields of all time). The same process happened again. A small group of modders began to develop Project Reality - a more realistic approach to a tactical, team-based shooter. (the hardcore milsim at the time was Arma:Armed Assault). Project Reality is still under development and  available as a standalone. PR could be called the predecessor of Squad so a lot of thegame mechanics were copied from PR (which is a good thing!). So if you want to know what Squad will look like in a few years- check out Project Reality. (but READ the manual first! There are only a couple of server -with global ban lists ;) )tl;drSquad is a mix of Battlefield and Arma with a lot of very well proven concepts from Project Reality.Pros:-It's all about teamplay and communication but also the skill of a single soldier can change everything.(that one dude who hit the BTR-82A with the HAT kit over 500m and thus helped a pinned down squad to advance further into enemy territory).-25km² maps with different layouts.-Realistic sounds/great atmosphere-Some serious communites like squad-ops.- Vehicles(HMMWV, Stryker, MTLB, BRDM, BTR)-FOB/HAB system with deploayables (sandbags, HESCO, M2 Browning, SPG-9, mortars, razor wires...)-Still under development with updates every 2-3 months.-Almost no cheater/hacker because that stuff doesn't win you the game.-ALOT of different servers all over the world.-You won't win a game with a good K/D.Cons:-A relatively new and young community-Still some gameplay related issues and cheesy tactics. (blocking bridges with destryed vehicles, RPG/grenade spam,..)-Performance issues and quite a few bugs.WIP:-Bipods-Tanks-Helicopters-Different ammo types (HE, HEI, MPAT, APFSDS,...)-Mutliple guns per vehicles (e.g. BTR-82A with a 30mm and a 7,62mm)-New supply system-New factions (United Kingdom)"
,Recommended,393380,20800777,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Wookie404,"Strikes the perfect balance between Mil-Sim and Mainstream FPS, requires teamwork and mic to really enjoy the game. If you don't work as a team and communicate effectively you're going to have a bad time. There is a learning curve, and don't count on seeing the enemy, understanding fire superiority is key to push forward as a squad. Learning how to squad lead effectively is extremely rewarding, nothing is better than getting your guys in perfect ambush position and holding fire until they get out in the open......sweet sweet endorphine rush.Still quite a few kinks to work through with optimization and anti-cheat, but if you're rig exceeds the recommended specs you should be good to go. Think of it as an infantry only version of Project Reality at this time. The game and the graphics engine are both in early development so this one should really take off in a year, the community is pretty healthy as you need to use teamwork to win. The learning curve is steep, but once you figure it all out it's hard to play anything else.Tip: Currently Set Shadows to Low (not shadow detail), memory leak or something on that setting and it doesn't really make a difference visually but you'll get back your framerate."
76561198039729743,Recommended,393380,33251156,Posted: 4 July,all,Exile,"First proper game, *no squad chatter to start* after informing my squad that my turban would protect me before combat... this eventually escalated to....the squad  in a truck full of IEDs that we all road into battle singing the ISIS theme tune by the end of the game.What more do you want"
76561198077813311,Recommended,393380,32890230,Posted: 27 June,all,PandaMikez 🐼,"This game taught me there are no heroes...in life, the monsters win."
,Recommended,393380,26551604,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,WombRaider  ツ,this is great game. it makes me feel like i am actually in combat and is very realistic. if you like arma or insurgency you will love this game!
76561198032284208,Recommended,393380,31536053,Posted: 3 May,all,Scottisme,"-Best online comunnity I've come across.-Great game, a bit ruff around the edges but its getting better.-A good gap between arma and battlefield but unfortunately has some clunkiness to it. I think allot of this is to amke it more realistic, however if your life counted on it you would reload faster and deploy weapons much faster than in this game or most mil sims for that matter.-lots of nit picky little things that im sure will be altered/fixed/changed in the future. not sure why you cant lean while prone. or sprint from prone ( as in standing up from prone like most games then sprinting. no sprint toggle. few optics. no customization, besides FOB building i guess.-still worth buying even if none of your friends have it lots of great people to play and learn from online"
76561198194661549,Recommended,393380,33106553,Posted: 1 July,all,Agent47,"I have played Arma 3, I have played COD, played BF but nothing matches the realism of Squad, Wear your Headphones, tune up the volume & join the battle, you wont regret it, trust me !!!!! Project Reality Ex-Devs have done a great job, some bugs tho, game is still in Alpha State :)"
76561198120727356,Recommended,393380,26532967,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Righteous Panda,"All good things to say about this game. I have played this game since its debut on steam and enjoyed the whole process. every step of the way it has only gotten better.  This game is super dependent on cooperative team play.. yes you occassionally have intentional TKs as well as very poor squad performance but that all comes with a game that really depends on amicable teamwork. when it comes to gameplay, the game is set up to encourge this type of play. this is not arma and if you want a small-team free-for-all arma-experience you will be sorely disappointed. people generally do not apprecciate that kind of play and you will likely be scolded and kicked from your squad (leaving you with only 2 mags for a basic m4). as I stated before this game is cooperative so do not expect to play it for personal stats and awards but instead you tend to live for your squad (hence the game name) and your pride is in your squad.one thing I can honestly say is don't believe the negative reviews from people who have only played this for 1 hour, as a matter of fact my first hour of play was horribly frustrating but i gave it a chance and got with a good squad and boy was it unbelievable. the sounds, the bullet hail, the close combat that is around every corner. every kill is an earned kill and every fight gets your heart racing.ps. if you don't have a mic, i would strongly recommend getting one as it will make your own experience way more fun.pss. you have to keep in mind that this game is a work in progress the game can be unstable sometimes as errors do occur, but they will and have been getting better. The game is still in alpha so we have to keep that in mind.Edit: 06/20/2017I can honestly say that I am very happy with the progress of this game. Though the content updates do not happen every single month, when they do come, they revolutionize the game. It is a new game every update and it is always exciting to read the monthly info posts as well."
76561198116552105,Recommended,393380,20538390,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,sofro,Most intense game play i have ever experienced and ive play PR BP and Epoch and i thought they were good!
,Recommended,393380,26540157,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,jpc1918 ---{TIL}---,"Do you enjoy slow paced moving and then 15 minutes of having your heart beating out of your chest as you're being fired upon from all directions. Barely being able to tell who's the enemy at times and no twitch fast paced braindead shooting like in CoD or Battlefield. Realistic recoil and bullet drop slow sneaking and communication going as far as obeying your Squad leader when he tells you to hold your fire and hide.Do you enjoy Red Orchestra?Then you will love this game, a great team of devs and when they promise a performance patch...I went from 30fps to a solid 90 on medium on this extremely outdated rig with a stable 60 on very populated serversThis is a game about communication and team workEDIT: People there are 2 vital things to this game1. Specs are NOT a suggestion and supersampling has a warning for a reason.2. This is an ALPHA drop the expectations as updates are still there the devs are very interactive with the community, updates aren't all giant and fancy but content will keep coming. Do not expect a complete game without game-breaking bugs."
76561198015355376,Recommended,393380,19856331,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,{sBc} Bane5,"One of the most immersive shooters ever--sound design is top notch. Teamwork is mandatory as everything is based around squad leaders who are necessary to spawn their soldiers, build defenses, and coordinate assaults. To my delight, people actually follow orders and stick with their squads (most of the time).When you play for the first time, join a squad (enter key), follow, and listen to them. You'll have a good time.Buyer beware, the game is early access in early ALPHA. Vehicles, weapon loadout customization, etc have yet to be implemented at the time of review."
,Recommended,393380,20982518,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Rhine,"Squad is an absolutely exhilarating tactical shooter that cannot be matched during its best moments. When a team coordinates correctly it is extremely fun, but when there is very little teamwork the game can be brutally bad. The maps are large enough to give plently of room to maneuver but not too big as to make the game a complete walking simulator. Expect having to walk a couple of minutes when heading towards an objective. The game has plenty of potential with a huge list of upcoming features including many types of vehicles and weapon customization just to name a few things. At $40 it is a bit pricey at the moment but it is well worth the money if you enjoy games like Arma and want something that is more action packed and easier to pick up and play."
,Recommended,393380,19915267,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Nix,Loving this game so far.
12345678909765421,Recommended,393380,19942314,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,ESC85_Dead Signal,"At the bottom of this review contains a message to the developers regarding gameplay mechanics.----Squad is one of the next big military simulator based shooter games that's working through its Alpha stages. It's current build is still in test phases, yet already offers intense gameplay with an incredible amount of potential, especially since this game as a somewhat direct response to the limitations to project reality, a milsim modification.Such a feat for a great game also lies within the community that plays it. For the most part, everyone seems to be fully immersed into the environment, a handful of maps with only a few specific locations for objectives, yet has miles and miles of details, distant houses and rolling hills, settlements and farms. This tells you immediately the ambitions of the developers and how much they want to expand this game into having enormous amounts of content in the future. The players, are able to tactfully (or not) navigate around these expansive terrains and establish forward operating bases so that other players may spawn in that location, or a rally point so your squad specifically can have a limited time to assist your squad leader.All of these features are a direct result of player communication and teamwork. A good squad will always keep their head in the game and keep each other updated, and learn the game more. With a realistic environment and sense of danger, you are able to put yourself in a position where you play into the game’s world, making it all the more an energetic rush of adrenalin and fear.Please don’t become Interstellar Marines, you have the potential to make this into such a great product that you guys will be sitting on mountains of cash, you probably feel that way already. The only downfall is that you guys have to stop those idiots using smoke grenade exploits and that “lost connection to host” anomaly that kicks you out of your game every so often, bordering on “occasional”.Another qualm that I am sure will be figured out soon is a way to keep people working as a team and stop with the MLG pro counterstrike tier combat. Finally, a favorites system would be so helpful for singling out the best servers for players so they don’t have to go through server listings on the other side of the planet where ping is just nonexistent.A serious rating from me personally? 8/10.One point for connection problems and a few glitches, other point due to a small fraction of the community bending the direction of the approach this game is meant to have, either by not being a team player, or trolling, exploits, making fun of people that are immersed and taking it “seriously”.Message to developers:I've noticed something that you should consider looking into. For me, aiming isn't necessarily a problem, but when I am firing at a target at two hundred meters, moving the scope a single centimeter doesn't really have a smooth transition, it has this minor, blocky flick to the next pixel and that makes it extremely hard to get it lined up with my target. I understand that it should be difficult to aim, but this minor thing really throws me off when I am taking down targets.It's quite unsettling to know that people have somehow mastered being able to one shot you with iron sights at that distance. Maybe I just suck, but in games like Red Orchestra 2, ARMA, etc my precision is much better, rather than having your view subtly bump with every movement, a smoother one take place for aiming. It would make a huge difference for many that really do try to legitimately line up shots rather than relying on unfounded casual shooter skills."
,Recommended,393380,20949390,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Klaus Vollmer,"Has a long way to go, but is totally worth the money and is really enjoyable so far. Having played Project Reality since 2008, I am really looking forward to how this game turns out upon its completion."
,Recommended,393380,20413519,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,JAYJAY,"you think you know FIRST PERSON SHOOTERS? think again.you think you KNOW team work? think again.you think you KNOW that is a RALLY POINT? think again, its just a log"
,Recommended,393380,26495299,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Anubisvalor \SpecOE/,"A very fun game that just keeps getting betterEDIT ignore the negitive reviews from over the free weekend, these people who are complaining on getting killed etc in my many hours yesterday atlone i saw so many people not joining squads or asking the older players for help, thinking you can play this game like COD or BF series which you cannot teamwork is essential"
,Recommended,393380,28440287,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Nicholas Wilde,i like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in my own mouth
76561198070972820,Recommended,393380,26570647,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Cub,"Squad is titled and labeled as as Tactical, FPS, Realistic, Military Game. You might be asking yourself if it is honestly what it says it is... Yes, Squad Does live up to this Expectations if you're looking for a FIRST PERSON SHOOTER that will give you a Tactical and Realistic Enviroment.  After reading some of the reviews I find it disgusting that people COMPARE this game to Arma 3 or the Arma Series. Arma is a Military Simulator Sandbox which I can see why some people compare both games because well... its MILITARY. Comparing Squad to Arma is like comparing an Apple to a Peach. Yes they're both fruits but they taste completely different. Squad has set games modes and matches/rounds on servers. Arma 3 is a Military Sandbox and it can be modified to how a person would like it to be. Of Course Arma will offer more options such as Helicopters, Jets Mods etc. You won't be able to play Roleplay Servers on Squad like Arma or Make your own mission files on squad. Squad is not a Sandbox just a PvP Game that enforces a slower play by encouraging players to treat it tacticatly and to some extent ""Realisticly"".  That is all.. Arma and Squad are both good but please don't say one is better than the other unless you really are that bias. :)"
,Recommended,393380,26571473,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,BadWolfOne,"Calling out positions, the constant bickering of your squad-mates in local chat, your SL giving out the orders, the sound of firefights, the horror of the sound of an incoming BTR, it is so masterfully done in this game. I have found myself friends to play with in the future.Hats off to the developers for offering the players such a unique experience."
,Recommended,393380,26754803,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,YamA,"Version 8 turned this from an Alpha, to a fully functional title. Still some bugs though. 10/10"
,Recommended,393380,28444698,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,]CIA[ Sgt.Freddy⚡,"Well i bought this game a couple of weeks ago now..because of being busy with real military stuff i've only had about 30-45 hours ingame i know it says 12 hours, but something reset it earlier this week.But i think it's about time to drop my review here.to start out i was a Project Reality player all the way back to version 0.4, when it still was mostly a modded BF2.I've always had a interest in military games and in the military generally, that's why i chose to serve my military duty in 2014 and now i am a real life professional soldier.i think some of that is thanks to games like Project Reality.Nevermind.. to the game review.. :Dbefore buying this beauty of a game, i was looking through this site to see the reviews, and stumbled apon a couple of bad reviews by people saying that the game didn't live up to their expectations.that made my kinda doubt buying the game.I can honestly now say that you shouldn't listen to the bad reviews, this game is awesome...I've played alot of alphas here on steam, and i can say that this game shouldn't be a Alpha, it's to well developed, i have found very few bugs, not anything that disturbs the gameplay at all..The game it self is super exiting, and in my optic it's the big brother that project reality had been waiting for.i might be a real life soldier, i'm not a real life veteran, i've never seen real combat in my life, but have practised it alot with blanks.And this game is almost spot on what i've learned, the firefights are so awesome and as realistic as i can think about.Of cause it's not like patrolling in ""Green Zone"" but i can totally say that it's close to what i've learned.The combat ranges are closer than real life, but other than that it's very close.If you're doubting to buy this game, and may have read a couple of the negative reviews, then read this and have my word that you wont get dissapointed.Nihil Nobis latet - Nothing remains unseen!My real life unit motto"
,Recommended,393380,26608962,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,spartank,It's like Project Reality and Arma's love child
,Recommended,393380,30994073,Posted: 7 April,all,phO,An EA game that actually worth its full price. LOL
,Recommended,393380,30930149,Posted: 3 April,all,Anselm,"Squad has ruined nearly every other FPS for me. Squad requires immense teamwork in order to actually win, and everyone in your squad must be doing their part, regardless of role. The gunplay feels so much more realistic than other shooters, and I can actually feel the impact of recoil each time I pull the trigger. The explosions are amazing and authentic, and even just walking through the tight corners of an insurgent village keeps my heart pounding and adrenaline flowing. The bugs I have experienced are extremely minimal, and the devs are active and responsive in the community. The player base is generally understanding of new players and happy to help people that want to learn. If you want a serious, tactical, realistic shooter, definitely get squad."
,Recommended,393380,30973047,Posted: 5 April,all,Daniel Charles,"A semi-realistic and teamwork-oriented game that's more accessible and smooth than ARMA and less casual, more slow-paced than Battlefield.  The community actually uses their microphones and are generally good, non-toxic thanks to servers with good admins.  Worth the full price, a no-brainer when it goes on sale."
,Recommended,393380,30989518,Posted: 6 April,all,thejewelthief,"This game is very similar to arma III. It is very fun to play but can take quite a bit of time to play a full round. They can last up to 80 min from my experience. The game is also quite expensive. In the future it might be worth 40 dollars but in its current state, it is better off around 30. But overall the game is very fun and interactive, withmany things to do, even in the singleplayer firing range when you get to know the game."
76561198376552658,Recommended,393380,31029030,Posted: 8 April,all,dj money 2nd,"Best military game 2017, 10/10 would sit on roof for 1 hour shooting at nothing and end up getting 20 kills at the end of the match from shooting at nothing agian."
76561198095790763,Recommended,393380,28607448,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,SPIDER-MAN2099,"This game is everything that ARMA3 promised to be but wasn't.The game is instantly accessible.  You don't need to join a clan to play.  The comunity is very friendly.  There are several very large, very well designed levels.  The gameplay is structured, realistic, fun, and works as a balance between a simulation and arcade.  The graphics are impressive, even at this early access stage, dec 2016.  -This game is a focus on infantry wide map combat and tactics, without over the top usage of explosions, heavy weapons and air-support that you find common in games these days.  The game has a unique in game voice chat communication system that is central to the gameplay."
76561198043805799,Recommended,393380,28099248,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,✪ OG Banshee,"If you're into realism and army games, Squad is the game for you."
76561198041244996,Recommended,393380,24806322,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Delta1525,The dev´s are doing a great job. The game is worth it.
,Recommended,393380,26533507,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Uncle Dave,I was shot and subsequently cried loudly until a medic came and started to heal me.He got shot and started crying for a medic.9/10 pretty realistic.
,Recommended,393380,23920658,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,/3,"- Joins the U.S. ""Everyone speaking russian""- Joins Russia. ""Everybody speaking french""- Attempts to join only U.S. Server ""Server is full""- Learns to speak russian- Realizes its just a controllable Arma 310/10 would learn russian again"
76561198040021563,Recommended,393380,26542972,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Captain Sokka,Played as Russian Squad leader named Comrade PutinFound radio stationTook it for mother RussiaForced tiny Russian men to build great fortressFought filthly capitalists for 30 minutesEveryone is yelling in russian accents11/10 would Putin my life again.
76561198046889591,Recommended,393380,23878769,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,SiDingo,"I'll keep it short and simple. If you enjoy realistic FPS games, communication, teamwork, and you aren't discouraged by slower paced gameplay, Squad might be for you. At the time of this review the game is still in alpha, but the devs are honestly the most transparent and open minded devs I've ever seen, and major updates are released every couple of months. The community is great as well. From communities who focus on competition, communities who create custom game modes, to modders, there is a spot for anyone. If that sounds like something you'd enjoy, go for it!"
,Recommended,393380,25165696,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Electric Avenue,"A very fun team based shooter.Staregy and planning is rewarded, kills are satisfying and it has one of the best communities I have seen yet. I would highly recommend if you can deal with some of the issues that are present in the alphaUpdate: They have just released a optomization update, I am now getting pretty great preformance with a gtx 1060, this seems to be a hit and miss situation for amd users"
,Recommended,393380,20865957,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Orange,"Squad. So first let's start with the gameplay.At first while it may seem slow to the first time player, as YOU get better at the game so does the game itself. The maps in this game are large, which means that alot of ""W"" holding. This would be seen as a negative to most people but to me, it goes down as a positive. Vehicles are being added, in the near future, and will improve this aspect of the game greatly. Squad is also filled with realistic features such as bullet drop and prides itself in making an immersive experience. With these realistic features comes an Arma esc comms system allowing you to talk locally, to you squad, and to other squad leaders.The community in this game is stellar.I myself after a good day or two of gameplay joined up with a clan. That alone made the gaming experience 10x better. It allowed me to play with people who i've gotten to now and make some good relationships among the community. And might I just that competitive play beats a public match anyday. For new players comming in it is important that you try to get with a group of friends or do what I did and get connected to a clan/group. It'll make the game alot more enjoyable.Nobody likes a ""Rambo""I can't tell you how many times I've seen a kid, who's probably at most 12, trying to go solo like he's playing ♥♥♥♥ing COD. If you are someone who doesn't like to work with others or as a group then this is definitely not the game for you. This leads into my next statement, which is that communication is key. Instead of telling you why I'm going to give you a example, and this has actually happened.So the game just started, the squads are moving and everyone is pumped to play. However, one squad doesn't realize that they were supposed to capture a point. Because of this the team cannot progress and as a result you lose the match. The lack of even a single necessary transmission could result in a loss. Personally I love this about the game, a game that makes you respond to something that you could never do perfectly is incredible in my opinion.Pro's-Realistic(but not too Arma)-Great community-♥♥♥♥ing fun as hell to play-Hilarious ""Tree Medics""Con's-Lack of features(many more are coming soon, but at the time of this review the game is purely infantry based)-12 year olds who think they're Rambo-♥♥♥♥ing bulletproof-treesEDIT: Another note about the community. Because of it's awesomness, their is even a ""Squad League"" that hosts and records friendly matches between seperate clans. These matches are ery fun to watch and will give you a good idea of what Squad is at its best."
76561198065010139,Recommended,393380,26374444,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,BoldRover,"Fast paced pure PvP tactical shooter, with strong emphasis on teamwork.  Working as a team comes naturally with this game, ingame voicecomms (squad-leader channel, squad channel, proximity channel) being integrated in a very user friendly way.  Most servers require at least the Squad Leaders to have a working microphone, which is a good thing in my opinion.Most of the community is very friendly and welcoming to new players.  I have yet to encounter cheaters or teamkillers although I have seen reports about them.  Accidental team killings will happen but people just apologize and play on.Has ground vehicles but the brunt of the gaming is done as infantry.Since Patch V8 my FPS never drop below 65 (Core I5-4690, GTX970, 16Gb) on max populated servers (72 players) and epic settings.EDIT: on the big maps it can drop to about 40-45.  Still very playable.I wonder when we're going to start seeing 100-man servers as promised."
,Recommended,393380,26557404,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Iteryn,Great game with a lot of depth in mechanics and gameplay.I haven't played the game since release to be honest and I've only started again this weekend but the improvements are incredibly visible and with all the new vehicles it makes it even better.I hope people don't presume it to be like CoD or Battlefield but more of an Arma-lite.
,Recommended,393380,33125822,Posted: 2 July,all,Seven,Almost gave me PTSD10/10
,Recommended,393380,19912386,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,scrubmcnoob,Gun play is trill.Grenades are trill.Developers are trill.5/5 Bretty Good
,Recommended,393380,20407197,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,ZerolessmusicDTD,"The one game that has given me Nam' level PTSD.This is one of those FPS simulator type games. But as another review has mentioned unlike ARMA you don't have to pretend to have fun, you actually do. Keep in mind I am agreeing with that even though I love ARMA, it as well is a great game. This game just floats my boat more (is that even a thing?) Combat and suppressive fire feels like it's doing more... I don't know why, maybe because of the lack (which is a positive in my mind) third person.Like the name implies this game has fantastic ""Squad"" based gameplay. Every server I have joined has had wonderful people who actually communicate and such. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a great team based challenging war sim.Do beware that there are quite a few non game breaking bugs, but they do get a tinsey bit annoying every once in awhile."
76561198125831897,Recommended,393380,19754033,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Vaffla,"Great if you can find a good team to play with. If you don't have a microphone, it may be worth investing in one to play the game as it was intended."
76561198031004509,Recommended,393380,21089809,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Preszent,Great game can't wait to see more!
,Recommended,393380,19980960,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Papa_bear6,"Probably the most immersive Multiplayer FPS game i've ever played even in its early access stages. The community is what makes this experience and if you like Battlefield,Insurgency,Arma or just the Project Reality Mod for BF2 you will like this as it take a little from every game and make it into an awsome team oriented FPS, there are some bugs and a bit unoptimized on some maps but its not game breaking. I dont know much about the devs but all that i can say they are dedicated to this game!! they even got us a hotfix on Christmas eve that fixed alot of bugs and if thats not dedication, i dont know what is..."
,Recommended,393380,20447890,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Mashhead,- Loaded in.-Server Crashed.-Loaded in.-Got killed.-Server Crashed.-Loaded in.-Got killed.-Server Crashed.Loaded in.-Got killed.-Server Crashed.Loaded in.-Got killed.-Server Crashed.-Loaded in-Killed someone-Server didn't crash-Got lots of killsWould recommend even with server crashes.
,Recommended,393380,19830657,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Oganja,"A great community and great devs, every squad I have been in has communicated and played seriously. It is a nice balance of realism, map size and teamwork!However, it is currently suffering heavy performance issues on AMD. If you are looking for a buttery smooth experience I'd hold out at least a few weeks until the optimisation patches roll out!"
,Recommended,393380,19859762,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,BigJimmyHD,"Although I am having some difficulties connecting to the game, I have felt extremely immersed in the action & gameplay. To anyone who likes FPS and working with others as a team, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,393380,26567964,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,[BVB] AlienViking_ZA,Best tactical FPS on the market. Best squad experience in any game.10/10A must buy for any FPS gamer.
,Recommended,393380,27628145,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,The Godfather,"PR 2, but better."
,Recommended,393380,28384285,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,DaNieL,One of the best games i played
,Recommended,393380,26538866,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,black bbw angel,Great game. Scratches the tactical team based FPS itch I've had for a while.
,Recommended,393380,26534998,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,[OMBD]HatarFiskar,"400+ hrs played, so far the best game i have ever played <3"
,Recommended,393380,26607395,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Giggles,"I feel like free weekend destroyed reviews for this game.. I can see why, kind of, I at first absolutely hated this game (for the first two or three hours) I couldnt find my bearing, everyone I was playing with was very new and had no clue what to do and it really did kill the fun, I was very dissapointed as I've been following this game and waiting for the money to buy it for MONTHS, after a while I almost completely lost all faith and gave up, until I switched servers, found a competent and experienced squad lead who had his squad name set to ""New players welcome"" and I was given orders, all of my questions were answered as soon as I needed them, and the game finally became a tactical realistic warfare milsim, that turned up to be ALL of what i was hoping for and wanting of the game, I went ahead and bought it while it was half off and its definitely going to be my go to when im not busy for a long time. As long as you can find a smart, tactical squad, who knows what they are doing, it will be a fun game and thats why you see so many bad reviews recently, it went free to play for a weekend, a bunch of noobs and little kids got into the game, and ruined all the fun that is to be had of it   TL;DR, these negative reviews are from 10 year olds, the game is great. 10/10"
76561198008415930,Recommended,393380,23746542,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Immelman M.D.,I get to run around as a medic yelling at people for getting shot. Great game.
,Recommended,393380,24997787,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,homfri,"Its ok.It's still ok. Might give it a few more tries before i really get an opinionEdit: still not %100 sold on it, after a few more matches i might get a solid opinion"
76561197989609619,Recommended,393380,24553056,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Watchtowerr,I'm loving the game though the price for an early access game is a bit higher than one would expect. There are definitely things to be worked on with my biggest concern being performance. Once a new player loads into the game their biggest complaint is their constant FPS being between 30-46 depending upon the map they're playing on. I do go over a bit of the interfact with some of my other concerns and thoughts here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FuX_KPdf4h0.
76561198056028889,Recommended,393380,28350805,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Azor Ahype,"If you dont have more than 10 hours played on this game, you shouldnt leave a review because you clearly havent played the game enough to leave a fair review"
76561198105040736,Not Recommended,393380,19743756,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,INNOCENT! :D,"DO YOURSELF A FAVOUR AND BUY ARMA 3Since buying this game i cannot recommend it still the game feels rushed lacking the most basic standards like ping limit or a server filter, the gameplay is excellent but the effort it takes to find and get in a full server with a playable ping is a joke , there are squad server browsers on the web but still no ping but gives an idea of the location the server is based what helps a little but if it is'nt private then you are food for hackers until its fixed / updated currently 7 actual servers populated 3 full the others not past half way.This game is in all actuality another stand alone game mod whats less popular than the mod and cost 5 times more, this game is basically a cut down arma 3 , with how slow updates are going devs arent using the money towards the game i'm sureless than 600 online"
,Recommended,393380,20103009,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Rusty,"Game is amazing even tho its only in Alpha, The game gets 10 times better when you play with your friends and actually stay with your squad and play as a team. Best team game i have played lots of action when you want it, game as much potential."
,Recommended,393380,19743696,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,ProwleR™☭,"Though it may have some optimization kinks. It's a great Early Access game to start with, and a great military game overall. Classes seem balanced and each one is ACTUALLY IMPORTANT. Genadier, needed in a squad. Medic, very much needed. Support, very very usefull, squad leader who actually does stuff and makes choices, yes, a must. And recon classes like acog scopes or use of binoculars. YES. If you get a good squad, this game can be played for hours on end. And vehicles haven't even been added yet.For me, what got me hooked was that it wasn't a good idea to just run in the open for once. Use cover, stay low, move as a squad (but keep spread out), check your corners, actually use your map and compass, and my favorite feature of course, squad leaders talking between eachother to plan how their team will work. A good game, and though I'd prefer the price of $30 over $40, it was a good purchase and I don't regret it.EDIT: Still don't regret the puchase, got more than enough hours from the game to justify $40 of entertainment costs doing anything else. I did notice that my play style has changed a lot since I started playing, and that FoBs are not meant to be castles built up high in the middle of no where. To me they are now simple strategic spawn points. Support role is now useless in my mind because my guys don't use suppessing fire, we two tap and confirm. Yet the game is still a great game, with more features to come and a solid community."
,Recommended,393380,19757858,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,ry4n,Fantastic atmosphere and teamwork the majority of time. Still needs to be optimized but I haven't had that much fun since BF2 days.9hours in and the community seems mature and helpful.
,Recommended,393380,19763292,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,gnomo the king,"This game is really good for those who are tired of arcade games that pretend to be fps (like Battlefield and CoD). Even in its Early Development, the gameplay is pretty decent and the company is working hard to make new features, like vehicles. But there are still some things to fix.If you are a Battlefield or CoD player, don't buy it, unless you are willing to spend some time learning the mechanics of a real fight. The combat in Squad is intense and difficult. The weapon ballistics are the closest to reality I've ever seen in a game.Also, the players have a unique style of fighting in groups, thing I've rarely seen in other games.10/10 :)"
,Recommended,393380,28506306,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Comrade Slav,"Squad is a great game, that has a lot of potential. It has a great comunity, that is willing to help out new players and works as a team most of the time. This game has come very far scince when i got it in the summer sale 2016. It used to have very bad performance issues. It used to run at About 40fps with my gtx980m graphics card with big frame drops everytime i turned arround. The devs are pumping out updates every two months or so with little content updates like a new vehicle or map every month. When i First got this game i didnt like it at the start. I used to allways get shot from places where i didnt see them. I allways used to miss where enemies are. It was pretty damn frustrating but as time went by i got used to it. I can easily spot People and im a decent squad leader.Pros :The game delivers an amazing experience. It is so thrilling that itll keep you at the edge of your chair.It has a realistic weapon dynamic and is overall well balanced without taking away realism aspects.The comunity is great.Maps are beutiful and it looks very realistic.Has a great squad load out system.It delivers a different experience every game.Cons :Maps dont have destructable environment, so it is posible for a small pole to stop an apc.It takes a good computer to run.It is hard to get into as a new player. Usually takes about a month or more to fully understand.Small arms have no penetration capibileties.(not for long)When zoomed in with vehicle optics the crosshair can cover entire enemies at 600+metres.Note, that the game is still in alpha stage and things will allways be subjected to change.It is overall a great game. 9/10 would recomend."
,Recommended,393380,22028562,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,embecmom,"Great walking to your death simulator...I bought this back on sale in March when it was very young alpha and as suggested a walking to your death sim as thats all you really did.. walk great distances and die. I now have over 600 hours on the game so would say im more of a veteran player now although its now a driving to your death sim.I love the game and really enjoy the teamwork aspect, when in a firefight its frantic, bullets flying, rockets hitting and cries of medic/directions/contact or just laughing because your nade bounced off a wall and landed back at your feet... there is a lot more to come from this game and hopefully some decent mods to add new factions / weapons and vehicles plus some more urban style maps ... free weekend, we are a friendly bunch jump in 20r server and drive to your death...."
,Recommended,393380,33530015,Posted: 13 July,all,Private Ryan,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　 ）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
76561198030160096,Not Recommended,393380,20838252,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Protocole74,This game is fun but is having great issue with the server browser!I only get a little small tiny list of populated server... about 8 and most with very high ping.Its just impossible for me to join my friends server. The comunity is  very friendly but even aftertrying to solve this for hours...   nothing is working at all!Im waiting for a fix for 35 days now.The only support i get is from the game forum... and only from the comunity!!!No way to open ticket... i send mail to them and got no answer from any one!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I play lots of alpha game and never have such hard time playing a game.I ask steam for refund... cant get refund because i try to much hours to play!If your like me and dont like not being able to play at all a game you pay 47$ for...I HIGHLY RECOMMAND not buying this game now and wait for beta or final release!It is my first alpha game i cant play at all!
,Recommended,393380,19727833,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,FrontRUSSIAN,For every PB player this game is a must buy !!! At the moment this game has some optimisation flaws but they arent that big and you can easily reach 60fps. I would say that 36€ is good price for this game and devs deserve it.
76561197991033396,Not Recommended,393380,24186924,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,"Griffith, the Spooky Skeleton","This is an alright game. Still needs some optimization. I really wish I could select a ""meh"" option, even if that makes me sound like a reddit♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ as that would fit well. It has good things. The gunplay for one is really good, certainly an improvement over PR. But it really has bad things as well. Lack of content is a big problem but it is in alpha so thats okay but what I have a probelm with is the price. I got thing game on sale for like 10$, Thats what I would pay for this game. Certainly not 30$. When this game has vehicles and huge maps and 100 player games. Then it might be worth 30$. Untill then just play PR, it does what this game does much better, Execpt the gunplay, which like I said, Its leagues better in this game. The overall controls are better in this game, It doesnt feel wonky like PR does but that also makes this game much more action based.Overall I guess I wouldnt recommend this game, not for now. Later sure when it has content rivaling PR.7/10For contrast I give PR a 9/10.EDIT: I just realized I totally forgot the♥♥♥♥♥♥optimization this game has, again I guess since its in Alpha its kinda ok but not only is the optimization really bad people also get really pissy when you bring it up. So yeah♥♥♥♥♥♥poor optimization but its aplha so yeah but still an issue to be brought up."
,Recommended,393380,23757728,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Vic,"Would recommend squad any day.What I like most about the game is that one person or squad can impact things heavily. This isn't your average run and gun fps, you will need to think carefully about where to go, which rout to take. Depending on what you have set out to do you will decide whether to open fire on the enemy or not and so on.The game is based around squads (a group of up to 9 people) different kits will be available depending on how filled up the squad is, your squad leader will be the one giving orders and even macromanaging should they wish to, the leader can place strategic markers on the map and deploy spawn points for your squad and your whole team.Communication is essential, you will constantly be telling your squadies, directions and amount of enemies present and so on. If you get the game with a friend you will have a blast, if not just join any squad.Another great thing about squad is the community, everyone is pretty serious about playing the game right and 9/10 a squad that you join will be playing objectively and all have mics and good communication skills.Now here is a way 2 people can make a big impact - big battle waging over the middle objective, several squads are fighting/defending/flanking and so on, both teams will have well places Rallies (squad spawn points) and FOBs (Forward operating base - team spawn point). Me and my friend sneak behind enemy lines, staying low and not firing a shot, find their FOB and get rid of it. Enemy team must now spawn at a further FOB or if none available their man base which means by the time reinforcements get there it will be too late.Theoritically me and my friend can have a score of 0 and 0 kills, but this isnt a game about who got the highest killstreak and so on, its about the synergy between all the different things each squad is working to accomplish to win the round.There are also constructables in the game that can be a lot of fun when fortifying positions or trying to get some cover on a random Afghani hilltop.Did you mention that you will♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself when a machine gun opens fire on you? Not a single bullet has hit you yet but you will get a dose of andreline big enough to revive a dead rhino while you try to work out where the bullets are coming from, how far away he is and at the same time getting yourself to a position of safety.I believe its worth mentioning that the company who makes this game are in constant talks with the community and release regular updates and are always working on new things and updating people on progress and so on.There are plenty of different maps to play on and variations of each map present as well.In squad you will always adapt and do new things depending on how each game is playing out, what your orders are, what went right and wrong and which kit you are using.If anyone does get squad and you want someone to show you the ropes, explain how stuff works and be my human shield, feel free to add and message me.If you read throught all of this, thank you ;)Vic"
76561197961155896,Recommended,393380,20448958,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Abra,"Next-Gen Project Reality, check please."
76561198121732598,Recommended,393380,19757219,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Ninjamero,This game has potential.
76561198006553846,Recommended,393380,19711618,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Mr. Freud,Time to move on from Project RealityIt's the evolution10/10
,Not Recommended,393380,24932827,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Certified Swagster,"Looked into buying a fun game to play along with my friends, I ended up looking into squad, with videos on youtube and various other twitch streams, I was sold. I though I had found a fun game to play with my friends, when I booted it up, I went to the firing range, in which everything went well, and it was alot of fun, and then I joined two of my friends to play this game, only to find out, even with a PC that easily smashes the reccomended specs, I had 2-10 fps on lowest settings, not to mention when instense fire-fights began, why? because I had an AMD CPU. every other negative review I saw was complaining about the AMD optimization. It is down-right unplayable if you have AMD parts in your PC. DO NOT BUY IF YOU HAVE AN AMD COMPONENT IN YOUR PC"
76561197960822369,Not Recommended,393380,25332950,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,BENZO,"AMD Users STAY FAR AWAY FROM THIS GAME!!  I have an AMD FX 6100 6 core and there is ZERO evidence that they are coming out with a fix for AMD users.  In fact I purchsed this weeks ago and I am getting 15 fps just running to the action and then about 5 fps during the action which makes it utterly unplayable.  I have mentioned this in the forums multiple times and all we get is empty promises. I really wish I had read the reviews.  The game looks great, but EVERY ONE of those videos you see on YouTube is playing on Intel.  They do not care about AMD users obviously otherwise they would have made a fix for this months ago!  STAY AWAY AMD"
76561197961966022,Not Recommended,393380,20223223,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Ninjor,The only thing I liked about this game was the fact that there where no little kids and 80% of the people in squad communicated and worked well together. Other than that Battlefield and arma 3 are better is every way. Iron sight only weapons.
,Not Recommended,393380,24951997,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Trenbolone Sandwich,"At this point I cannot recommend this game. I recommend waiting till it runs smooth for everyone. As you can already see, it is in early access, which means devs are heavily working on it (which is also heavily needed in this case). The game is very, very promising and I enjoyed it very much at the times in ran smooth, because it actually did for some periods.At this point they just added some vehicles, which is a great upgrade and must be very enjoyable in the future. But after every big update, the game goes to ''unplayable'' for the majority of the players who don't have xeon's and Titans. I have a decent PC with a great CPU and a old GPU but very able to run BF4 without problems. BF4 is muchhhhhhhhh nicer graphical, comparing to this game, it looks like real war. You must be thinking right now: then why don't you get yo *** to BF4 you savage. Well, this game is like I said: very promising and when it works you will play it, trust me.The day you can play this game smooth on 50+ fps with a decent PC is going to be a memorable day in the history of FPS shooters. Till then, stay away because you wan't to play it so bad, but you simple can't. The current state is: Not playable till the next fix update, then they will ruin it again with a huge patch with new stuff, then you've to wait till the next fix update.I'll rewrite this review as soon as all the major flaws are gone. Don't worry dev's, I support you, but asking $40 is at this time is way too much."
76561198012343689,Not Recommended,393380,21221984,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,janat08,"Poor combo of realism and arcade. You'd wana consider things such as bipods somethings that goes with Alpha (you effectually end up dancing around squads of snipers), before things like structural fortifications that are almost unfavourable skewed to insurgents despite them having like 3 structures and once again are defeated in absence of the said bipods. I'd say the mouse resolution quite simlpy is something that can't really support sharshooting mode with rather limited zoom unlike that of Arma, while automatic fire is very out of place at rather close ranges as well."
76561198079745711,Not Recommended,393380,30491449,Posted: 13 March,all,Bloody Ditzy,"Squad is actually a really fun game. I bought it a little while ago and just now started playing it again, but this is a hard game to get into because of the community. When you first start the game you'll be a blithering idiot and throught the course of several games with a good squad you'll be a competent and functional member of the team and be able to carry your share of the weight no problem. The only issue with this technique to Git Gud is that you'll get matched up with a squad where everyone knows what they're doing with a ""holier than thou"" attitude about new players to the game. Instead of helping new players to be successful, they will berate them, call them incompetant, kick them from their squad, and then TK you just for good measure.5/10 just because people are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and it makes the game feel really exclusive"
,Not Recommended,393380,33839687,Posted: 27 July,all,☨ St. Stephen ☨,"It depends what you're looking for. It has a lot of potential, but if you are a casual game, this is not a game you can jump into and start having fun right away.Servers are very hit and miss, as are squads. Sometimes you get a good squad leader, often you don't. Sometimes you get medics who are responsive, sometimes you don't.There are too many variables for me in this game to make it unenjoyable as a casual player. With a clan and a solid group of friends the game would probably be great.Also, it may just be me, but I find myself constantly shot at from god knows where. even with my FOV on minimum I struggle to see players. Maybe my monitor sucks.Anyway. There's a lot of good stuff in this game. I just lean more towards fun then realism. I want to spend most of my time playing, fighting and having fun. Not guarding a desolate area on a map for 20 minutes building sandbags and mg emplacements or running a logistics truck two and from main base.I think I am probably being unfair, but you just have to be into this sort of thing. I play now and then to see if I can get into it, and I just can't."
,Recommended,393380,26561590,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,eXN,"Amazing game:1) Everyone works together2) People really play as a TEAM3) Runs smoothly, good FPS and it's very pretty4) Realistic approach!5) It's like Arma 3, but without the constant setup and time-wasting, right into the action from the startOf course it need some polishing here and there but it already is amazing and is well worth the money!"
76561197971090960,Recommended,393380,19726048,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Archer88,"If you're looking for that perfect military sim shooter blend between Arma and Battlefield, you'll want Squad. This game is super fun, realistic, the sounds and visuals are amazing, and the experience of fps tactical shooters is like none other.10/10 PTSD simulator 2015"
76561197971245871,Recommended,393380,23968860,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Brakernac,"so I got this on steam sale, like oh so many people. First impressions are that its really hard to spot enemys. If you have a squad leader knowing whats going on the game is fun if your new. If you like team games where everybody is suppose to work together as a team not an individual, then this game is for you. In my opinion it is a badass game for alpha. a few bugs here and there. maps are big. id hit it again. ;)"
,Recommended,393380,26872218,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[RedCoats] _WeLsHy_,"Worth every penny! If your looking for teamwork, crazy firefights, being scared,confused!?!? This is the game for you."
,Recommended,393380,31554480,Posted: 5 May,all,Steiner,The best game I have bought in years! The kick you get out of leading a squad and succesful cooperation between squads is unsurpassed. With a good amount of realism/fun. A must-have game!
76561198101216124,Recommended,393380,31948946,Posted: 25 May,all,imafatguy,"Me and my squad running through a small village to secure a point when we run into insurgent forces hiding in a field. They engage us first, First guy to go down our only medic we are in an intense 5 minute firefight at this point most of us are low on ammo when we hear a .50 cal going off in the distance i look up to see a techi hauling♥♥♥♥♥towards us the gunner is just blasting we kill the gunner and driver of the techi only to be cut down by infantry. Me and 2 others (all thats left of my squad) Retreat to a near buy compound (The actual point of village) We are constantly being hammered buy infantry and techis we drop a FOB then a HAB once we where resupplyed buy the logi. Holding on to this point buy our finger nails 9 men  including me have a well dug in postion in this compound. The insurgents have to fight for every yard through the fields When i hear one of my guysyell incoming i look up to see a barrage of rockets we all immdeatly duck into buildings or behind sandbags to avoid being blown to bits. The rockets hit right on target im asking other squads for assistance there telling me to hold out when i hear a loud noise BOOM i then realise not only rockets but mortors are being fired at us. To end the story everyone is either on there last mag or have no ammo at all. we are overan in a matter of seconds. Im ♥♥♥♥♥ed at by all the squad leaders cause we lost the point. 10/10 My PTSD has been activatedTLDR VersionIf you like arma get this gameIf you want PTSD get this gameIf you want to wake your family/Negibors/roomates up get this gameIf you want to shoot aks on full auto while screaming all hu ackbar get it10/10 Buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥my dude"
,Recommended,393380,31019300,Posted: 8 April,all,Dalelicous,"I really enjoy the game.  The sounds are great and when the action starts it can be really intense.  Probably about the closest you can get to a real war.  However, the fun of this game is really dependent on how much your team is cooperating.  If you have bad squad leaders or a bad team the game can really suck, but that's no fault of the game which is designed to force team play.  Also, don't base your entire opinion of the game off the free weekend, since again the game is so depedent on team play.  I see a lot of negative reviews about things that are missing that are actually in the game.  Like having spawns closer to the objective and having such long respawn times.  If your squad leader would place rallys and fobs you wouldn't need to walk far at all, and if you had medics that'd actually revive you you wouldn't need to wait so long to respawn.  Most of these things are by design to force team play, if you want a solo go it alone multiplayer game this game isn't for you. But if you like open world, large maps, and team play then give it a try."
76561198031276675,Recommended,393380,31179757,Posted: 16 April,all,Scrimpy,"Game was poo without friends and a bad server, but after you get used to the game it become fun.10/10 best Syria2k17 MilSim"
,Recommended,393380,26764797,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TheRealestArab,Good game
76561197986264053,Recommended,393380,26559362,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,[RIP] Demonhun,"Spent 400hrs playing at the moment and am loving it, its the true successor to Project Reality."
76561198243826642,Recommended,393380,20675155,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Jeff,Probaly one of the best games I've played. Its still in alpha and is more fun than alot of fully released games. Can't wait for more content to be added.
,Recommended,393380,25380007,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,[RIP] Amras,Great game. People actually use mics and work together. Must have for tactical shooter fans.
76561198094654481,Recommended,393380,31420839,Posted: 28 April,all,Tae | Penguin,"Really fun game... If you find the right server ( I reccomend AR for NA players) then the game is super immersive between squad leaders that first communicate together on the command comms, then organize their squads on squad coms, and intra-squad member contact between local proximity coms.Most realistic gunfire sound effects I've ever heard, and pretty solid graphics for 35 v 35 fights in a 1km radius that run 60 fps generally.Def worth a try."
,Recommended,393380,19757028,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,DEVO,yes
,Recommended,393380,26558098,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Kabo,"I honestly think people shouldn't write reviews about this game if they only like fast paced games, since most of the bad reviews are coming from people who only dislike the game because it's not like CoD or BF.And yes there are no killcams, fast respawn, squad respawn and you MUST use voice chat to be effective, so you can't really listen to music while playing (i have read some bad reviews complaining about this) hovewer that is the beauty of this game,  it isn't supposed to be fast paced.So PLEASE don't buy or write bad reviews if you only like fast paced FPS games.In my opinion hovewer the game is brilliant, it catches the atmosphere of the afghan war really well, and you really feel like you are a part of an actually functioning squad."
76561198034900223,Recommended,393380,26553422,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Dinkie,"Game fills that small niche between hardcore realism shooters like ArmA and arcade shooters like CoD and Battlefield. Made by the devs of Project Reality it does almost everything better, except the content which will come I think with the great community interaction of the developers. If games like ArmA or Project Reality interest you this game is a must buy!"
76561197982844783,Recommended,393380,31181249,Posted: 16 April,all,Rзdεyз™,Gave me PTSD. Needed strong haze afterwards. 100% Worth
,Recommended,393380,28534592,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,thai iced tea,The perfect balance between realism and playability.
,Recommended,393380,21557827,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,RANDY MACHOOOO,"Love this game. It's early access but worth every penny.The devs include a bulk of the original Project Reality team and they seem to be growing in the right way. It's very obvious this team knows what they're doing.Ages ago, I played PR and no FPS game has since given me such an amazing experience. It looks like Squad will offer the same great gameplay and more -- it hits all the right marks so far for a realism-oriented, tactical FPS.I'm looking forward to more maps / kits / vehicles / etc. The dev team is giving progress updates every month, all of which so far have been very honest and informative. They're clearly very passionate about releasing high quality software, well rounded maps, well designed/animated components, etc.This is a game I see myself playing for a long, long time! Like Project Reality, I expect the community to be around for a while as well."
76561198012460810,Recommended,393380,21529739,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Drunken,"This is a fine example of Early Access done right!As it stands, the game is fun and engaging with just the right blend of realism and playabillity. It doesn't wander into ARMA need to memorize 700 key combos territory where you have a three button combo to wipe your goggles (I'm not ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tting, its in there) but it also stays well away from the dopey run-and-gun which most FPS has decayed into.Frankly, the best way I can describe it is that it kind of feels like you took the gameplay feel of old-school Tom Clancy (Think Rouge Spear era Rainbow Six) and scaled it up massively and dropped it into a surprisingly well crafted outdoor enviroment.The UE4 Engine shines here, and I can only imagine where this is going to go as more features are added down the line."
,Recommended,393380,21547123,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Scrimmy The $lick $loth [G*59[,I was on a german server in a squad lead by a russian. I had no idea what I'm doing but had lots of fun. The game isn't only rewarding for getting kills it's rewarding for teamwork and following the objective. I ended up getting 300 points with 0 kills and 11 deaths!
,Recommended,393380,21574558,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Dannyb016,"The game is just the start. The community and team play is what really makes this game. On top of the sound and realism of the combat (which is more forgiving than Arma but still as satisfying) it makes for one of the best multiplayer military fps experiences in the gaming industry to date. Communication is key, play with a mic, get to know your squad, listen to squad leaders commands and work as a team and there in is where the game shines. Callout enemies,  move as a unit, attack as one, conquer as a squad."
,Recommended,393380,21477749,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,PerMaBaked™,10/10
,Recommended,393380,21577365,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Thewhitewhale,This game will rock your ♥♥♥♥ING socks off! The occasioanl panic attack is totally worth it..
,Recommended,393380,26550119,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Constantine,">Be insurgent>Me and sandal wearing bearded friends defending>Losing compound>Run into compound screaming ""ALLAHU AKBAR"" shooting AKs in the air>Fortify area with sandbags and MGs, fight off waves of enemies>Get shot, wounded, medic helps me out>Compound getting overrun by enemies>Fall back to HQ>Then i went to my bombed out home and played Squad"
76561198184132266,Recommended,393380,31030627,Posted: 8 April,all,Sala Crew,Great game 11/10 IGN
,Recommended,393380,32182706,Posted: 4 June,all,VXUs,"Avant-propos:Squad est le descendant direct de Project Reality, un mod milsim de Battlefield 2. Bien qu'il soit en Early Access et ce depuis un bout de temps, le progrès fait par les développeurs m'amène à en publier une critique positive après une trentaine d'heures de jeu.Description rapide du jeu:Squad propose au joueur d'incarner différentes armées, des russes aux américains, en passant par les rebelles et divers groupuscules armés du Moyen-Orient dans une simulation militaire moderne. Il est orienté intégralement autour du travail en équipe et comme son nom l'indique, se focus sur la séparation des joueurs en squads de neuf personnes où chacun possède un rôle avec des armes et gadgets adaptés. Les équipes s'affrontent pour le contrôle de points (ou drapeaux) dans un ordre précis, ce qui permet de définir une ligne de front à la fois claire et à la fois contournable.Mon avis:Les bons points du jeu:+ Squad est tant basé sur le jeu en équipe qu'il est impossible de faire quoique ce soit seul, et c'est tant mieux. Ce travail avec les autres joueurs, pour construire des points de ralliement (réapparition), des bases, des caisses de ravitaillements, des fortifications et ainsi de suite, permet de donner au jeu un aspect social intéressant, en plus de l'aspect stratégique et logistique inhérent aux choix de positions et mouvements.+ Les multiples classes ont des rôles définis, tous utiles, et permettent de composer des escouades dédiées à la défense, l'attaque, l'anti-véhicule, la logistique et ainsi de suite.+ Les mécaniques de déplacement, de visée et de tir sont plus rigides que la plupart des shooters, tout en gardant une bonne fluidité loin de l'effroyable lenteur à moitié plantée d'ARMA. Ces mécaniques fonctionnent aussi bien durant les engagements à longue distance que durant ceux à courte distance et en bâtiment.+ Le système de communication, limité au squad et à la proximité pour le soldat lambda, et aux autres chefs d'équipe pour le squad leader, permet d'avoir une communication efficace, claire et non-saturée et une organisation parfaite pour ce type de jeu.+ Les cartes sont larges et variées et offrent de nombreux points de rencontre à diverses distances d'engagement. Les drapeaux et leur ordre de capture permettent d'accentuer les combats dans une à deux zones, tout en permettant aux stratégistes créatifs d'aller piéger ou embusquer l'équipe ennemie dans ses routes de ravitaillement, d'aller construire des nids de mitrailleuses et autres mortiers et appui-feu à des endroits clés pour aider l'avancée des autres squads, ou simplement de définir des lignes à coup de fortifications, de bases de réapparition et de camions logistiques.+ L'ambiance sonore est à couper le souffle: le son des armes, de près comme de loin, le sifflement des balles, les frappes d'artillerie et autres sourdes détonations, le shrapnel des mortiers, tout est d'une grande qualité.+ Il n'y a que des véhicules légers (du HMV au BTR, du pick-up d'insurgent avec une mitrailleuse dans le coffre au camion de ravitaillement), qui peuvent être affrontés par l'infanterie et ne mènent pas à des parties complêtement déséquilibrées. Leur nombre varie selon chaque carte et leur temps de réapparition long les rend précieux et à défendre, ce qui évite le coup des joueurs à la Battlefield qui prennent un hélicoptère de combat pour aller jusqu'à un point et laisse l'hélicoptère se crasher là après l'avoir utilisé comme taxi.Les mauvais points du jeu:- Bien que les cartes soient larges et offrent assez de relief pour s'amuser, il y a un grand manque de débris, détails, couvertures en tout genre qui appauvrit l'aspect visuel autant que le jeu de ""cache-cache"" qu'une bonne milsim pourrait offrir.- Les graphismes sont corrects mais le moteur manque encore d'optimisation (cependant, de gros progrès ont été faits dans les dernières semaines).- Pour revenir sur l'ambiance sonore, il est regrettable cependant que les cartes ne disposent pas de sons d'ambiance à l'heure actuelle, tels que des bruits de vent, d'oiseaux, etc. Hors des combat, le jeu semble bien trop silencieux, à un point assez étrange.- La plupart des mécaniques sont difficiles à appréhender et demandent souvent un temps de recherche (hors jeu) ou d'adaptation (en jeu).En bref:Si vous cherchez une simulation militaire avec un fort accent sur le travail d'équipe et la coopération, Squad se place comme le jeu le plus adapté malgré son statut en Early Access. C'est un plaisir à jouer entre amis, ou même sur les serveurs publics de votre langue.Si vous voulez un jeu qui requiert moins d'investissement et de concentration/coopération, dirigez-vous plutôt vers Insurgency ou Rising Storm, voire vers des jeux carrément arcades comme les Battlefield."
,Recommended,393380,31148992,Posted: 14 April,all,NSA Andy,Absolutely in love with this game and the evolution that it's gone through. The developers listen to the community and are an absolute blast to play with when they're not busy creating a masterpiece.
,Recommended,393380,27004908,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jonny,Best fun I've had in a fair while.I can't wait till it's finished!
76561198206256991,Recommended,393380,32711452,Posted: 23 June,all,Ryan,"Second match ever, squad leader DCed, became squad leader.Had no clue what I was doing.Was pushing up with squad attacking a point. Thought everything was going great.Mortar squad leader radios me and asks for good coordinates to mortar for support on our position.Accidentally gave him my squad's coordinates instead.Entire squad gets blown to bits.Played it off and nobody knows that I got my entire squad killed with a friendly mortar strike.10/10 would kill entire squad again."
,Recommended,393380,32902351,Posted: 27 June,all,Jäger,Gave me PTSD. 10/10
,Recommended,393380,26563838,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Become,10/10 will play 400 hrs again.
76561197990466442,Recommended,393380,26547056,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,J.Walker Qc,"I tried and bought this game in the free week-end of 11/11/16This game is a VERY GOOD ONE.In my opinion, it has it's place in tactical shooting game gendra vs it's main competitors and this is why :- V.S INSURGENCY : Longer matches on bigger maps with better mods and WITH coordiantion and roles. ( + veichules )- V.S ARMA 3 : Runnable. ANYONE ( even with the best PC on the market ) CAN'T get more than 20 fps in a town in ARMA 3.The main aspect of this game for me is it's community. In any game you hope in, if you join a squad, people will talk, set plans, communicate with other squads etc. This is unique and you will not find this in ARMA 3 or INSURGENCY, except for VERY rare ocasion.You DO NOT have to be in a clan in a private Teamspeak server to live these tactical/ coordonated firefights.Other then that, there's bugs, and it is to be expected since it is a early access game but I experienced nothig game breaking.I totally recomend it if you like tactial shooting games."
,Recommended,393380,32668654,Posted: 22 June,all,samthenija,"Been on the fence about getting into Arma due to just how technical it is and decided to try this out first and I have zero regrets! Definitely a hard game and it's only recently I have actually gotten decent at it.  If you like games where communication and teamworking are a must then this is the game!  Dream big and give orders to your squad or support your mates from on high (warning: seems like a lot of leaders don't like the marksman class >_> ).  However, tons of fun and I highly recommend!"
,Recommended,393380,27606559,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Smersh,One of the best tactical shooters available right now.
,Recommended,393380,33542050,Posted: 14 July,all,çhaBür واجب,This game even in early access is wonderfull !!! Totally recommend this game to people who likes more realistic games but wants to jump into action !
,Recommended,393380,33422731,Posted: 9 July,all,whats non stop poppin b,could use a bit of optimization but gets the job done. 11/10
,Recommended,393380,33096968,Posted: 1 July,all,blackBlood™ | MuKuL,This one is definitely a Pretty Good GameIf you like to play some short of Military  -fast paced Simulator like .....something :P .Then dont you bother just GO FOR IT ..I am a really choosy guy on what i buy.And i REALLY LOVED IT .-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------This is why you shouldn't buyIf you don't have a mic ..Then please Don'tIf you can't communicate ....well....Dont buy itIf you don't like to do things in Shooting Games ..And you just want to RUN and Gun ..Then Please DONT buyThat's All to itI highly recommend this oneRating- 9/10
76561198005347124,Recommended,393380,26556941,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Baby Seal Hunter,"This game is quite good.  The fact that it is in ALPHA  and and this good is pretty amazing.  I have 2000 hours on ARMA 2 and 1500 hours on ARMA 3.  I have been looking for a game that combines the agility of good shooters with the tactical realism and expansivness of ARMA.  I would say this game hits the nail pretty good on the head.  The firefights are intense, and its been a long time since I've gotten excited during engagements.  The game also lends itself to unit or clan play.  The VOIP is probably the best in any game I have played.  You can really see the ""Project Reality"" come out in this one."
,Recommended,393380,32934548,Posted: 28 June,all,Spectre✔,PTSD
76561198255963610,Recommended,393380,32836685,Posted: 26 June,all,Ghost4Wolf,When I realized that I would buy this game .. I took a moment to thinkAnd I came to this game is one of the best games and it is better than the game arma3LOOK THIS VIDEO GUYS xDhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3d_W7htOw3o&feature=share
76561197982715653,Recommended,393380,32948275,Posted: 28 June,all,|TG|Crazydrunk1,Really love this game. Came from playing Project Reality mod on BF2. The devs are making  this a very good milsim game. Right now its heavy on infantry combat but i like the CQB. I have over 500 hours in it and its about the only thing i will play now. Add in a good server and community makes it even more enjoyable. If you want teamwork and a game that makes you feel like you are there this is for you. Non of that call of duty running and gunning stuff.Pros:Amazing GraphicsAmazing soundsLots of updatesCons:Really is non. Some optimization issues but mostly worked out.
,Recommended,393380,32966161,Posted: 28 June,all,Castle,"Hey there handsome.If you're reading this, then you might be asking yourself that question again.Should I buy this game?As easy as it would be to state yes or no, it's not quite that simple. There's a lot of factors to take into account when it comes to a game like Squad, so I'll make it somewhat easier by just firing off some questions.If you answer no to more than half of these, then you probably shouldn't buy the game.Do you,and your friends,enjoy military simulators?Do you prefer iron-sights when you play those shoot-boy games?Does the idea of running for 15 minutes to get your head blown off make your nipples dance?Are you good at following orderseven if they sound really stupid?Do you enjoy a strict first-person perspective?Do you meet therecommendedrequirements for the game?Are you a good communicator?I could go into specifics about these questions, but that's not why you're here, is it? I suppose I could elaborate a bit, or a lot, but the idea of this was to get right to the point.I'm not here to sell the game to you or make a huge wall of text with pros and cons.Simply put, Squad is an unforgiving game. It can be simultaneously frustrating and incredibly rewarding.It certainly has a lot to offer, but isn't for everyone.I suggest checking out some videos before you buy, unless you're an impulse buyer. If so, what the hell are you doing here?Anyway, if you've gotten this far, thanks for reading!I love you."
76561198034941678,Recommended,393380,32601704,Posted: 20 June,all,MrBonkersBazUKa,"great game, community is sound lots of people talk and help out new players. very tactical game. recommend if you like team based tactical shooters"
,Recommended,393380,32084851,Posted: 31 May,all,Izz_a-Din,"Still early, does need updates and does need work but for what it is, this game is amazing.The community is helpful and work together, i recommend this game highly."
,Recommended,393380,34490537,Posted: 25 August,all,pvtpeenut,Its not bad
76561198017152807,Recommended,393380,26541883,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Awkward Tickler,Great game that rewards teamwork.  Not as complex as ARMA but has an initial learning curve.  The curve is more learing the objectives and underlying rules about the game.  Most of the playerbase is not toxic and is willing to assist new players.  This is not a game to lonewolf trying to pick off opposing players.  You must work with your squad in order to have a chance at winning.
,Recommended,393380,26564551,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,BocadilloLucha,"This game is intense!Spawn in as riflemanNobody aroundHear gunshots to my left, run towards them, crest hillSee my squad lined up along a wall at the edge of a small villageRun towards them, I can hear bullets hitting near me, screen gets blurryReach squad, squad leader tells us to pop smokeRound the corner through the smoke, squad sniper is giving us enemy counts over the radioBullets flying everywhere, I watch my teammate take one to the head, his body falls limpSquad leader is yelling something, can't hear over the gunfire, I take down one, I think I winged anotherEnemy is retreating, I take a bullet, screen is getting blurry, I empty my gun, don't know if I got him (no hit markers)Bleed outRemember I need to blink10/10Runs smooth @4k 60hz"
,Recommended,393380,26564844,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,ControL♥FPS,Good video game
76561198090586746,Recommended,393380,33250910,Posted: 4 July,all,chef,a really nice  game
,Recommended,393380,34191105,Posted: 12 August,all,Lipton,"Squad is a hardcore tactical shooter, you should buy this game if you like teamplay, a challenge and a true war simulator.The game seems to have improved a lot since the release.After i bought the game some good patches came out and the game keeps on getting better.The game is quite dependent on the community and thats an issue sometimes. (people just fooling around, go play BF or CoD ;-) )There is still quite a lot of room for improvement, like shooting over walls and out of windows.And there are still a few nasty buys around.Although the game is really worth the money if you ask me."
,Recommended,393380,26552926,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,ifeeltherain,"As someone who has a bit of time with the game so far, I have to say it's become my favorite shooter. I have come to love the sense of tactical teamplay and coordination Squad offers. After getting used to the necessity of communicating with your squad and others around you, I've come to find that other shooters that lack the kind of gameplay that encourages vocal communications much less appealing. I highly reccommend this game to anyone intersted in a good, realistic FPS experience in a teamwork-minded environment."
,Recommended,393380,26551487,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Habeeb,"I highly recommend this game for any fan of FPS games, however I will say that it is definitely not a game for everyone.Squad is geared towards people who are into MILSIM, close team coordination, heavy communication, and tactical unit movements.You will not be in the thick of the action every second of every game.  You will deal with inexperienced players, even in Squad Leading positions.  Not every game is going to go your way.  It is unforgiving and you WILL be punished for your mistakes.But when Squad is good, it is absolutely amazing.Don't let a bad game or two deter you from the experience.  Stick with the game for a little while and you'll see what everyone is talking about in these positive reviews."
,Recommended,393380,26552799,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Prion,It's like ArmA but it doesn't run like Lt. Dan and you can jump right in without having to read five pages of keybinds.9/10 would lead a squad to certain death again
,Recommended,393380,26539919,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Beer_Brigade,"THIS ISN'T CoD or BATTLEFIELD! You don't respawn instantly and it isn't instant action and that's what makes it a great game! This is a tactical team based shooter and needs to be played as such, it is also still under-development but has made great progress.Love this game, not sure what these free-weekend reviews are about but this game is great! It does have a bit of a learning curve and does require a great deal of team play. However the game looks great and plays well, weapon systems are realistic and require some training to master.Overall a really great game, totally recommend it!"
,Recommended,393380,26552426,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,BrutalStrudel,This game is a nice blend between something like Insurgency and Arma 3. It's very similar to Red Orchestra in a modern setting. It's the most teamwork oriented FPS I have ever played. If you aren't patient and run in guns blazing expecting another battlefield clone youre going to have a bad time. It runs very well.
,Recommended,393380,26553259,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Herodad,If you like strategy and military simulators this game is a MUST.
,Recommended,393380,26808378,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Просто добавь воды,Best tactical co-op survival army shooter!
,Recommended,393380,26540667,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,mr solo dolo,"Runs well, very fun, very intense, i would reccomend"
,Recommended,393380,32833589,Posted: 26 June,all,MrOkiDoki,"This game is a bit similar to ArmaThe casual has realistic gameplay and elements. I recommend SQUAD to everyone give a try once because it does change your gameplay technique at all if you are not a hardcore gamer!You would ask, why would I become a HARDCORE player?The casual game plays is easier than hardcore and it's for only kids. Hardcore gameplay needs more patient and real teamwork as how would be in real life. Playing casual games is kid thing and no realism on gameplay kills real war action.IF you are a casual gamer(CS GO players etc) give a try to SQUAD or ARMA once, you will realize those games need more patience and teamwork. And you will start enjoying that realism hardcore war!"
76561198090491698,Recommended,393380,31632785,Posted: 8 May,all,ironsight,Old school FPS <3
76561198041098472,Recommended,393380,21262987,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,[PBS] Astrolite,Superb game! The sounds in this game are fantastic. One of the best games i've ever played
76561198068352253,Recommended,393380,26543220,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,DerpCannon,"Great game for serius FPS players, not for casuals."
,Recommended,393380,31036325,Posted: 9 April,all,✅ Murray,"Overall its close to realistic as it can get, some squads you get in can be good but problems trying to find a server that you like other than that its the real deal!"
76561198365101887,Recommended,393380,31097745,Posted: 12 April,all,Preacher41se,amazing game and community
,Recommended,393380,32199059,Posted: 5 June,all,[H]oi_Peeking,"Wish arma had a more BF4 feel, this is the game"
76561198090640755,Recommended,393380,34284842,Posted: 16 August,all,「Ocean Man」,Experience will greatly vary from game to game. One game you will have a squad that will talk to each other and get really into it and other games you will be the only one with a mic and it's really boring. Tons of fun though if you get the right kind of people in your squad. Would highly recommend if you are playing with a group of friends. Solo is okay but it can be boring and frustrating at times.
76561198115087771,Recommended,393380,32822795,Posted: 26 June,all,elcid1s5,First I played CoD.Then I played Battlefield.Then I played Red Orchestra.And then I played this.There's no going back.11/10 would hide from a .50 with the squad behind two walls and still get blasted to pieces.
,Recommended,393380,34256334,Posted: 15 August,all,Shaggy85,Totally worth the running for cover screaming like a little girl alot of fun and even better if you have a good squad
,Recommended,393380,34331223,Posted: 18 August,all,NotAHoe,"Where The Hell  Did That Bullet Came From SimulatorGreat game, awesome community, 10/0"
,Recommended,393380,33476805,Posted: 12 July,all,noobtia,"Want a good game? This is a good game.Pros:+ Good devs+ New content about monthly+ Squad based+ Sales make this ez+ Good community+ Kinda realisticCons:- Need optimization, but works fine with i5/8gb/GTX1060"
76561198012088357,Recommended,393380,23916168,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,MobyDick,Awesome game and has a lot of potential. I've been playing Arms and Project Reality for sometime now and this is a familiar breath of fresh air. I cannot wait to see what the devs will do with this game. Anyone thinking about this game should know what they're getting into. This is a slow tactical game and is not like CoD or BF. Once you figure out how the game playa you'll fall in love.
76561198006598566,Recommended,393380,23916992,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Alkon Kewl,"Great game, its reminds a lot of the Project Reality BF2 mod, which ive sunk hundreds of hours into. In fact id even claim when this game is more developed, it will be even better. Lacking vehicles atm, but its all coming soon.The game is a realistic tactical based military shooter. It is nessesary to play in a team, and work with that team. Otherwise your team will loose, and you probably wont be having those awesome firefights, as it is usually pretty difficult to take on a number of players on your own.Developers and the community is also great and positive. It may be a little hard to learn the game at first, but make sure to join a squad, and type or say in the voice chat, that you are a new player, and im sure one of the veterans will help you out with understanding what you gotta do, and how.I dont really have any cons for the game execpt that its alpha, and therefore kits and stuff are missing. But the core game, functions very well."
76561198152945206,Recommended,393380,26963349,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ZXD_Han,"Great game, great comunity and great devs <3 <3 <3 <3"
76561198062146894,Recommended,393380,26551331,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,spawnfromhellx2,"If you have a team that communicates effectively and dosent just sit there rather then pushing a point togather then you can have a really good time,win or lose ... GG."
,Recommended,393380,23907741,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,✪ Renux,"I'm so in love with this game. Everything about it is amazing. If you are a new player, all you gotta do is listen to the squad leader:) due to the sale theres alot of new players. vehicles are coming out in june. This is going to be one of the largerst updates yet. can't wait."
,Recommended,393380,23905876,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,SZPZ,"Specs:CPU: i7 4790kMemory: 8gb RamGPU: R9 390 Sapphire Tri-xWith these specs I manage to get 50-60 fps on maxed settings.The game is very fun and enjoyable, although it is quite slow paced. The game is most enjoyable when playing with a group of friends or a squad that talk and play tactically. The gun sounds are extremely realistic which is one of the main things that make this game for me. Most games lack punchy realistic gun sounds but this game definitely doesn't.To me, this game is a first person ARMA III without the clunky horrible controlls. It is extremely smooth and you never perform actions that you dont want to. Although the hud is minimalistic, when you get a confirmed kill on an enemy and you can see that you took them down, it is extremely satisfying. The ragdoll effects that are aplied when you die look great and you feel as if you really just shot someone.The game takes some time to get used to, but after a few hours of playing you should be quite confident with the controlls and different things you can do based on the class you pick.11/10 would buy again"
,Recommended,393380,31658910,Posted: 9 May,all,lohrchris26,"I can't believe half of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t reviews that I just read. People are giving it negative reviews because of things like ""My computer cant run it so I dont recomend"", and many more similarly written stupidity. I mean, what in the actual hell is wrong with people man. Anyway, this is a fantastic game all in all. i havent gotten to play it a whole lot just yet, but so far for what I have played, I had a great time not even knowing what in God's name I was doing, that says a lot.It has the greatest tactile feel I have ever experienced in a game. Ever. Arma cant compare. Battlefield can't compare, and neither can any other military simulator I have ever played in my entire life. Anyway, long story short, all you need is a Mic and not to be shy nd you are good to go. Knowing military terminology helps significantly, other than that, you are good to go. Give her hell!"
76561198021033664,Recommended,393380,34113375,Posted: 8 August,all,VonDarkmoor,"PTSD simulator.9 man squad, i was a medic.All screaming "" Allah akbar"" in a convoy of hatchbacksCame under heavy fireMore screaming ensuedThis time it was a scream for a medic.Other medic was ♥♥♥♥ing deadIt was up to me to save everyone elseSquad lead was shouting at everyone to take cover in a nearby mudhut and returned fireI popped smoke and went about my work.Got everyone upTold em to run for the mud hutStood my ground, threw a smoke, threw a frag.Killed 2Ran around the corner to fall back came face to face with a dirty american.He went to shoot me, as i realised i was gonna die.All i heard was *click click*He forgot to reload.I mercilessly gunned him down.His mates found me and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me.Squad leader was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that the hero (me) was dead.He rallied the whole squad and they charged for my position.Everyone on both sides died.10/10 would be a hero again10/10 PTSD confirmed.10/10 would commit war crimes again."
,Recommended,393380,31055631,Posted: 10 April,all,Zaqariass,"Coming from a Project Reality player, I am not disappointed with this game at all.This game is not at all like ARMA in terms of a complete in-depth military sim. Neither is it like a tactical fast-paced FPS like Insurgency. I'd say it's if ARMA and Battlefield had a baby. Realistic, yet not at all hard to learn even if you're trying to learn how to be a squad leader.Right off the bat, if you're a random and don't have friends to play with, you will still have a great time playing this game because squading up with random players that have mics actually leads to better synergy if you work together as a unit.Just know that this game has a HUGE emphasis on team-play, a one man army will definitely not cut it and if that is what you're looking to do this game is not for you.PROS:- Promising early access content- Awesome teamplay- So far, graphics are looking great- Communication in squads are a blast- Very accessible, easy to jump in if you pay attention- You don't need to jump into a clan and have friends to have effective teamworkCONS:- Early access, so optimization might not be the best. Definitely improving.- Joining a game with full squads and not being able to get in one with communicating players is boring- Poorly optimized with AMD CPU's... huge turnoff imo."
,Recommended,393380,24897051,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,TheDicktator,"Coming from a veteran terrorist commander,i find this game the most jihad inducing :Da video that i made to prove my point:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0wppq16z4Ew&t"
,Recommended,393380,33883964,Posted: 29 July,all,sgt shithead,if you're a serious gamer and like teamwork this is the best game game ever. but the first couple of matches will be hard hard since this game really is alot different from others.
76561198285513809,Recommended,393380,32213630,Posted: 5 June,all,Charlie,"It's a really fun game, especially if you're in a squad where most people communicate and try to have a good time.The gameplay is amazing (very immersive at times), the graphics are pretty good, and the community is so far really awesome! You do however need a pretty good processor to run this game (it is poorly optimized).I'd say if you're interested, you should really try it out! (but 2 hours really isn't enough time to get the feel for this game, that is if you'd plan on returning it)."
,Recommended,393380,26536084,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Jopezo,"Very fun game and if you like arma series, insurgency or any milsim type game this should be on your list.If you get black screen on launch after the Squad logo, put ""-windowed"" into the game's launch parameters. Do not click on anything else when the game window has popped up."
76561198008973226,Recommended,393380,21614966,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Marine03,Great game. Love playing it. Cant wait for more
,Recommended,393380,31492797,Posted: 1 May,all,MyNameIs_Taken_,This game is just simply amazing. Can't remember the last time i had fun playing an FPS game.
,Recommended,393380,26551289,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Ziad,I've played this game for a bit and I think it has a ton of potential. It's a strategic/tactical shooter and to be successfull you'll need to work as a team. The dev's are responsive and are putting in the time and effort to make this game great.
,Recommended,393380,31104613,Posted: 12 April,all,Not a Weeb,"After playing Squad for the first 5 hours, I can't go back to any MilSim I've played before, let alone any shooter.  Visuals, audio, and gameplay is fantastic.  Teamwork (when present, which it usually is) is fantastic, as people who play this game typically WANT to work together, and that's half of the game anyway.11/10, would run into enemy fire to heal teammates again."
,Recommended,393380,31091659,Posted: 11 April,all,Seagull,"Squad is a very interesting game. It isn't as ""milsim"" as arma, but it isn't as casual or messy as series like battlefield. Instead, Squad finds a balance between the realistic combat of arms and the more hands on fights of games such as battlefield. This is a great substitute for those who don't want to walk or plan for dozens of minutes without a firefight, like arma, and those who don't want to have everyone running around with an RPG and an AK getting killstreaks, I don't even have to name this series :P.GameplayIn Squad, there is two game modes, AAS and Insurgency. I have only played the former, which is the main gamemode of the game, so I will only speak on behalf on that. AAS is structured into two teams fighting over control of various points on the map. The points are continuous, so your team has to be both attacking and defending these capture points at the same time. As a side note, the map is extremely large, with the capture points area sometimes only taking up a fraction of the map. This can lead to numerous tactical strategies. You aren't being funneled to each point from another. The main objective, however, is to drain the enemies tickets, done by destroying vehicles, killing infantry, and capturing and holding points.Teams are structured into squads, each with their respective squad leads. To be successful, teams need to have squad leads constantly communicating with each other, squad leads giving orders to their squad, and squad members listening to the orders of the squad lead. This game is just as much about teamwork and communication as it is about gunfights.Squads themselves are structured to have different kits to fulfill certain roles in the squad. To name a few, you have the medic, a necessary kit which has the exclusive ability to heal and revive teammates. This process is lengthy, so don't think this is like battlefields extremely short heal times. Another necessary kit, the anti-tank, is given a launcher and is tasked with taking out vehicles. Those are just two of the roughly 6-7 kits in a squad.Teams also have access to vehicles which differ based on their faction. The only vehicles in the game are APC's, Humvees, trucks, technicals, and motorcycles. There are no main battle tanks or air vehicles as of this review. These vehicles are very hard to use properly. If a squad uses these vehicles like main battle tanks or uses them recklessly, than they severely impact their teams tickets. Some of the vehicles cost 40 tickets! Sure the APC's can be extremely deadly in the right hands, but a few rockets used by coordinated teams can easily take it out.There is also an interesting spawn structure in the game that is necessary for a team to setup to ensure victory. Teams have access to three types of spawn points: Main base, FOBs, and Rally points. Main base is where you spawn at the beginning of the game and when you don't have anywhere else to spawn. This point can't be taken down and has infinite uses. The next two points have to be made by the squads themselves. FOB's allow infinite spawns by every squad as long as the enemy doesn't overrun the position and dig it up. FOB's also allow for squads to build up defenses and support infrastructure. You can build ammo crates for squads to resupply, vehicle repair stations, sandbags, and many other buildings. All of these upsides come with a few  downsides, however. The first problem is that although squads can make these anytime as long it is 400 meters away from another built FOB, they need to get a logistics truck from main base to drive to the FOB and resupply it to get people the ability to spawn there and build up objects. With this, it makes it extremely hard to make ""hidden"" FOBs because most of the time, the enemy will hear the truck and inform the other squads that there is an FOB in the general area of the truck sighting. With this, FOBs often become secondary objectives to the main capture points, and most FOBs won't last the entire game. The last type of spawn point are rally points. These have a limited use, 9 uses, and can only be used by the squad that placed it down. It doesn't need to be resupplied and is used as an offensive spawn point in case the squad gets wiped after an attempted push.The gunplay in this game is superb. The guns have realistic recoil, weight, and that feeling of shooting something powerful. This is something that Squad has over Arma 3. Arma 3 gunplay is okay, but can't compete against Squad especially in CQB fights.Graphics and PerformanceFirst graphics. The game runs on Unreal engine 4, and can achieve some truly nice looking graphics. The textures, shading, modeling, and everything else easily can compete with the current AAA games being released these days. If you are worried about this game not looking good, which you really shouldn't be as the gameplay is a better selling point, then you really shouldn't have any concerns with this game's graphics.Next performance. This game runs okay. I will give it a pass since it is still in ALPHA, and optimization isn't a major priority at the moment. On good systems, you should have no major issue. I have an i5 6600k and RX 480, and run this game on ultra at 50-60fps. I should mention however that this game runs very poorly on AMD cpu's, so if you are an owner of one of those cpu's just be prepared for that.Sound♥♥♥♥ yes. This game sounds ♥♥♥♥ing excellent. The gun sounds are insanely accurate to the real life weapons and the explosions sounds are spot on. This game can be extremely exhilarating when you are rushing across an open field hearing the gunshots on the other side wisp by you and the sound of explosions and APC fire in the far distance. Overall, the sounds in this game are some of the best if not the best I have ever heard while playing video games.Score and General ThoughtsThis game has offered me some of the best fun I have had in a long time. The people I have met and the intense experiences I have had well than make up for my purchase. This game has excellent communication and gunplay, cutting out the waiting and coordination of other games. The graphics are suitable for this generation and the sounds are some of the best in the industry. I should also add that the devs for this game are very involved and post monthly on their blog and are active on the Squad subreddit. If you are even remotely interested in realistic military games, I highly recommend this game to be on your wishlist.I rate 9.5/10"
,Recommended,393380,26544200,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Burn0ut7,A great game for casual milsim fun. Devs listen to comunity and keep players up to date.
,Recommended,393380,26545082,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Tashtego,"At its best Squad has some of the most incredible cooperative gameplay I've seen in an FPS. Don't listen to the free weekend reviews, the game is still in Alpha and already is a ton of fun as long as you can find a good squad to play with. There are bugs and problems in gameplay still, but the devs are very active and the game gets better with every update. As an early access title, Squad is well worth the money if you enjoy the camraderie and realism of a game like ARMA."
76561198185652961,Recommended,393380,26543863,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Bobert,"starts to follow random people hoping to not get killedsquad says stay downi prone because i thought a bullet went byslowly goes back up and starts taking covera grenade comes out of no where killing one of them and hurting the otherkeep my head down hoping that i won't die3 more people get shot everytime someone bops there head upguy comes running and i stare at himhe says ""why did you shoot me?""i was going to type ""i didnt do anything""couldent find itgave up and now writing this review and tryying to figure out how to not kill my computer and how to also play10/10 would get yelled at and sit there like a duck"
,Recommended,393380,26543920,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,ericthemighty,"Free weekend. Will be purchasing before the 14th when the sale ends. Also one of my first reviews I'm putting out there strictly because I think the developer needs more kudos and more support for such a cool game!Great fun. It can be a bit akward and choppy, but this is the best 'shooter' I've played in my 25 years of video games. It's tense. I love that you're not supposed to die. They've properly incentivized team-play.My very first round I found a squad leader who named his squad 'we teach noobs' and we had 2 awesome rounds that we won. Great community.Best voice comms ever in a game, every developer needs to take note. The tiny modulation they uses adds so much to the user experience.Issues: a bit of lag, even on a 100mbps up/down on a server with good ping here and there. No way to join with friends automatically yet, bit of an oversight imho. Some things don't seem to work, but it's a fully realized game despite early access. Some frame drops here and there, despite an absurdly strong computer (1070, etc)I'm eager for free weekend to end, so we can play only with people taking it seriously."
,Recommended,393380,26546024,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Shelbs,This game will leave you with war stories to tell. Buy it.
76561198021800383,Recommended,393380,26543735,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,M_Freixo,"Amazing game, with incredible atmosphere and excellent team play."
76561198107862074,Recommended,393380,26544342,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Emotion Kid,"I got this game very hesitant of wether or not I would like it on reccomendation from my brother. I havent played much recently due to real life tasks. However, I have a massive appreciation for how this game has progressed and a deep enjoyment of the concept and how well it has been exected. This is one of the most realistic war games available today. Some may complain that you have to walk across the landscape but when youre having a hilarious conversation over the radio with your mates you start to develop a connection with the game and a sense of bond and trust with those you go into battle with. It's not just a game but a community and an experience to play a game deeply rooted in teamwork and strategy.  I fully reccomend this game if that is what you're looking for. Give it several hours and you'll find, you too will begin to enjoy the game and find your role witnin it."
,Recommended,393380,26545501,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Nitz,This game is great if you're looking for something slower than battlefield but something you can jump into for an hour or so and still have fun unlike arma in my experience. To get the most out of the game you must take it a little seriously and communicate with your team and squad.
,Recommended,393380,26542691,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Young Richards,10/10
76561197983084301,Recommended,393380,26544061,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,DonConquistador,If Battlefield 2 and ARMA 3 had a love child it would be SQUAD.
,Recommended,393380,26544574,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Jordakiin,Couldn't get anymore realistic.
,Recommended,393380,26543741,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Jerry✪,Great game with some amazing devs that are active in the community.If you looking for a communication based shooter you should really check this out.
,Recommended,393380,26545289,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Mecs93,This has to be the best game of 2016
,Recommended,393380,26546761,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,YoMma,"Pre-ambleI am a relatively new player to Squad (approx 12 hours as of this posting), and while I haven't sunk 400+ hours in since the launch of the game on Steam, I feel I've played a sufficient amount to make a judgement on it as an Early Access title, and read enough around the game, via the community forums and subreddit to give it an honest, and open review.What This Game IsAs of this writing, Squad is a multiplayer only, team-based, realism focused multiplayer shooter. It is developed by the same team responsible for the well-known ""Project Reality"" mod for Battlefield 2, and is intended to be a spiritual, stand-alone sequel to that mod. As such, the game has an intense focus on the following key areas:Teamwork & Communication - This game cannot be played solo. It's almost impossible to make any real dent or impact on the big picture playing alone, outside of a squad. Success relies entirely on your (and your team's) ability to communicate, work together and play the objective. If you like to chill out, listen to music and not talk to anybody, and go off hunting kills solo,you will have a terrible time.You have been warned!Realism - The game has a reasonable dedication to military simulation. While other games exist that are more intense in their realism focus, this is a game where one bullet can kill you, ballistics are simulated and things generally reflect real-life more often than they do not. It is not a game where you can expect to run around making frags left, right and center. There's a slower cadence to the play, there's more recoil, your ammunition is limited, the HUD contains less information than the average shooter.First Person Perspective - There is no 3rd person view. There is no snap to cover 3rd person peek mechanic. Everything is first person, including the vehicles. You can only ever see what your character can see with his/her own eyes or equipment.Scale - The maps are very large. Not ARMA size islands, but several square kilometers in size. Running the length of a map takes a very long time. The use of squad spawns and vehicles is neccessary to traverse the distances involved. Your bullets will drop at distance - your weapon may not be capable of killing a target past certain ranges. The strategy involved in winning a map takes place at a larger scale than you may be usually used to. If you're fighting for control of an objective, know that very far away, other squads are doing other things.Infantry & Vehicular Combat - With Alpha V8, the first vehicles have been added. These are powerful tools in the hands of the capable driver and gunner. Armoured cars can, and will, rip you to shreds. Hummvees and Technicals will tear through your objective and establish flanking spawns behind you. This is not an infantry only situation. There are plans for more vehicles, including helicopters to be added over the course of Early Access.What This Game Is NOTThis game is not a bunch of things. That's not a knock to the game, as Squad is very very good at the things it is. It's just me letting others know what NOT to expect from it.So, Squad is NOT:A Run and Gun Friendly Game - You will move slowly in this game. Your weapon sways the more stamina you spend. It's hard to hit your target while moving, except at very close range. You cannot just pick a kit and sprint around killing things at will. It's part of the realism thing.A Lonewolf Friendly Game - You cannot play this game alone. To do anything meaningful, you have to Squad up, pick a role, and work at that role. The game is not about you - it's about the Squad.A Game To Be Played In Silence - If you don't have a microphone, or you are not willing to use one - do not buy this game. That sounds harsh, but it will genuinely detract from your experience. If you aren't communicating with your Squad, or you're not listening to your Squad - you will die, and your Squad mates will die. I'm very serious about this. Communication is vital to this game, in a way unlike any other game I have played. I repeat: if you don't have a microphone (or won't use one), you will not like this game.A Fast Paced Game - You will have downtime in this game. Perhaps your Squad has taken up a defensive position and the enemy is currently engaged elsewhere - you don't see anybody for 5-10 minutes. That's a thing that will happen. The maps are large, sometimes you have to move to an objective on foot and cannot use a vehicle. That will happen in this game - it takes time to run from point A to point B. If you're expecting constant stimulation and action - don't. You will go through slow periods. It's all part of that larger scale and focus on realism. Sometimes Squads have to do the boring stuff, so other Squads can get the bigger picture stuff done. It's how it is. This game isn't about you. It's about the Squad!Feature Complete (YET) - As of this writing, we are in Alpha Version 8. This game is no-way near finished. There are bugs. It is not always well optimized. Things are missing. However, HUGE progress has been made in the last 6 months alone. More huge progress is still to come. The Developers are very responsive and active in the community and they are as transparent as they can be wherever possible. That being said - if you're expecting a product in the final stages of polish...this is not that.What I Think...This is an excellent realism-focused multiplayer shooter, perhaps the best I have played in years. I'm a fan of Red Orchestra and the OpFlash/ARMA series - but Squad manages to provide an experience more akin to an ARMA/Battlefield hybrid. It's faster than ARMA, with much less setup and wait-time built in, but much slower than Battlefield, with more realism. It's a great mid-point between full-on hardcore realism and arcade vehicle-fest.The community is top-notch. The overwhelming majority of players have bought into the mentality needed for the game. They communicate, they provide assistance, they don't mind if you are new, they just ask that you communicate and do your best. If you listen to your Squad Leader and fulfill the class role you choose - you will have a great time, win or lose. It feels great working as a cog in a larger machine, pushing towards a big-picture objective. The firefights can be intense and visceral, helped tremendously by the great sound-design.For an early access product, it's in great shape and it is very playable and addictive. If you're an ARMA vet looking for a change of pace, or you're a Red Orchestra or Insurgency fan - there's something here for you. If all you like is Call of Duty (which is fine, I also like Call of Duty!) or running and gunning on Battlefield - you may not find anything you like here.If you try it - give the game a chance, get on the mic, squad up and talk to your teammates. You'll be surprised at how much you'll get out of it. The game is constantly growing, being patched and improving. I can't wait to see what 1.0 looks like, when Alpha v8 is already so good!"
,Recommended,393380,19770891,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,alika,"I have never played a First Person Shooter that requires this much communication. Verbal Commands by Squad Leaders, Squad Elements and other Squads are extremely key. This brings realism to a whole new level. The only problem I have is currently in the alpha it doesn't show the PING for the servers and randomly stops the game when servers could not be connected. Other than that this is an A plus game in my books and hope you have 9 friends or players to play with to make a full effective squad!"
76561197990375401,Recommended,393380,19811988,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Bloodbath,"First play only lasted about 20 minutes... but in that time my squad and I managed to clearout a stronghold and then continue to advance. I lead the advance... and as I lay on a hill crawling towards enemy fire I see a grenade go overhead and land somewhere behind me. Before I had a chance to react I was hit with shrapnel. My ears ringing, my vision blurred, I managed to bandage myself well enough to pull the pin on a grenade of my own and heave it back in their direction. That frag took out a handful of those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s... As I stood up to crest the hill everything went black... (...lost connection to server... DAMNIT!)So far so good. Easily one of the most thrilling tactical shooter experiences I've had in a long long time.9/10 - Would take a grenade in the back and d/c again."
76561198044732390,Recommended,393380,19922628,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Ristyenok,Never seen a game where roleplay happens and it not being forced. 10/10 would groan over mic after death again and again.
76561198095904678,Recommended,393380,20968464,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,HunterVee,"Hands down, one of, if not THE best early access game out there to the date of this short review.This blows even ""full"" retail games away when it comes to the immersion it offers.Teamwork wins, period, the better strategic and objective-driven organised team will win.No lone wolf killing-streaks and such, if that what your looking for, not that its a bad thing to look for, this is just not the place... looking for real teamwork that actually gives a great feeling of satisfaction when the game has won? this is it.Ex-army man myself, i appreciate the emphasis on the immersion.Think of Arma, simplified on the button nit-picking to make it that much more immersive and enabling you to focus on actually playing, for your squad, for your team, for the end objective.On the Early access side, since i had the game (about a month now) there was only 1 update, and it added so much, these guys are really working on it and have set goals for every update and its clear they are serious on the development of this thing.Highly recommended if you are looking for a game where you can communicate with friends/squad/team, to achieve a common goal together."
76561197985971530,Recommended,393380,19898330,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,SquidOnMolly,"I really like this game. It is awesome, looks great, fun to play, and back with a great concept in fps games. However, I have fairly modern rig and I get terrible frames per second, I mean terrible. No matter what the graphics settings are. I get between 23-28 fps low and ultra settings. I could understand if i had like a 5 year old rig, but my rig is pretty updated. I play fallout 4 on ultra at 80-90 fps no problem. Also I have a hard time joining servers. I will be trying to join a server with 50 out of 72 people and it will tell me server is full. I know thi game is in alpha, but that is trippy. I hope the final product fixes this. If you get past the few bugs, the game is great and it gives you way more than battlefront does for 20 dollars less. It is worth every penny.Best luck to ya.The Squid"
76561198042584698,Recommended,393380,19926259,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,⊰fa'agāoioi⊱ ™,"Overall the game is pretty solid, for a eailer release game. You can really play throught it and enjoy yourself. My main issue was the lag spikes but with the newest christmas eve patch they seem to have fixed that.Pros: Sounds are A++ one of the best sound packages for any FPS on the market. The noise of the round cracking when it gets close to your head, or when other players are shooting around you sounds extremely authentic. Even when you shoot inside a room, the sound changes pitch.Weapons calibration seems pretty dead on, US military trains to hit targets up to 300 meters away, most engagements in game are any where between 25 and 150 meters which brings into account accuracy.Realism, Round count is key since you don't have a counter on your HUD, reloading is also a manual task when your magazine is empty as it is in real life.Teamwork is everything, you can get massive kills and still maintain the same score if killing the enemy isnt nesscary to the mission.Cons:The most annoying part of the game wasn't the game itself, it was finding a server to play the game on. I wanted the full experience with the most number of players as possible, But, I also wanted the low FPS that I know I can handle, the problem was, not enough servers of my choosing,It would be nice if there was a auto join feater on top of the manual choosing server to facilitate with finding the best server for you.Maybe a dedicated section for Squads to train, I understand there is a training map but maybe a area where squads can work on military battle drills.More specifc roles in the squd, The ability to have teamleaders would help out immensely at Base construction and would also take the place of squad leader when the SL falls.better mapping system, using a military style MLGS grid system similar to ARMA 3 lay out would make it easier in identifying targetsAll and all its a great game and in a year time this game will be more polished and will only get better."
76561198118927660,Recommended,393380,20193969,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Croy The Dragon Slayer,"When I began playing ARMA3 multiplayer, THIS is the experience that I had hoped for, but could never truly achieve. If you enjoy ARMA, or any tactical games at all, you should probably give this one a shot. Great game, Great community, Great devs, and a great community to play with."
76561198071544560,Recommended,393380,20242154,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Valhalla-94,PTSD Simulator... Nuff said 9/10
,Recommended,393380,19757069,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Snuggles Please,"Its fun, sloppy, but fun."
,Recommended,393380,19768789,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,palets,that's a diamond for all hardcore fans
76561198102767562,Recommended,393380,19858214,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Squirrel Fungus,"This game is amazingIf you have performance problems, instead of ♥♥♥♥♥ing about it look athttp://forums.joinsquad.com/There are plenty of temporary fixes you'll find here until they update the game or unreal updates the engine.::::FACT::::100% of people who don't quit this game are not ♥♥♥♥♥♥s.100% of people who quit this game are ♥♥♥♥♥♥s.YOU HAVE BEEN FACTIMATIZED.EDITIf you have an AMD cpu or gpu PLEASE look at the forums for temporary fixes (i.e deleting anti-aliasing) before ♥♥♥♥♥ing about the game and trying to ruin everyone else's experience. AMD is♥♥♥♥♥♥for UE4 engine that this game runs on. Not Offworld's fault."
,Recommended,393380,19943233,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Slimbizza,"Quite a gem to be honest. Encourages heavy team work, and employs tactics that similate military engagements of the modern era. This game is not like Insurgency, Counter Strike or COD... those are arcade games, and many people that enjoy those style of games will have a hard time understanding the intent of Squad. This game does what it is meant to very well, if that makes sense."
,Recommended,393380,19974296,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Popular Dad,"As the net-code for BF2 version of Project Reality is showing it's age, Squad steps up to take it's place. While the game is still in Alpha it shows promise by combining realism with ease of use and tries to lower the learning curve seen in other games.Pros:Easy layout and objectivesGreat communication systemStraight-forward controls and squad systemBalance of equipment for teamsCons:Graphics issues won't let you really see the enemy past 150 metersSome stuttering, especially when smoke grenades are usedLow ammunition capacity for loadouts (5 mags when it should be 9-10 for riflemen)Same teams that you see in every modern fps (ie, US Army VS Insurgents, US VS Russia, Russia VS other insurgents). It'd be nice to see more interesting teams (Finland VS Russia, Pakistan VS India, US VS South American Drug Cartels)Fortunately, all of these cons are easily fixable with patches and DLC. It's shaping up to be a great game and I'm glad to be along for the ride."
76561198048881288,Recommended,393380,20265186,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,MemE'sAreNTnaMES,"Honestly one of the most addicting and all consuming games i've played. At this point of writing this i have like 15 hours in this game, but thats only about 4-5 games of this. which is the whole point, you completely loose yourself in thi game, running from point to point with your, squad and wreaking havoc, or running through the hills like a badass sniper should. This is what i've always wanted from an fps game.Pro's:-The way that it forces you to work together is awesome, too many games now adays where you are on your own and going all rambo on everyone.-Huge maps make for endless hours of tactical gameplay.-3 different comm systems make for more realistic communictation between squads and within squads themselves-Just the realism in general is hnnnnggghCon's:-Like any old Alpha build game, there are quite a few bugs-For example at times you could be hopping down a mountian side, next thing when you are pinned down behind a low wall and need to hop over it to get to the build just a few meters infront of you, all the sudden your legs dont know how to jump for some reason.Other than that it's just an awesome game, sure you'll always find those one or two guys up on the hill with a rifle (Not even a sniper rifle half the time) that always manages to see you across the map and pump you full of lead.Anywho, welcome to Squad Private.And remember, crouch + E when you are in the poppies.Good luck and dont let them blow your face off maggot!"
76561197993641030,Recommended,393380,20955520,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,[2.FJg]syphen-HGf,"Amazing game - even for an Alpha. When you get on the right Squad, with the right group of people, you're in for an amazing experience."
,Recommended,393380,19928015,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Catfish Billy,Absolutely awesome gunplay the high price range keeps the trolls away and there is some HQ commanders leading alot of the times i plan to play 1 game and end up playing several this is with just infantry too i can't imagine how great this will be with vehicular combat next month.
76561198079514473,Recommended,393380,19971031,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,CanIGetUhh,Thanks for PTSD.
76561197981142791,Recommended,393380,20230113,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Horik,"Everything I wanted in a tactical military shooter. In short, what you hoped combat in Arma 3 would be.Some positives:>No top class, they all have their place.>Extremely team play focused.>Engagements are often long and exciting.>Firefights however are fast and bloody.>Locating and identifying contact is just the right level of difficult.>Maps are vast and offer many different approaches to objectives and multisquad coordination.>No kill indicator - this can sound like a pain but it adds a nice level of immersion, realism, and suspense - not being sure if you actually downed your contact.>Medics are done well. They can revive the team but will eventually run out of supplies to patch people up. Keeps from having those Arma revive contests.>Very clear VOIP chat - also squad based so you don't get the full team chatter you find in other games.Some negatives:>Server browser is a little sub par - not detremental but makes it a little more difficult to hook up with friends.>No in game friends list - little hard to drop in on a friend already playing as you need to actually locate the server in the browser.tldr: Great game, especially for Early Access. I have been having a great time. I hope the devs continue doing what they are doing and get a lot of support."
,Recommended,393380,20242083,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Ansemist,"This is a great tactical shooter with emphasis on communicating and playing an objective with your squad-mates. From being three hours in I know I'm hooked to the game because of the community, and the hardcore style gameplay. I normally don't buy Early Access games anymore, and my only quipp is that the game is a bit on the expensive side, but if you like tactical shooters like insurgency, this game is one you don't want to pass up."
76561197975218795,Recommended,393380,20257672,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,LightGuide,"This game looks as if it's going to be great, if they do what they say they are, it looks like it will blow the others away."
,Recommended,393380,21037805,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Local_Roadman,"9/10- amaziiinngggg game so farso, me and my squad were running through the dessert, comms were quiet and distance gun shots could be heard from the south east, we was planning on taking the 3rd flag and then meeting up with squad 1 to take the 4th.. we stopped and squatted down to check our maps and put a rally point ( where your squad can spwan) down. we was all chatting about where to move then all of a sudden, a distant voice could be heard... we all looked at the direction it was coming from and we could just see, a team member, running through the dessert with a RGP singing the A team music, we all watched as he jogged by. we watched in total silence. as soon as he ran out of hearing distance we see him accidently fire his rpg into the floor and blow himself up...from me and my squad, I salute you.but nah seriously, a good game, I can run it on my super bad pc (with low graphics of course but still) it runs smoothly but the only issue would be the ping and internet speeds. my ping never seems to go below 50 on a populated server, my tip to you Is fine a server that says 'UK' or 'FR' or 'US depending where you are with only 1 or 2 people on it, your ping should be low, not too many people to annoy you and people will steadily start to join more"
,Recommended,393380,19770861,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Salvakiya,Arma meets Insurgency. Fun game but keep in mind I have been playing the alpha. It has some bugs. Dont expect a perfect or complete experience until the game is finished. I am excited to see what the future brings for Squad!Also note AMD cards may have some issues running this game.
,Recommended,393380,28523054,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Recon Wolf,"Definitely my favorite multiplayer game. The community is mostly full of awesome people and I make a new friend every time I play, but like any community there are idiots but they don't last long. We take care of each other out here. Keep in mind it's in Alpha so it's not as good as it will be but it's still amazing and one of a kind where it's at right now. Worth the price tag 100% and if you don't believe it get it on sale, just know that there is a slight learning curve and this is not Call Of Duty, this is a mil sim and the best of it's kind. See y'all on the frontline, cheers."
,Recommended,393380,31961798,Posted: 25 May,all,suendbart,The only Early Access game I don't regret buying.
,Recommended,393380,20628050,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,chefsache007,I overthought 2-3 days before the weekend wether or not I should buy this alpha for 36€.It was no fault.The game is great.Realistic but not boring. No ugly 1000m snipers that would kill the game. Slightly overpowered Noobtubes. Not that mich annoying.Communicate with unkown squadmember or friends and lead or grunt your way to the win.Friendly talking everywhere.
,Recommended,393380,31228927,Posted: 18 April,all,Holden,The perfect mix between Arma and Battlefield with a lean towards Arma. Seriously recommend picking this game up.
,Recommended,393380,28542841,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Zombeans,If you love tactical team shooters that keep getting better with every update buy this game
,Recommended,393380,35138799,Posted: 22 September,all,SkittleGritt,Absolutely great mil-sim shooter with an awesome new performance patch in 9.10 that optimized for so much better performance for everyone. Great game I would def recommend this. Can't wait 10.0!!
76561198048567429,Recommended,393380,26701509,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Marco393,"Here's a little story I like to tell:I'm with my squad, roughly 5 American troops not including myself (I'm the medic). My cousin couldn't join my team so he's on the enemy side. We'll call him Terrorist John,My squad is Delta Squad, and currently our Sergeant is in a small briefing with the other 6 Squad leaders. Our orders, secure the right flank of ""Afghanistant **** Town"", Alpha Squad takes the left flank, while Bravo, Charlie, Echo and Foxtrot move up the center supported by 2 Humvee's and a Stryker.Meanwhile, Terrorist John (my cousin) overhears everything that was relayed (we were on discord), and says ""Allah, jihadhi akbar, American terrorists are moving up the middle of Akbsuibfouasyfb, and are supported by a squad on either flank.""Overhearing this, I tell my Squad Leader that we can expect a multitude of enemy insurgents advancing on our flank and the town. We start moving towards the only building on the edge of town, this building gives us a great overlook of the hill leading towards it.Reaching the house we start building up some sandbags and a 50 cal emplacement, and take positions. All is quiet on the Afghan front.In the distance we hear, faintly, ""Alalalalalalalala, Jihadi JIHAD!!!"" Our support gunner looks over his sandbag, and quote ""JESUS ****** CHRIST!! OPEN FIRE!"" We all peer over the sandbags to witness half the enemy team (32-35 insurgents) Running up the hill towards 6 Americans.An epic firefight occurs, the 50 cal is supressing the enemies, grenades are being thrown, and my Squad Leader is frantically trying to get reinforcements to our position ""ETA 3 minutes"", ""WE DON'T HAVE 3 MINUTES!""When we thought every last insurgent is killed, 4 enemy trucks arrive and a armored vehicle, my squad leader screams into his mic ""Delta, fall back! Rejoin the forces in the town!""We all turn tail and run, our support gunner, pulling off a Black Hawk Down moment, crouches and stays behind providing suppressing fire. I will never forget looking behind and watching him get swarmed by insurgents. A heroes death, I regret not reviving him.As we retreat towards the town, I overhear discord Terrorist John yell ""ALLAHU AKBAR!!!"" and a sudden explosion. Our squad looks off in the distance and witnesses a massive explosion in the town. Our convoy had been suicide bombed.""This is Bravo, any remaining troopers fall back on position Zulu!""""Multiple casulties, Echo leader is down!""""Open fire! All flanks!""""John's hit!""""I need a ***** Medic!""""Fall back! Charlie provide supressing fire!""We stop, and listen to the massive firefight in the distance, our thought out and carefully executed plan had been compromised, and the sounds of gunfire and soldiers yelling over the radios was haunting.We fall back to Zulu, and rejoin Alpha Squad. We set up positions and wait for any survivors from the town. Only 4 returned.Meanwhile, Terrorist John is laughing his♥♥♥♥♥off over discord.Thats how the ""Afghanistant **** Town"" offensive failed, with overwhelming casulties.Welcome to Squad."
76561198072258223,Recommended,393380,26528038,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,BravoTwoZero,"Best tactical milsim shooter so far. If you like Arma - you will most likely like Squad. Keep in mind though, it's still in Alpha, so bugs and issues are common."
,Recommended,393380,24095424,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,ming,Great Military Sim!
76561197983526559,Recommended,393380,31365990,Posted: 25 April,all,Cobra_Tvist,Better than ARMA. That`s all.
,Recommended,393380,31319875,Posted: 23 April,all,Sabo,"I adore this game. Easily the happiest I have ever been with an Early Access title. It's similar to Arma, but much easier to jump right in and get the hang of the game mechanics. The community is easily one of the best I've ever encountered and most people are more than willing to be helpful if you ask questions. The developers have also been great in being consistant with meaningful updates that actually add new content and fix issues.The key to this game is really communication and following chain of command. It works like this: one button allows you to communicate with people in your general vacinity, another allows you to communicate with only your squad, and, if you're the squad leader, another allows you to communicate with the other squad leaders. With that said, if you don't have a mic, don't like using your mic, or like to go off and do your own thing, this probably isn't the game for you. Communication is a central concept in this game.One thing I'd like to say to new players is that this game is not Battlefield and you cannot succesfully play it like Battlefield. Much of your time will be spent with your squad trying to out-maneuver and flank the enemy. Because of that, you are going to see consistant less combat than you would in a Battlefield game, but in my opinion the combat is much more intense and winning a firefight is extremely satisfying."
76561198218065000,Recommended,393380,31326739,Posted: 23 April,all,BigDon_John,"Amazing multiplayer so far with many more improvements along the way with what looks like a very creative and committed dev team.  Hopefully a little more environmental destruction could be introduced and some form of reward system.  As of now, points earned are irrelevant to anything aside from the motive of winning a match. Looking forward to what the future of this game holds...dev's listen to your fans ;)"
,Recommended,393380,28496821,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,E. Rodeo,9/10This game is the real deal.Pros-Everything is setup for great teamwork-Looks amazing-Realistic weapon handling-Atmosphere is like nothing else-Vehicles!-Buildable FOBs-Enormous mapsCons-Falling on a bad squad usually means a bad game (although you can just join another one)-Can be a lot of downtime between engagements
,Recommended,393380,20520224,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,[RIP]Heroic-stem-cell,"I can hand on heart recommend this game to any 1st person shooter fan that has just wanted that little more..........!first off we need to get something strait this isnt COD, BF or ARMA this is SQUAD, what i mean by this is that this is highly tactical and a huge reliance is placed upon each indvidual (no sitting in cornors or whoring it up with a heli)!the main PRO's with Squad is the actual in-game voip and channel modes i.e squad leaders channel, coming up with a coherant plan to assault and take a known enemy possition is extremely pleasing ""even more when it pans out"".Even tho there is no way of tracking your progress (hopfully they will imploment a personal score card system) you gain notarity within the growing community, people actualy remmember you and know weather or not your a decent squad leader or player ""personaly can state i have been recognised a few times""!Whilst this is early alpha and there is huge things in-store for this game i hope they dont change it to much from what can only be described as nerve shreading experiance where every life matters, most enjoyable game i have baught in the last 10 years!!! 8/10 left enough space there for it to get better!!"
76561197983715406,Recommended,393380,26549734,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Lewstein,RO OST Front 1941-45 reborn into AfganTEAMWORKTEAMWORKTEAMWORK!
,Recommended,393380,20531214,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Aristophenes,"Warning to all people with Msi Motherboards who use Atheros Killer Network Manager do not buy this game it will not run multiplayer untill you take away that network adapter driver!!! on the other hand this game is throroughly enjoyable 50 v 50 servers with maps that extend as far as the eye can see. The main con i see with this game is the price, 40 dollars seems a bit steep to many people and i frankly don't blame them, a more preferable price would be around 30 dollars but still a fasts paced exhilerating experience not for any casual gamer."
,Recommended,393380,20533970,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Meraklija,"I like the game, it has great potential, amazing graphics and sounds, I love the communication and team play aspect of the game, that being one of the main reasons I bought it. It is still in alpha so many things need to be added and fine tuned. Some of the negatives, no vehicles in game yet, only 3 factions that are playable as of now. It has not been optimized yet so fps drops all around for even decent gaming rigs. There are cheaters in this game that run freely, in the almost 60 hours i have online, ive run into at least 10 instances of guys using some kind of aiming cheat or auto grenade launchers, there needs to be active admins and people banning these cheaters. If the company needs more money to manage these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and to speed up the process of added content, i would be and many more in the community would be more than willing to donate more money to speed things up. Over all for the price, even though its not a completed game, I think it is worth the money and deff playable as of now, id give the game as of now in alpha phase 7.5/10, with a great possibility of it being a solid 10/10 if they deliver on their promises"
,Recommended,393380,31038245,Posted: 9 April,all,J4CKSONM8,This♥♥♥♥♥♥will give you PTSD-IGN 10/10
,Recommended,393380,31036408,Posted: 9 April,all,GygaBite {gay},"STATUS:  Played only fire range (wifi issues)PROS:1. Very realistic recoil system2. Graphics are really impressive at epic graphics!3. I can see how this would be incredibly fun against a proffesional, role-playing team who would like some serious gameplay rather than a run and gun Call Of Duty-style game.4. Leaning, prone and crouching are very smooth.CONS:  I'm afraid that there are many cons which I think can very easily be fixed within a few updates.1. Sounds are miserable, when you fall your screen goes red as if just been shot but your character reacts with no sound.2. Fall damage is terrible, I jumped half a meter and got half my bar of health down?!3. Overall slow gameplay. The leaning animation shouldn't take that long, should take less than 1 sec.4. Falling out of your car animation is broken, you fall, take 5 secs to get up and get no damage :l5. Aiming can be a bit painful, trying to shoot someone on the other side with an auto, good luck.6. The guns don't have a muzzle flash.7. When you use a heavy machine gun for some reason you always face the opposite side of where you want to face.8. No crash sound.HOW TO FIX/IMPROVE:P=PROS C=CONSP1. Maybe reduce recoil for Heavy machine guns.P2. Make draw distance larger.P3. Make RP community servers (May already exist, idk)P4. Make them less smooth and more snappy.C1. Make a grunt sound when recieveing fall damage.C2. Keep fall damage quite large, considering that you're carrying all your equipment but make half a bar come down at 1.5m~ rather than half a meter.C3. Make animation faster, sprinting faster according to the class and leaning snappier.C4. Either don't make an animation at all and kill the player if they jump out at a high speed or just don't kill them.C5. Make an option to make zooming in more or less when pressing shift (editable like FOV)C6. Just add a muzzle flash please.C7. Make it so that while the animation is playing you can move your view.C8. When I crashed my car off the bridge I was expecting a large crash but there was no sound, just add a sound effect.Overall I do think that this game is worth getting because it is an early access game and that i'm sure that the developers read people's views on how to imporve and do so accordingly. Let's hope the devs have acknowleged where they can improve and hopefully do so.Thank you for reading my review- GygabiteEdit1 :Con 1:  Proning with pistol looks like you broke your wrist.Fix: Change animation.Edit2:Con 1: Can walk up any vertical substance e.g rocks if at least  at a 2 degree angle."
76561197981166290,Recommended,393380,20603227,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Chov Norris,No altis life mod10/10
76561198001298623,Recommended,393380,31014439,Posted: 8 April,all,Insiaiel,"I discovered this game on the Free week end . And ,OMG this game is amazing !!!I discover the realistic genre and its wonderful , Finally a game where players talk , organize , make strategies about what to do without even knowing the persons , I love the Teamplay and I love strategy , This game is even greater with friends !( If you're organize with them and know when to do wtf things and when not xDDD )To be Bref , This game is A Team Play Game , Realistic (means you have to learn and find your way to play , stay in foxhole while its firing , be very careful about cover , etc ...) And It really worth the try Personaly I bought It after playing it in free week end bc I LOVE IT ! ;D ! Over ;D"
,Recommended,393380,31044130,Posted: 9 April,all,Braum_Stronk,Get in a squadmove to objectivenothing to see10 sec of waitinglots of explosionschaos10/10
76561197969456466,Recommended,393380,21156366,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,JimmyBones,"Where do I start. This game is amazing. If you like realism, tactics, ptsd, and cowering in cover as bullets zip by your head this is the game for you.This game is only in Pre-Alpha and is already as polished as other finished products. Don't think you're going to run guns blazing and do well because you will get wrecked. This game takes patience and communication to make you successful.The communication in this game is amazing. If you are in a squad you will be working with your teammates and listening to squad leader directives. There is squad chat, vacinity chat, and the ability for the squad leaders to directly communicate to other squad leaders to set up the battle plan.The controls will take a while to get used to if you are a Cod or BF player. The sound in this game is amazing. The cracks of gunfire sound impressive and most importantly are a good indicator of where your enemy is.There is a minimum HUD which only exacerbates the feel of a real gunfight. There is a compass at the bottom of the screen with numbers which correspond to different areas around you. ""Contact NE 255!"" for example is a way in which players indicate where hostiles are.You will require patience and planning to execute plans.For me the most impressive part of this game is the community. Players LISTEN to directives and follow through with orders from their squad leader. I have never been a Squad Leader and not felt in full control of my team. The teamwork in this game is amazing.If you like tactical gunplay don't hesitate. At first you will probably be overwhelmed and then everything will just click.Levels are huge, sprawling and realistic. Foliage and cover plays a realistic and immersive place for hiding or setting up ambushes. It will be hard to see enemies unless you are paying attention and concentrating on abnormalities in the terrain. Some people complain about spotting enemies .. but it works.Squad leaders can set up rally points which act as spawn points for their team. Each member also has a shovel in which the squad leader can set up FOB's (forward operating bases). Then players can use them to craft and setup bases which can be spawned in. You can set up sand bags and basically outfit a base of operation on almost any area of the map.Again. If you are on the fence just jump to the other side.The developers are 100% in on development. There will be vehicles and such in later updates which will change the dynamic of this game.I screamed ""MEDIC"" and another medic from other squad yells ""I GOTCHU DAWG. Let me throw smoke to cover me!"" I hear the sound of smoke popping. then gunfire. ""MEDIC!"" screams my medic10/10"
76561198031111347,Recommended,393380,23799447,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,|FA| eZZzZ,"- saw enemy while sitting in an ambush with my squad.- requested permission to fire- squad leader said ""negative""after 1 min:- saw another enemy- requested permission to fire- squad leader said ""negative""after 2 min:- saw entire enemy squad- requested permission to fire- Squad leader: fire at will- bang bang bang bang bang bang- all dead10/10"
76561197985909752,Recommended,393380,25800403,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,ΣT | Croso,Much fun.  Much teamwork.  Wow.
,Recommended,393380,26520702,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Lio,I love this game! After V8 the game is really fun to play! I stopped playing Battlefield after trying this game...
76561198083221270,Recommended,393380,26561438,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,JJordawg,"A game that hits that sweet spot between Battlefield and Arma. Whereas Battlefield has quick action and teamwork, this game allows for way more in the way of tactics and movement. Big maps let you work your way around an enemy flank and give you many tactical options.The community is great; people work together easily and there are many squads formed expressly for teaching noobs on the free weekend. In my three hours of playing, two specific players taught me basically all there is to know about the basics of the game. Even more amazing, people use their mics and teamwork, listen to squad leaders. Its amazing how much fun it is to get into a squad and have everyone work together and listen to orders... especially on a free weekend. I will be absolutely buying this game.It does suffer some performance issues, sometimes severe, but the fun of this game overrules it. And after playing Arma 3, I think I can get over some less than optimal frames... at least this Squad stays fairly steady with more than 10 players in your vicinity.Also, it is slightly frustrating with the actual shooting. The graphics are pretty good but get this oily washed out look in the distance. Seeing as a lot of combat takes place over medium range, there are times when I literally can't even see enemies directly in front of me because of the distance. Some more clarity at range would be nice. Also, controls are decent, but I feel like aiming could use some tweaking. Firing accurate shots is sometimes difficult.Overall, this game is satisfying an itch for me I haven't been able to get since MAG on PS3. Big teams, combined arms, teamwork, objective based gameplay... its awesome. If the technical issues get worked on going forward from Alpha, this is going to become one of my most played games quickly."
,Recommended,393380,26562170,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,hostagekiller5,this game is great it's all about teamwork
76561197992971102,Recommended,393380,20544563,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,[NTF]Ratpick,"Love the hole Tactical Aspect of it,This is not a game for people who thinks its CALL OF DUTY and who wants to play in a tactical Squad that follows a hirarky from top to bottom. If you cannot take orders or give them as a squad leader then this is not the game for you. The Develepors are constant with updates as they had problems ""in early alpha"" with dissconnections and HIGH ping. that was fixed within 12-24 hours, and even so they released a hotfix for the hotfix for the disconneting issues.Loads of people is whining about APCS,CARS ect.. WILL NOT RELEASE UNTIL BETA MAYBE AT THE FULL GAME.This is a beautiful game both Tactical,graphical, how to build an FOB ""FORWARD OPERATION BASE"" and how it allowes for open strategy gaming on the battlefield! and NO there will not be customizing for the guns! THESE are fixed classes with EACH specific role to DO, not GO as a medic on a forward assualt thats not the name of the game as i said previously THIS IS NOT COD.GREAT GAME! GREAT GRAHPICS, GREAT ASPECT OF TACACTICAL AWARNESS AND SO FORTH!hope for more fixes and bug fixes!!GOOD GAME GUYS! HOPE TO SEE YOU OUT THERE :D"
,Recommended,393380,20841805,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Syntacks,"I've only played a couple of hours but, good grief, is this game intense.My few game landed me as the role of a medic.  After a good 20 or so minutes of tactically approaching objectives, my squad was all but wiped out by a well-placed grenade.  With bullets whizzing past my head (wearing 7.1 surround headsets), I had to prioritize, stop the bleeding, then patch my crew together, all the while explaining to some of the younger gamers, who were yelling at me, that stopping ALL the bleeding comes first, THEN I'll start rezzing.  I was able to save the entire team and we went on to complete our objectives.The entire time I was fiendishly munching on the butt of an unlit cigarette trying to keep my head on straight.10/10 - Would stress myself out again."
76561198074865437,Recommended,393380,21355508,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,TacticalGamingXHD,"At first glance this game came off to me as a game that would combine ACE/ACRE, PR, GFX, Etc. into one standaloe singleplayer game and to be quite honest, this game has exceeded my expectations.When I first got this game I was having performance issues as I am running an AMD rig, but, I was able to going into the engine ini. and other files and scripts to optmize this game so that it would use all 8 of my cores, and since then I've been running MUCH better.  And yes there are glitches and bugs, for example for me in particular, (I'm not sure about anybody else), Whenever somebody transmits over VOIP I get instant lag and when they stop transmitting I go right back to running high and stable frame rates.so my verdict?This game is consistent, fun, ultra-realistic, and already exceeding my expectations in alpha stage.  I have full trust that the developers will workout all the optimization bugs and all of the other bugs before Squad is out of its two development stages.In conclusion, if you are a hardcore milsim gamer coming from the land of ARMA, which I did this game will totally change your immersion experience in most parts.  This game is simply a must have.8.5/10"
,Recommended,393380,24013449,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Vasily Chuikov,"For those not familiar with what Squad is, it's essentially the new version of Project Reality, which was a BF2 mod back in the day and is now a stand alone title that focuses on realism, patience and teamwork. However the game is quite dated now and has needed a serious upgrade like this for a while.Squad is currently in its Alpha and while it looks much better than PR, it's stripped of a lot of the features that make PR so great, but rest assured these will be coming in the future, i.e vehicles.Even in Alpha, the game is WELL worth the price, you're not going to find a more realistic, team based modern shooter/simulator outside of Arma; but in many ways this is much more accessible than Arma, as you don't need a clan or a good sized party to enjoy the full experience.If you have yourself a good team, who work together and know what they're doing, then you're going to have a lot of fun with the game, however, there are a lot of new players right now who don't know how to play the roles, so some games can get frustrating. (Most players here, as in Project Reality use mics and you're not really going to get by without one, so I recommend you have one before purchase.)DISCLAIMER, this game requires teamwork, communication and patience, you might go an hour without getting a single kill and that's fine, this isn't Battlefield, do not purchase this if you're not familiar with the likes of Arma, Project Reality or Red Orchestra OR if you're not willing to learn.The maps are huge with thousands of possibilities and choices when it comes to strategy and tactics,  the weapons are accurate, sound effects are almost too real, teams work together and you can see some amazing things in this game with a little initiative from squads. the community is friendly, supportive and willing to help always.This is only Alpha and there's so much more to come. But for now, what other game on Steam can let you build a .50 cal position on a mountain top and rain fire on enemies kilometres away while your buddies help you with targeting and adjustments?"
76561198006616608,Recommended,393380,26554041,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Clit Eastwood,"Squad is a perfect combination between the action of Battlefield games and the tactical play of Arma games.If you like playing tactical, cooperating with you squadmates, following orders then this is the game for you. If you prefer fast paced action and running in alone like Rambo - then play something else.The glory in Squad comes from the teamplay. The satisfaction you get from coordinated gameplay is like nothing else. I've played Battlefield since BF1942, I've played Arma, I've played the predecessor to Squad, Project Reality. Despite being in Alpha stages I can see that Squad is going to be an even greater game than it is now. The develepors are working hard and release new updates and hotfixes every other day. This is no ""develop some. profit. leave"" -game. They are serious about making this a great game.The game has a minor learning curve. But almost everybody has a mic (and those who dont should) and most experienced players are glad to help explain the game. So there is no reason to be scared of ""not knowing"".See you in the trenches!"
76561198052751311,Recommended,393380,26556487,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Jâân,"I owned Squad for quite some time. It's awesome to see how good the game progresses. The game immersion is just awesome. You don't just go in there and rush whatever point and it still makes me jump sometimes when the first shot is fired. The key in this game is communication, both in your squad and the whole team. Keep up the good work."
,Recommended,393380,26553809,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,[SWF] soul_eater1,This game had me in tears this weekend. I go from seeing about 5 servers max that i can join to 15+ servers and all of them with just the right amount of ping. I'm so happy this game is finally getting the traffic and attention it deserves. keep giving the game and devs your love cause they've done nothing but deliver so far in making this game better and sexier. For all you guys giving negative reviews though about it being clunky this and slow that and frame rate being crap i just want you guys to know that its ok. its not your fault. its not your fault. its not your fault. look at me...its not your fault.
76561198085656444,Recommended,393380,34891812,Posted: 11 September,all,Europe for Europeans,"Probably THE closest game to actual combat. So immersive it will make you say ""copy that"" or ""stay still comrade"" if you're a medic. If you like communication, tactics and very realistic military games, buy this game"
,Recommended,393380,28346102,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,[304] Tyler,"This game is only getting better!This game makes leaps and bounds forward with every update.  I would say in my opinion this is the most realistic, accurate, and immersive FPS modern combat game that I have played.  If you've been on the fence with getting this, take my advice and take the leap.  You will not regret it!"
76561198048792172,Recommended,393380,19854221,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,✠Sam Hyde✠,Lots of potentialVery well builtFun as♥♥♥♥♥♥Decent priceConnecting to servers is a little glitchy but the game overall is very well made especially for Alpha
,Recommended,393380,19950709,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,DarkHash,*Joins Match**Squad Lead Tells this 1 guy to kill him**Kids say i cant kill i want to rank up to gold nova master and i dont want to have negative points**FacePalm*'10/10 ignFun asf Very Tactical!
,Recommended,393380,26725242,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,snowman3354,"If you're looking for a tactical war-game, this is the game you should get. I M M E R S I O N"
,Recommended,393380,27972193,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,wF.Marksman,"One of the best in the market , lots of action , big maps , and one of the best comunities  even DEVS sometimes playes with us so that means smth righ ? realy worth every cent if u like games like ARMA , Isurgency , or project reality look no further!"
76561198078393821,Recommended,393380,29385541,Posted: 20 January,all,emem238,"Imagine call of duty except not GarbagePros----------------------------40 v 40 gameMuch Much more organized and strategic Gameplay with your teamPush to talkSquad Leader Voice chatSquad Voice ChatLocal Voice chatGood GraphicsReastic gunshot soundsrealistic BallisticsVechiclesPlays as the Taliban sometimesSome People screaming in their mics yelling Allah Akbar when they shoot a rocketBe a Squad leaderAmazing High quality Weapon animationsStancesCons------------------------------------------------no singleplayerHard to drive vecicleslimited classes(Rifleman,Medic,LAT ,ect...)Still in Alpha (Expect Bugs)Limited USA ServersPersonally i love this game and this game gave me great experinces in battle."
,Recommended,393380,30968983,Posted: 5 April,all,Changed,"Gets better with every update!After the new Al-Basrah map, new vehicles, weapons and classes, UI updates, Squad really impresses. I had 220+ hours of gameplay before these awesome updates but watching the game constantly evolve and progress, I am sure it will keep me coming back for a lot more.Just remember, this game is highly dependent on teamwork and communication. Microphone is a must."
,Recommended,393380,30988135,Posted: 6 April,all,Winters,Do you recommend this game?Hellyeah!
,Recommended,393380,28925026,Posted: 1 January,all,ϟϟ Ser BryanFURY,"Squad for me is the bridge between mil sim and the casual fps shooting game, which is good as you reap the benefits of both worlds. This game is definetly team oriented where the player and squad must communicate to win the objective of the current round.PROS- Team oriented- Graphics and Sounds are excellent-  Immersion of the game is amazing (i.e. when I get suppressed by enemy fire I really feel the need to get down in the ground)- Squad Gameplay and Map balanceCONS-  Optimization in the forest maps need some work (i.e. fools road)-  Joining servers with friends is a hassle since there is no party menu system-  The game lacks the rewarding system meaning that when you finish the end of the round and win the game there is nothing to keep you acheiving for in my opinion. A solution for this would maybe to add in the end UI a big title for best squad with the most score or with the most kills and least deaths."
,Recommended,393380,28933914,Posted: 2 January,all,ReconGaming,"If you're looking for realism, you've found it."
,Recommended,393380,29584525,Posted: 30 January,all,Geck [J-Server],">PROS-Very friendly community-Great communication in the game from everybody. The majority of players have mics-Gameplay is fun and updates are rolling out constantly.-Performance is great, constant 60fps-Weapons and maps are all good>CONS-Server browser could be better, sometimes takes a while to get into a game."
,Recommended,393380,30972660,Posted: 5 April,all,TheSmartHobo,"Probably my favorite tactical fps right now, the Early Access tag should not turn people away as there is plenty of content and there are regular updates to the game. A9 introduced a bunch of new vehicles that are a blast to play with, especially the 30mm APC. All in all, buy it"
,Recommended,393380,32116602,Posted: 1 June,all,Fruity booty WIHMbuldihn,"Join insurgent sideone person yells ""haul akbar""Another person yells ""haul akbar""All 50 players now yelling ""haul akbar"" while shooting off into the air10/10 would start ""haul akbar"" chant again"
,Recommended,393380,30925505,Posted: 3 April,all,Choppah,"Pros:Requires teamwork and communication.Large open maps allow for effective flanking and scouting is an important counter.Gunshot sounds are so good they make you flinch IRL.Factions are not duplicates and require different strategies and tactics (additional updates will flesh this out more).While still in EA, has enormous amount of content with large updates added every few months.Most servers are 70+ players (currently maxes out at 80 players).Becoming more realistic and tactical with each update, yet isn't nearly as janky to control as ARMA.Cons:REQUIRESteamwork and communication. If you don't have or like using a mic, I can not recommend this game to you.Can be a walking simulator if you are impatient and don't wait for a good respawn point.Vehicle physics are... uh... in progress.Some bugs and balance issues are game-breaking and fixes for them may be tied to a content update/overhaul that is months away.Overall a good buy from a committed developer that has created a great foundation for a game that has only gotten better and more fun after each update."
,Recommended,393380,30932732,Posted: 3 April,all,hill,Epic!
,Recommended,393380,30944058,Posted: 4 April,all,ElBeefoLargo,"I have 70 hours in the game and so far it has been great. It can be tough at first while you acclimate to the play style (it isn't a run-and-gun game). Strategy is the key to success If you want to win games. You legitimately need to communicate well within your squad via VOIP if you dont want to get steamrolled. There is no point to playing the game if you have no mic in my opinion. From my experience people rarely read in-game chat in real time since they are mostly focused on the map and what is going on with other squads on your team.The immersion is great, haven't had this much fun playing a game in a long time."
76561198011063016,Recommended,393380,31008738,Posted: 7 April,all,King Da'Kine,"Gameplay: I've been playing Squad since Alpha v8, currently Alpha v9.3. I think the gameplay in Squad is very dynamic and unique, and I find that hard to say when talking about FPS games.  I love how Squad deeply encorporates actual teamwork and communication to a level that I have never seen outside of organized teams/clans. There are so many factors that can change how a match is played and ultimately the outcome of the game; from setting up FOBs, to organizing multiple squads in coordinated assaults, to vehicle use, etc. It puts  players in a position to adapt to a situation, or otherwise potentially risk losing the game.  Note, this is a MilSim game, which may not appeal to the FPS gamers who like fast-paced, heavy combat, running&gunning games like CoD or even some aspects of BF.  I think Squad is doing a good job balancing gameplay and realism.  There can be points in the game with times of lull, between objectives or when the enemy team isn't very proactive.  Although, that doesn't mean there is no action, sometimes you just got to know where to look.  There is a learning curve to the game.System Specs: I run an MSI GT72 Dominator. Windows 10. Nvidia GTX970M. Intel i7 2.5GHz Processor. 16GB RAM. 2TB HDD. Running Squad on Epic settings with the exception of motion blur and super-sampling which leaves me running at 40~50FPS.  Overall the graphics of the game aren't super specatular, but they are nice and not very GPU heavy.As the game is still only in Alpha phase, I think it is vastly UNDERRATED.  In its current stage there are of course, bugs and glitches, but nothing that I find to completely debilitate my gaming experience.  Squad offers a level of content that is only going to expand and improve.  I think the Devs and community are doing an impeccable job in communicating with each other to make the game better; as seen with how fast the Devs put out new updates and fixing issue.My recommendation, if you love MilSims/Team based FPS games, purchase Squad Early Access.  Be a part of the community and help make the game better.  If you're just looking to be a casual player it's definately worth on sale, get the Early Access at full price only if you can afford it.    Definately worth a try on F2P weekends.OVERALL: 9/10"
,Recommended,393380,31027254,Posted: 8 April,all,Sgt.Stitches,You can't lead a squad of true American patriots to fight and destroy sand hippies anywhere else.
,Recommended,393380,31071816,Posted: 10 April,all,Slaydo,"Tried briefly on the recent free weekend. Decided to pick up while still 50% off.Worth.Every.Penny.I already agree with a few of the vets on the game about another free weekend. Don't do it. This is definitely a teamwork based mil-sim and most hopper ons, try hards and k/d junkies don't really have the patience for a tactical game such as this one. That said, communication is key. The community, from what I've seen is fairly helpful and definitely positive. A good SL (Squad Leader) can definitely make or break sessions.Graphics are not triple A, so don't expect that. What they do have, gets the job done adequately. Default keybinds are a bit of a cluster♥♥♥♥ but accommodating once you get use to them, you'll most likely want to customize them. Sound is immersive, you hear super sonic rounds whipping by, explosions and fire fights are all pretty legit sounding.If you're looking for some good tactical fun with random bros, this is the place. Squad up, lock and load!tl;drGetting gibbed with 8 other squaddies has never felt so bonding.10/10 would put spade to sandbags again."
76561198025184487,Recommended,393380,31500800,Posted: 1 May,all,Sally,"Where to begin on this game...Squad is a milsim shooter that decided it didn't want to copy ARMA. It has the same focus on realism, but much better netcode and multiplayer.I have never seen people team up so well before. This game is ALL about communication and staying in touch with each other. I love it. Walking with your squadmates and hearing shots pop around you suddenly is a huge rush. Communicating with your squadmates about enemy movement, tactics, and general orientation is a BLAST.I love this game.As an added bonus, this game has one of the best dev teams out there currently. They're active, friendly, and they respect their playerbase.Do not hesitate to pick this up if you want an excellent milsim shooter."
76561198034350992,Recommended,393380,31763922,Posted: 15 May,all,Bending Deals # Dirty harry,"Squad is a good game and a great simulator of what it would be like to work as a squad and act as a team in large scale enviroments and battles.. Some games in squad may also be some of the quietest games, only if your squad leader wants to build a super base that may never be used before the game ends or if you find yourself squadless and far away from the area of battle...This is not a run and gun type of game, you can not expect to run into places all the time or kill everyone you see before they kill you. ""This game requires patience""You may die a lot having first started the game especially if you are still learning the ropes and the mechanics of the game and how it all works.. I recommend to always stick with your squad and listen to what your squad leader tells you to do, not only to increase your survivability but for the success of your sqaud and the games outcome.You can play with friends or you can simply join a squad, make friends and have a good time. The battles that you can encounter in the game on a 50vs50 server are truly one of a kind.Each scenario you play will be completely different from the last time you played. No battle is the same. You will always find yourself In a different experience.It is the squad and your whole team that defines how a battle is played and determines the outcome of how you enjoy this game. Yes there are glitches, yes there are issues and minor bugs but nothing that can't be fixed with more updates as the devs work on progressing towards a more stable and enjoyable experience, even though it's already an enjoyable experience in my opinion.If you do not like experiencing these minor bugs and glitches i recommend for you to not by this game because you will only ruin it for youself. I'd advice to wait for a more stable experience.. As for me im happy with the performance i get and the gameplay itself. Sqaud truly makes me feel at war. 10/10 would go to war again."
76561198153207285,Recommended,393380,30879577,Posted: 1 April,all,MightyMemes,Actual review... it's a really fun game when you get into a social squad. I've had some of my best gaming moments here.
76561198084146088,Recommended,393380,33769583,Posted: 24 July,all,evitisoP rD [T/F],For a game that allows you to work in a team and actually have some form of team co-operation that in itself is an amazing achievement. The game though in early access has a lot of things going for it:- Great level desgins with different attributes- Different playstyles as you can choose different classes- Easy to understand controls unlike Arma games for example- Very polished controls and responsesI highly reccomend this game to anyone who wants to actually feel like they can work in a team and want to play seriously. This game easily catters to anyone and there are multiple servers and places to play so you never have to worry about it being empty!
,Recommended,393380,26561855,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,codewing.de,"if your pc can handle it, it's awesome!"
76561198130022864,Recommended,393380,22284323,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,TheMightyBritish(™B),"(™B)I was the squad leader we was under heavy enemy fire , Our squad was defending the area the enemy  was trying to  back cap,   we was on our own,   I contact command channel and ask for  help! they couldnt help.   We lost men the medic did a fantastic job running  through smoke and under constant fire the machine gunner was out of ammo after suppressing the enemy back   to help save our team.  The squad begins 2 lose  HOPE and WILL power   the objective is close to being lost and under enemy control,   I issue a order knowing the squad  was  broken  that turned the tides of the battle, morale started to boost we started to push  the enemy back  and went on and captured another objective. We were a band of brothers We  are  Squad! ENOUGH SAID...  God bless you all and God save the Queen Amen.(™B) Out."
,Recommended,393380,20026875,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,bogzillaR,"I never write reviews but felt if I didn't write one about this game god would punish me. Squad is of the scale that makes dayz feel tiny, the battlefields are well designed and thought out, building defence mechanics and teamwork solid and the overall simulation to arcade ratio feels spot on. Runs fairly well on my rig now, however there is room to improve aswell as direct x 12 optimisation. Happy to recommend this to anyone who enjoyed the original battlefields."
,Recommended,393380,21021524,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,de_leted (),I play purely for the smoke grenade animation. Rush home from college. Log on. Pop a few meaningless smokes in a manly demeanour. Log off. 5/7 IGN
,Recommended,393380,26564870,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Randal Hayswagger,"Squad could be described as ""Arma Lite"". The cooperative, tactical, large scale battles of Arma without the huge amount of key binding combinations to remember. In my opinion it's the ultimate teamwork game. One person doesn't win the game, nor does one squad. Rather, a combination of the efforts of all squads working together through communication and teamwork is what brings the entire team to victory.In ""Squad"", you can choose to lead your own squad of players and give them tactical information / orders for them to act upon, or you can choose to be the one taking orders from your (hopefully vocal and not inept) squad leader) while you engage in large scale (Read: 1 mile long and 1 mile wide) operations.Even in Alpha, I have nothing bad to say about this game. It's only not fun if your squad and team doesn't communicate or work together."
76561198058454861,Recommended,393380,19831637,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,MitchDB,"To be honest, I had never played Project Reality before. I'd played it once or twice and found the experience pretty foreign. So, a few months ago I saw them announce Squad. I thought - yeah, this looks pretty good. I followed it closely, excited, eager and most importantly expecting a new trend of the FPS world. To my surprise I got exactly that, a new feel of an FPS. You know when you by a DVD, or a console game and you open it and you have that smell? I could smell that as I ran through an Opium field hearing the distant cracks of gunfire and the booms of grenades exploding. Squad is a game for anyone. It's casual, yet competitive. I've never played a game that random people have actually been so in contact and communicative. Squad's graphics, are amazing. I have never played an FPS and jumped at the sound of a grenade going off, they are very realistic. This game, is what we, the PC community ask for in a Early Access Game. There's literally no bugs, there is though an issue with the alignment of the maps. But, it's stable. It's a very good game. It's most likely going to be an award winner for the upcomming ceremonies."
76561198142795579,Recommended,393380,20096608,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,ZXZ,magic
76561198096606971,Recommended,393380,19838156,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,IM GAY,"DO NOT BUY IF YOU WANT A SOLO EXPERIENCE OR DONT OWN A MIC. You wont like it and you will♥♥♥♥♥♥off everyone else trying to communicate with you in the process. If you want to ""do your own thing"" there are a bunch of military style shooters out there to choose from with less emphasis on tactics. Seriously, the top squads are allways the ones actually playing the game as intended.A lot of new players dont ""get"" the game and communication between squads is sometimes non existing. But this is something that will propably die out as those people get bored with the game.Other than that , as a person who liked PR over ARMA, im happy to see the devs are staying true to PR. heres hoping they have a successful project. Happy to be supporting this title."
,Recommended,393380,20941320,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Keaton,"Absolutely the best Mil-Sim game I've ever played (albeit in alpha) the first 10 hours of the game are the most horrific (full of butthurt) gameplay you think you've ever attempted personally; getting shot from no where, never spotting enemies and simply having no idea wtf you're doing. Learning curve is massive and requires quick learning, quick twich reactions, 100% teamwork/communication and most importantly patience.I started taking squad lead position about 18 hours in after learning the basics of the game, and watching way too many bad SL's getting their guys wiped out mostly out of reluctant incompetence, It becomes night and day how to play the game when you have a SL that knows wtf they're doing, and actively gives a hoot about their guys getting hit and downed by the enemy.I find the human interactions at the start of the round pretty awesome, guys talking about random shet that has nothing to do with the task at hand laughing it up full well knowing the poop's about to hit the fan. However when you have a squad of fully commited guys willing to work together as a team, point out enemy bearings, and trust their SL requardless of situation, this game gives off one of the most rewarding feelings when you set it down. Personally I get the feeling as,""Yeah, we just fuqd shet up for 40 minutes, lets do that again.""Now is it worth $40? I can see where people wouldn't say yes, ""It's an alpha game with a singular gameplay, optimized like crap, just another take on BF4 conquest"" In all reality it's worth full sticker price of a finished game. Looks beautiful, realistic, (for a video game) controls are simple yet precise, and gameplay that's extremely stressful and addictive. The regulars playing the game atm take this game as hardcore as I've seen gaming get. You really need to play the game to understand how special this game is. I highly suggest this game to any honest hardcore FPS gamers who are itching for the next big thing. Give the game a dozen hours and honestly tell me I'm dead wrong.*TO THE DEVS*Don't fuq this game up, you have created something truly special to the genre here and I'm sure there's already thousands of dedicated fans backing the growth and production of this game in the coming years. Don't become the next Day-Z toss-up."
,Recommended,393380,26564902,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Bant,"Amazing, amazing experience. After playing several games I decided to buy it, because of the obvious commitment from the devs, and thethingsthat this game makes you feel. Spotting an enemy can get you a jump scare most of the times. Oh that feeling of OH♥♥♥♥♥♥OH♥♥♥♥♥♥shoots. The whole command system is amazing, but you DO need a commited SL. He (or you) can communicate directly with other SLs to create strategies (that really work), create structures, defense positions, and such. The maps arehuge, you will often need vehicles to travel through them (make sure you have your SL nearby so he can allow you to use them). The sound design is also amazing, the sound of the weapons, the explosions, the dying soldiers, everything.I loved it. Get yourselves some serious friends to play with and have a lot of fun/stress/thrill."
76561198272256176,Recommended,393380,20338099,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Mozzarella 420,This game is really fun and extremely realistic. When you are in a fire fight and evryone in your squad is yelling into the chat about where the enemy were spotted it almost feels real. Could use better graphics and a little game content though.9/10
76561198019065575,Recommended,393380,20963275,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,doom,"it's an alpha but easily one of the best (if not the best) squad based multiplayer milsims already. heavy use of voip, great tactics, awesome atmosphere, good gameplay even on public servers. I have been waiting for a game like this for years!"
,Recommended,393380,21048965,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Warbringer,"If you want to know how realistic this game is, prepare a budget for PTSD treatment after you buy it."
76561198137753563,Recommended,393380,19762045,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,SMITHYonPC,"I find is hard to give this game a bad review because at its core the game is great, very VERY realistic with intense gun fights and constant fear of not being on point and becoming complacent as there is ni on no way of telling where the enemy will come from, your best allie is your allies and the reliability of the information they provide! ive played many realistic games in my x amount of years gaming and this one is up there as one of the bestSeems like a good review right? well it would be if it wasnt for the fact that the first 45 minutes of my gametime was spent trying to get into a server with english speaking allies, im from the UK and the lack of UK/EU servers makes getting into the servers that are UK/EU ni on impossible because theyre always full, i dont speak german nor french so wont be of any use to anyone in those server and the only english speaking servers left are the US and australian ones which see my ping fly higher than a 747! its a shame this game faces this problem and im possitive my opinion will change over time as the games server menu is improved but for now i will hope that a space frees up and i can play."
76561198260766557,Recommended,393380,26565638,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,PANDA,"GREAT GAME....Intense as hell at times, and its as close to combat as I would want to be.Would definitely recommend to anyone wanting a realistic and intense shooter.  Good community and the game is developing well.Sometimes you join a bad squad and the game isnt as fun but that is avoidable by switching squads.Best alpha game I have played for sure."
,Recommended,393380,31118605,Posted: 13 April,all,Womb Raider™,"Squad, the one game that gives instructions on how to be a professional medic.Being a medic is already simpler than women.On a serious note, Squad is basically what ArmA was meant to be. The intense levels of communication andtactics within a squad allows you to essentially create your own war stories, and the community is great.There's easily far more pros than cons.Beginning with the pros:• Large scaled maps with both vehicular and infantry warfare.• Community is great, nobody is afraid to ask stupid questions and there's always someone willing to help.• People in squads typically work together to achieve their objectives and aren't toxic.• Once you figure out how to play, it becomes a simple game of varying your tactics within squads.• It has a large selection of roles with independant duties within squads.• There's a large variety of maps already, considering the game is in alpha stages.• The combat in the game is rather realistic and can be sometimes rather extreme.Cons:• There are some bugs such as spawn point bugs in some gamemodes such as Insurgency.• Some vehicles (Mainly BTRs) can randomly flip into the air and barrel roll and land on their roof.• Sometimes roles can get bugged.All in all, the only cons of the game for me, are the things that don't work properly as I personally love the game so far and plan to put plenty of hours into it. My first experience of the game was during a free weekend and I was absolutely clueless on what to do however I simply went along with what the squad told me to do and ended up having a great time, creating our war stories as we proceeded through a woodland and engaged multiple militia forces to occupy a storage site. It's amazingly entertaining seeing a grenade land in front of you and yelling ""GET DOWN GRENADE"" over squad chat and seeing nobody react in time to blow up both the medics in your squad.28/JUL/2017:Well, today I was playing on Basrah on the US side. Myself and a few other squads pushed for village and were really struggling to capture it, however after a long battle we managed to pull our weight and capture the village (whilst using the entire team...) and then started to ALL move to outskirts. We can literally see a whole field of US soldiers running East towards the Outskirts, however we then notice an MTVR (transport truck) and decide ""hey, it'll be a great idea to load 15 of us into the truck!"". I get into the driver seat and everyone else embarks the truck. I drive straight towards the Outskirts thinking ""what's the worst that could happen? Probably an RPG at most..."" and we instantly begin to take fire from Outskirts. I drift the truck sideways in order to provide cover to disembark and return fire from behind the truck, but as I come to a stop... I see a lone militant soldier standing in front, about 50 meters forwards. He's slowly pulling out his RPG and I think to myself ""well ♥♥♥♥, too late now."" - He fires the RPG and kills all 15 of us.More to come as I rack up hours!"
76561198006697150,Recommended,393380,26677501,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Berkserker,Ah bide birlikte oynayabileceğim bir squadım olsaydı...
,Recommended,393380,28463190,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,SpookyDiaboliC,"Great game for playign with or without friends, you NEED NEED NEED NEED NEED a mic, DO NOT be that guy without one. It's literally crippling to your team.It's a wonderful blend of insurgency and arma that's honestly more realistic than any other FPS ""sim"" considering the massive amounts of dumb controls arma has that really makes it finicky and non-immersive. Sure I love those games, but this game is so streamlined. You can pick a class, hopefully in the future customize it and head on out, key of the game however is teamwork, teamwork, and more teamwork. And above all else. Don't ignore orders from squad lead, they kinda know what they are doing. But even so, I jumped into squad lead my first time with only 2 hours or so gameplay exp, and my team was nice enough to help me out and get me a ton of info about how it works and the jargon used to familiarize everyone with the same situation."
,Recommended,393380,30677981,Posted: 22 March,all,Lenny,"This game has alot information where do i begin with this?-------------------------------------------------------------INTRODUCTIONSquad is a military simulation game based on his predecessor ""Battlefield 2 : Project reality mod""What is project reality?Project reality is a free mod for battlefield 2 set in 20 and early 21st century. the goals of the project reality is to follow the modern day military like squads. tactics. and maneuvers. basicly is suppose to be realistic as possbile.Overall i highly recommend trying project reality before really buying this. is free aswell.http://www.realitymod.com/- you won't require battlefield 2 to run this.-------------------------------------------------------------GAMEPLAYThe gameplay is quite simple when it comes to teamplay and that. there are 4 gamemodes as of v9AAS : The most common and popular mode you would get to. AAS or ""Assualt And Secure"" your squads goal to capture and secure objectives around the map. but this isn't your average battlefield mode. you will have to capture whatever that can be captured. this mean theres no squads running around to reach a objective across the map. you will have to capture the first objective and move on to the next.Insurgency : Ahhhh insurgency. your whole objective is to defend your cache [As for the insurgents] while the attacker tries to destroy your cache. wants this game is finished you would have a fun time playing this mode. if you like defending and attacking.Conquest : Just your average battlefield gamemode. if you like battlefield but if you want alot of teamplay. than conquest is for you.Skirmish : Skirmish is a small scale infantry mode. maybe a little bit of vehicles. this is mostly intended to be played by the clan community or just 6v6 infantry battles. nuff said.Going out alone without a squad is quite impossible. without a squad you will be crushed very fast like real life.-------------------------------------------------------------I'm still working on this review. these are just basics."
76561197969803491,Recommended,393380,31086638,Posted: 11 April,all,Alpha Bravo Cheesecake,I had to cover a team mate whilst he took a dump because the game we had went on so long!Would cover a pooping team mate again! 11/10
,Recommended,393380,31998372,Posted: 27 May,all,ʀ∅ɢʉε,"First off, great game.  The community is great, the players are helpful, and there are tons of servers that allow new players to get their feet wet. There are wikis, reddit forums, twitch streamers, youtube videos, and even more social networking platforms that allows users to communicate with community.  Best part is, the devs will hop in a couple of servers and play as well as talk to the community through Discord.  All in all, these devs are by far community oriented.Now, if you buy this game, be prepared to become alone.  If you have a boyfriend/girlfriend, break up with them because you will never see them as again.  If your married, go ahead and file for the divorce before your significant other does.  If you have kids, tell them your going to war.  This game will grab you and hold you.  4 hours will feel like 30 minutes with this game.  It makes you lose your mind when in the middle of a firefight.  Nothing is like hearing the ricochet of bullets raining on you just to hear mortars fly in on your location.100/10 would fight a war in my house, suffer through ptsd, and do it all over again in a few hours."
,Recommended,393380,33544686,Posted: 14 July,all,SgtGrover,"So far this is the best PVP War game in my opinion.  As a Sergeant in the Marine Corps, I recognize leadership, and I have found some young Squad Players who show some impressive leadership skills.  This is a Team Game, and poor leadership results in poor performance....obviously if the team members are crappy, that also results in crappy performance.  Though I have no problem leading in real world combat situations, I find myself having to learn how to follow orders again...because my lack of confidence/knowledge in this game leads me to be a poor leader.  I love the challenge! Kudos to the software writers!"
76561198187982333,Recommended,393380,28251588,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Kendo,"Incredible game unrivalled by anything else currently available in terms of realism.  I remain sceptical of early access games, but Squad is an exception -- the dedication by the developers is inspiring.  Updates come thick and fast bringing VAST improvements almost every month to a game that is already out-matching most AAA titles out there."
,Recommended,393380,26052759,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Cardell.Barkhorn,"Game is great, the community...Too badit's not very well optimised and(fixed in the latest update) the community is full of toxic and uncooperative players...(Just some notes: 1. If you cannot speak english, donotbe an SL, because then you will not be able to communicate and work together with the team.2. If your squad is unhappy with you as an SL, please give the SL Authority to a player you think would be a better SL than you.3. Stick with your squads people...)Still prefer Project RealityEDIT: Everytime I play with German people, I just love it. They are always friendly and cooperative (no, I amNOTbeing sarcastic. I actually found German players to be the nicest and best ones to play with in Squad)"
76561198029155314,Recommended,393380,28160634,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,VillageIdiot,"So I have a full day of this game under my belt so it's time for a review.This game is really well done with CQC and team/squad based gameplay and the community does not hesitate to help the game represent itself as what it was made for. Everyone pulls together as a squad and when ever you win or lose, everyone has enjoyed themselves.For those coming from other infantry simulators like ARMA, I would lay it down simply... Think of INVADE AND ANNEX missions when everyone is at the AO and it's now multiplayer. Pretty much that. Intense and really fun."
,Recommended,393380,28538522,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Jonathan,"Learned a lot of tactics in the army, I use it in this super friendly game.A lot of fun, always different experience, sometimes I meet awesome people and play brilliant games, sometimes I just have fun on my own lol defenitely worth buying right now especially for the price you cant say no."
,Recommended,393380,28902477,Posted: 1 January,all,ManuFaruk,Great game for team players. Has a friendly community.
,Recommended,393380,29308256,Posted: 16 January,all,Aniallator,"Probably time to write a review...If you're interested in teamwork, communication, coordination, and tactical gameplay mixed with good visuals (easily has the best explosion effects of any FPS), excellent sounds, smooth animations, and a swathe of game features and content from building a Forward Operating Base in whichever way you like (any combination of sandbags, HESCO barriers, razorwire, HMG bunkers, resupply points, etc... and many more to come in the future) to experiencing realistic equipment in the hands of real life factions like the US Army or an Eastern European militia.However, the real incentive should be knowing that the game is in pre-alpha, and that there's much, much more to come. There's a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of new features and content, on the drawing board and in development, that will eventually make an appearance in Squad. Everything from tanks and helicopters to the ability to drag the bodies of incapacitated teammates is planned (see the following link for a full list of confirmed features).https://www.reddit.com/r/joinsquad/comments/4xen2p/upcoming_features_a_list_of_whats_planned/My advice to the prospective buyer who's on edge about cashing in $40: monthly development recaps are posted at the end of each month on Squad's website(www.joinsquad.com). Read through a few previous recaps, and if you're feeling patient wait until the end of this month for the January recap, and get an idea of what's in development and what to expect in the near future. Right now, that's the Stryker APC for the US Army, a British faction, mortars for FOBs, and more.My only gripe right now is performance. The devs are well aware of it, and the last major update (V8) drastically increased performance. Focus on optimization and more performance updates in the future are to be expected. I have a mediocre/decent gaming laptop (GTX 960M, i7-4720, 16 GBs RAM), and run with basically everything maxed for 25-30 FPS. Conveniently enough, I am both a graphics ♥♥♥♥♥ and have low standards for framerates from many years of potato PCs, so while this may horrify you (I really don't understand the people whining that they have to have 60 FPS), it doesn't bother me in the slightest, and the game looks fantastic. I could lower my settings for 50-60 FPS and still have the game look great, but I'm a bit of a purist that way. So while performance is no no way whatsoever a gamebreaker, it could be (and will be) better. If you have an AMD, I would be especially careful about buying Squad if performance is a real worry, as AMDs don't do as well on Unreal engine (not a Squad issue, but an engine issue, and Unreal is looking into this).Anyway, that's my piece.*nudge* *nudge* Buildings FOBs is absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing awesome, I could fine a strategic position and spend the whole round setting up a superfob. It's awesome now, so just wait till mortars and other FOB deployables are implemented ;)Just so the reader is aware, the next update (V9) will probably come out around the latter half of February. One of the devs mentioned that it will be a content update, adding lots of new goodies, so if you're especially on edge you could always wait until then and see what gets added. Hint: Stryker APC."
,Recommended,393380,26540771,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,[RIP] A1onSo,If u got a great squad u definetly gonna like this game!10\10Cheers.
76561198010143386,Recommended,393380,26568675,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,GpS,"Great game, great devs, great community!"
,Recommended,393380,26573727,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Jambock,"I am a Project Reality veteran, now that i have played Squad i can say that it have a lot of the spirity of PR; it's not complete, it's ""too dificult"" for some players, it have a lot of bugs... Well guys it is in Alpha. Project reality (a full remake of the battlefield 2 game)  was build during an entire decade! And it still evolving even now, even with an + decage engine. This game probably will be the same, it is not a game that you will buy, play 150 hours and forget about it, this is a game to be played for years, every update bringing a fresh air and new things. Just see how much time i played BF2, all this time i was playing PR in  truth, and this is only the part that steam counted. Games like PR and Squad aren't only games, they are an experience, every match, every combat, is something new, unique; even if you already played the same map tons of times. Don't play this game with the mind of a COD or BF player; play this thinking "" I have to survive, and i have to help my friends to survive"", because every life matters in Squad. Your frag counting is nothing, your teamplay is everything."
76561198023853320,Recommended,393380,26607228,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Raigir,Incredibly excellent tactical simulation shoot.
,Recommended,393380,26684458,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Fake Reefer Boy,"Squad is easily on of the best shooters posted under the Mil-Sim category. Simple UI and game modes make for the game fun and enjoyable while the realism will immerse you to a whole new level, only preivously capable of being done in heavilly modded versions of games like Arma. Definitley worth the 40$.8/10 with Rice"
,Recommended,393380,31006121,Posted: 7 April,all,Johnny Drama,Since Patch 9.3 this game has really improved alot. Performance is just awesome. Running at 2160p with 40-60 fps on max settings with a 6700k + GTX 1070.  Love the new huge city map with 80 players. Good fun!  Definetly worth the money on 50% sale!
,Recommended,393380,31004232,Posted: 7 April,all,Beaudoin,Just Awesome!
76561198015897769,Recommended,393380,31003192,Posted: 7 April,all,Hotdog,i only bought the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ last week for full price!..great game tho !
,Recommended,393380,31054934,Posted: 9 April,all,[CN]Orange CN#1,"Casual♥♥♥♥♥♥talk in the humvee when suddenlypssssshhhhhhwwww""IT'S AN ARRPEEGEE""THOOOM2irl4me"
,Recommended,393380,31031482,Posted: 8 April,all,Tehh3,What are you doing reading this review?! Go and buy this game already!
76561198024509397,Recommended,393380,20877358,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Higgy,"I would recommend this if you like ARMA style games. It is, in my opinion, what Arma was trying to be (and it's only in Alpha!). It has smooth gameplay, although a little slow at the start of the round, but it requires a much different style of play to CoD or Battlefield. It is a very much objective oriented game that discourages lone-wolfing and encourages teamwork.Oh yer, and if you're going to play it use a mic, it is needed to communicate whats going on."
76561198006766299,Recommended,393380,26526851,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Destructo (Nor),"Brutal, unforgiving and difficult. Exactly what I look for in a ""Realistic"" Shooter game"
76561198005603381,Recommended,393380,26556627,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Mr. Kipling,"Fantastic Sound design, the weight of gunshots and explosions is impressive, plenty of depth. Graphics are good not anything revolutionary, still decent.Game play is gritty, realistic and at times nervewracking. Not fullon simulator (leaning towards this side of the spectrum however) not Arcade, 1 to the head 2 to the chest usually suffices.) its a nice inbetween point, similair to ARMA but easier to pick up i think, the recent addition of vehicles and pacing of patches/additional content is welcome.A Mic is really helpful however i have played plenty of games without it.Hope the content continues at pace and player base continues to grow."
76561198322341584,Recommended,393380,26581369,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,ShakeNBake,"Ok so I have been reading some of the negative reviews and decided to post a review myself.  First off I have to say this game is great.  It picks up where the other FPS's that used to be good left off. This game is in ALPHA so if you are writing a review because of bugs get over it. The game isn't even finished yet.  Their will be bugs. If you don't like that then do not download a game that is still in ALPHA. The teamwork can be amazing. I like how they have control over how many snipers their can be per squad so you don't end up with 25 snipers on one team. I honestly love everything about this game.  When I first downloaded it I had an issue where the game would not launch after the first time I played it. I found a work around and then the latest update came and it pretty much fixed the issue. Sometimes I have to go to my task manager to close it down initially, but other than that I have no issues.  The game is worth it. Buy it. You won't be dissapointed."
,Recommended,393380,20849756,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,[YA] Nathan,Project reality teamplay.
76561198015515530,Recommended,393380,23748696,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,KALU,"Great game, took me a little to get used the the realism compared to what I was used to. My best games have been with well organised squads. I can't put it down lately."
76561198051283317,Recommended,393380,23772308,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,brez,EPIC
76561197966656663,Recommended,393380,23869792,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,BOOMgoesTheRick,"Imagine a large scale version of Insurgency with a touch of ARMA...and you've got Squad.As an early access game, it does lack many features but very enjoyable nonetheless. The atmosphere and intensity of combat is very well done, the crackling sound of bullets and deafening loudness of grenades will make want to hide in a hole and cry. Following orders from your squad leader is a must, it's not an easy game to play, you'll need your squad mates.Graphic wise it's an upgrade from Insurgency but not quite as nice as ARMA. That said, you wont need an i7 to run the game.Overall, this online tactical shooter has great potential, and vehicles are coming in July so that should be a great addition."
,Recommended,393380,26407020,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,EL ELBOW,"This is only the humble beginning for Squad, having this first performance oriented patch being a major success, the road is open for additional content from the official dev team and there are already many mods awaiting on more of the games completion before the gates are open for them. New maps are being developed and the current ones are being revamped with each major release."
76561198096912663,Recommended,393380,26499386,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,{WEST}CPTmoonlight,Great game gets better every patch
76561198070414997,Recommended,393380,19893932,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,xTcR | Shiroto [IN-M],"I'll try to sum up this game in a few short stories:>Squad walking through the forest>Dead silent except for birds chirping and twigs snapping>Pull out pistol>Fire shot next to squadmates ear>The deafening shot echoes throughout the valley>He screams 'Contact!' in the mic and jumps in a ditch>Squad charging the hilltop>Under fire>Dive to the ground to take cover>Fall through the map>Squad pinned down on a road>Being a good leader, I throw smoke>Wonder where the smoke is>It was a grenade>Squad ends up at the respawn>Squad moving through the night>Crossing farmland to get to the objective>Encounter a wall>No mantle mechanic>Get stuck at the wall>Have to go back10.9/10 would fall through the map again"
,Recommended,393380,19922755,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Odd fella,"Having played about 6 games in total (1 hour long) I noticed that I've engaged the enemy about 10-20% of the time during each match. The rest of the time is spent hunkering down with the squad leader and the team prepping for the next objective, moving forward cautiously and looking for movement in the distance, setting up FOBS and defences in strategic locations and discussing all the possibilities and outcomes of what could happen in the next 30 seconds, every 30 seconds.When the squad I'm in starts opening fire, I get a buzz.You spend most of the game preparing for enemy engagements, most of the game is spent tensing yourself up and you experience a lot of anxiety. Then when you start engaging, it's almost like a relief.I love the gunshots in the distance when other teams are engaging and I especially love hearing the gunshots increase in intensity when all of the sudden our squad leader tells us that Bravo team needs assistance.Grenades make you jump and are loud enough, and their visual effects are strong enough, to momentarily stun you, especially if it wasn't expected. This moment of vulnerability can weaken even the strongest and most well-organised defence in a compound."
,Recommended,393380,19986633,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Frederick the Gr8,"Pros:- Emergent gameplay is phenomenal with a good squad/squad leader.- Very immersive when you are in the thick of it.- Doesn't take as long as other MilSims out there to get to the action (less walking, more shooting).Cons:- Currently broken for AMD CPUs.- Server browser barely functions, it will list all servers but it is stuck on filter by players mode, you can't select any other filter. The worst part is you can't join off friends, and there is no queueing system. It is incredibly hard to get all your friends in on one server."
76561198003055054,Recommended,393380,20028585,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Fr✽stTorpid,"its my favourite fps of all time now, along with bf2/2142/BC2/PR.such a good game ! the sounds, the teamplay, the maps, everything is so damn good!a MIC is seriously needed though. if you like extreme teamwork and extreme firefights in huge maps, get it. its worth every penny."
76561198060171209,Recommended,393380,19734737,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Kyle,Um...Wow this game is awesome!
76561198006125695,Recommended,393380,19761030,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,PointBlank,"Awesome team tactical simRequirments1. Good Squad leader essential2. Microphone ( Don't Join a Squad without one, the lives of your companions depend on this, period )3. Work together with other squads for the common goal.4. You will experiance best team tactical to Date.5. Aspire to lead and take  the role of SL.Highly recommend"
,Recommended,393380,19775356,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,King Aria,"Squad has good potential to become one of the best tactical shooters out there. The gunplay is on point and the teamwork fundamentals are there, but there is still something lacking.For one, the game is unoptimized in its current state. That's forgivable given its alpha status but optimization should be something that must be fixed. By optimization, I don't mean framerate issues as I've had none. However, the game's graphics seem to be a bit funky; on lowest settings, everything seems to be pixelated past a certain distance which makes seeing enemies from long distances a difficult task. I remember getting shot from a hill but I was unable to spot the people firing due to the pixelization.The game itself also lacks features in its current state. There are no vehicles which means traversing the map can be tedious and time-consuming. I'm not complaining as I'm all for realism but I wanted to let you know, the consumer, what you're getting with this version of the game.Teamwork is great. I love hearing my teammates organizing a plan of attack because it really immerses me into the game. Everyone seems to be mature which is good to know. The less-patient players seem to be very few in this game which makes it all the better. Of course, don't expect every squad to be well organized as there are, as in every game, d-bags who try to ruin the game for everyone. If you're matched with people publicly, expect the worst.Gunplay itself is wonderful. The guns sound amazing; they have the impact and crunch you'd expect from a gun. Bullets drop realistically and taking fire from weapons adds chromatic abrasion to your screen to simulate PTSD. You can switch from automatic to semi-automatic modes on your rifles.Long story short: if you like infantry-based combat with a heavy emphasis on teamwork, get this game. Be mindful that you may never fire your weapon before dying and that dying costs your team tickets (which, when it gets to 0, causes your team to lose). If you prefer an action-packed shooter, skip this title. Not much action to be had...yet.Rating for this alpha: 7/10. One of the better alphas out there, but not worth the $50 price tag in my opinion. Wait a year for the game's price to decrease as the dollar-per-hour rate of this game is not worth it just yet."
,Recommended,393380,20116884,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,xxxtohamyproxxx,"Lemme start with the fact that it is a bit OVER PRICED.Although I am making this review as a Positive, it really depends on the player himself. One round squad is very fun, and the next round, it is a mess. When it is at its best, is when everyone is working as a team and are communicating effectively. These moments are very cool to be a part of. On the other side of the coin, sometimes the gameplay can feel random, with people not working as a team, or the teams being unbalanced. I would call this a cautious purchase. It is very fun and unique for steam, but needs to be further developed for me to recommend this to EVERYONE. This being said, if you are a fan of the genre, and played Project Reality, or Tactical Battlefield for Arma 3, then I would say to go for it, as the price may increase, as time passes. It is also fun with friends. If you are not sure I would recommend waiting for a sale, or try out Project Reality (For free!).Video Review (Recomend for more detail)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mwXiWIsE7e8"
76561198046776494,Recommended,393380,20286831,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,TheMoonBear,"Games so good, didn't even know it was EA. 10/10You will not win without teamwork. Team with the best teamwork wins, simply put. If you're into that, this is the game for you hands down. But if you like COD you probably won't enjoy this.I don't really have any problems with this game to be honest, the only things I dislike are when I'm on a team with children that are expanding from COD.But once you get a good team with communication and the works this is in the top 5 best games I've ever played hands down."
76561198072705922,Recommended,393380,19721249,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Roastybeast,Great military sim and its only in alpha.
76561197973141998,Recommended,393380,19721307,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Devastation,"Do you remember that palm sweating, nerve racking, adrenaline rush, feeling that you use to get from a game back in the day? Well guess what, you're in for a treat because that is exactly how SQUAD makes you feel ! The last time I felt like that was back in BF2, because no other games ever gave me that long lost feeling... making you feel  like you're really in a war zone.SQUAD is all about working together as a whole ! Using teamwork, tactical strategy, a long with communications to defeat your enemies.  Without any of these things you will not surive !"
,Recommended,393380,19810290,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,PreferablyNot,10/10
,Recommended,393380,20226871,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,|TG| Peardog,"Wow...  For a former Project Reality player this is a breath of fresh air.  Where else can you spend a whole game digging a FOB..walls etc.., never firing a shot... and feel like you contributed to a big team win.    The Comms work well right now in Alpha.  The Gameplay depends on squad leaders..but is generally good.      Take the time to get use to the game play.. the general mechanics and get to know some good serious players..  and you will be rewarded now and in the future.Now what is needed is a fix on the server ""browser"" as it is pretty non-existant at this point.  Need Filters and Favorites enabled.  Then we have ourselves a better than AAA title! ...   Rock on folks.."
76561198056690511,Recommended,393380,26564921,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Comrade Maethor,"In my time playing the trial (however I will get it asap) I can explain Squad in a few words: ""What an experience"". Squad offers unique and diverse combat that current FPS's on the market today do not have, like its unreal ammount of realism, which is the games selling point if I'm not mistaken. And while it only has two gamemodes and a small array of maps, the game never ceases to give you the most intense gaming scenarios you've ever experienced. Of course, this game is not friendly to a younger audience, and you should probably steer your children or younger brother away from this game, as the intensity does get really insane and overwhelming sometimes. Moral of the story is that if you're looking for a hardcore game that can test your tactical inteligence then Squad is for you.P.S: I will warn you however, the game runs on community servers, not matchmaking. Lag is common, and I will admit that 80% of the servers are not even American, and that 98% of the servers will be full, which means you might not even be able to play the game until a spot frees up."
,Recommended,393380,19744589,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Pinishnogood,"I'm not going to go too in depth here, but Squad is THE MOST ENGAGING FPS I'VE EVER PLAYED...It's amazing!!  I can't believe this is in ""Early-Alpha"".  WHAT?!  I am a very seasoned gamer, and I can say that hands down this is the best realism you can find in any FPS out there.  If you enjoyed Arma, Project Reality, or just weren't feeling the arcade-like gameplay of games like Battlefield, you NEED to try this game.The firefights are INTENSE.  You feel fear when you are surrounded by an enemy in a compound, or are clearing said compound.The graphics and environment are great, and it really looks like the mud huts and poppy fields in the mountainous terrain in Afghanistan.Two thumbs WAY up!!! Don't make the mistake of doubting this game because it's in Alpha."
76561198090905255,Recommended,393380,19820131,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Shy Ronnie,"Great game, great fun, looking forward on how this game will be developed further."
,Recommended,393380,20509071,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,IshTX,"Excellent game, if you want a slow-paced, high intensity tactical shooter, here it is. Often you will be running around the map trying to get into a better position than your enemy, or maybe supporting your fellow teammates from rushing a compound.If you get shot at first, I hope you saw where those tracers are coming from...I hope you dont care about your accuracy stat...Dont ask for a medic when youre in the middle of a road...Be sure to go to controls and toggle crouch...Remember, friendly fire is a thing...Give a bearing if you see an enemy, not ""i see a dude over there""...Check your backblast if you are about to fire a rocket launcher...pls."
,Recommended,393380,20288326,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Choffy,Very good Game but the price is just too damn high
,Recommended,393380,26557641,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Mr Dakkyz,"Love this game, tatical and fun, with a good sqaud leader and squad mates.Cant wait to see what the game has to offer in future updates, new weapons, tanks, and other vehicles and maps.teamwork and mic are essential to win a match because its very slow paced, and you need all the information you can get on enemy postions to succeed.Graphics are good, but the sounds are amazing for the weapons.with my set up - i5 4690k gtx 970 - 8gb ram normally around 50-60fps on high, at any given point.Its still in alpha so this can always be improved."
,Recommended,393380,21013996,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,[FoH]Geandily,"I have an AMD processor and the game is playable for me, and I really like it!It's like a cross between WWIIOnline and Red Orchestra.  It's a ton of fun if you like slower paced shooters; this game has one of the most coordinated communities.  I've never actually seen entire squads work together like this outside of clan matches before, so check it out and work with your teammates :D"
,Recommended,393380,23654037,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,[BVAR] Quatsch,Best game since Project Reality. If you like teamwork you can't go wrong with Squad.
76561198049539281,Recommended,393380,32358862,Posted: 11 June,all,Bendy52,"I've got this game few months ago while it was on sale as i like such type of game and i was building a new PC.I played it today on the new PC and it didnt let me down.pro:Good graphic and on an I7 6700k @4.4 and GTX1070 its giving around 85-120 fps in full servers. on ultra settings.moving away from preformance part, the gameplay is what you'd excepct from such title.the weapon handling is good, so is the tanks and cars considring its an FPS game.Cons:It can be damn stupid if the server is full of casual people running at each others with no communication.Get it if you have a mid core PC and want a great tactical FPS."
,Recommended,393380,20823125,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Not_Simplicity,"In short, Squad provides an experience very similar to ARMA series without the convolution and tedium. The learning curve is much lower while still  keeping with the realistic themes of ARMA and Project Reality. The controls are intuitive and easy to learn. Squad medchanics and base building are fun and allow for a high amount of flexibility for various combat scenarios. From my observations on the subreddit and in-game, I can say that the devs are highly involved with the community. They play the game with us because they enjoy it and want to see it grow. There are a load of new features coming (vehicles, extra weapons and factions, new maps, etc.) This game is a definite buy for any mil-sim fps fan."
,Recommended,393380,23031876,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,ryguy,"If you're here to check reviews you are either justifying your purchase or genuinely concerned about spend $40 on another Early Access game. Well this review will strike both of them with my honest and brutal opinion from either standpoint.Justifying the Purchase / Should I really put 40$ down for this?Yes, this game is definitely worth it if your a fan of the Arma series or a Battlefield fan looking for something more intense and MilSim-(Military simulator)-like. If you want something fast-paced, close spawns or anything that requires little patience and thought,this game is not for you. But as I said, if you play Airsoft/Paintball, or just want a more realistic approach thats easier to learn than the rather confusing Arma tactics and keybindings, this is right on spot and for you. I'm not saying this isnt fast-paced either, it just takes some walking from Point-A to Point-B. The firefights you get with you and other squads are absolutely amazing and intense. I have gotten expierences with this than no other game than before. Now for some short reasons why this game is worth it in my opinion:Decent graphics (constantly improving and updating)Great communication from the developers, with large monthly updatesAmazing In-Game comms, with added realism (radio frequency noises built-in)Large, vast maps with great points to attack/defendThe squad and role system is well thought out and well equippedOnly negatives I can really see from playing so far is the decently high price point for an EA game, and the FPS issues and stuttering with AMD systems.WARNING: IF YOU HAVE AN AMD CARD/CPU, YOU WILL RUN INTO LOW FRAMERATES.With the current situation, I would avoid buying this game with AMD equipment. Its still pretty bad on nVidia systems as well, but fairs much better than the AMD side. For example I get around 50-60 on a 40 man server on a GTX 970 OC and i5 4690K. Most servers are populated towards 70 man, around that I get 30-40 frames.P.S. - I will update this review as the game evolves and possibly fixes some of the issues above or creates some new problems. Cheers."
76561198136104456,Recommended,393380,23643324,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Mr Sam,Great game as long as you stick with your squad and play your roll.Can't wait to see what future updates bring.Will be playing a lot more of this game.
,Recommended,393380,24423627,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Nik The Greek,"PTSD simulatorVEHICLES WILL BE COMING SOON *.*but the summer sale got a load of noobs in, i ve played a lot of Project Reality (about 300 hours) so i know what is up with squad as it is a PR clonewhen i mean a lot of noobs here is what it is that i mean:1. join a game find a nice squad2. listen to the squad leader giving non sense orders and then claiming he havent played squad leader ever before3. i pick sniper and clear the objective4. our team captures5. i try to destroy an enemy FOB behind our lines6. get kicked by the squad i was on so that our squad leader gets my class....7. would rather play with friends than strangers"
76561198061654896,Recommended,393380,20108005,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,ha_ha_u_ded,PTSD two minutes into my first game 10/10
,Recommended,393380,20409887,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Blackhawks,"+Great Team Play+Great Community At The Moment+Camoflauge Is Awesome, Move Slow and Crouched in the Knee High Wheat Fields/Flowers, or Prone in the Grass and Chances are you can Sneak up on the enemy.+Some Games Rely on you using bringing up the compass this one always has it on the bottom so its VERY easy for a new person when an enem is called out North South East West.As for cons there are very few bugs at the moment that i have noticed, if you dont have a mic id truely reccomend getting one for this cause its def a game to get one for.Most memorable moment was when i defending a position and my squad was dug in on a roof and i used my RPG and didnt realize the game had Back Blast on it and took out 2 guys from my own squad behind me from the Back Blast... lol."
,Recommended,393380,19768850,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,ArononymouS,"ListSlow, tactical, hard, dead, best comminity award 2015, teamwork, following/giving orders, can't see♥♥♥♥♥♥ huge map, bullet drop, squad kill,I like it!"
,Recommended,393380,22507931,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Smo Huffmister,"Do you want the complete opposite from CoD? Do you want something like ARMA III that actually works? This is it. Grab yourself a group of friends, at least 3, and brace yourselves."
,Recommended,393380,28505859,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,(QFFr) Typhoon,The best game i've ever played. Genuine quality.
76561198050824275,Recommended,393380,24751607,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Preparation H,"Summary:Squad is a FANTASTIC first person shooter that requires team cummunication and strategy along with super intense firefights.Communication:Talking to your team mates is very important in squad especially if you are the Squad leader. As the Squad leader, who of  course has to constantly talk to their Squad and to make sure that everyone knows whats going on and what objectives to hit next. Squad players do take this game seriously however that doesn't stop the constant banter I have with Squad mates and other players that are outside of my Squad. (As long as you don't be a♥♥♥♥♥♥everything will be fine.) Like I have wrote, talking with players in this game is very important. So if you are not willing to use your mic to communicate with Squad players whilst playing this game then I do not recommend this game to you.Firefights:There is never a minute in Squad where you are not in a firefight. Firefights don't just happen in one area of the map in Squad. They happen all over the place, with diffrent Squads trying to take objectives which will help give support to other friendly Squads. For example: A friendly squad might be pinned down in a village some where so your Squad decide to flank the enemy pinning your teamates. Your Squad does this by taking an hostile controlled objective which is at a high advantage point enabling you and your Squad to rain down onto the enemy pinning your teamates, therefore helping your teamates capture and secure the village. However your Squad comes under contact which leads to another intense firefight. Hopefully that example makes sense. Im not the best at giving examples.Server numbers:Server numbers at the moment range from 30 players up to 70+ players onto a server. The developers of Squad ""Offworld Industries"" hope to increase that number up to a 100 players in a single server. Which is great as the maps are huge in Squad and will make it more fun and action packed.Choosing your Class:(I will not explain what equipment comes for each class but will simply give a rough summary of their job in the Squad.) Everytime you join or create a Squad you get given an option with diffrent classes for you to play as. You have a Squad Leader, Medic, Riflemen, Sniper, Rocketman and support. Each class has a diffrent weapons and equipment. For example: Squad Leader has a rifle and a secondery, and riflemen only have a rifle. Of course its more than just that but hopefully you get the idea. As Squad Leader your job is.......well I have already wrote that so no need for me to write that again. A medic of course heals teammates that are in your Squad and outside of your Squad. A Rocketman has of course a rocket launcher and can cause heavy damage especially with vehicals now in the game but we will get to that. A sniper of course has a rifle that can shoot targets from a far distance without getting close to the firefight. Finally, support class has giant♥♥♥♥♥machine gun as your primary.Vehicles:Vehicles are at super early stages with this game. Not many vehicles have been added into the game yet. At the moment its just transport vehicles like Humvees ,transport tanks and trucks. Each country you play has will have there own unique vehicle. For example the US will have the classic Humvees as the russians will have the classic tansport truck. Im not sure the exact name for the russian truck.Country:Depending what server you picked you will either be playing as the Taliban, Russia or the US. At the moment there is only three country's you can play as and I am not sure if they will add more country's like the UK.Do I recommend this game?:Now finally, the moment the world has been waiting for me to write. If you like either Bf4, Arma, Counter Strike, Insurgency or any FPS shooter then YES! I would totally recommend this game. Pretty much this game is Arma but with a lot simplier controls, smaller maps, more firefights and at the moment less vehicles but that will change in the near future. Out of 10 I would rate this game 8/10 currently. Remember this game is still in early access so there is a lot of work to still be done. But so far with me only 4 hours into me playing Squad I can see this game has great potential and a great future ahead of it."
,Recommended,393380,21936280,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,ck-claw,Early Access? Plays like a full game! And this is just the start of things to come.....
76561198027522239,Recommended,393380,31854024,Posted: 19 May,all,Zagger,"The gunfire, the blood, the horror. This is war.My squad leader screaming at me in foreign languages, my friends dying left and right, the medics yelling for people to shut up. Me crying in dispear as the mortar shells rain down upon my building.This game makes the bravest man soil himself uncontrollably.And I'm okay with that..."
76561198050858107,Recommended,393380,20195712,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Yoyo (Aarno),"This is a fantastic game with momentous potential, and is currently already in a very enjoyable, playable and content rich state, much to my surprise for being an Early Access title.Gameplay can vary, as an experienced, well communicating Squad Leader is a must. Unfortunately, in the eve of the EA launch, many inexperienced people are taking the Squad Leader role often leading to a quickly fragemented, ineffective squad. However, once you are on board with an experienced SL, the bond often stays for multiple games, creating a cohesive group of friends by neccesity between you, your squad leader, and other squad members. Once you are part of a squad such as that, the game shines with its true beauty and potential, and is unlike anything I have played in the past.As such, I'm leaving with a postive review, as the community will only improve as more serious players stay and less serious ones leave. A mic is a must, otherwhise you become a liability to the squad. Communicate . Tell a joke to break the ice early. Be nice to your team, your squad, and everyone else. Respect is a must.Recommended guide for someone wanting to become a good squad leader:http://forums.joinsquad.com/topic/7386-squad-the-cheesy-tactical-guide/"
,Recommended,393380,20510483,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Tomas the Feel Engine,'Indie' title that has better servers than Ubisoft's games
,Recommended,393380,24100008,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Drewsko,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aM3ElTvF52Inew vehicle update
76561198068527938,Recommended,393380,25859385,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,ImLittleLoyal,"UPDATE 8 LOOKS AMAZING AND I GAINED 50 FPSMy Specs (simple)GTX 1060 6GBi5 - 4690k 3,5Ghz8Gb Ramaverage FPS on Ultra Graphics = 80. AMAZING"
,Recommended,393380,23739814,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Inso vroom vroom,"Best realistic military game yet. It's a good middle ground between Battlefield's arcady feeling and Arma stiffness.The teamplay via VOIP is AMAZING, you can meet a bunch of people roleplaying as russians or insurgents. You can meet people being VERY hardcore about strategies or you can be your own Squad Leader and do what you want and some people will follow you to hell !Squad doesn't feel like an Early Access game. There is content, patchs are frequent (both content and optimization). Don't let that stop you from buying it.If you want a fun Teamplay focused Military simulation, this game is 10/10. Seriously, buy it."
76561198163272034,Recommended,393380,22278790,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,GORDO,"The best MIL-SIM I have ever played, 95% of the people who play are playing the game are good team player's."
,Recommended,393380,19709111,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Citrus ツ,"Thought this game would be abit laggy but runs perfect.Launching the game the first time took 10seconds, now its taking 5minutes+ for some reason..."
76561198059244540,Recommended,393380,24269179,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Powdered_toast12,moving out with squad talking tactics and what not when 2 enemy grenadiers pop up and wipe the whole squad10/10 would get blown up againbut in all seriousness this game(with the right team)can be a very tactical and fun if youre into communcation and teamwork very much like ARMA
,Recommended,393380,22511766,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,xXZILETXx,Best war simulator 10/10
76561197965067948,Recommended,393380,31707387,Posted: 12 May,all,Stabby McStabStab,"ALPHA REVIEWSquad is a multiplayer shooter in which teamwork, communication, strategy, patience, and self-discipline matter much more than skill and twitch reflexes.The average match I've experienced is a 40 on 40 battle waged across a massive map.  Vehicles have to be strategically utilized and base building helps squads advance and support their positions as they push deeper into the combat area.Early on I saw several game mechanics as flawed, but quickly learned their purpose and benefits. The ticket system for scoring is one I grew to enjoy, in which deaths, lost vehicles, destroyed spawn points, etc. cost tickets. If your team runs out of tickets before the enemy, you lose the match. The other mechanic I disliked early on was the Squad Leader approval necessary to take vehicles. It all makes sense seeing there is a temptation to grab a techie and go rogue every once in a while.If you end up on a team in which squads don't strategize and communicate, you can be out of tickets in 30-45 minutes. If your team and the enemy team are both competent and determined, you can be battling down to that last ticket at the two hour mark.On the technical front, this game looks good, has incredible sound effects, great voice communication mechanics, and the explosions are terrifyingly gorgeous. Seeing a vehicle explode is quite a spectacle, and mortar strikes almost make you want to not take cover just so you can witness the beautiful plumes of debris and smoke.As an alpha, there are some hilarious glitches to reference. Numerous times I've watched the bodies from an exploded vehicle scatter wayyyy farther than they should (like launched a 1/2 mile into the air far), and seen a body take a .30 round and pinball off of terrain like a super ball. Vehicle physics can flip you over arbitrarily, but are pretty decent nonetheless.Overall, this is definite recommendation from me. A great semi-realistic mil-sim that produces tense firefights, humorous interactions, and satisfying gameplay.8/10 Squad leaders would lead again"
76561198027342835,Recommended,393380,26154474,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,salt.  Hippy Matador,"Solid game . Though still in alpha still has a few bumps to get over but it looks like the developers are all over it. Great tactical shooter with a bit more thought than your regular FPS. Grab a Mic and get involved in the team work, it definitely makes the game."
76561198067014224,Not Recommended,393380,24942880,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,crazyj500,If you have intel go ahead but if you use AMD dont buy. it completly unoptomized for AMD users
76561198118191297,Recommended,393380,20972453,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Pewa.exe [SRB],Game is awsome!!! And just getiing bether and bether! Fast devolopment and at this tempo going to be out of the alpha in no time. My recommendation buy while it's cheep! Worth ewry peny!
76561198145095156,Recommended,393380,19735942,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,HLampard,DONT BUY UNLESS YOU HAVE A GOOD PC..........
76561198062151166,Recommended,393380,19762316,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,123,"First 5 minutes of game, ran up to fellow goat ♥♥♥♥ers, whispered allahu akbar, they all looked at me...point gun to the sky and start screaming ALLAHU AKBAR while emptying their mag... Before the americunts headshotted me."
76561197960289679,Not Recommended,393380,20379627,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Paranoia-2MB,"This game has some promise, but it's going to be in a distant future.If you already have Arma 2 (Overwatch/Epoch) and Arma 3.  Then this game will just be a waste of 40$ for you.  It's pretty much the same thing, but in a currently worse state (Early Access, remember that.)There are several issues with the game itself running too as well that the devs are aware of and aren't currently fixable.  Luckily steam refund will have you covered on that if it does happen.Weapon selection is bare bones, people will trap you in a base somewhere usually, this is a game you almost must play with friends.  For some reason your guy puts his weapon to safe when putting away a weapon which is a joke.  Have these guys ever been in a deployed enviroment?  You never put any of your guns on safe when you're out on patrol or in an active warzone with enemies all around you.   *swap to pistol, puts M4 on safe and puts away, brings out pistol, disengages safe, ready to fire, you're already dead*Tool animations are way to long, IE: throwing grenades, smokes, weapon transitions, reloads.US side are supposed to be trained warriors, yet they aren't.  Just as bad as the middle eastern side.Other side though, the graphics are great, it feels fluid and as I said above, shows promise in the distant future.I do not recommend this game in it's current state.  I have already refunded it.  Overly hyped.  Arma 2 with all DLC is way cheaper (plus on♥♥♥♥♥ and has a huge modding community."
,Not Recommended,393380,29639145,Posted: 1 February,all,DesertedCake,"The developers focus on content than bug fixing. A $40 early access game, that itself should tell you it's too late to purchase. If you have AMD, don't bother as the performance is horrid."
,Not Recommended,393380,20859266,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Putin,"It has great potential, but dont buy it unti the game is finished."
76561198034138902,Not Recommended,393380,24784441,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,MrTrippy,"I keep trying to enjoy this game as the community and team play is really good. When you're in a fight you hear bullets and explosions going off every where around you, it really makes you feel like you're in the fight!!However, its rare that you will actually finish a game... Right when the battle is really getting interesting the server will crash or the game will stop working!Out of about 6-7 matches I've finished 1, and that only because it was nearly over when I joined. If they fix the server/game crashes ill happily change my review, but until its a No from me.."
,Not Recommended,393380,29347835,Posted: 18 January,all,Mamzir,DO NOT BUY IF YOU HAVE A AMD PROCESSOR
,Not Recommended,393380,31814435,Posted: 17 May,all,JayRob,"Enormous potential and on a path to something great.  Devs seem to work hard and update frequently.In the future it will be good, but in its current form I find it hard to recommend to new players.  It's one of those games you have to squeeze the fun out of.  You'll be spending the majority of the time playing a walking/running simulator.Many of the maps are very lobsided due to camo differences and equipment variance.  US having optics on the majority of their weapons for example, while going against irregulars using ironsights.The gunplay is also just extremely clunky/floaty due in large part to the lack of weapon resting.  Almost every firefight just feels bad, kills seem like luck and CQC is a cluster♥♥♥♥.  Movement is also super clunky and doesn't feel good.  I understand this is due to being ""true"" first person and the devs plan to eventually decouple the first person and third person animations, which may help.In the end there are some limited great experiences you can have if you're playing with a good squad, but the core gameplay loop is not satisfying.I'll update this review in the event any updates address these issues."
76561198253405042,Not Recommended,393380,31689065,Posted: 11 May,all,Patton,"DO NOT purchase if you are using an AMD FX anything processor. I am useing an 8730, the game won't use more than 40% of the CPU and runs at 22 fps with an Rx480. Really dispointing. Game is unplayable for me, which was an unfortuate waste of $45."
,Not Recommended,393380,20222892,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,PacesetterOG,"Uhhh... Wasn't this supposed to be free? Back in 2013 it was touted as such.Now thats great. I'm more then willing to pony up the cash to make sure a game gets what it needs and doesnt find itself at the bottom of the barrel with all the other F2P titles. Infested with micro transactions and hackers... Charge a few bucks to get more quality into the game. Understood...But ah! Then came the ""Early access"" formula soon after and dollar signs gleamed in developers eyes.Ten bucks? Sure! Twenty bucks? Sure!.. $40.00???? Laughable... Especially for the state that the ""game"" is in at the moment. You're not getting much. And if my gut is right, there won't be much coming in the future. It'll be yet another early access title that the devs spend all their time beating back bugs to keep the community happy, at the expense of content. All the while collecting their fat checks at the end of the week and still crying poverty.This has become the new formula for game development and capital success in the game industry.The game doesn't work on AMD cards. So don't even bother if you have any card from AMD.Now if I'm wrong and If these devs don't follow suit and screw everyone over like every other Early Access title out there, if they pull out all the stops with the small fortune theyve made thus far and manage to deliver an amazing game. Then maybe I'd say the asking price is worth it. However,  I'd say wait for that day to come before spending the ridiculous price of forty dollars for this.For the time being I recommend ""Insurgency"". The devs were'nt greedy and released the game back in January of 2014 with a price tag of $15.00 and continue to polish and update it on a weekly basis. Not to mention it goes on sale constantly, so its not rare to grab a copy for $4.00 on a holiday. Realism at a realistic price.So in closing, Keep an eye on Squad, it has potential. But, I am still one of those that feel that ""Early access"" has been abused and has now become the death of gaming as we know it. And with the game of averages showing that the majority of Early access titles are polished turds on a shingle.. No diamond in the rough will change my mind, and the minds of many. Let's hope that ""Squad"" is a diamond though."
,Not Recommended,393380,31072274,Posted: 10 April,all,Uncle Slim,"I wouldnt recommend this game to the average person. I would, however, recommend you buy this game if you're a BIG fan of fps and modern military simulation. Also, dont bother buying this game if you dont have a mic, or if you dont like using your mic.  HOWEVER, if you REALLY like fps and modern military sim., own a mic, and are perfectly fine using it to talk with complete strangers, then by all means this game is for you."
76561198178052906,Not Recommended,393380,22857429,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,stegosaurus,"would be a great game if the game wasnt blurry as ♥♥♥♥ and i was locked to 24 fps on all settings because i have an amd gpu, sorry cant recommend for amd cpu/gpu users"
76561198062054491,Recommended,393380,20512711,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Parabelliume,"Okay , u will understand this : MEDIC,MEDIC,I NEED A MEDIC ! ^_^"
76561197993425262,Recommended,393380,26547620,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Murdoc,One of the best games I've ever played.  I haven't gotten this into a game since I was a kid.
76561198067449181,Recommended,393380,20514048,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Brapierwit2 csgoroll.com,Basically ARMA with less content in its really early stages at the moment with a basis on Military warfare mostly at the moment where ARMA can have a bit more content and variety to play with.
76561197981422860,Recommended,393380,20751017,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Serlo,"A simply amazing realistic military shooter and the game isnt even close to being complete yet!    No buyers regret on this.   The designers really have it dialed in on how to make this kind of game.  Once they add all the features in, this will be the best mililtary shooter ever, and I say that sincerely and humbly.My first time in the game, and joining a squad, guys were running together calling out movement and contacts. We moved and fought together and did tactical enteries on buildings and setup defensive fortifications, suppressing fire etc etc and all these things as a Team, it was great!!The sound effects in this game are the best you will ever hear.  I've never heard  effects with this level of fidelity in over 20 years of PC gaming.If you love team play realism shooters. Get this game.   Dont want to early access?  No worries, just keep in on your radar and check back regularly, you wont regret it.10/10"
76561198066579931,Recommended,393380,21624341,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Dice,-From UK-Joined French server-Got promoted to squad leader without knowing much French-Lead the French to victory
76561198129333840,Recommended,393380,21396121,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,SMEGMA,"Very fun and game. if you want an Afghanistan war feeling than this would be for you. Very intense game, no crosshairs no hud to see the ammo in your mag, constantly looking around you. all in all you would have to play this game to experience this all this for yourself. GET IT GET IT GET IT"
76561198068978060,Recommended,393380,21311853,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Sean O Driscoll,"Hey guys, ronin from green mountain rangers here.This game is pretty good, although it doesnt truely fit my philosphy.not enough block 1s, cocaine, or benchmades.overall though, love droppin 40 mike mikes into yo facewould reccomend-ronin"
,Recommended,393380,21286932,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Witnessed,Fun game but you should wait to buy it until they add vehicles and logistics systems
76561198271202398,Recommended,393380,20562180,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Dr.Poop,"Squad is in my opinion a very well put together game! It is of course still in its most fundamental stages of development but I have high hopes for this game as they continue to improve and add on to its already great content. There is a huge learning curve that can be difficult to overcome, however since everyone is new to the game its understandable that some players would have a hard time adjusting or ever be a bit frustrated but dont let its learning curve deter you from improving your skills and enjoying the match. I myself really like where the game got its core concept, the constant communication with your squad and others is new and renewing to the gaming community in my own opinion. I am not bias, I mostly die all the time and im not very good, however i understant and enjoy what this game has to offer and like i said we are all noobs in one way or another. I will improve my play style and the game will be even better if i can stick with it. In conclusion its a great game with a huge learning curve that is completely different from COD or even battle field but thats the point and thats why this game is highly recomended. So dont get frustrated, dont be detered and dont be afraid to make a few mistakes along the way."
76561198061377093,Recommended,393380,20663047,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Trumpicus,"This game brings you a whole new generation of tactical play,you need to listen to you're squadleader and follow him unless he tells you to split up although I found one problem that people encounter and that is fps drops when speaking through to you're squad or friendlies around you."
76561197965367943,Recommended,393380,20668650,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,-NoID Dape7er,cross between arma and battlefield verry nice!
,Recommended,393380,20667050,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Crobeam,"The first time I started up squad I was in a state of excited apprehension. The concept of the game sounds absolutely fantastic; and as someone who had never played project reality, I had no idea what to expect.I spawned in on the USA side and quickly learned the buttons to speak to squad. The UI is fairly easy to work out: how to join a team, how to join a squad, where to spawn, what your role is etc. So anyway, I'm in the map now and start running toward my squad. Little do I know that I've spawned into the middle of a battle and bang I'm dead from an unknown enemy in an unknown position. ""Ok"" I think, this isn't as fast paced as I expected... Spawn in again, run over to my squad and die again. ""This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'm getting a refund"" I now think.Thank God I did not refund.After a bit of a learning curve, primarily because I'm totally new to games like this, I started to learn the tactics necessary behind the game. There are many! Once you become familiar with the game modes and the style of the game, its cracking fun. Playing the medic is satisfying getting your team mates up. Firing an RPG from a hilltop on an enemy base is exhilirating fun! The sounds in the game are amazing. The authenticity is really commendable. The more I play it, the more I enjoy it and I definitely recommend picking it up, even if the price point is a bit steep.Cons wise I can't fault it too much. Optics for the russian/non-USA guns would be very welcomed. More maps and game modes would equally be good, as well as perhaps more customisation allowed for the loadouts. For example, it would be great to have the option to take an extra nade instead of my pistol. I also have encountered a few bugs, but for an alpha its suprisingly stable. If your team or SL is♥♥♥♥♥♥ then you're in for a rough time of aimless wandering in a huge map.Overall I would recommend this game. It takes a while to get used to it, and it can be really frustrating sometimes when under fire from positions unknown or your SL is♥♥♥♥♥♥ But then when you have a good round, or an epic firefight it provides a satisfaction that not many other games can do. I look forward to the full release."
,Recommended,393380,23735361,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,PWNAMATRON,"Not your typical FPS, requires lots of coordination with your team but has an unmatched level of intensity. Definitely unique and not for everyone but great if you like teamwork based FPS"
76561197974793025,Recommended,393380,20488819,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,ivanbattlefield,"After having written a bad review because i couldn't even see any servers to join a game, I have found it's possible to join some servers and play all the way through the round succesfully by joining in from the online server list,(not in-game server list) just click on the IP adress of the server you want to join. Here's the link for that:http://squad.rocks/United%20StatesThe game does preserve the basic aspects of Project Reality for those who are familiar with the mod from Battlefield2. It emphasises team work (but you can also lone wolf behind enemy lines) and it has a slower pased, more realistic feel than your usual first-person shooter.Huge maps that I cannot wait to use vehicles on, and many more features such as building a bases to protect an area, complete with sand bags and razor wires, makes this game so awesome!Hunting for weapons caches as a US force or defending them as a insurgent is really ""fun"".It is in Alpha stage still so it has its bugs, it's not perfect, but  updates come out all the time and eveytime it makes the game better. Definitely recommended !!"
,Recommended,393380,20514336,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,W1sdoom,This Game is great but it does take about 30 minutes to know how to play. It is a good game if you want to play with no presure. Community is cool and dying is so realistic that no one is mad if you die. The fact that this is just early access is great because it is already a good game.I just hope there will be some actual progretion or something in this game because right now there is nothing to unlock or ranks to get so it makes the game feel a little meaningless.
76561198099041143,Recommended,393380,24009360,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Solid_Fire,"communitcaton and teamwork is the key to win in this game, so get a mic,join a squad,and enjoy...."
76561198089376715,Recommended,393380,20719565,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,MRGangstaFish,Probably the best fps in the last 4 years
,Recommended,393380,25007571,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,The Rad Baron,"Lined up a bad guy with my ACOG equipped M4, hit the♥♥♥♥♥ nothing happened. 10/10 recreation of a stoppage, intentional or not. Provided the same frustration of being in the real army."
76561198005335840,Recommended,393380,22275033,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,O G S0LD13R,great game but if you have amd cpu do not buy this game it laggs like crazy if you research this issue you will see for yourself i wasted 40 bucks on a game i can barely play. im running the fx 8350 with r9 390
76561198015935341,Recommended,393380,20922199,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,wa11ace,"Squad is a hardcore shooter and is definately worth your money!  You can play as squad leader, medic, light machine gunner, rifleman, grenadier or rpg'r.  This is a game that really requires that players work together.  Squad lives up to it's name there.  Squad leaders can coordinate defence or attacks with other squads or work on their own.  Best to work with others.  With the advent of vehichiles, the game is certainly even more realistic.  Combined arms and fast movement enhance the battlefield quiet a bit.  Squad leaders can place rally point's and forward operating base's.  As well as hesco's barbed wire and sandbags.  In other words, you can improve defences anywhere you want.  It's more of a simulation than most other shooters so if it's realism you want then this is your game.Also it should be noted that they are constantly updating Squad.  The dev's work very hard and soon they will impliment vehichles.In closing ... I denfinitley recommend buying Squad!!"
76561198135764222,Recommended,393380,26547758,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Holy Ghost,"This is one of my favorite games of all time. I've put 200 hours into it, and while that may not be much to some, it's my most played game on steam by a large margin. If you're a fan of Arma and other mil-sims, this game is for you."
,Recommended,393380,31087392,Posted: 11 April,all,Tactical Bacon,"Played about 10 hours so far and can say this is well worth the money, even in alpha. There are always people playing and the game performes well. Nearly all the players have mics and are willing to communicate and i have made many friends over the different games.However if your not a fan of teamwork or communicating this isnt the game for you as it relies heavily on communication between players. The game also can seem boring with points of waiting for the enemy, however once in the a fight its definitly worth the wait. This game is hard core, however very addicting with getting a kill is definitly very rewarding.So far pretty impressed with this game."
76561197966939279,Recommended,393380,19722542,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,HkSniper,"EDITED REVIEW!Months ago I reviewed this game and took a serious stab because of it's lack of optmization and a serious problem with the engine involving VOIP. Which would cause unbearable lag anytime someone spoke over Squad channel. At the time it made the game totally unplayable.I have been playing quite a bit the past couple of days upon seeing that the vehicle update is coming soon. So I gave Squad, hoping it has been updated and optimized during the course of the past few months, a second chance.I'm glad I did!I had promised to return when the game has been updated and I have fulfilled it. The game runs a whole lot better now. Squad VOIP still offers SOME lag at times when someone speaks but has largely been fixed and it seems to only be a more rare issue and occurs in brief moments. Largely however the problem is fixed and I have been able to play without problem.The gunplay mechanics are pretty good. My only gripe is how slow some of the animations area. I think they could afford to be slightly sped up. No to the point of COD style animations but just a little more sense of urgence. Especially shouldering the weapon to fire from the sights. But this is just a minor issue I have and does not put a big dent in my overall gameplay.Maps are large and expansive as well as detailed. You never know when you will run into an enemy squad constructing a FOB or on patrol in the countryside. Making combat truly dynamic. No map is ever played the same.Right now until the vehicle update is released be ready to do a whole lotta walkin'.Every squad I have joined in Squad has been communicative and extremely teamwork oriented. This makes the tactical game portion of myself giggle with glee. My first FPS's were tactical shooters - so I have a soft spot for them and heavily prefer them over the arcade ones. This whole package warms my heart when it comes to this style of gameplay.Right now, yes, I would recommend the game. It's worth checking out if you enjoy the tactical shooter premise. The vehicle update is due sometime this summer (I believe by the end of the month?) and will only add to this game! I look forward to it!OLD REVIEW:At this current time, this is a rather disasterous release.I was a big fan of PR on BF2 and seeing this is the same concept by the same individuals I was looking forward to this game release.At the moment, this game has some serious performance issues. Especially when someone uses VOIP. It is in serious need of optimization. You have no way to view the ping of the server and most players in the servers are above 150 ping. It's a lag fest in it's current form at the moment.I recommended holding on buying this until it has been updated. I shall update my review when this game reaches a more stable version. But I look forward for that day for sure."
76561198140722180,Recommended,393380,20711456,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Ebhar,This game is great but still needs more things like air strikes and artillery and a few more guns.
,Recommended,393380,20608047,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,[GNS] Drunk Shooter ( . Y . ),Can't wait until the finished product comes out.
,Recommended,393380,20620816,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Badger,"Currently in Alpha, it really is a good game especially for only being in alpha.  Guns fire realistically resulting in very satisfying spraydowns.  Best played in a full squad with comms or friends.  Spent $40 and I do not regret it so far.  Can't wait to see what future  updates have in store :)"
,Recommended,393380,20585216,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,berserkr,fckn sikkunt game mate love it
76561197975318163,Recommended,393380,20661392,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,MalleMellow,"I get flashbacks to Delta Force, Rainbow Six and bf 1942/2. Its easy to feel that the people who are devs on this, are from the era of the good bf games, only this is the core of good mil sim gameplay. Arma has nothing on this, nether have bf or any shooters out there.It has a steep learning curve, but you wanna get better, not beacause of ranking or customization, which btw is not present (huge+).Knowing basic offense and defense moves/tactics helps out, but most important is communication with squad, and being able to work with the squad.Easily the best mil sim ive ever tried, and its only alpha, amazing!You rarely meet anoying kids, since this game is not CoD, you get to avoid the worst from the internet. People in this game, wanna help out and all seem to have a positive mindset.Im so happy to finally be playing a game like this again, i am disapotinted with about the most of the fps out there atm, but this game put me right back in the enjoyment of pc teamwork/fps, it is EPIC!If you are above 30 and remember the realistic games from the early age of pc gaming, this is a must have!"
76561198078189238,Recommended,393380,20512700,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,JpT,"Not only a American foreign policy simulator, but a Vladmir Putin simulator as well!11/10 Best value on Steam."
76561198088867049,Recommended,393380,21240423,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,mcgeezacks,"It's ok, still needs some server stability love."
,Recommended,393380,21268166,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Halestorm,Best gun sounds in any game. Really immersive and you really feel like you're under fire!
76561198202769576,Recommended,393380,20566119,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Shoon,Overall this is the BEST military sim on the market. To be honest the $40 is worth it. You get a great experience. The combat is great. The squad mechanics are amazing! The in game voice chat is possibly the best I've ever experienced. The only gripe is that it is poorly optimized and lags on large servers (50+). I recommend you play on smaller servers around 40 below and you will get MUCH better performance. Other than that it is totally worth a buy.
76561198225023152,Recommended,393380,20678282,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,JOe ♠,best tactical game i ever played.
,Recommended,393380,20670616,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Shoeby,"Doesn't matter what the final product will be, I will rate this one of the best alphas I've ever played. But remember, they didn't name the game Squad for no reason; always work as a team. And if you want to see what Squad will look like in the future, look up Battlefield 2: Project Reality. The graphics are dumbed down to PS2 quality since it's a 2008 mod of a 2005 game, but it's still updated periodically and always has some full servers up."
76561197989952481,Recommended,393380,20688845,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Cups,Finally!  A game that makes me feel like a coward.
76561198163244183,Recommended,393380,26540751,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,LATS!!,"The game is really made for team play and communication way better than CS GO,COD,BATTLEFIELD and INSURIGENCY.Ipersonally recoment this game for every single player who likes to cooperate and be carefull when playing and good FOS game that could change youre way of thinking in combat game play. All 100% game made for tactics just loveing it. More difficult than any other game for first few hours but its worth it."
76561198173082951,Recommended,393380,25719233,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,NoIcePlease,Start of the game- got matched up with a pretty sick squadMiddle of the game- we built a super fobCloser to the end- did nothing because we built the fob too far southEnd of the game- get flamed for doing nothing while we say we were chilling10/10 would do againhonestly though it's kindof unstable but the experiences I've had with other people make up for it.
,Recommended,393380,25017797,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,iustitiacero,"fun team oriented game, gets constant updates and new content. currently much better optimized in v8. it's an alpha, it has bugs, it doesn't really crash anymore, don't expect it to be perfect, but it is very fun. :)"
76561198073178969,Recommended,393380,25073627,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Meme Machine,"If Battlefield 2: Bad Company and ARMA had a baby, this would be it.I will admit I initially refunded the game, as I went to the firing range and was sorely dissapointed. I reccomend you don't do this. After some deliberation I decided I was brash and should give the game another go. So after buying it again, I launched myself straight into a UK server.I was met with the best group of strangers I've ever played games with.People were keen to teach those who needed it, and commands were given clearly over squad chat. VoIP was a lot more chatty and fun, and really gave you the feel of soldiers chatting on the battlefield to keep up morale.The gun play is solid, although I still think more needs adding (fingers crossed for a UK faction with L85s), and the vehicles need work in my opinion, but I found they were barely used.In terms of the issues everyone is having with performance, I am running on epic settings (so max), with a GTX 970, i7 4790k, 16GB of RAM, and the game is loaded of a HDD, and I have to say I'm not having issues, but I appreciate others will with lower specs. The games particle effects are probably to blame for poor performance for some, they really are awesome and probably outshine the lack-luster texture work.EDIT: V8 Has fixed everythingAll in all I'm keen to keep playing, as long as they keep adding stuff for us to play with."
,Recommended,393380,23942688,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Chad,mad dope
76561198031814223,Recommended,393380,26961188,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TheVanquisher,"This game has brought me back to playing video games. I was about sick of the repetative must play to get better stuff in shooters. This game has a great public base, great communcation, and great ways of making you work as a team."
76561198052773973,Recommended,393380,27466660,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Hayter,"Ye, game of the year"
,Recommended,393380,27468948,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dr Ymath,"If you find a good group of friends to play with, or find the perfect server, this game is amazing. It's very heavly focused on teamplay, lone wolfing will get you killed and yelled at by vets. The game runs pretty well and the visuals are pretty great. Well worth full price."
76561198063649085,Recommended,393380,27476511,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DixbFloppin,"One of the best and most immersive tactical FPS games I have ever played. Admittedly it takes a lot of time getting used to the slow and tactical gameplay, talking to your squad mates and outmaneuvering your enemy, engaging them from sometimes hundreds of feet, like you would in RL combat. Especially for somebody like me, who started out playing CoD and Battlefield, being used to just running in guns blazing as a lonewolf, the gameplay proved to be challenging and frustrating to master. The game still has a lot of bugs and performance issues as well. But I can´t stop playing and loving this game because it encompasses everything I´ve been looking for without even knowing it. I definitely recommend buying into this if you love tactical shooters and communicating with your team to achieve victory."
,Recommended,393380,32091666,Posted: 31 May,all,mrwat,Tons of fun.
76561198026310992,Recommended,393380,32110336,Posted: 1 June,all,BirdisTheWord,"This is probably the best tactical FPS after Arma 3.Pros:•Realistic, but not to realistic.•Extremely fun with a good squad/team.•Fun to use weapons.•Awesome Explosions.•If you have a mic and talk to your team it is even more engaging, especially if you are SL.•Good graphics.•Brilliant sounds, from the engines to the explosions it sounds like you are there and fighting in a real battle.•Good, detailed landscapes.•Great feeling when you kill someone and the clunk of a grenade launcher.•Nice looking weapons and vehicles, detailed.Cons:•Very hard at the start, constant deaths and angry team members kicking you from squads.•Teamkillers.(Not the games fault)•Alot of servers, but most are either full or empty.•Annoyingly long spawn times. And spawnpoints are spread if there are no F.O.B's.Probably the first thing you'll hear is a grown man screaming 'ALLUH AKBAR' after he fires a rocket at a wall.This game gets better with every update, worth every penny.This is one of the best games i've played, Just Get It."
,Recommended,393380,31860071,Posted: 20 May,all,Tyrone,i can't hit♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10
,Recommended,393380,31579208,Posted: 6 May,all,Fredi Miler,its like Project Reality only on steam and better graphics. very nice i like
,Recommended,393380,31068561,Posted: 10 April,all,✯ Apoc ✯,Good game with amazing firefights.
,Recommended,393380,26528718,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Joesontv,Truely Amazing War Sim. 10/10
76561198038303999,Recommended,393380,20553254,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,NEMESES,Best tactical shooter out for tight group work fun and not hard to learn the gameplay. And lots of intense firefights
76561198126720249,Recommended,393380,31042921,Posted: 9 April,all,Lead Farmer,"Holy crap! machine gun in the window! LOOOOKK OUUTTTT! Really, really great game. Steep learning curve. Stick with it."
,Recommended,393380,31121537,Posted: 13 April,all,[GPF] Bloodbag,"This game is a faithful depiction of a common infantryman's day:Get driven somewhere, spend two hours walking, get shot or blown up by invisible people.If you are man enough to embrace the suck, you need this.Compared to Arma, this game is smaller in scale but also way more polished, accessible and optimized. All in all, I'd say this is a better game. If you're looking for an infantry centered milsim which is not Arma and has competent community, this is it.To top it off, it has the sweetest explosion effects I've ever seen in a videogame. Sad the environments aren't all that destructible."
76561197990466948,Recommended,393380,31131492,Posted: 14 April,all,Armandra,"SQUAD. The game that makes Insurgency feel like an arcade shooter. Honestly, if you liked Insurgency, Dayz (for the longs walks sometimes :o) ), and the gameplay of Battlefield, you'll love this game. You'll find it frustrating, exhilarating, and most of the time, lots of fun ! If you find yourself with a good Squad leader, it's gonna rocks. The real templay game. Never walk alone !"
76561198024336762,Recommended,393380,31532608,Posted: 3 May,all,JesseWoms,"this game is absolutely great, love everything about and i cant wait for it to develope completely."
76561198242877100,Recommended,393380,20585013,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,PabloEskyBrah,Had this game for just over a month been playing 40 hours a week. You just can't get enough
,Recommended,393380,31046228,Posted: 9 April,all,xx $pectre xx,"The game is so awesome!!! It is super realistic, but also easy to get into. My only gripe is that I have been having a problem with the preformence of the game. I have a XFX amd hd 7970 and a amd fx 4300 clocked at 3.8ghz, but a lowest settings it plays at a max of 26 fps? However, this is only when I play on actual servers, but when I go into the fireing range then it plays smoothly. I don't know how this is possible but if anyone knows what is wrong then I would greatly appreceate it if they would tell me."
,Recommended,393380,31117941,Posted: 13 April,all,TE | FluffyBastard,"Good game, if you are looking for a half-decent community that is active and interactive.Dont get mad at squadleading, there is always gonna be a blamegame at the end of the round"
76561198079386074,Recommended,393380,31646788,Posted: 9 May,all,[63e] MoonWolf,Even at the correct state it is alot of fun.. Epic moments you will have if you will buy the game and play it... Communication is decent and not complicated all.. Still missing some major bug fixes+add ons to the game itself.. nothing thought that make the game unplayable!Recommended!
76561197975242443,Recommended,393380,31656161,Posted: 9 May,all,JOHN RAMBO,"Squad is breath of fresh air in a time of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ call of duty cash grabs and a huge decline in the battlefield series. If youre looking for a hardcore realism game that isnt clunky like arma 3, this is what you want. The devs are always updating and making huge progress. I bought this when the alpha came out and they have impressed me with every patch since.Squad is not your friend, it will not baby you or give you an inch of forgiveness, when youre crawling in a poppy field with a hmg going off and mortars landing all around you, squadmates are yelling for a medic and all hell has broken loose you will realize this is an amazing game. I can't recommend it enough, and its only getting better as the patches come in."
,Recommended,393380,31632183,Posted: 8 May,all,Desert-Fox,"good game, even for early access it seems like a full release or late beta game. The Community is decent when you can find a server or have a bunch of friends in the same squad. It doesnt feel to Cluncky to play but some things do need to be fleshed out, Sound design is Fanastic, and can be used to your advantage very heavily. The maps are nice a big, and are very diverse, iw ould still like to see more Maps and maybe Factions in the Future. But for right now this game is worth the $40"
76561197972500331,Recommended,393380,26556091,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Romby,"A really nice tacical shooter. Slow gameplay with intense firefights, Vehicles that take more people to operate. Lots of design choices that helps build up teamwork (spawnsystem, communication and kits). No unlocks or customization of guns). Big maps with lots of different routes to action (a lot of room for flanking). Somewhere between BF/CoD and Arma. More tactical and communication than BF/CoD. Not as complicated as Arma (removed some of the boring design choices)"
,Recommended,393380,26960736,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,NG | Skittlez,amazing buy
,Recommended,393380,26969552,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JohnnyCanuck,"There are not enough adjectives to describe just how much fun this game is. If you enjoyed Project Reality for Battlefield you'll love this game made by the creators of Project Reality, although still in Alpha this game is pretty well polished and the updates are varily regular. In the near future they'll be adding in British Forces to add the current US, Russian, Insurgent and Militia groups.If you're looking for a shooter that isn't anything like COD or BF then this is it, buy it on sale buy at regular price sacrifice a goat to Moloch do whatever you need too just get the game, and have fun."
76561198268975994,Recommended,393380,26974521,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,IFAKinSuck,"Imma just do a quick pros and cons of this game for me at this time , its not all of them this game has alot to offer but alot to♥♥♥♥♥♥you off to.Pros.- Great dev team, this game has came along way since i bought it- The battles can go on for hours at times but not lose my intrest / get bored half way thru- A good squad can mean everything , Great game for people to play solo but even better with a squad of friends- Gun play feels nice and smooth unless you like to hold down the fire button ...- The sun set is amazing .Cons- Team killing is a Problem , Ive had games where a whole squad just tk and the admins did♥♥♥♥♥♥all for it.- Better server regulations , I find it messed up that i have to pay 45$ for this game and then another 20$ to some random that has a server unless i want to play on a server with 10 population , maybe 1+ vip slot not ♥♥♥♥ing 6-9- SCOPES , now i do understand from their point why they dont want to have some crazy scope that you can see half across the map with but come on i need the option to have a red dot or somthing without having to play a special role , which is most of the time taken-- for now thats all im mad about"
,Recommended,393380,26793634,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sir Scruffy Scrub Scrubington,Everything good from Arma 3 and other simulators similar made into this game! A microphone is certainly needed!
,Recommended,393380,27056301,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lannik,A solid near-sim that keeps progressing in a positive way.
76561197980961200,Recommended,393380,26985675,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,FartingDouche,"My favorite PR transferred to UE4, amazing game!"
76561198010284428,Recommended,393380,28522080,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,NotesFromUnderground,"Certainly the best/funnest shooter I've ever played, and possibly the best game period.It's a slow paced, tactical shooter, that will make you and your squad carefully consider your every move."
76561197962040196,Recommended,393380,26918605,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,franklawl,"I find it ridiculous to read negative reviews about an alpha missing features because it's an alpha. The game is intense, beautiful, and stimulating. The sounds are absolutely incredible, when an HMG is slinging lead at the enemy, grenade, rocket and small arms fire are exploding from all sides, the immersion is unrivaled. Sure, there are some things to be desired. Don't buy an alpha game then, wait until it's released. Those of us that appreciate what this game has already become are going to be hipsters once everyone realizes what an immersive, intense, fun experience this game is."
,Recommended,393380,26965060,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Root,"You don't need to have many hours on Squad to know it's a great game. I have around 2500 hours on Project Reality (made by these devs, their previous project Squad is based on) and it was just as fun.Hop into a match with your friends - pull squad lead and let the fun begin!SL2: ""You got room for 2 in there?""Me: ""We should. Just press E to hop in.""SL2: ""Hmmm...""Me: ""Wait you can only fit 4 people in this? Wtf...""SL2: *samurai voice* ""Ride into the wind my son! Make me proud!""Me: *samurai voice* ""Only a Shimada can control the dragon!"" *rides off to the first point*SL2: (Over Squad Lead Comms) ""DON'T FORGET THE LUBE!""10/10 Would buy again"
,Recommended,393380,27010158,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lord_Domin8r,great game
,Recommended,393380,26833097,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Dangler,"So I've not long played the game but I'll give my opinions so far.The game is very pretty, no way around that. The animation of players and of the playable person is fantastic. The game sounds like a AAA title, with the cracks of bullets passing you and the beefy sound of grenades exploding. So far, the community I have encountered have been very pleasent and willing to help the noobie! This games gameplay is intense, there's a strange satisfaction at getting the cover your behind shot at by four other players. My only problem is the game is quite clunky, think Arma style clunk. It can be rather annoying when the transition to prone to standing takes a wee while.I'd recommend this game to anyone who enjoys there online team military games!"
,Recommended,393380,26547192,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Tool8,There is a lot of great teamwork in this game even ob pubs. It's definitely still very early access but it's already great fun.
76561197977388548,Recommended,393380,26549044,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,OhMyCrazyMonkeyBalls,One of the best and most realistic first person shooter I have ever played. Lots of teamplay and each game is totally different thanks to the big open map.
,Recommended,393380,26559219,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,PilouK,Arma but less clumsy with better FPS
,Recommended,393380,27010400,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Daniel (Not Dan) | csgoroll.com,This game is like being drugs without the potential brain damaaaage!
,Recommended,393380,26541692,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Revelator,"Squad is a game where you will constantly move and communicate with people. Radio chatter will be filled with either people telling jokes or calling out the directions incoming contacts have been spotted. It's one of the best mil-sim games I've ever played next to Arma 2 heavily modded with ACE/ACRE. And it is exactly that, a milsim game. It's not a fast twitched based shooter. Firefights can last several minutes or several seconds."
76561198014430952,Recommended,393380,27007306,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SullDa,If you are into realistic military shooters then this is the game you are looking for. Great game with even better community. You'll definetly not regret buying this game. 10/10
76561198132314764,Recommended,393380,27012869,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Wraith,One of the best Tactical Shooters there is today. I have 321.4 hours on record for this game  but still get enough of it. If you're into ARMA and Project Reality Squad is for you.
,Recommended,393380,26926419,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,OL3,"> Play as muslims> Call your squad ISIS> Be squad leader> Force the anti-tank to yell ALLAHU AKBAR every time he's firing the rockets> Execute him in allahs name if he don't10/10On a more serious note. The game is really good and focuses on realistic large battles. It has a good squad leader/member system where the squadleaders make the crusial desitions, white the sqad members who can be more casual and new to the game just follow orders and shoot badguys/goodguys"
76561198203138825,Recommended,393380,31998435,Posted: 27 May,all,Volumekyum,No need to apply for the army if you have this game !!
,Recommended,393380,31061502,Posted: 10 April,all,Dan53s[☭Communist☭],"Squad is really great game, and it holds the line between being casual and overcomplicated simulator. Its has big maps with the size like in Battlefield games, very cool in feeling shooting mechanics like in insurgency and simulating and realism part from arma. It seems too obvious but great part of the game is the communication and team work. Even if you dont have any friends to play with, the game community is pretty nice and many people communicate and make plans within the game altough its recommend to have some friends playing this game. The sounds and animations are great and smooth. But also the game lacks some more content, there arent many gamemodes and maps but as this game is in early access and some more stuff will be added. So in overall if you like army simulators but the arma is too complicated, be sure to go for squad, the game is really fun and and has deep atmosphere being in the war!"
76561198256857548,Recommended,393380,31063920,Posted: 10 April,all,Father Pablo,"I dont write reviews on games but this one how could i not?It is AWESOME (excuse my poor use of capital letters) Honestly the most fun I have had in a while, yes it is in alpha and yes there is still alot left to be done but I really think the devs have done an amazing job on sqaud and I cant wait to see what they do next."
76561198256758921,Recommended,393380,23346037,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,matt mulvi,ok
,Recommended,393380,32144594,Posted: 2 June,all,Disabilitor,"Fantastic game as it is. You'll have a lot of bad games, but when you have the good games it makes all the bad ones worth it. There are so many epic moments to be had, and the game isn't even finished! Can't wait to see what's in store in the future. There are huge updates pretty much monthly, so you don't have to wait long for good updates! I can't comprehend how good this game is gonna be once it's done!"
76561198058197588,Recommended,393380,27683165,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,phil_mcmxcvi,"I purchased this game a while ago and never actually enjoyed the game until recently. A while ago, the game was perfotming utterly horrible and was boring hence the lack of vehicles and repetitive gameplay. The very small playerbase whas frustrating aswell. Recently, the things have turned for the better when Battleground Studios, the Developper of the Game, release the 0.8 version. It turned the game into something new and refreshing. Now, the Game performs really well with a strong Computer at least (constant 60 fps with v.sync). Now there are vehicles in the game that prevent the player from walking an eternity, plus it adds a whole new tactical aspect and so gameplay. The weapons, it's behaviour and looks are ultra realistic and the Teamplay is fantastic when you have a good Squad Leader. You are part of a Squad that has arange of supportive roles such as a riflemen, medic. anti-tank and so on. You must capture and defend strategic locations on a vast map that ranges from Afghanistan to Russia. If you are looking for a realistic tactical shooter that is unforgiving and challenging, Squad might just be the game for you. With an ever growing player base and regualar updates, this early-acces title offers great Teamplay and tactical manouvers and will keep you entertained for many hours to come.Pro:-Realistic Uniforms and Weapons-Very low damage resistence hence realistic-large maps taht offer room for tactical manoeuvers-cqc and long range firefights-vehicles-growing community-a dozen full servers almost 24 hours a day-teampay is importantcons:-early acces so a few bugs here and there-lack of content map wise-lack of content gamemode wise-relatively small community-very chaotic gameplay when you ahve an incompetent Squad"
76561198120775955,Recommended,393380,32185761,Posted: 4 June,all,Hangrath,"After 160 hours in this game I can say for sure that this game is amazing plain and simple. Squad is a lot of fun, it has some really great elements in this game that make it so much fun to play. For example the game allows you to lead a squad and tell your men what to do and communicate with other squad leaders to plan your attack and defense which can make the game feel so unique. I got this game last month and haven't been able to put it down, and because of the use of voice in this game being so important, I have been able to make some good friends that I play with on the regular now. This game does have some cons to it and I'll show them further down.-ProsThis game is a lot of fun when working together as a squad and team.The game looks beautiful, it has some of best looking maps I've ever seen.Being able to build things on the map, as a squad leader it is always fun to build a FOB, with MGs, sandbags, etc.Realism in this game is big for example if you get shot in the head you're done, you cannot be revived and have to wait to spawn back in.Vehicles are a lot of fun because they can help carry troops, support your advance/defence, and carry logistical supplies to your fob to build more things.There is still more to be added to this game the developers add more and more things to this game making it more and more fun.I can honestly keep going with pros about this game it is a lot of fun and you should try it for sure, but here are some cons.-ConsThis game can be demanding on some older pcs, which will really make your play experience suffer if you can't get decent fps.A really big thing that bothers me is that you can't mute people yet, an example is you kick someone from your squad for rudeness or something else, then they can start their own squad and just bombard the squad leaders command channel with mic spam.Some things are still broken like you may fall through the map in some places (almost never happens).you will fall through the map if you are revived after being killed in a vehicle.That is all the cons I can think of in this game, and those should be fixed later on in development, because guys this is still early access, it is not perfect yet but is almost to me.Overall I recommend getting this game if you want a realistic squad based game that rewards you based on how much you help your squad and team not just on how many people you can kill."
76561198005951561,Recommended,393380,32446607,Posted: 15 June,all,Dudley55,"Squad:This game is awesome! the firefights are insane and crazy. Playing with a Mic is required to be of any use in the games.In squad you can die very easy which makes it hard to play ""call of duty"" style. This game is meant to be played slow and carefully. As i was told growing up ""Slow is Smooth, Smooth is fast"" this concept applies to this game.I would recommend this game for anyone who wants to play a team orientated FPS realistic shooter.Thanks guys."
,Recommended,393380,28536277,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,|TG-Irr| Aufklarer,"The best team oriented FPS since its spiritual predecessor, the Battlefield 2 Project Reality Mod. The game isn't in full release but has complete gameplay with virtually no glitches. The community is small so it is sometimes difficult to find the cohesive players focused on team oriented gameplay between the hordes of people who pick it up and play it once, but if you find a server with good Squad Leaders and serious players you are in for some of the most tactical and immersive FPS gameplay you can find.I would recommend this game to anyone interested in Battlefield style gameplay with more cohesive and adaptive team play. YOU CAN LITERALLY BUILD SANDBAGS, GUN NESTS, SPAWN POINTS, AND BARBED WIRE with your team to fortify strategic positions. What isn't there to like?The developers are very involved and regularly releasing major updates with added, balanced, and improved content."
,Recommended,393380,20525159,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,THEY TOOK 'ER F.O.B's,"Fantastic mil-sim, obviously there's bugs and issues as to be expected in an early access title but compared to other early access titles this game is a diamond in the rough, the current content is great with only more planned, this game is going to be great once it gets fleshed out."
,Recommended,393380,21573635,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Stripoflex,Squad goals on point!On a real point great military sim. Brings BF:2 PR memories back
76561198046284872,Recommended,393380,32526411,Posted: 17 June,all,Soapspud,GREAT REALISM
76561198048281451,Recommended,393380,31148144,Posted: 14 April,all,T BOB 217,"Fun game. Teamwork is VERY important. Mostly a mature community. Medium paced game. Most importantly, lots of FUN!"
,Recommended,393380,32682785,Posted: 23 June,all,₯ | -  reNzy    •,"THIS IS THE BEST FPS EXPERIENCE I EVER HAD HAD ! Even more intense than Battlefield series !- Joined my first game , random squad , random people , everyone was so friendly with me !- Game started , i was in a 5 man scouting squad , went behind enemy lines , Squad Leader construted a F.OB so we can spawn behind enemy lines  .- Our Scout mined the roads and we waited for the enemy vehicles to come ,- Everyone hid in bushes , waiting...waiting... !!!! * ENGINE SOUNDS * !!! - 2 Humvees getting closer- SqdLead on radio : "" - Wait for ittttt....wait for itttttttttttt !!!  .... ENGAGE ENGAGE ! ""- My A.T squad mate fired this huge as RPG into the first humvee to blow it up ! Second Humvee stoped and 6 enemy guys jumped out !- Had the most intense firefight experienced in my gaming career !WOULD RECOMEND OVER EVERY OTHER TACTICAL SHOOTER EVER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,393380,32727973,Posted: 24 June,all,Streid,True military simulator.
,Recommended,393380,32692108,Posted: 23 June,all,ToffeeCrisp,"One of my favourite experiences with an early access game. Playing this game leaves you with PTSD, every bullet whizzing by your head gives you a palpable sense of fear. This game with a good/friendly squad is one of the best FPS experiences out there, every man counts."
76561197990525659,Recommended,393380,32698929,Posted: 23 June,all,Whiskey Throttle,"So far I have really enjoyed this game.   The requirement of communicating and coordinating can make it difficult to embarassing.  Although with the simplicity of everything else and general FPS mechanics and movements that are improving it does provide an advantage for those skilled players.  I am not one of those, so I eat dirt a lot.  But its a great game that has no real advancement yet, so given some balance of armament and map positions its a very fun game.  I sure hope they provide for a decent level of mod support."
,Recommended,393380,26563873,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,The Stoned Goon,has it's issues but that should not make people doubt just how great this game is.
76561197969457174,Recommended,393380,26563795,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Trux3d,Having a blast fun comunity playing the free weekend defenitly going to buy
,Recommended,393380,26560399,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,BisCu,"This game is a mil sim, its not easy, its brutally hard, if you expect that going in you'll find yourself enjoying the game a lot more. The game is still in alpha but even in its current stage of development its worth every penny."
76561198026787008,Recommended,393380,26560989,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,gnilebat,"Perfect mix of realism like in Arma and some arcade elements like in Battlefield. All in all this game has the potential to become the best shooter I ever played. The devs work hard and are extremely responsive and transparent. Performance got some heave improvement already and vehicles are not in such a distance future anymore! When vehicles get added and performance gets improved just a little its a perfect 5/7.EDIT: Vehicles added, and performance increased. The devs are awesome! Best tactical shooter ever.EDIT2: You will need some hours to get into it."
,Recommended,393380,26562888,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Diana of Themyscira,"Absolutely brilliant game, picked it up for the Free Weekend to try it out and I've got to say I'm not disappointed. The only problems I really encountered playing was the fact that about 75% of players were completely new and inexperienced (well I suppose I was too, but the problem was that those people didn't want to listen to the Sqaud Leader). Only other issue was that it was hard to find a server to play on, they were almost all full. Again, I'm assuming that was a result of the Free Weekend and probably wouldn't happen in the rest of the time.Game was very enjoyable otherwise, very nice graphics and a wholesome variety of weapons and roles to use. I'm seriously contemplating purchasing it to play after the Free Weekend, seeing as there's even a nice 50% discount going on."
76561198038085193,Recommended,393380,26560866,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,dinglenoob,Fun game.
76561198037345347,Recommended,393380,26542483,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Ab-Soul,10 out of ♥♥♥♥ing 10 Would bang.
,Recommended,393380,26560952,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Russ,"Fun game with friends, AMAZING sound quality! Definitely needs work, especially when driving, but that's why it's in Early Access."
,Recommended,393380,26542412,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Artic Loper,"If your fed up with how series like Battlefield have turned into CoD with bigger maps, this is the perfect cure."
,Recommended,393380,31018770,Posted: 8 April,all,JDMs15,",,"
,Recommended,393380,31019251,Posted: 8 April,all,-|TBG|- Zula,"Great game, steep learning curve but well worth it. if you are buying this looking for COD it's not, this is a millitary sim that sometimes require you to play slow to do great things, not always but sometimes you'll be a defender and if you have the mentality that you're helping the team you will enjoy this game a lot.not to say the game is boring by anymeans it's very adrenaline filled when you get into those momments, but keep in mind  it's not a 24/7 shooter game.50% shooter/50% teamwork and communication"
76561197977331343,Recommended,393380,20759526,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,HAVANTUS,You are all cowards.
76561198273493009,Recommended,393380,20768348,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,RoscoeSteele16,A very good cross between Battlefield 4 and Arma. Although I feel like there can definately be more customization and spawn options.
76561198032832583,Recommended,393380,20771854,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Dint,"Well what can I say. This game has teamwork and community. Sure some games go bad. But when they go good, then magic happens and you are sucked in."
76561197972521451,Recommended,393380,20772402,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Crashingwater,Communicate. Move. Kill. The best infantry combat sim I have ever played.
,Recommended,393380,26896852,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,tripst3r,"This game is awesome. Relies on teamwork and communication. Patience and stategy are rewarding when things go according to plan. I love the sounds and explosions, they never get old. Simplistic controls are very nice. Even though its early access its well worth the money. Its awesome to see the progress of the game and see all the changes that have been happening. 10/10"
76561198003106299,Recommended,393380,24801202,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,FullMetalJackson,"GREAT GAME, NO OTHER GAME HAS TEAMPLAY LIKE THIS."
76561198055863344,Recommended,393380,26559775,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,LionZ,"I got hooked on after one game. It is awesome even in this beta stage or whatever it is. Community is really nice and normal, got heaps of help from teammates . Teamwork is like... you can't play without it."
76561198255984061,Recommended,393380,31080113,Posted: 11 April,all,bookworm2156,Squad is the game where nearly everyone has a mic and uses it!It's a lot of fun with a good squad
,Recommended,393380,26969478,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TheAsianBoy,This game is very fun to play . It's better if you have friends to play with.
76561197968346801,Recommended,393380,27046346,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[REB]theButcher,"Best team based game out there,."
,Recommended,393380,27529164,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,h3d0n1St1k,Awesome
76561198011513450,Recommended,393380,27538585,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Exo,Squad has the best community out of all the games I have ever played.
,Recommended,393380,26564072,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Luzario,"What to say, the game is still in alpha and it is a niche game.But even taken that into consideration, i cannot recommend this game more to anyone who wants a game that finally puts you into semi-realistic shoes without being shy to cut some corners to keep it a game.It forces you to cooperate, it forces you to communicate, it forces you to play smart and to stay vigilant and it never gets boring.If you want to play a game that does all that and still stays ""a game"", than Squad is for you!"
76561198157654069,Recommended,393380,22110341,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,RealCitrusPanda,"The game very realistic and has a very nice communites, infact one of the nicest communites ive ever joined before. The game looks good and it feels good as well; i only reccomendation to improve squad is to introduce a vaulting mechanic into the game so you can vault over walls instead of having to jump crouch!9/10 a very positive review!"
,Recommended,393380,26548880,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Malichos,"I picked up this game during the free to play weekend and 50% off sale. I am very pleased with my investment to the extent that I will write a review for those wondering if it's worth the full price.Pros:- Great mix of Arma, Insurgency and Americas Army. If you are familiar with these titles you will thrive and learn easy.- Teamplay is a must, going lone wolf you will only fail and accomplish literally nothing. This is the best part of the game in my opinion. Having a mic is essential and the in game voice is very clear and well done.- Maps are a good size, though the graphics aren't spectacular but they serve well enough to deliver eye candy at times.- Runs smooth, doesn't have too many bugs for an alpha and seems to be delivering content often.- Easy to pickup as a newb if you have previous experience with the aforementioned games.- Combat is fun, there could be better iron sights and scopes but they are serviceable.Cons:- The vehicles drive awkward, views are also obstructed and if you don't know the map like the back of your hand you need to constantly reference the map.- In terms of the map, it can get annoying to keep having to use it since theres no mini map, but that's ok too. I just wish there was some icons that would appear as reference points on your compass when your squad leader doesn't create any. (like objectives) The map itself takes up about half the screen so having to constantly have it up takes a bit away from gameplay.- Squad leaders dictate your ability to get a vehicle, while the premise I understand it's annoying to wait for someone to give you permission to get a vehicle to accomplish a task. Again, I understand why it's there so I respect that but it's just a pain.- Night maps aren't fun as there is no night vision. Really no excuse, because it's not immersive. Military forces would have night vision and if realism is a focus than NVG should be in the game.- The maps are ok, some are nice but most are relatively bland. Landmarks are lacking, compounds on the desert maps are lackluster and feel very sparse in terms of the city feel you are supposed to get from it.- There are things that games like Arma deliver better in terms of visuals and realism, but this has a lot to offer for a good price. In my opinion it's worth picking up as long as content continues to come out often."
76561198027121879,Recommended,393380,27017121,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Benerfe,"This game really is the ultimate military simulator type game with strong teamwork elements required. Let me give you my first impressions of my very first game of Squad. (running simulator days) *no vehicles*I can tell you how the game first feels as you play (for the most part) and when you join a Squad the first time.First you hear other people communicating to each other and moving together as one. You started off at main base trotting down to the first capturable point, I was just some lone insurgent type rebel with my AK and was wondering when the shooting would begin little did I know; I was in for it. We were finally in the middle of the map and I hear someone in Squad comms, ""DOWN THE STREET CONTACT!""Wait wut, I get down and aim down the crummy AK sights I spot an enemy looks to be a guy in an addidas tracksuit wut, he has ak too? So is he an enemy? I pour a whole mag into him not knowing about ammo conservation, hes down. Damn what server puts two factions against each other with both the same type of weapons oh thats right Squad. I was immersed with ""wow now I can't distinct if it is enemy or ally"" anyways, I get killed and our Squad leader was killed and did not put down a rally point. (a temporary spawn point for your squad only)So this server had the Militia faction and the Insurgent faction fighting against each other if you did not figure that out.But to make things short, this game is slowly coming to the light, with more vehicles coming I can name a few as of now Hummvees, BTRS, Technicals-ROCKET TECHNICALS (Literally Pickup trucks with rocket arty on them) Various accurate transport and logistic trucks. The maps are large and you never now if an enemy waits for you down that hallway or that window.Buy this game if you like to experience what I have."
76561198061008039,Recommended,393380,26879029,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Luiswar201,"♥♥♥♥ing awesome, just buy it"
,Recommended,393380,27671487,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,SynTeK,"I bought this game thinking that I wanted to play a ""Large Scale Milsim"" type of game sort of like ARMA 3. This game really does have a lot of features that a good milsim should have, but has more milsim aspects than ARMA 3. When I first got it a week ago, the game wasn't very optimized, but I went on the internet and found some ways to get a little more FPS. (It is hard to get above 60 FPS right now, unless you have a beast pc. Around 50 FPS was still a somewhat smooth experience.)*** I got this game thinking it was a toxic community. I was very surprised about how almost everyone is willing to work together, make a team and has a mic. IF YOU ARE NOT WILLING TO COMMUNICATE or work with other people on your squad sometimes, DO NOT PURCHASE THIS GAME.***Honestly though, this game has a lot of potential and should be getting a lot of optimization tweaks and stuff like that to make it better in the future. Let me know if you have any questions about how it works etc."
,Recommended,393380,27678327,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Vercetti,"I realy like this game, has a good atmosphere, looks good. The only problem can be when you get into a team which is not realy good. Then you just run around and die. But when you get into a good team, that is realy a fantastic half an hour or so."
,Recommended,393380,26556025,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,C0ldDemon,"An awesome game that i found to be very enjoyable, if you like arma 3 and battlefield games then you will probably like this game a lot."
76561197977010287,Recommended,393380,27559184,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,4breakfast,"I read somewhere 'Kids play Battlefield, guys play Call of Duty, men play Arma'.Squad fits into the latter. It's somewhere between insurgency and arma 3 for realism and gameplay and in my opinion has the best gunplay of all of them(insurgency is a close second in gunplay). It's also the best teamwork oriented game on the market and possibly has the best detail of all of them as well. The 'factions' are true to their country and archetype as far as arms, appearance and vehicles available. The best part? It's 1980/90's tech, everything is manual aim and everything requires skill and thought to use.Nothing about the game is 'arcade'. You move slowly, you reload slowly, revive slowly, change guns slowly - you're required in a gunfight to get cover or die and use teamwork or die. Best part of that is it's simple, not easy, but simple. I won't be surprised when this game becomes the finest tactical military sim on the market eventually, if it isn't already."
,Recommended,393380,26559423,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,[DA] Dream K|ll3r,"This game is basically Arma III if it impregnates Insurgency. If you want the openness feeling that Arma III gives, but doesn't want to mess around to optimize (FPS) your experience, play Squad. If you want the instant action (not really instant, but you WILL encounter many firefights in a match) that Insurgency delivers, play Squad. No, this is not a Call of Duty or Battlefield-esque game. There are no kill streaks, twitch killing, or any other fast-paced actions. This game is simply realistic. You guys wanna know how realistic it is? Google or search this tagline in YouTube: Combat Footage. What do those videos have in common? There's teamwork and coordination, people are ALWAYS behind cover, you actually ""do not"" see the person a squad is shooting at, and people always take their time to think and on how they are going to approach the situation.This is a must buy if you want to immense yourself on real-world combat. I actually bought the game a second time, the first time I played it, it was a ""meh"" for me so I got a refund. Months later, I got the urge to play games like Arma III and Insurgency, but eh, let's re-buy Squad again. I never went back refunding it because the game is simply wowtastic for its current state."
,Recommended,393380,26550205,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Telephone,"Squad rides a fine line between realism and action. And in short, it does an incredible job.A very simple comparison you could make is that its in-between ARMA and Insurgency but is its entirely own thing.The combat and gameplay is on another level compared to both of thos games tho. Its a lot more fluid and being shot at really gets the adrenaline pumping unlike ARMA and Insurgency. But don't get me wrong I love ARMA/Insurgency and have put nearly 2000 hours between them but when you get a whole squad communicating and really shaping the outcome of a  battle, its an unreal experience.I'll be playing this game for years to come and I hope you'll join me.Peace!"
,Recommended,393380,27530519,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Deer Juice,"A true team oriented game where success comes from how well your squad communicates and coordinates. As a squad you will have choices to make; usually done by your squad leader. Choices like flank an enemy position or build a small fortification to hold a capture point. Pop smoke to move out of harm's way, or use it to have medics revive the wounded while you provide additional cover. The game has about an hour or so learning curve since it isn’t like most shooters. You rarely ever run and gun. You will need a revive after two or three hits on average. It can be difficult to differentiate between friend or foe on some maps. Most of the community is welcoming and wants to have fun. I’ve had some of the most fun playing this game even when my side loses the battle and will jump into the same squad the following match. The game mixes military sims and fun FPS mechanics to make a uniquely fun military shooter."
,Recommended,393380,26548830,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Slowpain,Great game. This game is going to be my a favorite game for a long time.
76561198087858160,Recommended,393380,26549685,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Ducky,"Still a work in progress as it's still in it's testing stage but it is already as good as other AAA titles. If you're looking for a fun immmersive game this is it. It's unlike other shooters in that the community focueses heavily on teamwork and coordination. If you aren't a team player and would rather be a lone wolf you can do that but better to do so without being in a squad as your squad will usually demand participation. With that said, the community is also very open to new players and is always willing to help out and make the game exciting. If you like team based games that are closer to simulators vs classic arcade FPS give this a shot. If you are looking for a COD or Battlefield replacement this is not it as it does not have any of the unrealistic hit markers, mini map radars, etc found in those titles."
,Recommended,393380,31069013,Posted: 10 April,all,KSI Montagez,10/10 Finally added a queue
,Recommended,393380,31368461,Posted: 25 April,all,crimsonscar07,"One of the best tactical simulation shooters I've ever played. Still has bugs, but it is still in alpha, and its come a long way from where it was. Beautiful graphics, and sound keeps it immersive and fun and challenging all at the same time. I hope you enjoy! Also this is a game about teamwork, bring a microphone to talk to your squad mates."
,Recommended,393380,31388555,Posted: 26 April,all,VidEDa,"Overall, good game. Not a common FPS which in this game the key is to communicate"
76561197991784249,Recommended,393380,31367836,Posted: 25 April,all,American Plus,Challenging FPS that rewards teamwork.  Very fun.
76561197980906511,Recommended,393380,31421003,Posted: 28 April,all,shiftydave,An early access game where I'd be happy if they released it as is.The best FPS military sim out therePerfect 10/10
,Recommended,393380,32657856,Posted: 22 June,all,BrokenBootStrap,a game where all your enemies shoot you and you have no clue where the hell they are.
76561198007937646,Recommended,393380,32625434,Posted: 21 June,all,Agent Cooper,A damn fine cup of coffee.
,Recommended,393380,32868576,Posted: 27 June,all,Demitry,Really fun
,Recommended,393380,32869533,Posted: 27 June,all,steven+,"Fun game. Always getting better and better. I enjoy people screaming ""Medic!!"" in pure agony!"
,Recommended,393380,32873053,Posted: 27 June,all,Sypha Belnades,"A refreshing experience in terms of modern military shooters. Whether it's light infantry assaults or combined arms with vehicles, the game is pretty satisfying and intense."
76561198142740994,Recommended,393380,27452103,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,[CoG] CANNON,potatoes need help lol but favorite game currently
76561198094221837,Recommended,393380,32910750,Posted: 27 June,all,Eevee,joined a squadsquad leader yelling at uswe are doing well but another squad isn'tyells at us for other squads mistakeslosing the gamesquad leader apologizes for yelling saying he has problemsstarts being nice to usgame ends in 30 secsgoes to a teammate and yells ♥♥♥♥ itkills teammateturns out to be an admin of the serverban 10/10 would get yelled at again by that man
,Recommended,393380,32627239,Posted: 21 June,all,MinuteGinger,good game
,Recommended,393380,26551135,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Frito Burrito,"I starting playing this game right after it was released in the steam store knowing that it was still in alpha, and at 40 bucks it was a leap of faith. I have played other games in development and have been sadly disappointed. I was a regular player of Red Orchestra 2 and wanted to play something more modern. I'm not going to lie about my first days in squad; early development was a wreck in this game. That being said, one thing that caught my interest was the fact that the developers released updates to the game with great regularity. Things got better at a pace that was so regular that you would almost forget that they had been so bad before. I ended up checking out their subreddit at /r/joinsquad and one thing that I noticed was the fact that not only were the developers communicating with the players, but they were also incorporating things into the game that were community suggestions. All of these things kept me going with this game.I don't have a lot of time to play games. I have a full time job and a family. When I do have time to play games I want something that will engage me. This game is my sweet release. My time in this game has lead to real world things happening. I am a better leader. I am a better listener now. I am always thinking two steps ahead. This is not exaggeration. I am a better person after playing squad.This game is something very special but you must always remember that it isn't exactly done yet. It is not for everyone. I repeat, this game is not a game for everyone. You have to be into the genre. But if you're into milsim or realism fps, this game is waiting for you. The community is amazing. You have friends that you've never met that need your help capturing the point right now.For me this game is a giant thumbs up. Buy it!"
,Recommended,393380,26550490,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,kiwi,"As a long time BF and COD player I was disappointed with the lake of team play and tactics in modern shooters. Squad carves out its niche as an accessible but tactical, team oriented FPS which is highly playable in its alpha state. The game support modding (long promised in other BF titles) and has a transparent and active development community.Playing Squad is different from other games - firstly you need a mic because communication is everything. Secondly, the emersion is like no other game I've ever played. Finally the community is typically helpful and committed.If you're looking for an intelligent and well thought out tactical FPS then look no further than Squad. I'm 500 hours in right now and I can't see this stopping for a long time."
76561198028015887,Recommended,393380,26550704,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,the big jabungy,"Very fun, TACTICAL, game. It's like ARMA without the clunkiness."
,Recommended,393380,26550818,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Marlon,♥♥♥♥ing awesome game. Can't wait to see what it becomes
,Recommended,393380,26550768,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Tony12w09,"Efficient graphics. I have high frame rates and the scenes are smooth. I don't notice anything choppy.Beautiful graphics. The trees, vegetation, and landscape look detailed. The soldiers and weapons look authentic.Tactical. We have to plan our moves. We need to communicate. We need to gather intelligence and reconnaissance information. Room clearing is almost like S.W.A.T.Should there be further improvements? I wonder if more vehicles, traps, and weapons could be added. It would be nice to see innocent civilians. The vehicle physics feel awkward and unreal. The buildings aren't destructible like real-life. I want ninja assassins, some primitive way to protect the homeland. I think IED explosives should be very common, but I don't see any. I couldn't find any undercover insurgents. I should be able to drive a long-range rocket vehicle. There are light sticks attached to the vest, but I can't use them. I want to send drones to surveil the area.Still, I give this simulator a score of 99/100."
,Recommended,393380,26550835,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Steven Gritsky,im not normally one to side with devs for a game but these guys are an exception. they listen to the community and pump out updates steadily. the game itself is prety good theres times where its very fast paced from inside a house returning fire across a field to running a km to get to the obbjective with my squad. team work is a must if you want to go anywhere in this game
76561198025442599,Recommended,393380,26550757,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,ACrzyRussian,Strategic shooter with excellent gameplay. Its still in alpha so it has some bugs but overall its a very enjoyable game!
76561198061711129,Recommended,393380,27500862,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sir Fed,"Possibly one of the best tactical shooters out there. Even though it's still in alpha it works well and does not crash often. The developers seem very dedicated and it's unlikely they will abandon this project. The comunity is very rich and welcoming, but make sure to at least read up on the game before starting as it may be a bit daunting at first.Yes, you will have PTSD after playing this game."
,Recommended,393380,32567745,Posted: 19 June,all,Jordan Daniels,"The game is worth the price, and has an active dev team could not ask for more."
,Recommended,393380,32815725,Posted: 26 June,all,STG | Pizzano Bambino,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazingPROS:-Amazing actual gameplay and community (9/10 people have a mic and use it)-Realistic squad tactics and firefighting-Incredible and downright terrifying sound design-Best MilSim game since ArmA 2 (probably better in some aspects)CONS:-Small(ish) community. There's probably only 3 to 5 full servers at any given time. This is more than enough to have a great time-Long wait times between matches-Limited kit options (however this is largely realistic)-Driving feels clunky at timesAll in all this game is a ♥♥♥♥ing blast. You will make friends and memories. There's nothing cooler than getting the drop on an enemy base and killing 8 or 9 of them just because everyone took the time to talk it out and go for a flank instead of rushing in. This game feels incredibly ""alive"" for a mulitplayer game. Radio and proximity based chat means you don't hear everyone all the time, but when you run past an ally squad it's really cool to be able to overhear them talking to eachother and trying to solve a problem of their own together. I'd give this game an 8/10 and I'm gonna be playing the ♥♥♥♥ out of it."
,Recommended,393380,32849913,Posted: 27 June,all,Chuff,Squad är ett fantastiskt militärt taktikspel som simulerar hur våra soldater kämpade för vår frihet.♥♥♥♥♥♥är en bra sak.
,Recommended,393380,32833531,Posted: 26 June,all,Kozy,So when you use squad chat there is a beeping noise when you press the key... I think things got a bit out of hand when our whole squad chat consisted of obnoxious beeping. 10/10 would squad again.
76561198139046077,Recommended,393380,32823547,Posted: 26 June,all,Ghostlyhobbit,Feels a little bit like Battlefield but much more tactical and less of an arcade feel. This game is fairly demanding but apart from that it seems pretty good. I would give it 8/10 at the moment.
,Recommended,393380,32822692,Posted: 26 June,all,Vladimir Putin,"> In a chinese server because SEA> Played a match as a medic> Nobody speaks english, can't understand♥♥♥♥♥♥> ""I can't speak chinese"" i said> They just said ""I love you"" whenever i speak, that's the only word they understand apparently> I did my job as a medic, being very good at it> We won the match> Now they speak ""I love you"" in a more sincere tone10/10 would help the chinese again"
,Recommended,393380,32469057,Posted: 16 June,all,cauleyy,"Great game, very realistic and amazing graphics. the only things i dont like about this game are that if your player jumps even 4ft down, you lose like 20 health. Also i dont like how a little palm tree can completely stop a humvee or a BTR in its tracks. Other than that Squad is a great game"
,Recommended,393380,32903118,Posted: 27 June,all,Perry_1997,Great game. Everyone works together because if you don't you lose.  It is expected that you have a mic and communicate. There is a problem with the maps being too big to move around on if you dont have access to vehicals  which happens often. Really good game overall. I just hope the developer keeps making it better. i dont want it to turn into H1Z1.
,Recommended,393380,33016755,Posted: 29 June,all,Kanenp,"If your into full on realistic military shooters, Squad is definitely the game for you."
,Recommended,393380,26909484,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,HyperEvo,Definitely recommend this game.  It has the potential to become a great semi-realism military game.
76561197995662547,Recommended,393380,32989184,Posted: 29 June,all,Werewolf,"This Game is the next step in the development of the Project Reality Mod for BF2, Its really fun and hard core. If you are not into the tactical mil sim...dont buy this, but if you are into it....its a blast! worth every peny."
,Recommended,393380,32827658,Posted: 26 June,all,NeverEco,"I have potato computer, so I can't commend much more than the sound; it's brilliant and realistic. The shooting sounds are all good, but the explosions are sick♥♥♥♥♥shit awesome. I look forward to play this game more."
,Recommended,393380,26873838,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SpamazoR,"One of, if not the best milsim/teamwork based FPS games. Calling it an FPS doesn't do the game justice as it is so much more. It encourages teamwork and objective based gameplay which other games do not achieve.That being said it is an alpha, so problems do exist but after following the development for months its safe to say they will get ironed out and have in the past. The most recent patch doubled my performance which was my only complaint in the past, so now I can play the game smoothly without any drops in performance.Highly recommend the game to anyone interested. As long as you work with your team and follow your squad, you'll fit in well."
,Recommended,393380,33099350,Posted: 1 July,all,Catallica,"If you're looking for a modern tactical shooter that's something between the Rising Storm/Red Orchestra games, Battlefields and Armas, I bet you'll love this game.There are a few things you have to consider getting into the game:- You need to use your microphone, it's the main way of communication, no one reads the text chat for player-to-player comms.- When in a squad, you can't ♥♥♥♥ around if the others clearly are tryharding (the usual way to play), that'll get you kicked out.- The game is in it's alpha stage, even if it's v9.5, it will have some bugs, including frame rate problems on low-end systems, gameplay bugs (hit's not registering etc.) of which most will be fixed before the launch, I guess.But if you're just bored with arcady shooters trying to go for realism, then you really should at least check out some gameplay videos from YouTube, like this one from Karmakut:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c69lg05YOSMBig thumbs up for the devs for keeping the PR spirit up with this project!"
76561198071844185,Recommended,393380,27736632,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,c-merf,"Edited ReviewI think the cheat system was updated nicely.Suggestions for this game:1: Diggable terrain, like be able for people to make foxholes and dig trenches into superfobs.2: New class like Engineer, they can build like a squad lead, maybe not as much as a squad lead like not bunkers but definetly ammo and sandbags.3: If implement helos maybe at first make them just logi helos and if helos then we need heat seeking rpgs to counter them.4: and for love of god give squad lead ability to dig and build, maybe a shovel that breaks or needs time to replensh after building."
,Recommended,393380,32966433,Posted: 28 June,all,UnholyRhino,Thisisamazing.
76561198314582865,Recommended,393380,33066426,Posted: 30 June,all,SWAGGY BAGGY,♥♥♥♥♥ good my guy
,Recommended,393380,33032665,Posted: 30 June,all,someThing,"All around great game, extremely immersive with a great community, I would recommend having a good computer first though as there is alot going on in this game which tends to strain your pc.Out of 10 the game gets a solid 10/10"
,Recommended,393380,33177438,Posted: 3 July,all,Thighlander,"If you have ever thought to yourself, ""What would it be like to have 8 children?"". Spawn in as Squad Lead and get the full experience.10/10 would have kids again."
,Not Recommended,393380,19904188,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,200rabbits,"The developers seem very unengaged with user support. They seem to leave helping users with bugs and issues almost entirely to other users, and I actually found one of their support team mocking a user for being subject to a serious issue that wasn't the user's fault.I think the game itself is pretty fun, although I can't really tell for sure because my PC has an AMD processor, and the game does not support AMD processors. The devs say it's not the game but the engine that doesn't like AMD processors. As if there's a practical difference for users.Overall, the developers seem pretty unprofessional and irresponsible.As I said, the game might be fun if you have an Intel processor, but that's just not a review I can give. I can only review based on my experience, and sadly, my experience tells me that buying any other Offworld Industries games would probably not be worth it."
,Recommended,393380,32164198,Posted: 3 June,all,Eaglex99,"This is probably the best tactical FPS after Arma 3.Pros:•Realistic, but not to realistic.•Extremely fun with a good squad/team.•Fun to use weapons.•Awesome Explosions.•If you have a mic and talk to your team it is even more engaging, especially if you are SL.•Good graphics.•Brilliant sounds, from the engines to the explosions it sounds like you are there and fighting in a real battle.•Good, detailed landscapes.•Great feeling when you kill someone and the clunk of a grenade launcher.•Nice looking weapons and vehicles, detailed.Cons:•Very hard at the start, constant deaths and angry team members kicking you from squads.•Teamkillers.(Not the games fault)•Alot of servers, but most are either full or empty.•Annoyingly long spawn times. And spawnpoints are spread if there are no F.O.B's.Probably the first thing you'll hear is a grown man screaming 'ALLUH AKBAR' after he fires a rocket at a wall.This game gets better with every update, worth every penny.This is one of the best games i've played, Just Get It."
,Recommended,393380,27647075,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mauritze,Solides Spiel
,Recommended,393380,32221085,Posted: 6 June,all,=MM=TheGodamnPope,"None of these people have a decent amount of hours in Squad. Squad is an amazing FPS, but you HAVE to work with your squad. This isnt Battlefield. Working with your Squad is the only way to go. Do this, and Squad is worth every penny. Over 400 hours, and im still having fun."
76561197975725253,Recommended,393380,32227423,Posted: 6 June,all,Barking o-O,If arma tickles your fancy then squad will finish you off!!!if you like team based infantry style combat with great commuincationthen you really don't want to miss out on this gemfantastic work by Offworld Industries with lots of promising updates on the way!!
76561198355465656,Recommended,393380,32338102,Posted: 11 June,all,JudeTitanic,very enjoyable gives you a realistic feel like your there
76561198066133222,Recommended,393380,27449912,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,BigWhopper,good game..worth the buy
,Recommended,393380,32525687,Posted: 17 June,all,anemos,great game
,Recommended,393380,24959354,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,[RIP] TMK,"Squad is one of those games that is perfect for anyone who wants to feel a bit of what real combat is about (I know what I speak about after having done three turns in Afghanistan). The realism is great, the graphics are awesome and the community is brilliant with many helpful veterans who are ready to give their time to teach you the game.  With the implementation of the vehicles the game has taken a huge leap forward and Im sure that I will enjoy this as much as I used to enjoy Project Reality back in the days.With that said:1. TEAMWORK is the key here, you will not like this game if you dont like teamwork. Lonewolf elite killer? Go play CoD.2. Chain of command is another critical component of this game. If you do no like giving (as squad leader) or taking (as a squad member) orders then this is not for you.I really recommend this game for anyone who wants to be part of a team working together to achieve goals,."
76561198056157106,Recommended,393380,33479389,Posted: 12 July,all,Kowi,"This is one of the best games I have ever played.-Frequent updates-New content-Great communityHowever, if you get a bad SquadLead .....the entire team is ♥♥♥♥ed. They should definitely have Squadmates be able to kick the SquadLead. Also the sights on some of the guns are so tiny or far away from your character that its not fun to play certain classes.But all in all, it's an insanely fun game"
,Recommended,393380,33767934,Posted: 24 July,all,SnowZi,"This is like a more tactical version of a battlefield with actual communication between players, squads and command, and a version of ARMA where you don't have to pretend that it's fun. When the mortars are raining around you, and you have inncomming fire. Then you know that you are having fun, and that the game is good. This game is going an epic place, and I can't wait to see what it will turn out as, when it is so good already."
76561198035804666,Recommended,393380,25612289,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,FreeWalmartWifi,LOVE THIS GAME!!! Only problem is with the performance with AMD CPU'S but im guessing that is going to get fixed in V8.
76561198044586572,Recommended,393380,25598279,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,GlitterPegasus,"This game is great! I don't know how I feel about the price for it, but it is definitely fun. I do recommend this game to anyone who is looking for a real tactical experience. Sometimes you don't always get a good squad leader but that's a given. I haven't run into any type of hacking which is also a plus. Get off that CoD doo doo and play something new and refreshing."
76561198206115412,Recommended,393380,25605239,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,kiran,This is a great game where communication is key to win. I have had a great time on this and so have my friends i recommend this game for all players!
76561198210078525,Recommended,393380,33698664,Posted: 21 July,all,ChumpyKnuckle,"Game is amazing when i last played it which was around 4 months ago.. However not sure if its just me but the screen resolution is all screwed up.evrything is warped in a large scale therefore cant change resolution, or any setting in the game graphics settings.Other than that one issue the game is great! Or was great for me!"
76561198020705995,Recommended,393380,33585794,Posted: 16 July,all,Vermilion,"If you want to play an infantry military simulation that is squad level focused, look no further! Squad is a thinking man's shooter! It is deep yet accessible and strikes the balance between realism and fun. Realistic weapons, handling and intense gunfights. Awesome sounds, look and feel of the game has unparalleled immersion and will give you PTSD!Having a microphone is essential! Squad lives up to its claims that communications and teamwork is essential. Communication is vital on all levels from communications between squad members to squad leaders communicating to other squad leaders. If you don't listen and don't communicate you will die a sad miserable lonely death!Being able to build fortifications and emplacements like heavy MGs, mortars adds replay value and depth. There are vehicles which are more for support to transport men and supplies across the vast beautiful maps. Vehicles are not overpowered.This is a good simulation of a squad/platoon level modern day fight between Russia/USA/Insurgents. Well worth the money for the gameplay experience even if the game is in early access."
,Recommended,393380,26529236,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Asdrubal o Alpinista Albino,"Just WOWI wanted to buy this game since it came out, but 38€ is alot for a Alpha game!Now that is at 18€ im sure im going to get it, played for about 2 hours, this game is awesome!For the first time since ArmA3 i felt like i was really in a war fighting with my team mates cooping between us to get to the objectives!The first minutes in the game, i ran to a random platoon and they invited me to go with them, we got on a vehicle and the platoon leader asked me for direction to our objective.I gave the wrong indications because the map was so huge and full of roads.He started yelling at me for givin him the bad directionOn our way back to the objective we face a group of enemies that started engagin the vehicle, our squad leader hit the gas hard and we got to the objective safe and good.Our mission: defend that ""camp"", simple right?A platoon of enemies start rushing our position, everyone was yelling at each other the enemies positions, squad leader yelling to some guy to construct a sand bag wall at the entrance, shots, granades, total chaos was upon us!Some random squad came to our help and we had been able to defend the camp, this lasted for about 15 min at least, than we started to push them back and engage their camp.We got sneaky, rounded the camp, and waited for our leader to give us the order to engage them.They dindt see us coming, we hit them hard, we won!The best millitary experience i have ever had in a game!"
,Recommended,393380,33790304,Posted: 25 July,all,Demon Baby,">join a squad>Whole team has mics and is talking>Squad leader lays out the plans and assigns fireteams>we load up in to a transport truck>For 10 minutes we're all singing and joking>100,000 bullets out of nowhere>everyone is screaming, screen is blurry>knees weak, arms are heavy>Start firing in to random bushes, cant see the enemy>go down, lay on the floor bleeding out as the rest of the living scream, die, or run.10/10 playing experience but now I have to take lithium for PTSD"
,Recommended,393380,33798364,Posted: 25 July,all,Higgy,"Just stopping by to reassure people that the devs are VERY active. This game is constantly improving. I will give a more comprehensive review later, but for now, all I can see are positives and constant development."
76561197963240638,Recommended,393380,33886458,Posted: 29 July,all,p00nsauce,good game
,Recommended,393380,20744483,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,dMs,"12 hours in 2 days. That's 1/4 of the all possible time during two days I spent on this game. Used to play Project Reality, BF2 back in the day and was looking for something ever since. This is it! It will take your life, it will give you a headache, it will make you go mad, but you will love it."
,Recommended,393380,32895852,Posted: 27 June,all,jayq,RECOMENDO MUITO HARDO jogo é assustadoramente realístico em muitos aspectos e tem uma comunidade de jogadores muito boa.
,Recommended,393380,33812504,Posted: 26 July,all,Woody,Has weed farms.
,Recommended,393380,33741822,Posted: 23 July,all,Orosto,"> Be me, a russian soldier, fresh recruit, just arrived.> Instantly get deployed on the battlefield, all I hear is a thud, before falling to the ground.> While a medic desperatly tries to get me up, I hear the song Fireflies, blasting from a truck, loaded to the brim with what's left of our ammo, that we're trying to save up, for future assaults.> Truck gets blown up, by an IED, killing almost everyone around it.> I couldn't even get a proper burial.> mfw"
,Recommended,393380,33836481,Posted: 27 July,all,Pooot_Juice,Very good game Runs smooth and has a great communityThey help when you need it and very friendly
76561198047115638,Recommended,393380,20534235,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,onixmorties,"Great game, the server joining and menu aren't very good though."
,Recommended,393380,20530778,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,PistolWhipPatriot,"The gameplay is awesome. It forces you and your squad to work as a team. If you don't, you'll get slaughtered.The only annoying fact about this game is that it most certainly does play like a pre-release. Bugs, bugs, bugs. At the moment, I can't even join a server. Before, I got kicked out of the server after just one game. Hopefully the developers are working diligently to correct all of these issues."
,Recommended,393380,33847161,Posted: 27 July,all,Cyrotechnium,"Straight up excellent.Graphics are pretty good, using the Unreal 4 engine (Though the game at the time of writing is still in Alpha, almost out of Alpha though).It's one of the most realistic games I've ever played, the second being Insurgency. In this game, going rambo will most likely get you killed. This game is about teamwork. All the other games say that too, but no, this really needs teamwork. This is not a fast paced action game. Each match WILL take a long time, because like in real life, things must advance slowly but surely. It's not Call of Duty or Battlefield taking the objective or flag, everything will take time. Your team's success probability is based on the amount of your team's effort and teamwork.Squad leaders can change the whole match significantly, if his squad can follow his orders correctly and willingly.This game is also difficult for starters, because at first, you'll get shot up everywhere. Move cover, scan around for 6 seconds, then move. If with your team, cover each other's back, and you're guranteed to move to where you need to. The recoil is realistic, sounds, visuals, and gameplay overall. You can see the amount of your mags, but you can't see the rounds left in the magazine (though there is a color tint to show how dry the mag is).I'd suggest this game to anyone who likes realism and military stuff."
,Recommended,393380,32651169,Posted: 22 June,all,Nomad Weasel,"This game is great. It has it's problems, but overall i would recommend this game especially if it is on sale. I've been to some of the places the maps recreate and I have to say 10/10 on the environment. The weapons feel good, the combat feels good, the vehicles are on point. The community, for the most part, is super helpful and fun to play with. If you drop in alone it can be tedious but only for a short while in my experience. Usually someone will come by singing or you'll find a full squad arguing on local voice about something interesting. The voice! I forgot man, the freaking VOIP is awesome. Local voice is on point with the echo in some buildings, voices are cut short by obstacles and the environment so it's not super easy to hear all the time. Weapons sounds, from the pistols to the mortars are incredibly realistic. I really enjoy this game. There are problems, but the pros out weigh the cons enough that it doesn't feel ♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,393380,34379386,Posted: 20 August,all,Roy,"For a game that is in Alpha, it plays very well and has great gameplay. The creators are always updating the game with new features and content. Just an overall fun game to play."
,Recommended,393380,34153034,Posted: 10 August,all,Trixim,"The most immersive title in the last 5 years easy.  However, I have heard it can be slightly taxing on lower end systems.That said, this game is absolutley fantastic.  I have owned and played it since the Alpha release, and can safley say content updates, and gameplay are constantly on the rise!  They seem to be releasing patches on a very regular basis, with smart, large features being added on a monthly basis.  This game is already amayzing, and has so much potential, I am truly excited to see where they take it.  I mean, as i post this, they are adding their own motion capture into the game..."
76561198017712500,Recommended,393380,34229190,Posted: 13 August,all,Sarge,"Realistic gameplay, teamwork. Best game so far, waiting for new updates.BF2,3,4,1 or COD what so ever players do not try even review this game, because you do not even know how this game works."
76561198053282503,Recommended,393380,34237414,Posted: 14 August,all,Lithh,"This game strikes a perfect balance between BF and Arma. The community around Squad is great, lots of fun to work as a team/squad to complete objectives."
76561198229907468,Recommended,393380,34556635,Posted: 28 August,all,Henry,Squad is a game that you can sit down with and feel like you are actually on the battlefield with moarters firing explosions here and there the graphics are amazing but keep in mind that this is a early access game and the optomization is not yet the greatest however the developers have putin a great amount of effort trying to fix this issue and i can expect it to be resovled soon. Personally i run a 1060 6gb with i7 6700k-4.00ghz processer on cuastom graphics with them set pretty high and i am getting average 60fps with sometimes getting 90 and sometimes dropping to 49 but never lower than that. All in all you should definetly get this game if your looking for a game with amazing developers and alot of potential for a game that involes massive pvp battles that victory is decided upon teamwork and strategy!
76561198033583425,Recommended,393380,31252243,Posted: 20 April,all,TAEDOX,Fun and adictiv as long as you have a mic.
,Recommended,393380,20829855,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,chipshilling,Best online community i've met
,Recommended,393380,26534657,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,LoRDHitMan,awesome game if u like games like arma. game atm has only 2 flaws in my opinion: sometimes when u click on ui elements they don't get registered and quite often u don't understand if u've hit an enemy or not.
,Recommended,393380,31869138,Posted: 20 May,all,Shconey,"This game is so good, I recommend this game to anybody who likes shooters, the quality of this game is amazing saying this game is only in alpha"
,Recommended,393380,31462472,Posted: 30 April,all,bogis40,10/10
76561198119532346,Recommended,393380,31515199,Posted: 2 May,all,CrazyHunter,worth the $40 bucks
76561198067774312,Recommended,393380,20566118,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,JonBax,"Good game! Basically An Arma 2.5 game with optimizted gameplay and gun mechanics, Great effeccts and Sound, and finally a game where u feel obligated to work together. I recommend this game for any MilSim fan."
76561198128664004,Recommended,393380,32192198,Posted: 4 June,all,(CaS)SaGGyBuBBs,"Yes buy it. It never gets old, I have 250hrs on record and it still gets by blood pumpin everytime! With Devs that are probably some of the best I have ever witnessed, you do NOT need to be worried with no new content, updates or lack of attention!For an ALPHA I can safely say that this game has the best potential out of ANY game I have played. And they are 100% capitalizing on it!Get it"
,Recommended,393380,34131856,Posted: 9 August,all,monsterplayer100,"Squad is a game that will make you want to come back for more. Every game you play will be different and have different things that happen every game. I will be honest each game is either an absolute hit or an absolute miss, you could get into a team with squad leaders that communicate and know what they are doing and it will be the most fun you could possibly have. Or you could get into a game with squad leaders that do not know what they are doing and nobody communicates with each other. But with every day and people learning the ropes the game is getting more team oriented and I will say I have had a higher number of games with people that know what they are doing than games that people do not know what they are doing. With all that being said I absolutely do recommend squad to anybody that likes realistic war based games, the only way I could describe squad is basically arma simplified but with definite improvements in many fields. It is definitely a game worth purchasing and since it is an early access game its only getting better."
,Recommended,393380,32683200,Posted: 23 June,all,Crispy,"I absolutely love this game, any ARMA fan should have this game in their library. This is definitely more of a mil-sim style game compared to other shooters. The sense of vulnerability will set the tone early and any firefight leaves your heart pounding and will give you a rush like riding a rollercoaster. HUGE maps. Ambushes, recon, FOBs, ARTILLERY, MOTORS. ♥♥♥♥ING MORTORS DUDE. What other game has motors??? Like I said, if you're a fan of the ARMA series than grab this quick. I haven't had as much fun playing a game in a long time."
,Recommended,393380,34141043,Posted: 10 August,all,Mannyv66,Must have!!
76561198036946248,Recommended,393380,32605637,Posted: 20 June,all,Shisno,"One of the best games to actually communicate with people in.Shoot, Move, Communicate.The fact my squadmates usually, if not always, have mics helps ease the process of the game. Sure there are some minor bugs (still early access, lmao), but the fact i feel imbeded with a group of fighters sure helps the immersion of the game."
76561198202169515,Recommended,393380,32603921,Posted: 20 June,all,Pvt. Radu [1-509th],"Great game, tactical, good community, good graphics, huge maps and servers (100 players), gameplay focused instead of fucusing on other things such as weapon skins."
76561198037126315,Recommended,393380,34092243,Posted: 7 August,all,smurray308,Cooler than a snowman's bellybutton.
,Recommended,393380,23914899,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,GreyPigeon67,"I love this game alot, but there is one problem, and that problem is the fps i have a good pc and i run everything on low and only get about 30-40 fps. I dont know how to fix this please help."
,Recommended,393380,23915430,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Dad,A W E S O M E
,Recommended,393380,33488814,Posted: 12 July,all,Seth,It's a fun game it takes time to get used to it tho and i recommend that you have a mic  it makes it alot easier
76561198133492128,Recommended,393380,33495231,Posted: 12 July,all,sev,"this game is great for cooperative team based gameplay. as the trailers suggested, without a team; you can barely get anything done.it's even better when your entire squad communicates and gets stuff done in a smooth quick fashion- overall helping your entire team win the game.the firefights you get are also pretty intense, very fun game overall.9.6/10 heckin' sick bro"
76561198386643526,Recommended,393380,33835613,Posted: 27 July,all,Pvt.Plikan,The game is honestly pretty good and the community is ABSOLUTLEY amazing.
,Recommended,393380,33974192,Posted: 2 August,all,Hotdog,BEST GAME
76561198272689432,Recommended,393380,33338609,Posted: 7 July,all,Whøppler™,"Dimitri: ""Rush B!!!"" John: ""We're not in CS anymore Dimitri..."" Dimitri: ""Ok... RUSH FOB PAPANOV!!!!!"""
,Recommended,393380,34179376,Posted: 11 August,all,yeet supreme ravioli,i have to smoke weed after playing each game due to its PTSD effect. overall its an excellent game :)
,Recommended,393380,34190918,Posted: 12 August,all,txm,"I got Squad during the summer sale and I can honestly say that this game is absolutely great for milsim fans. The game is still in development and I think around 40 euros is too much for that right now, but absolutely recommend getting it on sale. Communication is key in this game. I like that the game is complex, but not super complex like Arma, so a new player will get the vibe of the game after roughly 3 to 4 hours. I believe this game is being developed by the people responsible for the Project Reality-mod for Battlefield 2. I'm excited for every new feature that will be implented and it seems like the devs are dedicated to constantly add them. We all know how the development of some early access games just moves into eternity. I do not get that feeling here.TLDR: Good early access game. Get on sale. Devs seem dedicated. Mic + communication is a must."
,Recommended,393380,19907009,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Depressed Pickle,I think I like this game.
,Recommended,393380,34209744,Posted: 13 August,all,493402212,"I was looking for a game like this for a long time, something more realistic than Battlefield and Squad fits that criteria. I've played Arma and Battlefield and I've got to say Squad is a mix of both. It's realistic but still arcadey enough to just jump into the action and have fun. I would highly recommend a mic though... Mics are paramount for situations when you need to call out an enemy position. Text-to-talk isn't very intuitive or practical in this game but who knows, maybe they'll improve it.I'm not gonna go into everything in detail but here's a quick list of pros & cons:Pros:+Realistic experience without sacrificing the game.+Vehicles keep the battles interesting and dynamic without being over-powered.+Mortars are fun to use and useful for the team.+Various classes are well distinguished, no two classes feel the same except Marksman and ACOG rifleman but devs are working on giving Marksman more powerful scopes.+Sound effects are gorgeous. Riding in the passenger seat of a vehicle, you can hear the sand hitting off the tires and the bottom of the vehicle amonst the hum of the engine. Listening to it is oddly relaxing and almost put me to sleep one night lol but in a good way. Gun sounds are also great, I have no issues with any sound effects, they're all quite pleasing.+Being Squad Leader, you can build stuff using resources. Gives off RTS vibes.+Map layouts are good except the new city map.+You'll meet some strange and interesting characters in this game including some who exclaim ""Allahu akbar!"" into the mic everytime they kill someone. I also played host to a squad that formed up behind a fence and then stood up emptying their clips while yelling ""Freedom!"" into their mics. It was ear♥♥♥♥♥♥of full-auto fire and ""Freedom"" for a good 30 seconds.+Good mic support, voices come out loud and clear.Cons:-Marksman scope is the same as a ACOG rifleman scope. At the time of this review, everyone will tell you Marksman sucks and to use ACOG class instead.-American ATs get no HE rockets. Militia, Insurgent, and Russians get HE rockets along with the two AP rockets. Would like to see American AT get an HE rocket. Or at least bump their AP rocket count from 2 to 3.-No quick-chat commands.-Chat is unintuitive.-Insurgent rocket techi should get a scope of some kind.-Rocket techi should be in more maps.-Binoculars don't have an animation. One of the first things that annoyed me. OCD trigger.-Switching to pistol is too slow, this makes the switch not worth it in most cases. I think double tapping the pistol key to bring it out fast would be a nice mechanic.-Can't use bipods but devs are working on it.-Some small trees and bushes should be destructible. They stop vehicles in their tracks and it looks kind of goofy.You have to remember that this game is still in Alpha so there's lots of room for improvement. If you like Battlefield and was a fan of the big map conquests in that game then you'll enjoy yourself in Squad."
76561198179148649,Recommended,393380,32841296,Posted: 26 June,all,[ǤϻϻƦ]Sgt.Grim,"If you want to sweat and have your heart beat out of your chest then this is the game for you!, Wicked fun and totally worth the money these guys did a awesome job with this game! ++++++"
76561197977947638,Recommended,393380,32827589,Posted: 26 June,all,hack_semmel,I was searching for an alternative for ArmA3 and found Squad. It just rocks! Infantry combat is better as ArmAs imo.
,Recommended,393380,31108940,Posted: 12 April,all,Spicy Meat,hehe boi
,Recommended,393380,26527197,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Space Doge,"Only played a bit, for free weekend, and I decided to purchase it for half off. So far, I rate 8/10, and a 9/10 if you have friends to play with."
,Recommended,393380,33505180,Posted: 13 July,all,TechSkull,"As for anEarly Accessgame I must say good job to the authors.The game is very fun and challenging to play.You don'tHAVEto play with Friends cause most of the people play among random squads together using teamwork.Graphics is amazing , very realistic in my opinion and not taking too much for my graphics cards (GeForce 1060).Recommended"
76561198157293455,Recommended,393380,34430531,Posted: 22 August,all,Dodge Charger 1969,This is a really good game Love it and its graphics
,Recommended,393380,21783373,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,ZXD_[K]al 🐺,#1 fps
76561198048305218,Recommended,393380,33527597,Posted: 13 July,all,Grey®,"Pretty awesome. Actually have to use teamwork and thought in order to win. Some games are faster paced than others, that's just how it is. Sometimes you're the forward squad rushing an objective, sometimes you're building a megafob the whole time. Just be willing to do either and you'll get along fine. Remember, it's not about you, hence the name Squad. KD's dont really matter and just camping and wracking them up won't result in a win and might even cost you. Listen to squad lead, thats why he's there. Think you can do better? Make you're own squad, nothing stopping you. Communication is key.Solid gameplay."
,Recommended,393380,26781412,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Agent,"Looking for a Battlefield 2 Sucessor, I have finally found Squad."
76561198041393182,Recommended,393380,33588899,Posted: 16 July,all,5uhDude,"Best realistic war game for it's graphics, gameplay, teamwork, and communication. Never had a game as immersive as this game. It has it's bugs here and there like apcs flipping over rocks but it's still great."
76561198068404867,Recommended,393380,33440906,Posted: 10 July,all,-KB-,This game is one of the best alpha games ive played with regular updates from the devs and a great community i would recommend buying this game. It has expanded massively since the release and is continuing to grow.
76561198319844992,Recommended,393380,34572031,Posted: 29 August,all,Jangobetts,"10/10If you liked Arma, but wanted something more war-like, without the mess of mods.This game is for you."
76561198022255518,Recommended,393380,33748384,Posted: 23 July,all,Caiten,"Squad is a game that you really need to be invested in to enjoy, but if you're able to do that then it's incredibly fun and some of the most intense action I've experienced in a game. Don't think you can hop on for a few 10 minute games every now and then. The average game length is close to an hour, and while there's no penalty for leaving early and plenty of people willing to take your slot, it's important to keep in mind that you might be attacking the same point or compound for 20/30 minutes at a time.This is why its so important to have a mic. Not just so that you can communicate effectively as a squad, but so that you get to know the people in your squad and if there is some downtime, you don't feel boredom. And that's where squad beats out other games in my opinion. You should try your best to feel as part of a squad and work together. When you have a competent squad leader and everyone is calling out shots, playing their roles correctly etc. not only are you likely to destroy the other team, but it's insanely fun at the same time.There are still some issues with the game in Early Access, but the devs seem to have good communication, and updates have been fairly regular and well receieved."
76561198060440002,Recommended,393380,33604672,Posted: 17 July,all,Chapperz,"By far one of the best alpha games I have ever played, it's so well made, obviously it has a few features that need polishing. By far my top favourite game!"
,Recommended,393380,35187416,Posted: 24 September,all,Moxi,Amazing Game would suggest to anyone!
76561198028096440,Recommended,393380,34918140,Posted: 13 September,all,Timi,Combat simulation at its finest. And it is only in alpha?!? This game has a fantastic future for it.
,Not Recommended,393380,23696510,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,snowskijunky,"gay/10Was banned on a server for calling someone gay. Please make official servers.Also, I've noticed that playing in 1080p  it is very difficult to see enemies on your screen when they are a hundred or more meters away compared to say, Arma. I'm no graphics expert, but something seems screwy with edges around objects at far distances; everything just seems to sort of blend together as it gets further out.Sound and effects are great though, super visceral. I like the attempt at tactical play, but FFS community run servers breed Hitler admins, please learn from arma.I should add that the aiming is super clunky compared to just about any other first person shooter. Also, your experience is completely dependent on what servers you join and whether the people there are willing to play as a team or not. IMO this game isn't worth anywhere near the price they're asking for."
,Recommended,393380,20098303,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,DownSurge,"Gameplay is promising, but no anticheat has caused an influx of hackers with automatic grenade launchers bombing the whole map, and the hackers can also cause the whole server to lag indefinitly causing major inturuptions to gameplay and emersion. Very sad to see such a promising gem♥♥♥♥♥♥on by a bunch of bullied children.***EDIT Hackers have decreased but hacks are still readily available at a low price, VAC does exist but it does not stop the issue completely. ESP, Chams, tracers, wallhacks, whatever you want to call them, can be easily made making them unique. I know this because I know a hacker he changes his paid for script around and alters it every so often to avoid detection and it works for him.In my opinion this is still pretty lame in that aspect but overall, like i said before the game is great in itself. Just destruction from the players... us... changed review to ""Yes"" but i still think 40$ is too much money for this atm"
76561198145892885,Recommended,393380,25294046,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,jfeveland22,"I am back to review this game for a second time! After taking a very long vacation from Squad after V7 scared me away, I returned to a cleaned up, optimized game that has a thriving community. Gameplay is great, teamwork is essential, and now this game runs just as smooth as it should. The dev team has done a bang-up job of constantly releasing patches and new content. Do I reccomend Squad? The answer is **** YES!"
,Recommended,393380,35080420,Posted: 20 September,all,hiGh,"Amazing game, delivers on everything it advertises!"
76561197968930150,Recommended,393380,31232941,Posted: 19 April,all,Threeper,"Picked this up on a whim. I'd heard mixed things, and was skeptical.I entered my first game and was ordered to the gunner hatch of an uparmored vehicle and I am oh-so-familiar with. When my FOV popped up over the .50, and that charging handle came back - I had a nostalgic and slightly erotic moment. Gold.Great mil-sim. Teamwork, good gameplay and dynamics - but FOR THE LOVE OF GOD PUT THE M240B IN THE GAME!!!That's my only complaint. I'm keeping this short - going back for my 3,000th (or whatever) straight game. Cheers."
,Recommended,393380,35052490,Posted: 18 September,all,FulcruM,"Fantastic atmosphere, realistic, scary and fun!You gotta hit that RPG with your head once to be able to say I play Squad :D"
76561198021137516,Recommended,393380,33332400,Posted: 6 July,all,Sdice1,"An intense game that leaves me on the edge. 10/10 love this game, something new every match. The community is great lets just say when you jump in you get with a small band of brothers. Communicating well and working well with them, I've never seen a game do this properly but I can say this one does."
76561197997650716,Recommended,393380,32242257,Posted: 7 June,all,sammy.sandbags,This game will change your life it is amazing.
,Recommended,393380,35017746,Posted: 17 September,all,Twitch.tv/Battlegorge122 LIVE,"Probably one of the best Tactical FPS's i've played.Forced Teamwork, Solo play is essentially punished. Achieving objectives REQUIRES strong communication and teamwork, Leadership skills are essential in squad leading as well.Definitely worth looking into."
,Recommended,393380,34402829,Posted: 21 August,all,[DYC]PurpPower,"Causes me to act eratically around the house, and scream ""BEARING ___"".  10/10, would get shot by team again."
76561197985235051,Recommended,393380,32078127,Posted: 30 May,all,Lid,"PURE MOMENTUM, ADRENALINE, SPEED, VIOLENCE"
76561198064411614,Recommended,393380,34723891,Posted: 3 September,all,Kebab Removal Unit,"This game is meme central, and i wouldnt change it for the world"
76561198093422838,Recommended,393380,32078784,Posted: 30 May,all,TriggeredTendie,"This game is realistic to the point were it doesn't get boring, nor do you get frustrated with a big learning curve such as Arma. On a scale of realism, this game is between Battlefield and Arma, leaning heavily towards Arma. Only difference is the game doesn't feel arcady, nor does it feel super complex.Personally, this is one of the best First Person Shooters I have ever played, and the developers are super dedicated. When you first start off you will die. You will die a lot. It's gonna be hard to spot enemies. Teamwork is key in this game. Stick with your squad leader, listen to his callouts. You'll get a hang of the gameplay and start getting kills in no time.Lastly, If you are like me and love watching war footage this game is so close to the real thing. Comparing footage such as thishttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I5n5NTGcCcs&t=292s, it is almost identical to the gameplay and gives a great sense of immersion.TLDR:- Good sense of realism, small learning curve.- Dedicated developers.- Teamwork is key.- If you enjoy watching Afghan/Ukraine war footage, this game is for you.- Buy it, it's one of the only Early Access games worth the money right now."
,Recommended,393380,28111223,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Sandstorm,"Love the teamwork and effort that you have to put in to play this game. It makes the game very enjoyable and rewarding, and you're never too far from a fun and intense moment. It feels good to get kills and support your team under heavy fire and such. Great game"
,Recommended,393380,33316964,Posted: 6 July,all,America Online,"Found a bug that continues to run the process of SQUAD even after exiting, so for anyone that does not enjoy the game please keep that in mind. IT DOES ADD TO HOURS PLAYED.____________________________________________Game is great though! Wasn't planning on returning it at any rate. Community so far seems knowledgeable and fun, depending on how well your team is doing of course. Very Difficult. Definitely for fans of ARMA or Red Orchestra. Graphics are pretty good, some textures seem a bit bland, but i'm only running the game on HIGH settings."
,Recommended,393380,28109051,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,JoeMay,"I was a little hesitant to purchase Squad but decided to pull the trigger during a sale. Overall I am pleased with game and have been enjoying myself for the 8 hours of game time I have. My only advice would be to be patient and try the different roles out as much as possible. It can be hard to spot enemies at times and seem like you're fighting a ghost, there isn't a ton of very close encounters , mostly mid-range."
,Recommended,393380,31056355,Posted: 10 April,all,Lat6,"Squad is so great you can play other games within it, such as:CS:GOEuro Truck Simulator 2GTA Vand everybody's favorite, Minecraft"
76561198168758688,Recommended,393380,34741611,Posted: 4 September,all,primalchaos20,best realistic shooter game played so far.  I recommended it
76561198388126788,Recommended,393380,34422376,Posted: 22 August,all,kC,"This is really a great game. If you're looking for something at a slower pace than COD or Battlefield, yet more realistic, this is the game for you. It is much more realistic, meaning 1-2 shots can and will kill you. If you want that more realistic experience, I'd say go for Squad all the way."
76561198344326523,Recommended,393380,31043103,Posted: 9 April,all,SagginSoccerMom,"Unbelievably good if you're not a casual COD player afraid of getting killed with one shot to the face. Buy this. Also, you'll need a mic."
76561198084052174,Recommended,393380,34832683,Posted: 9 September,all,UppityMantis,This is probably the best game I have ever played. It has in my opinion the perfect balance between complexity of hardcore military similators such as Arma and the ease of playability to the likes of battlefield. I have also never come across such a teamwork oriented playerbase which makes it so much more enjoyable.
76561198305651489,Recommended,393380,34807933,Posted: 7 September,all,RECONWOLF69,ONE THE BETS SHOOTING GAMES EVER.
,Recommended,393380,26916398,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dei,"Hands down the best game I have ever played. I'll never tire of it. It has immersion, laughs, and the best team work system I've seen in a long time. This game will stand the test of time and will still be played for years to come. The amount of features that are planned for following versions is insane, helicopters, fast ropes, weapon resting, and more.BUY THIS GAME NOW!!!"
,Recommended,393380,28114211,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Blaze,"Great game, great community and great firefights! whats not to like! Buy the F**king game already!!"
,Recommended,393380,26546215,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Redempter,It feels like a real war!
,Recommended,393380,26546812,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Cieleux,"This is a pretty solid game.  Gunplay,  vehicles, teamwork,  the maps.  They are all great.  This game suffers from fps issues as it currently stands but if you can run it,  you'll find some pretty intense moments as you give the game a chance.  If there's a few things I would change though,  I wish the soldier movements were a little less awkward /  clunky.  There's just something about it that's so slow,  stiff,  and basic.  Sometimes you'll enter really intense moments where you should have intense moments of adrenaline,  but the game mechanics to me won't support this kind of feeling of being rushed.  I guess it's just a preference of movement wanting to be a little faster.  I also feel like this game lacks a large enough community to support it's advertisement of ""50 vs. 50"" multiplayer.  There's just a lack of servers; here I am on the East Coast, I'm stuck with unplayable ping or having to deal with language barriers.  The game excels at being tactical and communication based,  but I feel like there are less engaging moments as there is walking/ driving around."
76561198047423619,Recommended,393380,26545091,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Ye Olde Chacon,"Played it for 4 hours and got addicted, nothing more to say."
,Recommended,393380,26543705,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Sir Newbsworth,Great game if you have the rig to play it. Needs more optomizing but its unparralleled in what it sets out to do
,Recommended,393380,26546016,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Dave Yogpod,"Not, even 5 hours in and I'm already lost in this game. I mean, the strategy and the combat is PERFECT to a T. Since it's free, no risk to try. A must have for any war fanatic focused in the minute details of war.#Getallthezones"
76561198038005183,Recommended,393380,26546398,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,ccc724,This game stresses teamwork and working together. When you work together it is one of the most rewarding games I have played.
76561198041099751,Recommended,393380,27642876,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ProWarFull,I really like to play this game and it's not just the game itself but also the great community that this game has.
76561198068981718,Recommended,393380,33172656,Posted: 3 July,all,Dovahkiin Max,"Its the best game that i ever seen, recommend for all who likes tactical games, and communicate with other players.Im so surprised! best game for Arma boys, and i think its better than Arma.. you will understand it only if u will play!This is the real MAGIC!"
,Recommended,393380,34891016,Posted: 11 September,all,h1ght,Awesome.
76561198020283331,Recommended,393380,34894511,Posted: 11 September,all,INGLOURIOUS,"pretty, pretty, pretty, petty good."
,Recommended,393380,34896476,Posted: 12 September,all,hey its me ur guy,u play as a team its fun
76561198146791776,Recommended,393380,34912503,Posted: 12 September,all,Marc Wincheter-Hitler,the best military coperation game you could found and the comunity is the best from evry game that exist so farand people play seriously
,Recommended,393380,31640175,Posted: 8 May,all,Shuzen,Game is great with a friendly community most of the time.
,Recommended,393380,34894453,Posted: 11 September,all,Asundering,Terrific game!
,Recommended,393380,26546415,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,facepalm,Just buy it.
76561198089900804,Recommended,393380,26544696,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Gen. HandyMan,"I have been playing this game for some time, since early Alpha and it has come a long way. Even though the game is still an alpha state, when in-game you wont notice it. It is well developed so far and if you like Realistic team based FPS then get this game while its free or on sale. Well worth full price of 39.99."
,Recommended,393380,26546076,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Guts,If you like;1) Realistic voice chat2) Working as a squad rather than a lone wolf3) Enjoy realistic shooting and suppression effects4) Want a realistic war experience without the boredom of ARMthen 10/10 would recommend for immersive PTSD war eperience
,Recommended,393380,26546703,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Alternate 1985 Biff Tannen,"Let's first talk about what squad isn't and who it isn't for: It isn't CoD or Battlefield. It isn't for people who want to jump right into hot action and rack up killstreaks and ""pwn"" a bunch of people by running around the map with a knife. Success in this game can be measured in multiple ways. A good medic with zero kills is just as beneficial to the team as a rambo who's able to wipe an entire enemy squad at once.I started playing Squad during the free weekend and have discovered that it does a fantastic job of fulfilling the need of a first person shooter that focuses on tactics and strategy. It tries to emulate the ""reality"" of battle without being overly fussy like some other ""reality"" games do.The game has bugs - it's an early access alpha. There's still a lot of features that need to go into the game.However, I had a lot of fun yesterday.Don't buy this game if you're a ""lone wolf"". This game requires teamwork and it requires communication and listening. You're not going to be able to hop into a vehicle and mow down noobs, you have to put thought into actions you take.There are a lot of reviews now of people who hopped into the free weekend and found the game not to be the type of game they like. That's fine, but review it objectively on its merits. And I think on its merits, this game is in its current state a lot of fun, and shows a lot of promise to be the modern successor to project reality.If spending 1-2 hours on a map and spending 10-15 minutes between ""action"" that's way more compelling and intense than anything I've experienced in other first person shooters sounds interesting, then this game is for you. If not, move on."
76561198185091949,Recommended,393380,34020480,Posted: 4 August,all,Bearjew2995,Best game on steam!
76561198036660443,Recommended,393380,35172162,Posted: 23 September,all,slipperybeluga,"Absolutely nothing but positive things to say about this game. The game is still in alpha, and has a very active developer team that updates players at least monthly. Updates have been iterative and have always improved and enhanced the game. The player community is mature and fantastic. It's no call of duty with a bunch of angry preteens, the game is hard and realistic and the only way you'll win is by coordinating with your squad. I don't have anything to add to this review that hasn't been seen elsewhere, but  I'll just say this game is more than worth the purchase price."
76561198213780784,Recommended,393380,35179356,Posted: 24 September,all,Lord Phantom,Great game loved it team work is awsome
,Recommended,393380,26538271,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,opie1,"Amazing game and community. It's a niche game. There isnt action all the time, but when there is, adrenaline is pumping and it's one of the greatest gaming experiences. Nothing like COD or Battlefield, thank god.."
,Recommended,393380,28538338,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,[M] Happy Slav,"I have spent over 100 hours in this game and i have just begun. It is amazing and Devs care about the community, its realistic and a lot of people play it. 10/10"
,Recommended,393380,34981740,Posted: 15 September,all,BG-Skech,Definitivley one of the best FPS games until date ! Yes the game still in Alpha state but evolve preatty fast and in good direction! The huge 50vs50 Multiplayer Battles are extreamly fun and enjoyble experiance (No SP at the moment) ! If you likes the realism in ARMA 3 and the Frenetic Battlefield game matches ... SQUAD its in the middle between this two huge games! Squad offers a realism but not so complex like Arma... Also offers a frenetic gameplay and moments during battles like a Battlefield ! Good map design and size... Extreamly Tacticle gameplay ! Team Play its the focus of the game ! In the end still in development but in the curent state its 100% playeble and offers a good multiplayer experiance!
76561197990254925,Recommended,393380,34655050,Posted: 1 September,all,Podovsky,"Great realistic game, requires good teamwork. Team work eventually pays off. It might have a little bit of a steep learning curve but once you get through that it becomes a fantastic game. Battles can be very intense."
76561198230105236,Recommended,393380,34674913,Posted: 1 September,all,AxeGaming22,Great game on of my favortives but u need a mic to really enjoy this game
,Recommended,393380,34855281,Posted: 10 September,all,AnOnYmOuS<3,I say buy it see if you like it. If you dont like it refund it and dont cry about it.I love the ♥♥♥♥ out of it.
,Recommended,393380,34668304,Posted: 1 September,all,Groof,"Very realistic, love the game. However the game could be optomized better for performance, as it is very difficult to ahcieve 60 fps(a minimum for me)  on my 1060 6gb."
,Recommended,393380,31374371,Posted: 26 April,all,Pickle Rick,"Good game (for an alpha)There are still a lot of things to be added, which the game is really missing right now, however the game is a lot of fun.Pros:- Nice community- Realistic gameplay- Both strategiy and actionCons:- Learning curve is difficult- User interface (e.g. the server browser) isn't optimal"
,Recommended,393380,35164774,Posted: 23 September,all,The Littlest Snowflake,"Man down!!!!!!!!! I need a medic! I gottcha son, stay with me.  (Cue gigantic mortar strike that kills everyone) 10/10 would blow up again again."
76561198020984093,Recommended,393380,23741302,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Amsterdamned,"More demanding and infinitely more rewarding than Battlefield, yet simpler and more intuitive than Arma. Looks  and plays stunning thanks to the Unreal4 engine and a dedicated hardworking dev team and community, and we're only scratching the Alpha surface.I have more than 300 hours in game and it just gets better and better. Haven't gone near any other FPS games since I started with Squad. Great community of supportive players, just stick your hand up and ask for help when you're new. You need a mic and a willingness to talk and work co-operatively to get the most out of this game.Hugely rewarding and burgeoning with huge potential when the vehicles get added and well beyond as mods come online. This is already the best co-op FPS experience you will find.See you out there!"
,Recommended,393380,35224672,Posted: 26 September,all,Tommie05,"because didn't know the map i was playing at and i spawned late, i accidentally seperated from my team and ended up walking right behind an entire enemy squad without them noticing me, then i stealthy killed them all... i ended up saving my teamates from being ambushed.10/10 would walk seperate ways from my squad again..."
,Recommended,393380,32635148,Posted: 21 June,all,mike jones,slay bodiestop tier game
76561197991695868,Recommended,393380,19910481,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Tiny Rick,"Very fun game, Team work is a must and communication too. Only a few downsides for me personally:- As far as i can see there is only 1 south american server from brasil and i still get over 200+ ping (i play from peru)-i don't have an amazing laptop but i play on an core i5 laptop that can play arma 3 on medium to high graghics at 30fps yet on squad i get between 1 and 60 (never constant)other than these the game is great and defo worth a buy!!!"
,Recommended,393380,19912975,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,M. Sandoval,A must have game for tactical realism people.
,Recommended,393380,19951659,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,SΔSSY,"Really nice game for early alpha, still a few bugsPros- People dont 'troll' , respectful and play the game like its meant to- Great Simulator, your squad takes over certain points in the map to win- Challenging, some people may not like this but i doCons- Horribly Optimized- Some FPS Drops- People without mics, you cant help this!- FOV needs adjustingRate- 8.5/10game is REALLY well done for an early alpha build, Only a few bugs to fix"
,Recommended,393380,20951111,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,[RIP] SporKveL,Real good realism FPS simulator and a completely awesome community!
,Recommended,393380,20956488,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,NoSkillzy,"If you enjoy strategic FPS games, communicating with the friendliest community you will ever meet, and most importantly if you enjoy in-game running, well this is a game for you! Overall this game is amazing, graphics are great, runs smoothly at 60fps however it does need some updates but can't complain as it is stillin alpha, so I can't wait for more updates to come out in the future!"
76561198078502031,Recommended,393380,20960420,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,┘ꚛ└ Boss,"My team and I were fighting for hill 15. I get shot and go downMedic gets me up a minute or 2 later. As soon as i open my mouth to say thanks, a bright yellow flash and then complete darkness.10/10 would get blown to pieces again"
,Recommended,393380,19719054,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Legendary Chicken,Impressive!
76561198142153648,Recommended,393380,19951771,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,mMMMm b0p ba duba dop,-digging up a base for the FOB-SL: Is there a sport for digging?Some guy: Grave Robbing?..i love this ♥♥♥♥ing game
76561198135810461,Recommended,393380,19956597,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Eliman8,"Squad has come so far since the start & with every update im loving it more & more as you can see from my hours spent in it lol, im still hoping for little things here & there like possibly a deployable /working bipod for the auto rifleman at least, would be an awesome feature, but im sure that kinda stuff is on the way, if you like military sim, fps and other combat /war games then Squad is defs worth a look, graphics are great, mechanics flow well and the devs are constant with the tweaks, updates and new content, oh and make sure you have a working mic as communication really is key to winning in squad, i know everyone starts out somewhere but please if its your first time dont be a squad leader, especially if you have no mic, Free play weekend coming up and on sale, you would be crazy not to get it, i paid full price and still think it was a bargain haha.If you heard the shot then i wasn't aiming at you ;)"
,Recommended,393380,19986430,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Ugg?,"This game is in Alpha, but shows a lot of promise (Like most alpha games)... It can very easily be♥♥♥♥♥♥by the next update, but for right now this is an excellent game that has a lot in common with Insurgency and Arma. I highly suggest trying it out, although I should warn you that the servers are rocky (Pop is awkward, you can't queue for a server to wait to connect, and there is no direct option for friends to join you), the hackers are just starting to show up, and if you don't get a team of coordinated leaders you're going to get ♥♥♥♥ed."
,Recommended,393380,20180436,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,DNB,"This is a great game. Really makes you feel like you are there, great at everything. If you have any amd cpu under the preformance of the 9590 or the 8350 then I would suggest on not getting this game. For users who have the game and cannot many fps but want to play it i suggest on  turning off the radio filter. This sorted it for me."
,Recommended,393380,20948753,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,SNAZZYSNIPER,"This game is fantastic , but it is not perfect remember it is still in alpha there is no vehicles yet and some frame drop issues. This does not hold the game back from where it shines which is the intense firefight the phenomenal sound design and the game it's self look quite good maxed out and is not hard to run. If you ever wanted to play Arma and just never was never able to grasp the huge learning verve but are still craving a milsim experience this game is the perfect choice."
76561198114454141,Recommended,393380,21001041,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,JT,very realistic shooter game! 10/10 would rate again
,Recommended,393380,19907771,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,funQ,"First Game in Alpha that really surprised me. Its not finished, its bugged, but its fun. It will be a great Game with a heavy focus on Teamwork (Squads) and Communication."
76561198126330144,Recommended,393380,20186920,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,SWiTCH,"this game is amazing, played it all last night and love it! people are saying its not optimized very well, dont listen to them. dont forget this is early access and one thing i have found to fix lag is join servers with 40-50 people maxbut overall a great game and if you are on the fence about it u should buy it and if u dont like it refund it"
76561198014541247,Recommended,393380,20954614,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,TheMan,"Ok i will tell you this quickly the game is awasome, because when you entring into a squad ingame and start expiriancing diffrent situations like a grande that the enemy dropped near you or a rpg that fired on you, you will get a huge adrenalin and a fun from this moments:D this game worth every dollar even if its in alpha stage.buy it!"
76561197971199121,Recommended,393380,21036428,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Choppa,"Amazing Infantry Combat, Amazing Sounds,  Mature and Teamwork oriented Playerbase yet in no way boring like Arma series."
76561197978646283,Recommended,393380,19712364,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,WaywardDwarf,"This game is perfect.  I mean, not yet cus it's in Alpha but it's still awesome.  I can't wait to see what the devolopers have in store for this one.  Project Reality was amazing so this is gonna turn out great.Best Teamwork game hands down."
,Recommended,393380,19727418,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Uber Alles,Specs:-EVGA NVIDIA GTX 970 ACX 2.0-Intel Core i7-4790k 4.0Ghz-16gb Ram-Seagate 2tb HDD and Corsair 240 SSD-Windows 10Now that we've got that down I can say that I was running with an average FPS of 90 at max settings adn 1920x1080.Pros:Great gameplay and team tactics.So far great teammates.Action is not constant while playing large maps but some smaller maps are great for firefights.Game does not hold your hand.Quick to learn controls.Cons:Servers fill up quick and almost all of them made my ping around 150-200 (Still ran smooth though)If you are a lone wolf don't even bother looking at this game.Large maps are sometimes hard to traverse and stamina drain is quick.8/10
,Recommended,393380,19841768,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Gopnik,This video game is amazing!
,Recommended,393380,19909457,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Denied,"The love child of an ARMA, Battlefield and Insurgency (and Project Reality of course) orgy. If you Like those games, you will like this as well...even in this early stage of development it's looking bloody good."
76561198145461632,Recommended,393380,19911370,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Lewdy,amazing 10/10! I just wanna play it allday eryday. :P
,Recommended,393380,19911574,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Monarch,Very good game so far but...Be warned if you are using AMD I have found that the VoIP has caused major drops in fps and causes the games to freeze briefly. And because this is a very team based tactical shooter this is a big issue. If you have AMD I would wait for this be fixed otherwise go for it it is a great game.
76561197990215465,Recommended,393380,19942764,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,simo1208,"I just met tomboy12 or something like that.. he started screamin in voip with his insanely high pitched tinnitus voice.......... it was at that same moment i realised♥♥♥♥♥♥was about to go down.so ofcouse he started teamkilling and insulting everyone... so my squad and i killed him and revived him.. just to kill him again... and again...and agaaain, tellin him we we're diggen a grave for him with our shovels.so so SO beautiful when true gamers come together and fight the screaming CoD kids sent from lucifers himself, i still have tears in my eyes from happiness, and laugning at him ofc. lol.We will not forget, we will not forgive, expect max back-troll if you're a trollin troll - squad in squadgame gives 89 outta tears"
76561198012013469,Recommended,393380,19943936,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,BloOdDeMoN,"Highly recommend this game. The best squad based, team tatical game i've played in years.Providing you have a good team that knows what they are doing and the squad leader is giving enough orders the immersiveness of this game is incredible."
,Recommended,393380,19945853,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Multin3fo,Verry funny and cool game!
76561198028039312,Recommended,393380,19949650,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,thegodsend,"If your looking for a game like the ARMA II mod Takistan Life but without all the grinding, drama, desync and general BS the ARMA engine has, this is the game. Its in alpha so dont expect a lot but so far the game looks promising."
,Recommended,393380,19974011,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Kay Master K,"Bought the game for 36,99€ and it really is worth it. It makes really fun to play in a team, the community is friendly and cooperative. On the field you get the feeling to be under real pressure, sometimes you♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself if under heavy fire and you got no idea where the enemy is, you are actually scared to die. The matches can last hours, sometimes you just need to stay in same position for about 10 min. and watch a rock because the squadleader told you to. You get the atmosphere of the game while playing, you have the feeling to be a real soldier.9/11 would friendly fire again."
,Recommended,393380,19977946,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,IC3W01FCP666,amazing game
,Recommended,393380,19983575,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,-[wDw]- E. Vasquez,"If you like the militairy of the united states army , Then buy this dope game ! <31, Perfect remake of the M4 series2, Sounds ingame are perfectly and its still in alpha so , Trust me this game is a CANON !3, Milsims , Go away from arma , And buy this !4, SHOOT SOME TALIBANS FEELS ALWAYS SO GOOOOOOOD !"
,Recommended,393380,19983774,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Lil Breezy,Aside from the massive FPS drop in full servers its a pretty solid game for only being in alpha
,Recommended,393380,20165471,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Skully,"An outstanding game that's so polished in it's current state that it almost seems complete, I'd pay the price of a triple A game even if there's only infantry warfare currently, even with that in mind there's so many variations of outcomes,  fortification opportunity and tactical plays, that will never make any scenario seem the same. What's even better is almost if not all the player base follow orders word to word which makes the game vastly superior to any military game out there in the current mix. On top of that the community is mature and friendly and is always willing to help.Summary: This is truely the best community i've had the pleasure of playing with, and will continue playing with to the ends of time.10/10"
,Recommended,393380,20191664,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Random9,"That's a good Milsim Minecraft, really enjoying the game with the lads. The game is a real Cheeky Nandos..."
76561198019699841,Recommended,393380,20223383,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,BLACKHAMMER,"best military sim i've ever played, i'm excited to see where this game goes. The sound effects and the bullet flying and snapping around me sound so real. I find it so fun in alpha stage.  I cant wait for the fill release."
76561197981322475,Recommended,393380,19981158,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Johnnyvidya,"69/72""Server is Full."""
,Recommended,393380,20180922,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Levity,I'm pretty mean with a pair of B-Nocs..
76561198010759675,Recommended,393380,20196542,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Mr-H,Good game with a lot of promise.
76561198026616266,Recommended,393380,20226360,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,/a/ Waifugaiming,"A game from  former ProjectReality and some new pepole.They  made  alpha version so engaging and fun to play , This is a game for pepole who can communicate and work as a team , there is  no room for soloque heroes with no voice coms.Sound design also makes you wonder how every other games gets it wrong or almost wrong.Not the greatest game yet , but the community and solid groundwork on the game makes it the most fun i had in a  long time.If you want  to play  a solid core of a teambased tactical game that is gona shape  up buy it !(beware amd cpu users its not friendly yet untill  unrealengine4  performance patches ,and devs work it out.So i would not buy it if you have amd cpu )"
76561198174209435,Recommended,393380,20264645,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,TerrribleR,"To those curious of buying the game,Are you looking for a mixture of Insurgency and Red Orchestra? Have you played a game in Alpha stage of development? Ark is in slighlty better comparible performance state to this for a comparison. Do you mind running every where in BF?Well then this game you'd probably enjoy unless you have an AMD system at the moment(there are some fixes YOU can implement in the game files, though doesn't work for everyone). Great sound design, Unreal enginge graphics(not fully implemented to its standards at the moment), vehicles(Not implemented yet, expected in Jan. update), 100 vs 100(Not fully yet, max is at 72. Occationally there will be a 100 player server.), Hit detection is not smoothed out yet but is close(Nearly spot on) for it being in it's current state.At the moment there really is not a cheat system in place, all the servers say they are vac proteced but there are alot of hackers(automatic grenade launchers). Some say it's a script or edited game file, I don't know but it's a thing for now. The occasional SL or teammate that is way to into this setting, it's like they are roleplaying. But with all the flaws or unapplied content of it's current build it is still better than any game in it's comparible genre, imo.These dev's are sitting on a gold mine right now and they will deliver the goods; I mean, they're the one's who made PR mods for BF2.P.S. Don't be SL if you don't have a mic, thanks."
76561198236744138,Recommended,393380,19909580,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Zam,"After only being out for a little while, its amazing hope it gets even better."
76561197997745571,Recommended,393380,19914730,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,[URU] .OUTBACK.,"This is alpha?! It's already a lot better than many other FPS's around...I can't wait to see it once fully released! If you loved Project Reality and other tactical shooters, this is THE one."
,Recommended,393380,19957061,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,FrOsT,Squad is a game for hardcore shooters this game is the most intense shooting game iv played so far and will only get better  the are adding military trucks choppers taliban trucks cars bikes if you get the game know it will only get more fun worth 40 :)
,Recommended,393380,20189774,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Proko,"If you can't see, can't shoot, can't deal with getting killed a lot and walking a lot, turn back now.If all of the above just fuels your raging bloodthirst, this game is for you.Hiding in the poppy fields have saved me more than a few times.BEST to play with friends who know how to communicate and don't get butthurt if told an order.Good graphics, Runs better than Arma(not by muc, though), Realisitic.Playing alone is ok, too."
76561198016112366,Recommended,393380,20274209,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Tall Oscar,It's not Call of Duty or Battlefield.
,Recommended,393380,20922585,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Ash Williams,"Fantastic tactical shooter. It needs a bit of polish but that's to be expected this early in development. Great graphics and even better sound. If you like tactical shooters , this is the game for you."
,Recommended,393380,20959444,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,KingBeyondTheWall,I totally get why people say this is the birth child of Arma and Battlefield. Can't wait to see where Devs take this. The community is fantastic.
,Recommended,393380,29818263,Posted: 9 February,all,Graphic,A brilliant game but you will struggle to enjoy it unless your friends buy it too. The kind of squad leaders you end up with otherwise simply aren't up to it.
,Recommended,393380,32788006,Posted: 25 June,all,Krelein☆,"Haven't played very much but the first thing you will notice is the sounds. The weapons, vehicle, VoIP, everything. Incredible game."
76561197966276994,Not Recommended,393380,24788346,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Scooty,"Shots from behind sound like their in front, horrible.Quarter of a second ping on servers that say 80+invisable players was supposed to have been fixed this patch, it wasnt.Timer skips or stops for respawn. 77, 76, 73. wow.Right click and rappid left click, you think it would zoom and start shooting. Nope, thanks squad.Server name is bugged to show nothing in the tab screen.Bad vehicle hitboxes, the logistics vehicle is a full block shapeShoot people and nothing happens.*edit* Its because when your tired your barrel gets loose and bullets fly wherever (AND your gun bobs more, both). Even a little bit not at totally full stamina is enough to cause vaccuous misses.This game has a long long way to go and is currently worth about 10 dollars.Shooting through walls and smoke has only gotten worse. It's just my opinion that the cheat pro in this game is not very good. Mainly Colored Models and ESP, I dont think there is a way to detect colored models so your Bright Green or Bright Red to them.No bushes for some people, its obvious.Looking right at buildables with my shovel out and it just dosnt let me build it, horrible targeting.90 seconds is to slow for a per life timer, only very few players are in game for a lengthy time if active."
76561198027936475,Recommended,393380,31049628,Posted: 9 April,all,WiteLuxin,"It takes more than single soldier, it takes a Squad.  Fantastic game! True Teamwork and Role Fulfilment.Has a bit of a learning curve, but friendly community.  Ask, listen to squad leader. It's immensely enjoyable when your on a good squad that communicates."
76561198019812159,Recommended,393380,33290742,Posted: 5 July,all,Birdperson,"I'm not gonna sit here and convince you to buy this game. I'm just going to let you know my experiece. After about 100hrs in-game, I uninstalled local content for Arma III and BF1. Not because I needed the SSD space, but because I'll never go back an older game not on par with the Squad experience. Squad provides the most authentic, immersive combat experience thus far. Mil-sim or not, this game focuses on communication and teamwork to give you the satisfaction your looking for with a combat game. The audio and visual experience is extremely accurate in relation to contemporary combat. Suppression is the best I've seen in any FPS.Once you get a good feel of the game, know that there are plenty of great communities within the Squad community itself. They all have their own twist on the Squad experience so I'll advise you to dabble in their servers and feel them out. I, personally, settled down in the SquadOps community after playing on their servers for a while and chatting in their Discord.SquadOps.gg hosts 2 events per week with their notorious 1-life rule. So if you go down (incapacitated) you cut your local and squad comms, and go into admin cam and watch the rest of the Operation play out. What an amazing, heart-pounding experience it is when you value your ""life"" but the squad leader and team leader are barking orders, rounds are pinging off the wall next to you, you can't see any enemy but there's some movement off in the distance, so you put some rounds down range, pop smoke and move. It's intense."
76561198037695808,Recommended,393380,31708516,Posted: 12 May,all,fraggtastic,"At it's best, Squad is a tense adrenaline junky's dream. The action may be sparse, but the persistent need to be present in the game is unrelenting. At it's worst, it is a walking sim with heavy weapons and idiots jamming the radios with a bunch of nonsense. If your team sucks, the game sucks.For this reason I give the game a hesitant thumbs up. I wish it was a little less expensive, so I could encourage more people to purchase it, who I know will play seriously. As it stands, I feel like I am spinning a roulette wheel everytime I start it up."
,Recommended,393380,33290975,Posted: 5 July,all,Freaky,"By far one of the BEST military shooter games I have ever played and this is why!After playing this game for a decent amount of time and having mixed feelings on the game, I think now is the perfect time to write a review.So when I first bought the game, it did take a good 2-3 hours to fully understand the concept and how the meta works. You won't understand the game as soon as you play, so having the patience to learn how to is needed and it's worthwhile in the end.At first I loved the game, the people I played with were great, communication and coherent teamwork made it enjoyable.Then for some reason most servers I visited lacked the communication and teamwork I previously experienced. The games became less enjoyable and I wouldn't last more than one match.Then some extra content came out, vehicles etc. and so I decided to give it another shot. And I have to say I enjoy the game more than ever.The graphics bearing in mind, are not great, but not bad either. But then again, the gameplay far outweighs the graphics and so it's not a massive downside to the game.There will be some servers that are hit or miss...The good ones are (for the most part) always full, and so trying to find one that is both available and one that has English speaking players can be tricky at times.But once you have found the right server to play on, hours become minutes. I mean...I could play for so long and lose track of time.The movement mechanics in the game will also take some time to get used to. Don't expect any sort of BF or COD like mechanics where you can instantly sprint and prone etc etc.You have a stamina bar and also a jumping stamina one too, so being careful when to use up your stamina and when not to should be taken into consideration. At the end of the day this is a military simulator...I think the BEST thing about this game is the sound. You have to play this game to understand what I am talking about. And watching YouTube videos won't do it justice. It is by far the best sounding shooter I have heard ever. It just sounds like you are in a war zone. Grenades, mortars, armoured vehicles and so on just sound 0rgasm1c. When a mortar or grenade lands next to you, you will probably♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants for the first time. The sound doesn't hold back. It is hard to explain the sound in this game bedcause as I said you have to be in the game to know. But by far the best thing in my opinion is the sound effects for every weapon and physic aspect of the game.This is defo one of the best Alpha games I have played. And the £30 price mark is not bad (I was skeptical and regretful at first) but now I have seen what the game is like and what it will be like with its full potential..."
,Recommended,393380,34827109,Posted: 8 September,all,COMBAT<◕>CAMERA,FINALLY! A game that enforces Team-Work In an open world Afghanistan and other region combat.WHERE ELSE CAN YOU:1.BUILD HESCOS AND ERECT FOBS AND MG EMPLACEMENTS2.HAVE TO PULL OUT YOUR E TOOL TO DIG AND CONSTRUCT3.EXPERIENCE IMMERSIVE SOUNDS OF BULLETS SNAPPING AROUND YOU(REMINDS ME OF ACTUALLY BEING ON DEPLOYMENT)4.FIGHT THE TALIBAN/ISIS5.HEAR GUNS AND EXPLOSIONS INGAME THAT ARE LOUDER THAN ANY OTHER SOUND6.PLANT IEDS AND REMOTE BOMBS AS AN INSURGENT TO TAKE OUT HUMVEES7.GET KILLED BY BACKBLAST FROM A SHOULDER FIRED ROCKET8.MEDICS ACTUALLY DO THEIR JOB (HOOAH)
76561198041297230,Recommended,393380,32864597,Posted: 27 June,all,Kratos,good
,Recommended,393380,21291983,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,-3xA'Cinnamon Bun!,"This game feels alot like a newer more graphical intense verison of project reality. with each update the game gets exceptionally better. for a game still in early access it is very playable and very enjoyable. Once this game has vehicles added it will truly be a masterpiece able to compete with the largest titles like Arma 3 and Battlefield. If you are looking to buy a realistic tactical FPS that revolves greatly around teamwork, I would highty recommend this game as you will not be dissapointed especially as more updates are released. The only flaws that i find is how large the maps are without any vehicles making it seem like a walking simulator at times, and the occassional deliberate team kills by teammates."
,Recommended,393380,20611474,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Rezznow,"I've got 200+ hours in ARMA 3 and I'd say at least 2/3 of those went towards trying to create an experience with friends that I could've gotten instantly with this game. The community and simplicity are what make this game amazing. It's a tactical shooter that you can drop right into and have fun in without the constant need to make excuses on why ""it's fun when it works."" It just feels much more realistic and logical. You dont get tired like a 4 year old boy after running 50 meters. This games mechanics work in a much more proper way."
,Recommended,393380,25784372,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Massiv_0311,"Did 3 combat tours as an infantry rifleman in Iraq with 1st Bn 1st Marines. This is the most comprehensive and accurate military simulation game there is on the market. With huge maps, realistic terrain, and incredibly reals sounds, the imersion is great! A lot of efffort made by the developers to preserve realism over everything else. Game is still new (in alpha), but it is totally playable and already my favorite FPS ever. I can't wait for the finished product. So many things to look forward to, and with confidence that the designers will keep the game's integrity, not sell out and make another COD clone. Great community and players too, serious players! For people who finally want to be able to employ real tactics. I left COD for BF4, but as far as accuracy goes, SQUAD blows them both out of the water with gameplay. A strategic challenge every time. Only paid $30 for it, but i bought a new monitor and gpu specifically for SQUAD, $1500. Make sure you have the right specs, this is demanding in it's unpolished state, but well worth the experience! Updated frequently with new features being added regularly."
76561198119557321,Recommended,393380,32399563,Posted: 13 June,all,GhostHawk,"If your into Arma, espically PVP and or into games that have you take objectives and communicate and coridinate with others than this game is perfect for you. Its fun can be very intense at times with firefights and not to mention still has a lot of room to grow. Heck, if they keep going it might actually completely surpass Project Reality in my opinion, which Squad is kind of the sucessor to."
,Recommended,393380,31021300,Posted: 8 April,all,Anderson Madrich,Good indie game really immersive
76561198127292331,Recommended,393380,31149508,Posted: 14 April,all,inQUARRY,So this game is a great way to get your blood preasure when your squad mates arn't listening to you. i end up screaming and waking up the old neighbors i have. At least they know i'm attacking the hilltop and laying down a FOB.
76561198355487219,Recommended,393380,31310824,Posted: 22 April,all,codyanthony11,"by far the most realistic military game i can imagine. and that even trumps battlefield 3. the only thing i do not like at all is that you need your swquad leader permission to go ionto the vehicles to  frive them,."
,Recommended,393380,31601412,Posted: 7 May,all,Boosted Turbo,"Wondering what it feels like to play squad? Here is a true story.You get orders from Squad 1 to make your way to a town 500m north... Your squad leader sets a rally point for a valley and you all gather around it and talk about what your roles are and how to attack the town. A moving object catches your attention and you see an enemy squad walking on the ridge... You break the conversation by yelling "" CONTACT TO THE LEFT!""You're SL tells everyone to hold fire and wait for line of sight... Then an rpg goes off.... You hear a man screaming medic!!! and others yelling ""bearing 260, 100 meters!"" rifle fire exploads everywhere! You can't distinquish your gun from the man next to you.... Bullets are raining down, and you hope that since you can't see them anymore they can't see you... You fire to where you think the enemy is. But that does not stop the earth from errupting around you under small arms fire.... Someone screams ""MEDIC DOWN!"" but you have no chance to react. Your SL throws down smoke and tells you to advance, by the time you make it to the enemy you find 6 dead bodies and see another man running away... Did you shoot someone? Did you manage to kill them all, or were you the only one who couldn't see them? You decide not to ask questions as it might take away the flavor of the small victory.Your tired and injured group rallies around, deploying a spawn point for the fallen... Only half of you are left standing.You hear a faint rumbling... (what is that sound you think to yourself) ""GET DOWN!"" your SL yells just as a BTR opens fire on what's left of your squad...Your eyes blocked by the grass you pray that the shots will not find you... Hoping the btr will think he whiped your squad and go somewhere else to hunt. But the shots keep coming your vision is fading. You pull out a medic kit to patch yourself, as you think, what's the point, we are all dead anyways...BANG!!! the sky above the grass fills with explosion and smoke... BAM! A second explosion and shrpanel flying all around. The sound of the btr's guns tearing through the air is gone... The only sounds left are rocks finding their way back down to earth... Then there is a still silence around your location now as smoke rises into the clouds a hundred meters away...Not being able to keep from the curiosity you look up.Squad 5 made its way to your location and thier Heavy AT has saved you.... Alone you stand with your SL wondering, will the rest of your mission be even harder.... You lost 7 men in under 2 minutes... a heavy price to pay when you are still 300 meters from the town. But you must carry on, you must continue.... You are a soilder and your mission is not done."
76561198167134342,Recommended,393380,32237330,Posted: 7 June,all,Statefarm,"My favorite game right now. Nothing beats the feeling of a well coordinated killing machine dominating the battlefield.  Tactical squad spawn placement and player built team defensive structures really allow each match to be different than the last by giving the players the power to shape the battle. Teamwork works, its the only thing that does."
76561197973500621,Recommended,393380,25740000,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Harmless.,iF YOU WANT A GOOD TACTICAL SHOOTER THATS IMMERSIVE AND CLOSE 2 REALISM THIS IS THE 1
,Recommended,393380,31887514,Posted: 21 May,all,[PBSr]IceTits,Most immersive game you can play.
,Recommended,393380,21301091,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,AgentSonic |On Youtube,yes
,Recommended,393380,21305130,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,killbana5,only played 7 hours of SQUAD and i can say..... I LOVE this game.......BUT i die alot.. :D
,Recommended,393380,31894032,Posted: 21 May,all,✪ Limbzy,10/10. Most Realistic shooter out there.
76561198091265446,Recommended,393380,26532927,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,HVX1,Amazing realistic game!
,Recommended,393380,23806136,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Chxnce,The game plays and feels better than Project Reality and vehicles have not even been implemented yet. Devs communicate with the community well and seem to be making solid development progess.
,Recommended,393380,21453892,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,701Dirty,fun
,Recommended,393380,31105828,Posted: 12 April,all,MIKEHATESYOU,Goodbye Heroin.  Hello Squad
76561198279168538,Recommended,393380,20794590,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,sNex-,"Great game for anyone especially fans of tactical fps games. It reminds of Americas Army 2.x just a lot more in depth, much bigger maps, better graphics but stratergy and communication is a must."
,Recommended,393380,20518728,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,ndgo -asf,Make the screaming stop. The medic is dead. Please stop screaming.Would have traumatic experience again 11/10
76561198050104762,Recommended,393380,20598371,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,HiddenSquid,I love this game.
,Recommended,393380,20703249,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,[1st SSF] Barbu,Great game!
76561197971138232,Recommended,393380,33198449,Posted: 3 July,all,SebastianSpock,Only game I've ever played that literally stresses me out.10/10 Would get PTSD again.
,Recommended,393380,20599416,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Deathblade711,"Favorite Moment in Squad:""GRENADE!! MOVE MOVE MO--""*boom*Actual Review:It's really fun, kind of like if CSGO, Insurgency, and Arma 3 were all put together. This time, being a Medic is actually fun and you have just as much importance as the Squad leader. Most of the game is putting your trust in your superior to communicate with the other groups to tactfully take down the enemy, and othertimes base building. My only complaint is the steep learning curve and it's also kind of hard to tell terrorist from ally."
,Recommended,393380,20600592,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Dad,Sargent o7
76561198255404342,Recommended,393380,25597311,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,TicklishPicklewickle,"I love this game, my girlfriend does not. 10/10 would bang"
76561198398461818,Recommended,393380,34024507,Posted: 4 August,all,SycO,"Pros-Great realism shooter-Very tactical-People take it serious, any messing about, cheating/exploiting bugs and you get permanently banned-1-2 shots and you are dead-Decent graphics-Can build FOB's-Have to re stock the logistics truck-Have to go back to your main base or FOB to repare your vehicle(s)Cons-Not alot of servers-If you are in a Squad and you don't speak English or their language they will kick you-People can lock squads now, so they can kick people leaving them without a squad and have to lone wolf-You need a beast pc to run this with max everything-Bad optimisationOverallDecent game, graphics are pretty bad to say you need a beast to run it. Good combat system, every squad has 1 of each role, for example each squad can have 2 Medics, 1 Rifleman, 1 LMG gunner, 1 Anti tank and so on. It really replicates a squad and rewards team workOverall Rating8/10"
76561198002569242,Recommended,393380,34032004,Posted: 4 August,all,v44n,"I want to start my first review on a video game by giving you a list, If you don't like any of these games on the list, make yourself a favor and don't buy Squad and stop reading the review It should't have anything interesting for you.Battlefield 2Red orchestra 2ArmaProyect Reality(I can keep on but you get my point)If you like those games I highly recomend you to buy Squad, I will tell you why in a moment. If you didn't play those games, you may don't know if you like it or not, Try to get at least one of those before you buy Squad. I am sure you can find them cheap. If you like it keep reading.Myth 1*: Squad is a Hardcore game where the community hate COD players.Some people things that Squad is a military game where every player knows something about military stuff, that you have to know that to play squad. People thing that the learning curve to play squad is big.As a player who has more than 150+ hours in the game, I can tell you that you can play the game, and you will never need to know things about the military, and the learning curve is pretty small, you will get it playing around.Myth 2*: If you don't like teamplay this is not a game for you.You don't have to like teamplay to play squad, YOU will be doing teamplay by playing squad, do you think squad players go to every other game and doing the best for the team?, NO. I am sure they will play as genji in overwatch sometimes, and no picking suppport on League of legends.So If you don't like teamplay why you will be doing teamplay? because If you are reading this is because you like one or more of those game in the list, and in those games there is teamplay. And for my experience in this types of games, the game mechanics give you the road to teamplay, is the gameplay that you will be following you Squad Leader on almost every game on Squad. You are going to join to a squad and you will hear some guy speaking pretty friendly to tell you want to do, and you will be doing what he told you, not because you are the best teamplayer in the world, not because he is the best Squad Leader in Squad, because of the game.Myth 3*: The game is pretty boring you will be runnning for 10 min and dying without knowing why.Acctualy the only lie about this Myth is that the game is not boring, Yes you will be running for 10 min and you will die, you are not going to see the enemy, you will never know if you kill an enemy, and probably you will hate the game.But is not boring,  Squad is maybe one of the most intense game on the market. you will have some experiences in the game that any game will give. So why is so intense if you will only running and dying?. This game is like a terror movie, you will never find a terror movie where every second of the movie there is a scream of a witcher trying to scare you. Why not? that is the idea behind a terror movie, that it will scare you. You are getting the idea, that terror movie will be the worst terror movie ever because will scare no one, you will be crazy after 1 min or pretty boring of the same type of scream. Most of the games today try to ""scare"" you all the time, like Battlefield 1, epic moments everywhere every time, respawn everywhere after 6 sec, action every sec. You know how much time you played battlefield 4 or battlefield 1, yes a couple of days and you got tired of it (in most cases).In Squad you are building the experience since you respawn on, chatting on voip with your squad members, singing a song with them,  you will be building a base that you don't know why, running for 10 min, then some 30 sec of weird♥♥♥♥♥♥, shots, bombs, a lot of noise, and you are dead. But Next time It will be different, you are not going to be stupid next time, you know that if you die you have to wait 60 sec to respawn at 1000 meters from the action. I am telling you now, you will love to do it, doing♥♥♥♥♥♥for 10 min to get those 30 sec, because it will be epic. I can describe it with words. Every match on Squad will be different and every moment will be more epic the last one.Thanks you for reading and sorry for my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ english."
76561198280345281,Recommended,393380,33819071,Posted: 26 July,all,snake3332001,I love this game so much and I do recommend playing it. I run it on an i5 and it's ok on low settings although I really suggest upgrading to and i7 if possible because it really makes the difference.
76561198165827042,Recommended,393380,33086409,Posted: 1 July,all,Germ-X®,"peeks .0000000008mm above burm, gets sniped from 403m away by a 30mm"
,Recommended,393380,26532937,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,cardgame,I'm never playing Battlefield again. Highly recommend this game.
76561198315579225,Recommended,393380,33266745,Posted: 5 July,all,★Corgy★,Well its sucks to say it but this game gives me PTSD
,Recommended,393380,21311173,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Sodium Chloride,I have a little story to tell.Allow me to set the stageTeam: United StatesMap: I don't remember but it was in the desertRole: HeavyGame mode: AAS(Assault And Secure)Scenario: We were hunting insurgents in the city we were in two teams one team of 3 and one team of 6. We had lost comms with the squad leader so two of our men took control they both stayed with the group of 6. I was heavy gunner for the group of 3 witch consisted of a medic scoped rifleman and me. We were approaching capture point Delta Bridge when ak47 fire erupted out of a near by building. We all hit the deck. Slowly we crawled backwards toward the adjacent building to the one in which the insurgents were contained. We made it back to the building and the medic patched us all up. Meanwhile the insurgent approached the building using a wall as cover. The team knew we didn't have much time until they attacked. We were fortunately keeping up comms with the rest of the squad and they were sending help. This help however was on the other side of the map. All of the sudden the s*** hit the fan. Bullets began to zip through the air next to our shoulders and over our heads. I went prone and lied down it the door way. The medic was taking cover and occasionally providing cover fire and the rifleman was in the second story firing hard and fast. I managed to take out two of EM when the grenades came the first one hit the rifleman he was done for. The medic went up to help him when the second grenade came in through the same window and took him out.I was all alone.I then managed to get two more but they were focusing all fire upon me. I needed help and fast. Thankfully help arrived the 3 men sent to aid me including a medic hit the them from behind taking all of them out. We went on to win the match.I'd give this game a 10/10 and any fps fans need to get it if they are looking for a realistic mil-sim experience.
,Recommended,393380,33779629,Posted: 24 July,all,Defcon101,Imagine arma but actually good.
,Recommended,393380,31163368,Posted: 15 April,all,KamenAkuma,The Arma and Isurgency Love Child. Fun and Hard but it would be fun with friends... :( i dont have any pliz add me
76561197975404855,Recommended,393380,33213706,Posted: 3 July,all,Mygraine,"Kicked from squad because I got lost on the map, they didnt even leave me with a grenade to kill myself.. Totally rad. Nice folks, good times. Also would like to point out to the devs that not everyone uses Right Mouse for scope, it would be rad if we could change that in the settings, but dont worry, Logitech picked up your slack."
76561198058377988,Recommended,393380,31532350,Posted: 3 May,all,McKay,"If you're craving to get PTSD, this is the game for you"
76561198097679276,Recommended,393380,26774204,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,sweatshop,Have only played for a few hours but my god has it got my attention! it's such a gripping game would defiently recommend it to anyone.
,Recommended,393380,26530111,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,FsDxRAGE,ARMA III + Insurgency + Red Orchestra: Ostfront 1941-1945 = Squad. I love it.
,Recommended,393380,35122657,Posted: 22 September,all,Vladimr Lenin | Pvpro.com,Fun Game.
76561198000250015,Recommended,393380,26541256,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Sushidad,Great game!
76561198158502598,Recommended,393380,31047358,Posted: 9 April,all,xXKryptonite,"Squad is a very team based game as many of you already know. in my book, this is one of my top games i play. 10/10 i love this game. if you like realistic shooters that are very immersive, then this is the game for you. very tactical, very intense and sometimes you literally forget that you are playing a game. it has a pretty steep learning curve to it, but once you get the hang of it you will be happy you sepnt the money on it. i recommend this game to anyone who like Arma king of the hill and other games like that... this is just more hardcore.Ps. please if you buy this game, go watch a tips for beginners guide. this game relies on those that keep it very millitary. we do not want people talking non stop over the coms. it gets in the way of the being able to hear vital information you and your other squad mates might be relaying."
76561198025318370,Recommended,393380,31044734,Posted: 9 April,all,Papa JJ,Only have a few hours on this IP and im already in love. Everything a realistic FPS needs with more to come. Well worth your money
76561198046162047,Recommended,393380,35011450,Posted: 16 September,all,Vic Vinegar,Joined the insurgent team.2 guys constantly talking with middle eastern accents.We take a capture point and one guy puts an IED out on the road.Moments later a humvee full of troops comes speeding by and blows up right in front of us.Everyone yells aluah akbad and fires guns into the air.10/10 syrian rebel simulator.
,Recommended,393380,31362959,Posted: 25 April,all,Ayeru,"Needs improvement, but is worth supporting"
76561197986541538,Recommended,393380,26553266,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Multihog,"This is a great thinking man's FPS game that is very social. It's all about interacting with your squad (and other squads) and teamwork.You have a squad voice chat, and you have a proximity chat. It's really cool to chat with the buddies next to you, and it really has a feel of you being there; in other words, it's immersive. The squad leaders can communicate with each other, plan teamwork between squads, and order supplies that are used for building bases, among other things.The gameplay is on point as well: the shooting feels great, the sound is perfect, graphics nice, etc, etc.You really have to think what you're doing, or you'll just end up dead. You can't rush blindly into the enemies and expect to win. To succeed, you have to work with your squad and plan ahead. The world needs more FPS-games like this."
,Recommended,393380,26551269,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,polysemy,A lot of fun. Devs regularly update with optimizations and new content.
,Recommended,393380,31617223,Posted: 7 May,all,Wojtek Kjottmeis,"One of the best games ive ever played. Every game on any server on any map is fantastic, with action packed firefights. There is no other game I know where you can find people who communicate and work together ALL THE TIME"
76561198072062246,Recommended,393380,31013639,Posted: 8 April,all,iTz NOBODY,"Great game very realistic and requires thought and tactics to play decently , always updating with new in game items and bug fixes, if my game where to be removed from my library i would buy again without any thought 10/10"
76561198255805493,Recommended,393380,26540385,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Hank Hell,Battlefield for men.
,Recommended,393380,26552059,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,SectorOnPc,"Good Game, kinks need to be worked out, but hey we're getting there."
,Recommended,393380,26553201,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,MagicDog,"1st time playing.In a ditch, getting shot at with my squad(two other guys), Squad leader said ""Stay down everyone, wait for back up!"" we all replied with ""Roger"" 5 mins go by. Squad leader sticks his head up, and looks around and said ""I think its"" BANG BANG BANG, He hits the ground! He starts yelling at me for help but we dont have a medic. So I ask if if he needed me to write down any final last words before he released his spirit to heaven(respawn). He muttered ""Nickelback is the best gosh-darn band of 2016"" then died. I will never forget his name, it was Sackrider. I will never forget you sarge!If you like to role play this game is for you.Its like Arma and Insurgency in one."
,Recommended,393380,23741304,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,"Manergy, The Great","Make a bad choice, you die.Miss your target, you die.Fire guns blazing like Rambo in an open field, you die.Play with your squad and follow orders, you may still die.Overall, a solid milsim that keeps things fairly simple and easy to learn."
,Recommended,393380,23824500,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,NobleThug,"Great game but has a lot of performance issues. Even when I set graphics to low, I only get 16 fps. No difference between epic and low graphics settings. (same fps, graphics are awesome) Need to be fixed."
,Recommended,393380,23881633,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,MartinWarrrior,"Its absolutetly fantastic, recomend turning down graphics for some users though. Some crashes, as expected, but not very frequent at all. The Community is FANTASTIC! They help new players, and are good sports."
,Recommended,393380,24218445,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Refaim,"This game, This game is the basis for a game that will dominate the FPS market. It is the perfect shooter. This game is in Alpha. It is going to take some time to get all of the content in game that is found in Project Reality, but when that day comes, It will even give ARMA a run for its money. I really feel like this game should teach ARMA what it means to be a realistic ""game"". It has a balance to it that is not found in other parts of the gaming world. I personally can not wait until we have vehicles and aircraft."
76561198018332261,Recommended,393380,24242621,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Kessler,"You dont get a lot of content atm (early access so it seems legit for now) yet solely on the gameplay you can see the potential this game have.It's great when you coordinate with your squadmates and you manage to win (or at least die trying :P) and you feel that your actions have direct effect over the battle and you are not just playing for K/D and stuff like it.One of the biggest pro's of this game can also be his greatest weakness and it's the fact that your experience is mostly based on the people you are playing with... find a nice group of guys and you'll have a great time, on the other hand if you find yourself with people that have no idea over what is teamwork or maybe you like going lone wolf you'll end up bored pretty quickly and later on frustrated.To sum up i would say:The game need to be polished a lot (animation and movement) but the core is good, yet the game characteristics does not fit everyone...I personally liked it and as long as the devs will keep on pushing the game i think the road ahead is looking good (Just hope it wont turn into a DayZ style of develpment...)"
,Recommended,393380,24377650,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Daddy,"My original review was a downvote for just one reason that's been solved.If you've played ArmA and Insurgency, this game is probably for you. It takes some of the best of both worlds into a highly teamwork oriented game with a ""hardcore"" simulation experience.I haven't played a ton of this game, but I enjoyed the majority of it (even during most of the hacker rushes). The gunplay is satisfying, maps are big and no ""You're out of bounds, get back in or we'll kill our own men"" nonsense.The only thing to note is that having a MICROPHONE is a MUST. Typing in the middle of combat is impractical, and often you will want to talk with your teammates, but won't get information out in time. One thing that's a blessing and a curse is that the chat isn't obtrusive or distracting, which means people without mics tend to have no voice since most people won't pay attention to chat.If you're not okay with taking orders and filling team roles, don't buy this game. It's not for you. You will get frustrated, butt heads with your squad lead, your squad members, and other squads. If you don't learn to work as a team, you will screw your team over, and you'll also have no fun. If you have problems with these things, you'll probably refund the game shortly afterwards, or wish you had. Combat can be intense, but is still tactical and relatively slow paced at its climax. You will be blown up by RPGs and grenades, you will be shot by people from long ranges without knowing where, you will be flanked and have your entire squad wiped by a single lone wolf who caught you off guard. Time to kill is very fast, with an average of 2 shots to kill anyone with most weapons (except pistols). The best advice is to learn, take it slow, be aware of your surroundings, and have a microphone to communicate.PROS:-Big, good looking maps with no out of bounds restrictions and plenty of routes to take-Weapons ""feel good"". Some may disagree, but the weapons are meant to be more realistic, so learn how to use them.-(Psuedo PRO) Game is difficult and frustrating, so most who stay tend to be open minded or know what they're doing, meaning that the lesser players weed themselves out.Cons:-Animations... need work. You'll see plenty a medic with their upper body stuck up in the air while prone and healing friendlies (the same happens when you try to throw a grenade)-Weapon swapping and reloading is really really slow. I know it's intentional, but there are times where it takes forever to reload a gun during a firefight, and you know a guy's coming around the corner. All you can feel is ""♥♥♥♥ING GUY HURRY UP AND RELOAD, SOMEONE'S TRYING TO KILL YOU"" as you watch your character take his sweet time admiring the weapon while reloading. Ocelot would be proud.-This isn't a big problem for me, but something I do wish was in the game. I don't notice any bullet drop. Ever. I've played all the marksman roles, and I just can't notice anything. There's bullet speed, but no drop. Not a big problem, more of a peeve of mine in sim shooters.-Maps are giant. If you don't work well with your team, you'll be walking 5-10 minutes to avoid being shot on approach to areas, but it's worth doing.As much as I like this game, at its current state, I'd pay $25-$30 dollars for it, not $40. When vehicles come out later this month, 100% worth its current price, and probably more on full release.Please, if you aren't into teamwork, hardcore sim combat, and long boring treks in the forest, don't buy this game. Do us and you a favor and stay with CS:GO or whatever it is. You will not have fun.Anyways, thanks a bunch to the devs! A few slips and slow ups here and there, but the game is coming along well. One of the few early access games that I don't feel bad about buying."
,Recommended,393380,24719666,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Misførtune,Got more kills camping an enemy FOB with my Makarov then I did with any other gun. Accuracy over Fire Rate clearly :)
,Recommended,393380,25249177,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,JustSkillfull,Games in it's infantsy. If you feel battlefield 4 is too arcadey.. then this is your game!
,Recommended,393380,25271578,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Knuckle Crunch,"Amazing community of players willing to 'play' the game. I often forget it's an early access game, and it's a constant treat seeing the new updates come from a hugely committed team of developers.Looks great. Plays great and is always evolving. 100% worth the investment, even at this stage."
,Recommended,393380,25416908,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,gh0st,"Updated review after 7.6 patch:Squad is an excellent FPS that involves a lot of strategy and teamwork. I don't think I've played a FPS where communication and teamwork is more important. Having a mic or being able to at least hear your team is critical.The large maps enable multiple strategies to be used. This can create variety for each time you play a map. Sometimes a map you've played multiple times before can feel new. I love this in comparison to CoD/BF where it is a sandbox but, almost feels linear and definitely repetitive.I haven't had any fatal errors or technical problems with the game in a while which is a huge relief. Hopefully the performance update coming will help which isn't terrible but, needs improvement."
76561198034668007,Recommended,393380,25515061,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,NoLook,After about 12 hours on this game I can say that this is one of my most favorite games of recent memory. The game itself has a long way to go but you cannot get an experience like this anywhere else. If you like ARMA and Insurgency then you will love this game. The devs are always listening and are involved in the community. It needs some optimizations but overall this is a great game.
,Recommended,393380,26555301,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Zankoas,"Good game, a lot of fun and runs well, easily worth £15"
,Recommended,393380,26561317,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Drixu,"Great tactical experience, if you are fan of Arma series and love the realism but want a bit faster pace then you definitely should look at Squad. See ya on battlefield"
76561197970785554,Recommended,393380,20549813,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Hal_2005,"Imagine an ARMA milsim with no latency, proper in game communication and your rig does not need its own leaseback program (or a time share with NASA). I know, surreal. Squad is that game.Just don't expect sympathy for being a lone wolf who gets the squad wiped. Spawn camping is a thing, as are crouchshot snipers.10/10. Everyone should give this game a shot, pun intended."
,Recommended,393380,21370452,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Predator23,This is a great game already...u can feel it even if this isnt the full version...the only problem for them now is how to made the game rewarding(ranking system???)  good players without destroying teamwork spirit!
,Recommended,393380,22471710,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Valletta Meme Master,Its pretty fun when you are getting attacked from all sides and your team is just amassing gunfire at anything that moves.
,Recommended,393380,22682013,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,TorniQuetHD,Awesome game so far and looking forward to what the devs have got lined up for future releases!! If you want to get the full experience from this game a working microphone is a MUST!!
,Recommended,393380,23577438,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,The Mighty Svojan,One of the best games I´ve played in a long time
,Recommended,393380,23593257,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,[TLR] DougieC,"Great game if you take it for what it is, a pre-release beta.Basics are all good and dev's are constantly working to develope and update.Game mechanics are good, couple of glitches now and again but nothing that stops overall game play.Most important point to note is play it as it was designed. It's not BF, COD or any other FPS, it doesn't try to be. It's a milsim. If the squad needs to sit on a hill for an hour or go recce FOB's to help overall game win then that's what you do. No getting bored after 5 minutes and trying to go lone wolf and rack up lots of kills, nobody cares about your K/D.Squad forum seems decent and most are helpful, a few know it alls that preach from a pedastel but just take that with a pinch of salt and ignore.Hardware wise, i've seen a few negative reviews complaining about low FPS. Get real, if it's low then you need to upgrade, plain and simple. Current gen cpu/gpu pisses all over it.Looking forward to it evolving and glad to be part of main pre-release."
,Recommended,393380,23728392,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,aR | Stunner07,Have tons of fun playing with with friends! And the game is still in alpha!Highly recommend. Thumbs up!
,Recommended,393380,23742036,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Lieutenant Dan,"If you want a fun and tactical game, this is it. Teamwork and communication are key in this game, I would recommend having a microphone upon purchase. 340 hours into this game and no end in sight! See you on the battlefield!"
,Recommended,393380,23789802,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,sKiN,"Fantastic game, no vehicles in it as yet, but its looking to be a top game once fully devoloped. A bit pricey, but well worth it."
76561198064816837,Recommended,393380,23869418,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,AndyG,"Big PR , Arma fan; finally bought this gem while on summer sale, could not be happier.  After nine hours of gameplay I am excited to see where the developers take things.  The potential is high for this one to be the nicely packaged tactical milsim we have all be wanting.  In it's current state I still prefer Project Reality due to such things as breacher role, vehicles, picking up of kits etc.. but I am happy with my purchase and will continue to jump in and play squad while it is being developed.  Great small project to get behind when so many seem to be taking the money and running."
76561198095694201,Recommended,393380,23872612,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,[RIP] Jee,"Fantastic game, one of the few i come back to time and time again.New buyers should be aware that the game is in ALPHA STAGE and as such is fairly limited in what you can actually do right now. Vehicles are hopefully being added in the next update and they make regularly updates to the maps themselves.They keep us well informed with the work they're doing and its one of the best multiplayer FPS games i've ever played.Be aware that teamwork and comunication is key, if you dont have a mic then buy one before you buy this game. You'll need it."
76561197994280936,Recommended,393380,23901536,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,DJ BÖGLYFT,"Everything I had hoped it would be.This is the best of ARMA 3, Insurgency and Battlefield in 1 complete package."
,Recommended,393380,23942695,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,^4JB^7L^1ZR,"My negevz this is for my squad, this is for my squadThis is for my squad, this is for my squadThis is for my squad, this is for my squadThis is for my squad my negevz"
,Recommended,393380,23945387,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Jeffieyboy,"As a UN correspondent, I've had the privilege of observing several tours.  Being thrown into large scale battles and small skirmishes alike, I can honestly say that if this isn't real life.... I don't know what else is.Journalist Approved 100/10Signing off,Jeff Jefferies (UN Journalist)"
76561198094077315,Recommended,393380,24062935,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Jesus,"This game is surprising right on track for what the devs want to deliver. Most people provide a very organized squad experience, with SL's communicating with each other, and in turn the leaders communicating well with the squad. Players tend to stay objective oriented and atually play the game the way it was inteded to.I wasn't sure about this game at first, as it was reccommended by a friend, but it's turned out to be a fantastic mix between Battlefield action and Arma realism, definitely suggest a look!"
,Recommended,393380,24085889,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,maRo,"Squad is an Incredible experience! Running around ditches and rivers while hearing bullets fly past your head is or sitting with five other squadmates in a tiny room hearing shots and explosions coming from the outside are just a few things you will experience while playing this game. Squad offers a realistic military experience like no other game before, The gun sounds are on point, the voip is perfect and the gameplay leaves not much to ask for. One of my favourite shooters made me uninstall Battlefield 4 from my PC forever.9/10 Where are my Vehicles?!"
76561198049491431,Recommended,393380,24241459,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,JarisTheDestroya,JUST BUY IT!
,Recommended,393380,25018291,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,[1stMA Co.A] Pvt. shadowranger,"Its like arma but a bit faster paced and less clunky. Fans of arma, insrugency, or verdun will enjoy. Teamwork is essential and squad provides a great tactical experience. Being in alpha it still had its share of bugs but is for the most part playable, although intereupted occasionally by ""fatal error""."
,Recommended,393380,25022349,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Vexiboungi \SpecOE/,"- Im a squad leader- Enemy BTR inbound- ""Hold fire""- BTR goes on a crossroad- ""Open fire!""- 2 50. cals starts opening fire from a hill nearby- Anti Tank guy stands up- Shoots his rocketlauncher- Direct hitWe took down that BTR in under 5 sec"
,Recommended,393380,25309572,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,ok ?,"An okay game in its current state with great potential. You'll need a pretty good computer to run it though, which kind of sucks, and I've heard that AMD users have had terrible experiences with the game. Same developers as on Project Reality, so most likely they won't fail us. I'm sure this will be a great game when it's done. I don't like early access games, but I trust in the developers on this one.EDIT: I trusted in the developers and they ♥♥♥♥ing delivered! The game runs sooo amazing now."
,Recommended,393380,25381708,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Kanex,"8.5/10 not bad at allthe game is as described, no hackers, bit laggy but smooth gameplay, very strategic and cooperative, very very big maps, 1 session of gameplay can take very very long so make sure you got time for this, good features such as base building, dynamics are good.IF you could add some NPC's and make some more characters/skins or maybe even animals that would be great, expand the weapon cache and arsenal aswell.one of the most successful FPS's out there. stands on with the same line with arma on my opinion, even better at the strategy section."
76561198063909408,Recommended,393380,25434117,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,4n4mul,"If Arma had smoother movements, higher/realistic sound quality (without mods), locked in first person (for immersion), base building, intense fire fights = Squad"
,Recommended,393380,25479391,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,ZARA,"I love this games. But it´s still not perfect.I have a really good pc, and frames are nasty... so low that I could not believe.DOSOMETHING"
76561198168690505,Recommended,393380,25932286,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,✡KINGELI✡,"If you like games like Arma you will most definitely love this one, it's still needs a lot of work but its already looks and feels so realistic and responsive."
76561198039943493,Recommended,393380,26066502,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Nimrod,"If your looking for a tactical Shooter that´s a little less hardcore realistic  like ARMA, but definitely more arcady and casual like Battlefield or COD, look no further. THIS IS YOUR GAME.No hitindikatorsNo AchievmentsNo PerksNo LonewolvingNo praise for K-DJUST the brutal gritty frontline combat. You and your Squad under fire ( in most awesome Soundquality), communicating (with nice ingame VoIP) to find an kill the enemy, working as a Team to achieve the obejective and win the game.There are those moments when you really work as a Squad, your Squadleader shouting orders, the machinegunner supressing the enemy with heavy fire, while you and two men of your sqaud flank the enemy and light them up.Or when your base is under heavy attack, your mates shouting for help while they bleed, grenades exploding in your compound and you sit in your corner, huddled against a wall to defend one entrance, a humvee comes up and rips you to shreds with its 50cal.These are the moments that stick with you.But there are also moments of endless walking, a bad squadlead not giving orders, or the squad not working together, not communicating. Trust me all will be forgotten when you experience your first heavy firefight firsthand.Game is still in Early Access, so there are some bugs here and there. It was really bad during Implemantation of Vehicles. But constant hotfixes adressed most issues. So thanks to the devs the game is improving steadily.There are still FPS issues, AMD Useres espeacially have  a hard time, but I don´t mind playing on 20FPS. The Moments as described stay the same in 60 or in 20 FPS.This game is, for most people imho, well worth its money.For it still has a bright future ahead ( Mortars!!!, improved building, more vehicles, endless possibilities what it can achieve)"
,Recommended,393380,26526063,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,hass,"Taxing to run on some machines, but it's a good game. Devs put in work and you get a really immersive experience. Teamwork like no other and its fun being in tight-knit squads"
,Recommended,393380,26526720,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Elkiiins,"BEST TEAMWORK GAME EVER !! I hope this game will be in the future like Project Reality on BF2 !! LOVE IT !! need more work but is alpha ""WIP"" soo yeah is realy good for alpha game !"
,Recommended,393380,28842305,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Canada Goose,>Takes Squad Leader>Gets ordered to defend Slums>Take my squad to slums with a HUMVEE>Build fortifications>Repels gopnik Russian attack with 2 50.'s>They proceed with another ♥♥♥♥♥ attack and we all die>Second Squad comes in and sends them back to Russia>Gets commended for my fort as it helped the other squad1000/10 would recommend this to anyone
76561198058835260,Recommended,393380,28987050,Posted: 3 January,all,Promo,"Squad. I tried this game out on free-weekend. Coming from a run and gun kinda background (Doom, Quake, CS, DoD, etc) it was a little hard to get into. I didn't know how to play so there was a lot of running around. Lucky for me Squad has an amazing community, and veterans quickly took noobs under their wing.Out of all the games I've played over the years, this has had some of the most intense combat moments. My second game we were all ambushed on a road with our 2 humvees. 1 humvee made it up the road into the village. The men in the second humvee were all bleeding out. We quickly re-organized and by using the second humvee as cover, we slowly backed it down the road to get those guys up. It was just an amazing experience.Pros:-Great map building (There always seems to be a great fire fight going on)-Great sound effects (Gun battles are intense)-Huge amount of room for people to work as a team-Community. (If you're a solo player you won't regret trying to meet people in this game)-Gameplay is fun an fairly easy to learn-Solid dev team-Active server admins (Most servers have admins on all the time so TKer's/griefers get booted quick)Cons:-Some bugs are still present but I haven't found one that is game-breaking or makes me want to insta-quit.I figure I should put more cons but I just can't really think of anything else that really bothers me. Everytime I log in I enjoy my experience. I guess thats the bottom line. After almost 80 hours recorded, I still haven't logged out without having a good time."
76561198283304262,Recommended,393380,29268763,Posted: 15 January,all,halofanaah,"So I've never written a review before but here it goes.The first thing I did in the game was go to the firing range, I tested the effective range of the M4, ran various drills, and generally tried to learn the controls. I then joined my first game and sucked really hard. After a few more games (with the help of some of the players) I learned more of the fine points of the game. I realized it was way more fun than it should be to run around with nothing but a medkit and heal people and that making super fobs requires a LOT of shoveling. I tried my hand at parkour and fell quite a bit. After a while I actually started to do pretty well. Then people decided I was ready to lead my first squad. (the server was running low on players at this time so it was good practice) We tried to push but ultimately got pinned down by a CROWS M2. We tried to take it out but the gunner was much too skilled and our AK's had little effect on the vehicle. At that point I knew what I had to do to keep my men alive. I negotiated the unconditional surrender for my men so they could survive the onslaught. As my men shamefully walked down the road with their shame shovels in hand the CROWS watched them. The tension was very thick at that moment and I hoped for my men's safety. Buuuuuut, while they CROWS was busy making sure my men weren't doing anything sketchy I had a lone anti-tanker flank around back and he opened fired and destroyed the HMMWV. The gunner rage quit and left and we all celebrated. But now the server was empty and we were alone. We all gathered into a circle while I, their leader pulled the pin on a grenade. We shared some last parting words and expressed our newfound sense of brotherhood. I then dropped the grenade in the middle of our circle and we commited mass sudoku.10/10 Best, ending to a game I've ever had. Amazing community so far."
76561198145608252,Recommended,393380,29533732,Posted: 27 January,all,«V» AceWinchester,"Great game, dont buy unless you are prepared for the realistic environment and combat situations."
76561198049403360,Recommended,393380,29875870,Posted: 12 February,all,Janlin,"Amazing game, lots of fun and requires to actually communicate and cooperate with your team. Although not very well optimized (because it's still in alpha), it has A LOT of potential! :)"
,Recommended,393380,30269417,Posted: 1 March,all,smithevan98,"Great game and realistic but what makes the game so great for me is it's based on teamwork and communication which I love.Would love if they added a jungle map and more weapons.Can honestly say if you enjoy realism, fps and teamwork, then this game is definately worth a purchase."
,Recommended,393380,30614215,Posted: 19 March,all,ThePirat3Crew,"Realistic shooter, not for CoD players xP"
76561198089818843,Recommended,393380,30629849,Posted: 19 March,all,Quick_Bisquick,This Game is alot of fun. Multiple times I've been scared senseless because of the explosion and gunfire.
76561198174619442,Recommended,393380,30930090,Posted: 3 April,all,TheWorldWarrior,"Time to review this product Squad is an amazing game where you coordinate your attacks precisely and win the game it doesn't get much complex than that if you enjoyed Project Reality you will enjoy this even though its still in Alpha at this review it still feels like a complete game I have no performance issues a really easy game to run on max settings Now the way the guns feel they did a good job on it feels completely realistic Recoil,Bullet travel sounds its pretty awesome lets talk about servers now and how other people cooperate If you are playing a regular server sometimes you get communication from your teammates and sometimes you don't ever hear anything don't act like you can't control this if there is space for a squad lead become it and try to communicate as much as you can with other squads and players in your squad people in your squad you have to be disicipline even though its a video game they need to listen to your orders and not run off doing there own thing the more there are of you the better off this game is ""Communication"" is the key to sucess in this game and even if you loose you will still feel good and have a sense of accomplishment Death is inevitable in this game you will ♥♥♥♥ up and die I'm not here to train you how to prevent this I'm here to review the game I'd rate this a 8/10"
76561198163796542,Recommended,393380,28955806,Posted: 2 January,all,Ellru,"I was a soldier of mother Russia. As a medic, my role is to help the wounded to get back on their feet. We were told to hold the Papanov base when the Americans started their relentless attack. People immediately started dropping one by one. I was the only medic there. People started screaming for me to help them.""MEDIC! THEY GOT ME! HELP!""I hopelessly said ""Hold on!"" as i was cowering behind the Hesco bastion while bullets and explosions were everywhere around the base. When they were close to bleeding out completely, they started to scream even harder""MEDIC PLEASE! I'M GONNA DIE I NEED HELP! I'M BLEEDING OUT! COME TO ME PLEASE!""Pressured by the cries of the wounded, i started to move out but as soon as i peeked my head out, an MG started to immediately fire at me as the friendly forces were running out. I got hit bad but was able to patch myself up. ""They got me pinned! I'm so sorry i can't get to you man!"" I yelled.""PLEASE MAN! YOU CAN'T LEAVE ME LIKE THIS! HELP ME ALREADY!""I cowered in that hesco bastion for 3 minutes which felt like an eternity as the cries of the wounded were calling me to help them. The Americans must've thought that they got me. One by one they started to die off and by the time help came, they were all dead. The reinforcements quickly wiped out the Americans in less than a minute as they also took heavy casualties themselves. As the situation started to quiet down, I realized i did nothing in that whole firefight. Didn't even fire a single shot. I just cowered behind the hesco bastion, hoping it was going to end soon while leaving everyone else to death. I was the only survivor. I can still hear the cries of the wounded in the night. The feeling of leaving someone to die off when you could help them is horrifying10/10 Being medic is awesome."
76561198201657782,Recommended,393380,29071012,Posted: 6 January,all,Cherry,"Amazing game. Easy to pick up and gives you plenty of ""sweaty palm"" moments. 10/10"
76561198122775626,Recommended,393380,29217471,Posted: 12 January,all,hoothooters,"Very in depth war multiplayer simulator, by far my favorite shooting game. Community is pretty good but there will always be knuckle heads in every game. Its awsome to have good communications and different strategys for every situation. By far the best sound effects fo any game iv played! nothing compares to this game."
,Recommended,393380,29244594,Posted: 14 January,all,dcpdx,"Great game! Remember that it is in early release/alpha state when you play. There are some bugs, but not any worse than other games that are 'released' *cough*ARMA*cough*. The comms in this game are what really set it apart. You have local chat (players near you), squad chat (your squad of 9), and then the squad leader also has a voice channel with all the other squad leaders. This enables much better collaborative gameplay than other games in the genre."
76561198084975819,Recommended,393380,29510165,Posted: 26 January,all,aLn|Squid-Insurgent,"The most Intense firefights I have ever had the Privilege to find myself in, every bullet that wips, cracks and slams into the earth around you, makes you feel the foreboading and Familiar feeling that you are a mortal man deep inside enemy held territory, and they are closed for visitors and loaded for bear. When squad really shines is when you find that one squad that just works well together, you have a solid Squad Leader and you find your self and your squad getting into and more importantly OUT of fire fights and taking and holding objectives. I cant praise this game enough, if your into mil-sims and you dont already have squad your not really inot mil-sims...There is a small learning curve to Squad so at first I HIGHLY recommend you start out as either a rifleman or medic until you get the lingo and the understanding of what is going on around you down, but the community is really for the most part very mature and willing to help out a greenhorn like yourself. you will have a great time with squad, and will come out of it each time with stories to tell and memories you wont be able to shake from your head.10/10 FIVE STARS - THUMBS UP - WORTH EVERY CENT"
,Recommended,393380,29545896,Posted: 28 January,all,[κρά] sneakysneaky1010,"This game is based around teamwork, cooperation, and comunicatiion. If your a lone wolf this game isnt for you. if you like working with a team and the satisfaction of controling a whole map then I highly reccomend this game. The game devs are also very active."
,Recommended,393380,29654108,Posted: 2 February,all,Good old Downey,"In all honesty this game has a stupid amount of potential, plus i just saw that the devs are working on a BAF update. If you want a hyper realistic game that you don't always need friends to play with then this is it, great graphics, sound quality is unbelieveable. I'm just for some sort of single player campiagn or even better a coop game mode."
,Recommended,393380,29687127,Posted: 4 February,all,Stoeger,"If you enjoy tactical team based games, then squad is for you. This is one of the few early access game's ive played that show real progress and promise. If i had to describe Squad i would call it a mix between old school battlefield and Arma. The community is small but welcoming to new players, and overall very friendly compared to most online games. The only downside i can think is the somewhat poor performance. If your pc is ancient like mine expect to get low frame's. The good news is, even at 30 fps the game is still very much playable. Positioning and tactics beat raw mechanical skill in this game most of the time. If your into games like Arma or Red orchesta you should give Squad a try."
76561198098064546,Recommended,393380,29837671,Posted: 10 February,all,Antonio,"This is by far the best game in its genre. It's slow paced and very tactical but if you are put in the right position and with a good squad♥♥♥♥♥♥goes down. It takes a good amount of game time to understand what's going on. Make sure you know how to understand grid refrences: for example: G,6 keypad 9, (just search up grid reference on google and click the wiki link that pops up). Use your compass and communicate with teamates as to where you're firing and where you see an enemy.Note: At the start of a game don't spawn in unless the squad leader says so or you'll be stranded at spawn and left to walk to the objective instead of spawning in on a rally point which sucks. I find this game a good balance between walking in game and actual firefights. If you've played arma this game is basically a little more dumbed down version, with less walking and running to get any action.I find it fun because i like games like this, I reccomend it but in the end you just have to try it for yourself to really see if you would enjoy this game. ALSO DON'T GET DISCOURAGED AT FIRST IF YOU'RE NEW TO GAMES LIKE THIS ONE. IT WILL BE HARD AT FIRST, TRUST ME I SUCKED AT IT. BUT IT GETS ♥♥♥♥ING GOOD IF YOU LEARN HOW TO PLAY. Ask people in Squad about things you don't understand, dont be shy they will help you because they don't want to loose the game."
,Recommended,393380,29846879,Posted: 11 February,all,⚡EliteSniper64⚡,"Very good game, its not very complicated. It might look complicated at first, but its easy to learn in 1 or 2 hours. It has a great player community. Best tactical realism shooter out there."
,Recommended,393380,29893513,Posted: 12 February,all,Spicy,You need a microphone to communicate with your squad. Always listen to your Squad leader. This game is at its peak when a Squad follows all the orders of its Squad leader. Treat it more like a simulator than an FPS and it will never stop getting your heart beating. The feeling of being part of a team is what makes this game great. This game is at its worst when you cannot find a good squad or squad leader. Strive to become a successful and knowledgeable squad leader to make this game even better.
76561197974235220,Recommended,393380,30931776,Posted: 3 April,all,[Han Solo],when you get a tactical squad its the best fps ever made
,Recommended,393380,30970267,Posted: 5 April,all,Horndawg,"This game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ If you're tired of the no strategy needed, constant chaos and one man army playstyle of your average fps and the learning curve and clunkiness of arma puts you off - this is the game for you. Brought the spark back for me and it's free weekend so give it a shot"
76561198130991318,Recommended,393380,30989172,Posted: 6 April,all,mahax666,"i have a asus crosshair 5 formula z with a AMD 9590 ,16mb ram and a 4gb 960gtx i held back from buying this game because of the issues with amd processors however i waited for this to be half price because for 6 months i wanted this game....i had to turn down my graphics settings down a notch and my fps in match is hanging in the 40s and low 50's so this game is playable and so far i am enjoying the hell out of this"
76561198072031112,Recommended,393380,31005063,Posted: 7 April,all,Dead>Red,"I have noticed a lot of confusion amongst new players, especially if they attempt to become Squad Leaders. I hope that this will inform any new players how to play as Squadleader, and why they'll enjoy doing it.>Join a game with a low ping>Make an awesomely-named Squad, such as ""Anti-Commie Squad"">Spend most of the intermission attempting to get two out of nine Squad members to go medic>Spawn in>Take a transport truck, and drive off of the nearest cliff to go off-roading (Hold Shift while doing this)>Make it to the first or second objective>Turn your soldiers into laborors as you wave an M9 at them, telling them to build a spawn bunker and other defenses>Watch as your now-irrelavent town becomes a wonderful military base>Declare yourself dictator, and tell other Squads that they'll have to pay a fee to pass>Fight off one rambo squad, and brag about how great your base did while the combat is happening four objectives away>Realize that all but one of your Squad members are running off to help in the combat>Take your last loyal Squad member and load up into a Stryker>Run down and slaughter the deserters in the name of Military-Base-landia>Get kicked for teamkilling>11/10 would become a hysterical dictator again------------------------------------Now, onto the serious review!Community - 9/10, credited to how friendly and helpful most of the people are.Combat - 8/10, due to it being fluid, manageable, and fun. Also, the guns sound amazing. However, the only reason it does not get a higher score is due to a lack of customization in terms of weapons. (For all the newbies out there, please. Learn how to use your grenades and smokes!)Customization - 6/10, because as of right now, the only customization you get is choosing a loadout, and deciding if your Squad will use vehicles or not. However, I believe that there will be more of a choice to the players in future updates.Maps - 8/10, as the maps that are provided are decent in size and compexity, without being overly-confusing.Vehicles - 7/10, because the vehicles are easy to handle and are useful. They also look and sound great. I believe that a greater diversity of vehicles (possibly air, once we get larger maps) will come from future updates."
76561198085717960,Recommended,393380,31007909,Posted: 7 April,all,Mr.Pickles,"I bought the game with $20 and I think this is one of the best games I bought with this money. I currently have a bad laptop so I run this game on the lowest settings but I will in a few motnhs upgrade my desktop to something better. Even in low settings, with very bad graphics (worse than Mario) I enjoyed playing in a squad and thinking what to do next, where to position, what to defend and so on. The shooting itself it's challenging and it's a very good feeling when you see an enemy going down.I would definitely recommend this game to everybody who doesn't want to shut down their brain while playing  a game!PS: The community is great. I hope it will stay the same until I buy a better computer and start palying this game hardcore."
,Recommended,393380,31009690,Posted: 7 April,all,[SFW]Doc.Tim Duncan,More realistic than BF and CODbut less realistic for ArmaSuitable for most FPS players
,Recommended,393380,31024534,Posted: 8 April,all,TheMightySaucyNugget,"I definately recommend this game to hardcore FPS fans out there. I'm not saying that if you like Call of Duty or Battlefield, you won't like this game, but the thing is that it relies a lot on teamplay, tactical gameplay and communication as well as a sense of maturity which are not really the focus of the two franchises I mentionned. This game is relatively hard for beginners to follow as it involves totally different spawn mechanic, as well as classes which are useful to specific context. It is really easy to die if you don't know what to do or where to go.Even if it's still in early access, it is really in a good point right now, so I would not wait until it is finished to experience it. (Bought it on sale for 21.99$ and it's worth every pennies)Still needs optimization and developpement, but as of right now, I give it a 9/10"
,Recommended,393380,31034105,Posted: 9 April,all,I Like Grapes,Amazing game. Realism is the best.
,Recommended,393380,31053504,Posted: 9 April,all,Andrew,"This game is a 10/10 in my book. One of the best videogame combat experiences I've had.ProsMassive Multiplayer CombatHuge servers contain many players for the best combat experience ever:- Russians can go against US Army, Militia, or Insurgents- US Army can go against Russians, Militia, or Insurgents- Militia can go against US Army or Russians- Insurgents can go against US Army or RussiansCombined Arms GameplayTerritorial strongholds are required to drain tickets of the other team. Usually your team will be assigned many APCs such as BTRs or Strykers, trucks, HMG humvees, or in some instances, technicals (machine gun trucks). On some maps, bikes are scattered in villages. Assigned classes are able to easily disable and destroy armored vehicles with rockets. But if used right, vehicles can lean the advantage to a team.Large Scale EnvironmentsMedium to massive maps vary, from the crowded forrests to the desolate deserts. Cities and villages usually contain objectives to capture and hold to drain the enemy team's tickets. You'll need a vehicle to traverse the land, or you'll be hiking a bit to get where you need to.Base BuildingSquad leaders can set up locations to fortify and reinforce points. For example, an objective which happens to be a bunker. The squad leader sets down corner foundations for sandbags, in which a soldier (and others) can take out their shovel and begin building it up. This is useful to make an FOB or HMG locations to hold down streets or high-traffic areas.Positional VoIP & RadioSquad leaders can radio to other squad leaders, soldiers can radio to their squad, and everyone can talk locally to not clog up radio transmission. This is a great feature because it causes less confusion and is extremely useful for callouts.Cons:Shooting is jumpy,BUTbecause of that, firefights are more intense and people are more careful of where they move [which is good].You can get stuck in some objectives when jumping over them, or inside sandbags that are being built [just be careful of where you're standing when people are building].If kicked out of a squad, all of your equipment is stripped and you only have a rifle [possibly a bug].If you throw a grenade and get downed, and a medic revives you, your character automatically throws another grenade at your feet, thus killing everyone around you [bug].Isn't actually 50v50. Highest I've seen is 42v42 on 80+2(reserved)slot servers, but perhaps there aren't too many 100 slot servers available, populated, or they're too hard to host. [I may be wrong!]Some things you should know:This game is EARLY ACCESS: that means there are still bugs (what game doesn't have em?), but they will be fixed as time goes and that also means that a TON of more features and additions to the game will be made, thus improving Squad's future as an FPS.There is no rank up system. This is good because there is still one good reward: having fun. And it also gives less reasons to cheat, teamkill, and boost. I've noticed that, regardless if my team wins or loses, we did our best and fought our hardest and I was happy regardless of the outcome. This game gives so many good experiences that losing doesn't matter, and the lack of a rank up system furthers that.Matches can go up to 2 hours. Usually they last about 1.5 hours before one team wins, or about an hour more or less if one team gets steamrolled. This gives time to make decisions, defend and fortify, attack and counterattack, flank, traverse the map, etc. The timeframe is perfect because all of my games end 30 minutes early, thus if some games take longer, they have time.This game is realistic. That's obvious. A couple shots and you're dead. One shot to the chest and you're bleeding heavily - if you don't bandage yourself, you're out. Medics are extremely important because they can do something that other people can't - revive. If you've been injured multiple times, you'll just die next time. But the first time you're injured, a medic can revive you before you bleed out. Medics are important near endgame too, when tickets count. Usually, when my team's tickets reach sub-100, people try to die less and respawn at FOBs less, thus slowing our ticket loss over time and giving Medics time to heal people.You will poop. Sometimes, this game scares the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you. Whether your squad will be hiking down a treeline and a BTR comes rolling by, or suddenly you're surrounded in a tight spot, you will be frightened. The screen blurs, it becomes harder to shoot, etc.This game is too good not to play. Though $40 seems a bit much, and it seems best to buy during sales, it's worth it (in my opinion). Great game overall, 10/10."
76561197981716582,Recommended,393380,31053855,Posted: 9 April,all,LavaJava,"If you like infantry combat in arma, buy this on sale right now.  Get ready for a learning curve and the most intense infantry milsim currently on the market.  The producers are smart, they are releasing vehicles in a way that is not OP.  Some maps, no vehicles (wishlist). If Modern infantry combat is your thing, this is your game, be a team player and have fun.  The medic is very rewarding to play. (cough) Looter where are you?"
,Recommended,393380,30860734,Posted: 31 March,all,loltrol48,Pure chaos and lots of destruction.What to expect:People screamingAlot of pressure when being fired atDeath------------What not to expect:No bullet dropExo jumpsHip firing accuracy (get back to cod you ♥♥♥♥ing casuals)Pokemons(Contains Russian bias)
76561198014608735,Recommended,393380,30898138,Posted: 2 April,all,Nico Kowal,SQUAD BEST GAME
76561197996648241,Recommended,393380,30933760,Posted: 3 April,all,Combatvet11b,I only have a few hours into this game but so far so good.1. This shooter is not for the faint of heart its like battelfield on steroids2. The graphics are great and sound is crisp3. You are playing against people not dumb AI so it is difficult to say the least4. There is a great community in this game with lots of helpful gamers to help you out5. Teamwork is literally everything in this game if you go trying to be rambo youll find yourself dead alot over and over
76561198002087504,Recommended,393380,30957643,Posted: 5 April,all,Homer Dalor,"I have sold that game back but i think this game is really good, i will just wait for a few updates for it to be even better! ++ The community is amazing!"
76561197976449640,Recommended,393380,31002531,Posted: 7 April,all,ur brother,Most intense game I've ever played.
76561198053819997,Recommended,393380,31022147,Posted: 8 April,all,The Kaiser Is Wiser,"Bloody amazing game, it's like arma meets Red Orchestra. Only complaint is that it seems to sieze up on my rig at really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ moments, making close combat pretty much impossible for me. Devs should work on making it run a bit better on the older AMD chips like the FX series."
,Recommended,393380,31030606,Posted: 8 April,all,$KRT,10/10 if my computer would be better it would be 11/10
76561198295864780,Recommended,393380,31050705,Posted: 9 April,all,SouthwardGolf7,"I tried this game during the free weekend, and bought it after my ~3rd match. I am in love with this game.SQUAD is a team-based FPS which puts a heavy emphasis on team-work and communication. Many reviews place it between Battelfield and ARMA, and that's a great way to describe it. What I love about SQUAD is that every game is different, and the firefights, the gameplay in general, are emergent. Many game devs shoot that word around, because it means that every round will be different and fresh, but very (VERY) few games (imo) have ever managed to acheive this. SQUAD, however, does it flawlessly.In one round you can find yourself stalking and surrounding a position, waiting for backup from another squad, before attacking from two sides and capturing the point. In another match, you might find yourself fortifying a position, deploying sandbags, barbed wire, and 50 cal MG's. All is quite, and then suddenly you're being attacked, and have to hold on to your fortified position. In others still, you may find yourself moving to a new position to assist a squad, and get pinned down, trying desperately to fight your way out of corner. In some cases, you can experience all this in a single round. These aren't scripted scenes, or forced scenarios, these scenarios develop based on how the two teams play.Every game (and I hope this nevers ceases to be true) is an action-laden adventure.The players I have met were all friendly, with some squad leaders (SLs) being more talkative/ competent, and others being less so, or even entirely abscent. Nevertheless, the community as a whole is friendly and engaged in the game. If you find yourself a good SL, you'll have a whale of a time.my new favourite game/10"
76561197972108684,Recommended,393380,31051648,Posted: 9 April,all,Hedge,"Tried the game over the free weekend. Bought it after running one match.I used to play the original Project Reality for BF2 so I had an idea what I was getting into. I was worried the game might not run well but I was dead wrong. It looked and ran beautifully. Maybe it has been dumb luck but I haven't had one bad squad so far. Everyone that has had a mic has been super helpful getting me up to speed on the new stuff. The maps look great and the gameplay is awesome! Loving the realistic nature of this game once again. For half off the regular price it was a steal. Thank you for the chance to try it out for free. I wish more developers had the balls to go with this approach. But these devs have always loved and supported their community. I liked it so much I bought it for a friend. He loves it too.My pc specs are as follows to give you an idea how the performance might be.i5 4690k @ 4.2, 16 GB ripjaws, AMD R9 390 8GB on Windows 7 64. Epic graphics settingsNever went below 50 fps and usually hovered in the 70's to near 100 fps. Totally playable with zero issues.If you like realism and want teamplay oriented gaming this is a great title. This one will be getting a lot of play time on my pc!!!"
76561197978258237,Recommended,393380,31054713,Posted: 9 April,all,Spec,"If you like slower pace tactical shooter that NEED teamwork, this is a great one."
76561198272974272,Recommended,393380,31443892,Posted: 29 April,all,Sarge,"Fantastic game. Sound is fantastic. The game really depends on the teamwork, with a couple of good squad leads the deciding factor in some games. It gives a felling no other game gives, the fantastic voice system makes you feel like you are really shouting over gunfire. It is not a run and gun game, if you dont play smart you will be killed. I highly recomend this game, the devs do work hard on each update and they come out at a good pace."
76561198079953969,Recommended,393380,32527043,Posted: 17 June,all,spartenmt1,"{WARNING THESE ARE ENTIRELY FIRST IMPRESSIONS}INITIAL IMPRESSIONS:The minute I opened this game up it popped up with the whole control scheme and had an option to ""enter the shooting range. I would definetly reccomend doing this as a noob to get used to the controls and the gunplay, cus believe me it is a different experience.I was immediatly impressed with not only the graphics, but also the audio. The guns sounds were loud and piercing which made the guns feel powerful when you shot them. The recoil was crazy and rendered the guns nearly impossible to control in full auto which added to the realism. The controls seemed simple and easy to get into compared to other tacticle games like project reality and Arma.FIRST GAME:After I had messed around in the shooting range for a bit i decided to join a server and try out the game. I joined a ""noob friendly"" server which was.... well, filled with noobs. I was forced into a squad leader position because apperantly I seemed the most qualified among the ""noobs"". I had seen many videos of this game before, so I the basic idea of what i had to do (capture points to drain the enemy's tickets over time). I pushed up behind enemy lines with a couple of my squad mates, and we set up and FOB(foward operations base).We sat there alone far behind enemy lines, we could hear the rumbling engine of an APC roll past us.... the coast was clear, we started to build sandbags surrounding the compound... the other squads spawned on our FOB. We completely blocked up the FOB, we set up on the roofs of the buildings inside the compound and prepared for an assault. The enemy's snipers picked us off one by one, we were bombarded by mortars and RPGs, our .50 CAL ripped through the russian soldiers as they shot at our fortifications. But we held on.... we survived and won... we had prevented them from capturing the next point and drained them of thier tickets.PROS:*Extremely Immersive*Great Gunplay*Skillbased combat*Intense firefights*Constant Team Communication*No DLC*Great Graphics*Great AudioCONS:*Mic and Headset are Crutial*Large learning curve*Bad performance*Fills your memory up*Runs horrible on AMD*Some salty try-hards_CANNOT RECCOMEND FOR AMD USERS_GAMEPLAY10/10COMMUNITY8/10PERFORMANCE5/10GRAPHICS8/10_OVERALL_8/10"
,Recommended,393380,33915507,Posted: 30 July,all,Me pelan la verga,Excellent game.
76561198078232031,Recommended,393380,34744271,Posted: 4 September,all,Freezing,Ive been playing this game for almost a year now and I find it pretty fun.The realism is awesome and the team coordination is unmatched by any other game.
,Recommended,393380,20539703,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Bl8kes_7,Great tactical fun!A must have for those who prefer a more thoughtful FPS.Can't reccomend it enough.
76561198050775278,Recommended,393380,21166576,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Frogman,"This is one of the best alphas I've ever played.  There's so much into this game already and it's being tailored to the opinions of the player community.  This is what Battlefield should have been.  This game gives you immersive graphics, sounds, and communication.  If you're coming from Call of Duty, Battlefield, or other ""military shooters"", you will be in for a learning curve.Communication and teamwork is a must.  If you are part of a squad and stray from your squad with your own personal agenda then you hinder the ability of your squad.  If you see enemies and fail to report them to your squad then your squad could be quickly eliminated.  If you're a squad leader and fail to communicate and strategize with other squad leaders, then your whole team will suffer.  This is a tactical squad based game. Any lone wolf or heroic maneuvers are frowned upon.  If you want to be the squad to steal the glory and rush an objective, leaving a gap between your lines, then you and your other team squads will be flanked.  Stop. Plan. Communicate."
76561198038084106,Recommended,393380,21222628,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,SexualAvocado,Absolutely love this game!If you like very tactical and realistic shooters this is the game for you!This game is well worth the money!!!
,Recommended,393380,21652381,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,[TAW]DaveStone,Face melting.
,Recommended,393380,22349680,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Taylor Swift,"Great game for realism and squad based firefights, provides great teamwork even with not that great of team mates. Of course with an early acess game there is going to be pro's and con's, but the only con i've found for this game is a lack of great performance. Hopefully in the future, that will change.Besides that I fully recomend the game, It's fun and realistic, a mix we can't seem to get much in today's gaming."
,Recommended,393380,22354830,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Dunga,Banging game mush.
,Recommended,393380,23733878,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Douda,>Joined a server>Join Squad ;)>Europe so Combined Task Force>Everyone speak English with strong accent>Everybody sang Bonnie Tyler & Avril Lavigne with me>We all died>We lost by 300 Tickets>Good Game
,Recommended,393380,23734016,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,[2.FJg]rob3r-ENG,"Squad is great, and will only be getting better with the release of vehicles which is very close now, should be released in July 2016.There is a huge emphasis on team work, the built in voice system is the best implementation of an in game voice system I've ever used, and you will definitely want a mic in order to fully participate in the game.Firefights in squad are some of the most intense gaming exeriences one can have, you can almost ""feel"" the bullets of a SAW going overhead and grenades blowing up nearby.When compared to a game like Arma, things are simpler and more intuitive. It is not attempting to be a full blown military simulator, but at the same time is much more realistic than a Battlefield type game.If you like team based tactical shooters, this is a must buy."
76561198262074946,Recommended,393380,31071828,Posted: 10 April,all,G*59 Sam Hyde,">have $40 on my steam wallet>not sure what to spend it on>friend tells me to buy squad>stupid tacticool milsim but ok>get in my first game>Kokan AAS V1>spawn as insurgents, 40+ people running around spawn shooting ak's in the air and yelling allahu akbar>hop in trucks and start capping points>enemy humvee rolls in the town were capping and slays half my squad>we take it down with rpg's>hop on a .50 cal and mow down americans crossing the field towards us like its dday all over again>some middle eastern guy actually starts screaming in arabic in local chat>enemies are holding one last point>cant get to them without dying>my squad rallies up with another, and all 18 of us proceed to crawl on our stomachs through the entire wheat field towards the american compound>bullets whizzing overhead>rockets flying by>occasional explosion hits the field were in and several guys in the other squad die>we finally reach the end of the field after 15 minutes of crawling>huge enemy fob in front of us>everyone tosses a grenade over at the same time>we all storm the fob yelling allahu akbar and yodeling>take over the last point and rescue our goats10/10, great game"
76561197962472614,Recommended,393380,31498585,Posted: 1 May,all,private Parts,"A WORTHY SUCCESOR TO PROJECT REALITY!!!!!!this is a shooter technically but i'd say should be a new genre called a teamplay shooter.you get nowhere on your own, the mechanics naturally encourage team play.realism is very high without the learning curve of some milsims.runs great on my mid tier machine.i love the team play and the realistic firearms/damage modelsi cant say enough about this wonderful game....awesome now but!!!...eagerly awaiting each new development release!!!!10/10"
,Recommended,393380,31499540,Posted: 1 May,all,FreefallGeek,"I'm a fan of ""tactical"" shooters. I don't like the bunny-hopping, no-scoping, all-out sprint nonsense that is plaguing the FPS genre. Battlefield, while feeling grandiose in scope, is still very much an arcade game. And despite it throwing you into a squad, actual teamwork is non-existant. ARMA gets the scope of combat right and has tone that I find fitting for a realistic shooter, but the engine has always been clunky, buggy, and has terrible netcode. Half of my ARMA matches are spent staring at the red-links and watching vehicles rubberband across the map.Squad to the rescue. This game has expansive and intersting maps, a growing arsenal of weapons and vehicles including deployables, and a beautifully crafted system of role distribution that practically forces squads to work as a team. Combined with a community that embraces new players and doesn't tolerate trolls, it has quickly become my favorite shooter. The dev team is fantastic and heavily involved in the community, the engine is rock solid and gorgeous, and I've never noticed a problem with the netcode. The brilliant weapon sounds deserve a special mention. When bullets are pinging past my head, I actually feel anxious. I don't feel that in any other shooter. I never have.It doesn't feel like an early access game. It is a beautiful, sometimes terrifying, experience and I highly recommend it if you're tired of the run and gun arcade FPS scene and are looking for something that remains accessible but scratches your mil-sim itch."
,Recommended,393380,32535583,Posted: 18 June,all,Mangoo,Amazing ♥♥♥♥ing game 8/10
,Recommended,393380,30986300,Posted: 6 April,all,Dalterino,"Very fun game. I personally don't like ARMA 2/3, but I love Red Orchestra 2/Rising Storm. So I like slower games, but not sloth games. This meets right in the middle of arcady and slow realism. Firefights are tense, communication is vital to do anything worthwhile, and the game is fair. Vehicles are great when you're in them, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ when you're outside of them, but great when you are AT. One of my favorite games right now. I bought at full price and feel like $20 for this is a steal. The community is tight knit and funny. Seriously say ""Allah"" when you place as insurgents and then you'll hear the world's best circlejerk."
76561198033704236,Recommended,393380,35221000,Posted: 26 September,all,Nossa30,"Lemme guess....You play Arma 3...But hate the walking simulator/waiting in transport simulator. You hate waiting 30 mins in a AAS server just to get to the AO just to die in 30 secs and not even know where the heck you got shot from. Wait 5-10 mins for a medic to die trying to revive you. Rinse. Repeat.You love Arma and its military style gameplay. But hate the fact that the ""Military"" Part of Arma has died and all that is left is LIFE / Exile / KOTH that are the exact opposite of what the game is even about.-------------------------------------Lemme guess...You love BF4, but hate the fact that its Arcade as can be. Bullets don't kill in one shot, Nobody talks to eachother, Squads are only 5 people, basically no team or squad play unless you play with people you already know, but know that the rest of the team don't care at all.---------------------------------------------Welcome to SQUAD....The middle ground between BF4 and Arma 3.No waiting 30 mins to fight for 30 secs.Everyone in your team will talk to you.People will role play real military terms and lingo. Bullets are deadly. Suppression is effective.Mechanized infantry combat is dance between man and machine.You will feel apart of a larger battle, a real battle where even the smallest choices can have a butterfly effect on the war.Nothing is more satisfying than seeing your entire squad of 9 people open fire.You will depend on your squad...literally. For Anti tank, Medical, suppression, counter sniping, and most important...Command.Alone on this battlefield you will not survive."
76561198135144548,Recommended,393380,31040468,Posted: 9 April,all,MolonLabe0928,"This game is by far one of my favorite early access/in development titles out there. It's not a finished game, so don't buy it expecting 100% polished graphics, controls, or a game free of glitches and bugs. That being said, if you enjoy tactical realism in your games, but don't want to or can't get into a game like ArmA, Squad is perfect for you.Initially, I was part of the free play weekend offered (time of writing this is April 2017). I had been wanting to play Squad for a while, but I wasn't sure if I'd enjoy it. I should've played this game a long time ago. It's fun, challenging, and immersive. Squad is the perfect blend of the fast, frantic action of a game like Battlefield combined with the slow, tactical planning of a game like ArmA or the Project Realism mod.Some suggestions and a pro/con list follow.SUGGESTIONS-Do not buy this game expecting constant gunfights and explosions. There is a lot of walking, riding in vehicles, and travel time in between fire fights.-Try not to get discouraged if you die. You will die. A lot. And often times have no clue from where. There are no kill cams, radar hints, or damage direction indicators. This game is realistic in that regard.-Take some time when you launch to go to the Firing Range, practice aiming and movement there first.-Listen to your squad leader.-Have a mic. This game requires a mic.-Remember that friendly fire IS on.PROS-Immersive gameplay.-Challenging yet rewarding difficulty experience.-Servers are stable.-Gameplay is tight and tactical, while still offering adrenline rush moments.-Weapons handle and behave well, gunfights feel right.-High replay value, with a variety of different modes to choose from.-Sound quality is very high.CONS-Optimization needs work. Even on high end rigs you'll experience stutter lag and load time issues (very minor)-There is no customization available, so there is no feeling of progression, despite having a scoreboard.-If you use a controller (either Xbox or Steam) prepare to have to fiddle around figuring out the bindings. For Steam gamepad, I would suggest taking the time to set up a custom profile.-Currently there are only a few different ""roles"" but I know the developer has plans for more.TL;DR: Buy if you want a game that combines Battlefield and ArmA. Avoid if you don't like games that are challenging and require practice and critical thought."
76561198066943284,Recommended,393380,23850888,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,[ZFG]QUEEF RIDER,Great game....Really makes you fear being shot and letting your squad down. The communication and teamwork between 30 random people can sometimes be a bit messy but for the most part it works really well.Squad is probably the least alpha alpha game I've played but there is still sla couple of bugs and optimization issues.I would recommend this game to team players and people looking for some intense firefights and willing to PTFO.Headset or mic is highly recommended.
76561198136959927,Recommended,393380,24144666,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,P1saze,Awesome game so real feeling love the long engagement !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,393380,31760400,Posted: 14 May,all,SLAMMED,Great game! devs are pushing new content in a timely manner good♥♥♥♥♥♥yall
,Recommended,393380,20099930,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,dazzy,"Squad is a great game, people who say it is♥♥♥♥♥♥have no idea, people who say its♥♥♥♥♥♥have never played it. Best Mil-Sim i have ever played since the Arma Series."
,Recommended,393380,20126212,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,snick,niiiiiiiiiiiiiiice
,Recommended,393380,20193567,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Jinzo,"My first time in game i just followed my squad staying at the back because I had no idea what was going on, got told to guard west entrance of a compound, next minute ''alluha akbar'' attack managed to switch gun to full auto and took out like 3 guys before i got killed and luckily the medic in our squad saved me 10/10 first impression.Since then I have made a few notes:>encourages teamwork and stratagy, rambo style usually doesnt pay off (finally a game that makes sense).>best sound effects of pretty much any other war game.>it needs some optimization but encouraging so far and gets monthly updates.>good detail huge maps.>filtered out all of the cod players for what seem a good/mature community.9.5/10"
,Recommended,393380,20240225,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Rozwell,it okay
,Recommended,393380,20273722,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Harry_der_Aal ✠,wie Arma III mit deutlich besserer Performance! wirklich gutes spiel mit viel Potenzial!!!absolut empfehlenswert!!!
76561197979965933,Recommended,393380,20322362,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,6X30RECON,"if you miss bf2 project reality, you are going to want to buy this game"
76561198134807430,Recommended,393380,20981055,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Asian Jesus,You will discover how one walks with thy third leg
,Recommended,393380,21062190,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Valdyr the Hyena,"This game puts you through so many intense, memorable moments that you'd swear the random strangers you've been fighting alongside had been your comrades for years. Seriously, it's that good.One thing that really stands out is the sound design. You wouldnt expect it from a non-AAA title, and an early access one at that, but it is incredible. There are, as far as I know, no ambient war sounds. Everything you hear, whether it be distant explosions or a machine gun going off over the hill nearby, is all happening in real time, making this game that much more immersive.This is the war game I always dreamed about when I was younger. I watched it get funded on kickstarter, and now I regret not pitching in some money when I had the chance. I am normally not big in to pvp games, but this one is an exception.A few things that make this game so amazing:- No crosshairs- Realistic reload times and proper dry reloading- No name tags above enemies. They are just soldiers, as you are to them.- No kill feed. This is war, you have to verify your kills, or just hope they don't get back up.- One of the best communities in any first person shooter I've ever played. Every game I've been in has been full of friendly, fun people who all work together.- Limited special weapons, meaning you don't have to worry about facing endless snipers *cough* Battlefield *cough""- Very large maps with varied terrain- Base building (seriously, taking over a compound and putting up walls and sandbags is amazing)Right now this game is a definite 9/10, the only thing for holding it back is the lack of vehicles (which are in the works), and some occasional bugs (I. E. Menus not showing up properly, very seldom crashes, it is incredibly stable for how early of a build it is)If you too enjoy MilSim games, do not hesitate to purchase this. It is worth every penny in my opinion.(Edit 11/2/2016) Alpha v7 brought on a small selection of basic light vehicles, but also destroyed performance on any servers with about 50 or more people. Yesterday Alpha v8 was released, and now the game plays smooth as silk. I would highly, highly recommend this game with the recent patch. It is pure joy to play."
,Recommended,393380,21069239,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Crushfield,"The fine line between battlefield and arma, except without vehicles...yet"
76561198141840771,Recommended,393380,21132352,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,teroy,"Loved this game. Realistic, teamwork and awesomnessss. What im scared though is that with the addition of heavy vehicles like tanks, this game will turn into a one hit kill, battlefield 4. Developers pls, dont make it a battlefield 4."
76561198035861990,Recommended,393380,19805379,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,CrazY-JoE,AWESOME!
,Recommended,393380,19852814,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,DiegoMoraless,Really Immersive game...the gunfights are really intense 10/10 must buy imo if you like realism games. Especially Project reality
,Recommended,393380,19975448,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Sirr,allahu akbar!!!!!
,Recommended,393380,20007308,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Chrispynan,There's still a lot to be done to this game but once it is finish it will be amazing. A good balance between battlefield and ARMA.
76561198126303795,Recommended,393380,20023567,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Bigchilly™,"Not worth the price, or atleast at its current state. After all these lag-fix updates my frames are still horrid anyways. Do yourself a favor and go play playProject Realityits exactly the same eccept finshed.On the other side this game has tons of potential, dont get me wrong, its not a bad game but at its current state its not worth it. Come back in a year or two, or wait for the game too hit the headlines for being awesome. Cause if it sticks to its Project Reality roots, its most likely going to be awesome."
76561198020058008,Recommended,393380,20245381,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Chickenman,"[Edit - 3/24/16 - lots of the issues are being sorted now...server browser has been updated. UI has been updated. I very rarely run into cheaters on good servers. Rendering engine has been updated & draw distance / anti aliasing has been improved. I'm still definitely playing squad and can't wait for further updates. ]2/3 Arma, 1/3 battlefield = a really nice team based shooter experience. In the current alpha it is a little rough around the edges, but generally nails the experience so far (1/2/16).Pro's : Best communication and teamwork experiences I have had in a game so far. Running around with a pro squad and flanking an enemy FOB, tearing them up with nades and mopping up with a brutal execution session is highly satisfying. Gun mechanics feel solid, shooting sounds are awesome. Everything in the game mechanics (even spawning) is geared towards promoting teamwork.Con's: When I finally see an enemy under iron sights, I get so excited sometimes I can't click my mouse. Cheaters/hackers are no fun and hopefully less prevalent as development goes on. I hope that textures (especially tree foliage) and draw distance are fine tuned a bit more as development goes on (hard to criticize EA game for that). Oh and the server browser is pretty terrible right now. WTF guys let me sort by ping ;)Note: Vehicles are not yet implemented. The game is quite fun without them, but I am interested to see how they change the game dynamic.Bottom line: 'Squad is like Arma, only you don't have to pretend it isn't boring the $hit out of you'.If you expect to play Call of Duty (or even Battlefield), know this is a different experience. You can call it more 'mature' if you like, but it definitely requires some more patience and a whole lot more intelligence over voice chat.Voice chat is not optional, as sharing intel on enemy locations is a vital part of actually being able to shoot the things with your bang stick. The player community seems to be 98% awesome so far and 2% 'typical', so generally things are great right now for new Squad mates joining up.When the dust clears and your team is clicking, this is one of the most fun multiplayer experiences out there."
,Recommended,393380,26564607,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,fetchmemymonocle,"It's still a work in progress, but it's great."
76561198283882192,Recommended,393380,26564773,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,[REKT] Tommygun,I really like the game so far and am definitly considering buying it but for some reason recently when ever i try to join a server it gets me in then boots me straight away so i cant currently play the game. I wouldbe really greatful if anyone has any advive on how to fix it
,Recommended,393380,19815602,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,MrKentalans,"Wonderful game .. Better than Insurgency .. My first review i give a rate 10/10 .. Lucky to me that i have my team mates work together as a squad and that's the point of the game .. Firts time to be a medic , i was laughing when one of the team mates told me that ""Thank god that you save me, My duty here just to kill stupid talibans"" hahaha .. Love this game ..!"
76561198060643784,Recommended,393380,20120040,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,.smart,Mountains of potential i would compair it to a modern day Red Orchesta. almost every encounter is an intense chaotic firefight. Its very fun 11/10 would hit computer with a shovel to build it
76561198002761239,Recommended,393380,19756620,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,TheMagicNegro,Wow just overjoyed with the level of immersion this game has to offer.
76561198051432401,Recommended,393380,19817117,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,★Half A Stoge★,Amazing evreyone listiens and comunicates great game feels really real and evreything is good exept for optimization but its still playable worth 40 dollars this game will be a holy grail when its finished good work guys keep it up.
,Recommended,393380,19823360,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Flak.es,In the beginning I had no idea what I was doing or played any combat sim. But on the way and having some good squad leaders I'm hooked. Can say that this is a whole new experience for me and before you know it I've recorded 5 hours of gameplay. Just watch the video and see for yourself if this game is for you.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=COaeaDXi8zA
,Recommended,393380,19825534,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Loyallte,Well i have waited for this game for some months while my main complaint is the lack of guns (early acces) and all i feel that most peolpe will enjoy this fps cus if u come from a esports style of talking to ur teammates and u have a decent attitude u can beat most teams that don't talk. Don't woory if ur k/d is low cus there are lots of ways to contrubute to ur team unlike most fps. u can be good at fortifiying defend ponts or helping ur squad get revived by being a medic and knowing when it's worth to go after a revive or heal. Also in this game i feel way more acomplished getting 7 or 8 kills as opposed to say csgo cus i know played tacticle enough to sneek in to a capture point or whatev and out smart someone with no hit markers or kill feed the natural realsitic kinda feel of this game seems posied to out do most fps with some good content updates. very few bugs for ea btw. one thing is to be supportive to ur squad leaders cus ur not in their shoes they have the most impact on the game beacuse their choices effect wheather they succed or fail if u think they arn't doing a good job ask if they can switch with u. i give this game a 9/10 for a ea. Can't wait for content updatyes cheers!!
,Recommended,393380,19829599,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,✪ Luke,Great game adds the realism that Arma 3 never could.
76561197971199483,Recommended,393380,19831302,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,captain643 snackbar#1,"I must say shelling out 40 bucks for a game in alpha seems a bit crazy, but this game is sick. If you like intensly realistic tactical squad based action then you should pick this one up. There is a bit of a learning curve as it is a very in depth game based on the project reality action, but once you get your feet wet you will feel a bit more relaxed. Enjoy the lovely graphics and incredible sound and try to ignore the spike lags as it is still in alpha stage. Hopefully as time goes by the spike lag will be minamized. Great game, but if your a lone wolf you will get pwned. So pick it up and lets squad up and noob the bad guys! Highly recommended."
76561197977862683,Recommended,393380,19843279,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,[WS] teas926,"Well what can I say about Squad? Harks back to the days of Battlefield 2 in the most fantastic way, I haven't been this excited about a game in a long while.PLEASE, please check your system specs beforw DL'ing, and please understand this is an early access alpha. It's not finished, nor is it COD. It's an ambitious, team based tactical shooter. And it's touching me in my special place."
,Recommended,393380,19905915,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Jacowaco1556,"Ohh Myyy Gawwd, What do i say, this game is everything ive ever wanted a nice military game that it farely realistic with an awesome community (from what ive experienced so far) its just soooooooo goood, i hear people complaining about the price and in my opinion it is worth it in every way i will play this more and have more fun than with games i pay twice as much for, and its just so fantastic, yes there are performance issues but what do you expect with an early access game? Overall i find this game fantastic and if you dont like it then its just not your game but for me its great.*Funny Thing That Happened*Me: Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥man carefull i almost shot youGuy: looks at my with field bandagesMe:Hello?guy: stares at me still holding field bandagesTeamate: *Sprays the guy*Me:Why the ♥♥♥♥ did you teamkill him man?Teamate: Cause he was a ♥♥♥♥ing enemy.Me: What the ♥♥♥♥ seriously?Teamate: *shoots the guy next to me who was prone*Me: Why'd you shoot that guy?Teamate: He was an enemy too are you ♥♥♥♥ing stupid?Me:There was ♥♥♥♥ing 2 bad guys with me?Teamate:Yeah you ♥♥♥♥ing retardMe: ok.........(Alot funnier in person)"
,Recommended,393380,19919331,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,DORENKOTT,"Dont have much hours but this is an amazing day...This is how my first game went- Hey guys im new- Cool, dont do dumb♥♥♥♥♥♥and listen to me.- Ok man- multiple contacts northeast!- *kills 4 people*- * helps team push to objective- *runs throught smokes while throwing a frag and enters compound*- YOUR TEAM HAS WON!!!!10/10 would be a clueless bad♥♥♥♥♥again!"
76561198070616822,Recommended,393380,20078551,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,CrackHeadMcGee,"Squad is amazing for an early access game. The fire fights are exilarating, and the coordination of players is awesome. I can not wait to see what happens when the devs add the vehicles."
76561198055153048,Recommended,393380,20165957,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,2Eazy,Squad is a game based of on communication and tactics like other games don't have. Really realistic gameplay and really fun if you like war/shooting games!
,Recommended,393380,20174240,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Gibbu,One of the best Tastical Shooters out there.Pros:Team work in essential. YouHAVEto work together in order to win.The gameplay is really smooth and has been thought out well.The spawns. To create spawn locations you have work as a team. (You need to be near a squad member to place a spawn becon)Haven't seen any salty people. So that's a plus.You can't run and gun like in Call of Duty. (You have to take it slow and check all the corners and not run in the middle of the field and hope not to get shot).Cons:The optimization isn't the best. You might need a GTX 770+ and i5+ to run this smoothly.The Americas have to ability to shoot from long ranges because they have access to long ranges scopes and both enemy teams don't have that. (America broken af)That's all I could think of.Overall REALLY fun/awesome game! Would recommend this to anyone.I don't think it's worth $55 AUD though. That's another bad part about this game.
,Recommended,393380,20202847,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,j0nny,"Great game for alpha. Very tactical and fun. Needs optimization, and dedicated servers.Though this is reliant on a good squad and squad-mates. A ♥♥♥♥♥♥ squad leader will lead to the game turning into a running simulator, and have also noticed a lot of trolls in the game. Militia and Russian's need optics though. Not fair to be getting picked off by the US from a mile away while the iron-sights you have can barley see 100ft. And the US does not have a sniper, seems like they tried to equal it out with militia and Russia having no optics while the US does but with no sniper, it doesn't make sense. Gun sounds are amazing, nothing like not being able to hear your team-mates talk when you have a m249 in your ear. Player models are similar and hard to tell friendly's from contacts. I realize its realism, but lets also not forget it is a game."
,Recommended,393380,20223326,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Barbie,A competent tactical FPS that runs better than Arma III.
,Recommended,393380,20275044,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,krazy,"I had my doubts on this game since the videos I watched were not that great but I decided to give it a try and that was a very good decision.When i compare this game to similar titles such as Arma or insurgency, I have to say that this title was the best by far and its still in early access.Jumping in my first game, I kept getting killed without seeing anyone, decided to go medic since I figured it would help the squad out. My squad and another squad from the team ended up defending a compound, we were getting attacked from the north, south and east. Hearing MEDIC!!!! every 5 seconds was a blast I r8 8/8.BEWARE THE BACK BLAST"
76561197981433043,Recommended,393380,20328529,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Zeroroids,A******
,Recommended,393380,21096533,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Metzge,"The full early access preview can be found onStart 2 Continue.Excerpt:When we think of first person shooters, right away the household staples come to mind: Battlefield, Call of Duty, Medal of Honor and even Borderlands. Conversely, ArmA 3, though a fantastic shooter in its own right, falls under the more technical “military simulator” category, trading speed for depth of gameplay.And so we’re left to choose between fast-paced lone wolf arcade shooters that do little to encourage teamwork (especially with strangers) or the begrudgingly slow experience of “realistic war” that has you spending ten minutes en route to your LZ before you even get to discharge your weapon at an OPFOR. We’re not going to be talking about any of these games, however. Today, we’re going to talk about Squad, the up-and-coming shooter from Offworld Industries that provides a happy medium between the run-and-gun and slow-and-steady camps."
,Recommended,393380,21099389,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,CHEEZYFEET,"Squad is a breathtaking relief from games such as call of duty, focusing on teamplay and communication, instead of personal merit. The online community is a healthy band of regulars of all skill sets, the game is enjoyable after some basic understanding of tactics, there are several roles to take on within a squad, the variety ensuring never a dull momentmy only quam with the game is since the feb 4th update, i cannot join a server without the game closing, making it unplayable. i reccomend this is seen to immediately. I don't know the localisation of the problem, perhaps it could just be my PC"
76561197965849755,Recommended,393380,19736882,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,DAN,sick
,Recommended,393380,19758440,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,elk33dp,"Log in. Die 10+ times with no clue what even hit me. Confused as to where objectives even are. I'm squad leader, and everyones telling me to put down an FOB and yelling for medics. Someone shouts ""Allah Akbar"" and then an explosion. I spend the rest of the game running around with my fellow terrorists in a giant group chanting ""Allah Akbar"" into our mics. 11/10.But seriously, the game has potential. It's not worth $40 YET, but it definitly has the potential to. I had just been refunded for rainbow six seige and decided to pick this up, and while it's not as clean as seige, there's so much more to do already. It's buggy, yes, but the main points of the game are sound, and appear relatively balanced.The cons:My only gripe is minor UI things, such as not being able to scroll though your items/weapons. You have to wait for the next item to come, you can't instantly switch to one, and I prefer scrolling to get out my nade rather than pressing a button.Only other con is the fact that it is an early alpha and still very undeveloped. The game doesn't really know what direction its going to go in yet. It's frustrating to play at times, but better than whats out there."
76561197981849557,Recommended,393380,20399963,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Mr. T,A nice blend between the Arma type series and games such as Red Orchestra 2. I would definitley recommend this for players and gamers who enjoy some sort of teamwork gameplay.
,Recommended,393380,20462238,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Conov,"You won't level up. You won't have a confirmation of your kill in your screen. You won't be able to see your K/D while in-game, only in the end of the match. You don't know if you're about to win or lose. All you know is that you need to go for the objective and help your teammates, because every single soldier is important.This game has a beautiful future and is the best early access game I've ever played."
,Recommended,393380,21126618,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Nexiz offline for 4 weeks,"So, i buyed this game at the first day. It was a lot of fun! The Game for it selve is very realistic! I enjoy it playing.But... ive got some problems with the serverbrowser. It doesnt show all server. So im not really able to play a lot.MfG Timm"
76561197963401805,Recommended,393380,26564637,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Zerometh,If your are looking for the next CoD then this is not the game for you. this game is not about you getting the most kills but about you doing the rigtht things for You're squad and You're team to win the game. this can me you are the one left behinde to make sure the enemy team is not waiting in the bushes for you to leave.this game is all about teamwork. a mic. is not a must but you will miss it really soon if you don´t have one and so will you team.great game in my opinion.
76561198083098371,Recommended,393380,19834892,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Shamus727,I have been putting off this review for days becase... I simply just cant describe how much i love this ♥♥♥♥ing game...
,Recommended,393380,19924324,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,A bathing Cape,its pretty fun. easy learning curve. runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥though
76561198154908830,Recommended,393380,20022783,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Mjones559,Squad is a fun FPS that will never get old because of the team work and just some fun with your friends the game has the best sound I have ever heard in a war game and after a while of playing you feel you are part of the game 10/10.
,Recommended,393380,20172939,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Cujo,"Squad makes FoBWe await for our spotters to spot an enemySays he sees movement""lol♥♥♥♥♥♥just the grass""Wasn't the grassSquad Leader got shot in the headDied in my armsWe all blamed the spotterI now have PTSD."
,Recommended,393380,21030124,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Flatbryan112,"As realistic as it gets. This game is based arround communication.If you are shy or have social anxiety disorder, don't play this game.I was walking with my squad toward a rally point until a granade suddenly exploded within 10 meters of me.One of my squad mates was hit and was blown backwards. He screamed out in pain (Role-play) en total mayhem was arround us. Bullets where flying arround our ears. We walked straight into an ambush. with some fire exchance we eventually lost it. damn it was so tense.Communication is key, as wel as strategy.10/10 Allahu akbar"
76561198132762330,Recommended,393380,21068885,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Flextendo,Love it!So realistic in many ways. Yes its alpha but its still so amazing. cant wait to see whats in store
76561198082004399,Recommended,393380,32081641,Posted: 31 May,all,historypro69,VERY VERY VERY GOOOOOOOOODDDDDDDD
76561198053429090,Recommended,393380,27897336,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Illdude,"I didn't play for long but time spent i can tell this game willl and is great. Coming from Arma franchise learning curve is not that bad but make no mistake this game is hard, make sure you play with squad this is Not lone wolf game.Comunication is a key to playing Squad and for the most part people are willing to comunicate but as with any game there are trolls but they are few and far between,final thought i do recommend this game if you're willing to play as team and you have to be able to follow orders"
76561198041471145,Recommended,393380,28653147,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Abraham Lincoln,It's always a good sign when the the last squad you can join speaks french.
76561198069458745,Recommended,393380,21092789,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Remkez,just wow
76561198091659648,Recommended,393380,28480814,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,G.Boss (YW),"10/10 best gameMy storyMe- a medicSquad gets pinned down, HUMVEE ran over 5 of my guys.Anti-tank personnel destroyed HUMVEESaved all 5 downed soldiersStill pinned down heavily.Sacrificed myself to let my men do tactical retreat.Squad said they'll come back to me.For 15 mins straight, i lasted and got shot.Squad came back we're here for you BRO!I cried when they brought another squad to the battlefield.20 mins past, we officially win. Squads starts to salute each other!Best feeling and honour in the whole game!GET IT NOW AND GO DOWN WITH HONOUR!"
,Recommended,393380,33035834,Posted: 30 June,all,TAW | PANTHER,"If you are looking for realism this is itBut let me tell you what realism means in Squad:Sometimes boring; you may have to do something your squad leader tells you to do and you may like it you may notbut you have to do it because this game is all about playing as a squad, tactics and communication(much more).You can die with a single bullet just like in real life, you can get frustrated because there will be much more experienced players you will encounter and like I said you can go down with 1 bullet. You may need to drive a supply truck for the half or even all battle duration because squad leader didn't find anyone else available.Realism takes time !This game is definetely not something like COD and you need to think ahead and plan every step you'll make because if you don't your enemy willout manuever, out smart and out play you(if he knows his stuff) As a military simulation fan I highlyrecommend this gameif you are looking for realism."
,Recommended,393380,30841603,Posted: 30 March,all,Nigel,"This game is only getting better. I bought Squad when it was in Alpha 6 and I must say that it has come a long way... At first when I purchased it the game was without vehicles and all the maps were extremely large which made the game basically a running simulator, therefore most games were consisting of about 20-30 minutes of running and about 10-15 minutes of combat. Then the Alpha 8.9 update. The Alpha 8.9 update added long awaited vehicles such as American Logies, Transports, Crow/Manned Turret HMMWVs and the Striker. The Russians were given Logies, Transports and the BTR-80 APC.Militia and Insurgents got Logistics, MG, Recoilless rocket and Transport Technicals. These new vehicles make for a new faster more dynamic gameplay and yet the game is still very balanced and FUN AS HELL!Now for the cons. Now I understand that Squad is in Alpha and most problems will/have beeb fixed but here are some I am experiencing right now.1. Server browser menu: Gliches out when reloaded, no favorites or history so its hard to find a server you've recently played on.2.Destructable surroundings. This is a HUGE problem with the vehicles, this problem lets small trees and bushes stop a 30 ton vehicle instantly when realistically they should plow right through them.3.Smaller problem but there should be a locking feature in vehicles that have been claimed by your squad leader so that random blueberries can't jump in and take up a seat or gunner/driver positions.Overall the game is very solid and has beautiful graphics. You MUST keep in mind that this game is in Alpha stage of development so it's only getting better. I would defenately reccommend buying the game but when it's on sale cuz regular price is expensive AF BOIIIIIIIIIIIII"
,Recommended,393380,19769966,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,GraysonDel,I love this game very much and I totally recommend it for its finished product. Only flaw I see with it at the moment is the lack of AMD support does that make the game a terrible game/un playable for AMD users yes does it ruin the experience for AMD users yes. This game is starting to shape out like PR it just need AMD optimization to be playable I launched and played the game for 10 minutes on launch menu I was at 70 fps in a game i was at 12 to 19FPS this is unplayable by far I can run ARMA 3 on medium setting at 40FPS I can only run this game on LOW at 15FPS thats just very sloppy. If you're a intel user I recommend the game AMD avoid until further updates.
76561198016439684,Recommended,393380,25670408,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Dino000,"When I wanted to buy Squad, I registered on thier forum and asked:""What is the community like? Is everyone cooperating? Are there teamkillers and lone wolves?""The response was - yeah it's good, few idiots here and there.I can confirm now that there's many players who use mics, communicate, try to play it tactical, try not to die.Regarding the game... You can't compare Call of Duty to Squad. You can't even compare Battlefield to Squad.The thing is, Squad is tactical game. Slow paced at times, fast paced at times. It's more like simulation, than it's FPS.Here's what I like about it... At times it can be really slow, you drive to the objective set up defenses if your squad is designated to defend and than you wait.But then comes the rush. Suddenly one of your squad members yells ""Contact at 330!"". Squad Leader is like ""Open fire! Medic get inside the compound. You, follow me!"".Everyone's running around, you start shooting at 330 eventhough you can't see anyone, but you gotta keep them suppresed.All of a sudden shots from behind, granades and smoke around you. RPGs flying in at your BTR.Holy smokes, they're within 50 meters! Close quarter fight is taking place.If you're a medic you run around trying to patch all the wounded people, bullets flying around you.As Anti vehicle role you try to ambush that damn Humvee that's pinning your squad.In sniper role you're trying to get them from distance, but now you're useless if they're inside your compound.Your rally point is compromised, they know you're here, a few of you left alive, no medics around and you're pinned.....Suddenly everything gets quite, you peak around a corner and there they are.... squad 2 came as reinforcement and saved your a$$.And then the grenade comes in and you're all dead."
,Recommended,393380,35100195,Posted: 21 September,all,¤Tᴏɴᴛᴏ¤,Good♥♥♥♥♥♥I love it when someone plays the harmonica on a transport vehicle 10/10
76561198326150491,Recommended,393380,28387627,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,[PH] Digong Duterte,best FPS game i've played..good job devs hope to see more progress soon :)
76561197997030496,Recommended,393380,28556178,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,FattyboyDylan,A+
,Recommended,393380,28604552,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,WOLF,"Once your in a squad with good teamwork, its just a really great pure fun. This game is still getting updates from the devs and servers are always full, pick it up."
76561198055646374,Recommended,393380,29655430,Posted: 2 February,all,Tyrone,this game is getting better and better. I play it once in a while since its release. The developers are actually discussing with the community.
76561198241281620,Recommended,393380,29720032,Posted: 5 February,all,赃物 @NetCodeGuides.com,8/8
76561198159860191,Recommended,393380,29705901,Posted: 4 February,all,[Chooky],I got PTSD.11/PTSD would get PTSD again.
,Recommended,393380,29437417,Posted: 22 January,all,strong dog,"ye, immersive, intense and fun. not many empty headed twits that ruin it for you, literally almost none, great 9/10"
76561198005580605,Recommended,393380,29111585,Posted: 8 January,all,*VIC,"If you're looking for a realistic, modern, and fun shooter, then this is the game you want. I'm a combat veteran who fought in Afghanistan, and this is without a doubt the game that feels the most like true, modern combat. The game is also incredibly fun to play. Every time I start a new match, it's like opening a book and reading a story. The matches are highly dynamic, and each one plays out differently. Another huge plus is the communication that goes on in the games. This is the first game I have played in a long time that encourages communication and teamwork. Everyone is always on the mic and working together. Rarely do I ever join a game where the squad leader isn't giving orders, and everybody working together as a team.If you're interested in a fun, realistic shooter experience, this game is easily worth the $40."
,Recommended,393380,34454440,Posted: 24 August,all,_IMPULSE SLY_,"Amazing, i just want some sort of leveling system!!!!"
,Not Recommended,393380,35469244,Posted: 4 October,all,DOUGHNUT182,"i honestly think it's just kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥ basically just arma without the charm, or battlefield multiplayer only less♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,393380,33095633,Posted: 1 July,all,RIP in Epice,FOB building simulator!
,Recommended,393380,26552343,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,geo,Can't figure out why someone would rate this game negatively. Really solid. People actually talk and work together in pubs. Never seen that before.
,Recommended,393380,26552066,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,aiTan,"The most intense battlefield sim I've played to date. I love the way it is set up, and how important the idea of a ""squad"" really is. Great fun to be had when I wasn't expecting that much."
,Recommended,393380,26546676,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Shank,This is just Arma 3 without tryhards that actually runs well.10/10 get it before the sale ends.
,Recommended,393380,31229148,Posted: 18 April,all,FLYBY,i wish i had this game is looks so much fun but im so poor id love if people got it for me it would make my day
,Recommended,393380,20527862,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Henry,This Game Is Mint For An Early Access More Than Decent Performance i Heard There Were Problems Running This On a Amd Cpu But Its Fine For Me.Every Match Ive Played The Teamwork Is At Its Finest Great Communication Teammates Giving You Intel Doesnt Seem To Be Any Cod Kids On This From What Ive Played Mostly More Mature Players Which Is a Bonus It Will Be More Interesting When They Add vehicles But Even Without It Its Still Awesome It Feels Very RealisticIf You Like Arma You Will Like This.
,Recommended,393380,20759331,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Xyel,"First of all, this is a great game!Despite this, I don't think I'll touch it again until I find a suitable group or clan for it. I'm still going to recommend it, because that's not the developer's fault. I play this game for the teamwork and cooperation, and you often find good people, many of whom I've added on Steam. Unfortunately, the bad ruins the experience for me completely; and after playing with a group in ARMA 3 and in Mount and Blade, I don't think I can handle some of the negative nature of public servers. This isn't the game developer's fault in any way, but it's just how it is when things go mainstream.Ever since this game came out on Steam, the community has seen a steady drop in etiquette and behavior. More and more, I see players lashing out at the squad leader angrily for not putting down a rally point when they physically can't. A lot of it has to do with young, immature teenagers. While I've met mature ones, most of them fall under the stereotype of angry Call of Duty players. If you can stomach it after gaming for several hours, great. If not, find a group or avoid it."
,Recommended,393380,22791547,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,[DDF] Barisart,"8/10 for current state. This game is intense!It strikes great balance between 'full blown simulator' and 'arcade realism'. (Having seen a lot of real POV military combat footage some squad rifleman engagements are scarily accurate. For me the realism instills respect for real troops and adds a sense of weight to the gameplay.)Squad drops you straight  into the combat phase: Securing positions, setting up frontline spawnpoints, fighting for control.  Where you will have to rely on your own eyes and the intel your squad can provide you to get a sense of enemy positions. No overlay for spotting etc.The maps are realistic in the sense that they are handcrafted to look like real world combat zones.DEVS: The devs post a monthly progress recap and im looking forward to the addition of vehicles and Weapon Emplacements.Would recommend :)"
76561197969335169,Recommended,393380,31045558,Posted: 9 April,all,Deux Machina,Greatest game ever.
,Recommended,393380,22376003,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Chuuko,"I have been really wanting to pick up this game for awhile and I am a new lover of milsim games. I love arma but 99% of the servers are just zombie games like dayz or wasteland and there is pretty much 0 actual milsim servers so you have to host your own missions with friends to get the real experience, insurgency is fun but its too fast paced and there is also 0 communication and if any communication at all its usually just people screaming like idiots. Now I have been following squad for awhile and have played project reality here and there but not really gotten into it hugely because the clunkyness was a huge turnoff for me and it was very limited by the old garbage engine it was on. Like it was hard to see anything in the lighting, movement felt off, and there was a delay to most things i did but I LOVED the idea of it so squad was kind of like a dream come true game.Now in Squad's current state it feels very bare bone and besides the cooperation it does not really feal all like what PR is is like and this is mostly due to no vehicles and a big limitation in gear like in PR you can have grappling hooks for pete's sake and climb buildings but it is very promising and still very fun in its current state.Pros:-People actually use their mic and cooperate-graphics are pretty good but definitely need fixes and some work in certain areas-Controls are a lot better and easier to remember the Project reality's controls-Lost of players-good servers / connecting (one of the problems in PR I had is that one of the only servers that was played on was an EU server that I always had 200+ ms on.-Not many maps but maps are very big and every time you play it feelsl ike a different experience-net code is better then a lot of games and hit detection is a lot better then armaCons-optimization is garbage I have a 980 ti and i7-4770k both water cooled and overclocked and run the game at medium at about 50-60 fps-like i said graphics need work the intensity of the sun could be boosted because in its current state maps just feel like they have a light light covering the whole thing and not one string like in the sky shining at things from different angle and it just feels gloomy.-Weapon selection is limited to an ak47, akm, and I believe an m4- Scopes need a bit of work with their accuracy, one time I noticed that the bullets were always hitting a bit the the right of the reticle of the scope.-The fact this game is on steam attracts a lot of attention then if it was on its own website. This is good and bad its good because we get new players but its bad because a lot of those players can be the stupidest people I have ever seen. You will get people that shoot a anything that moves, people that don't use their mic and just run around solo and then you get people that are treating it like way to tactically like full on prone everywhere tactical. The amount of people with a negative score by the end of the round is freaking ridiculous."
76561198091770322,Recommended,393380,28260469,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Vash,Great game 10\10
,Recommended,393380,29818793,Posted: 10 February,all,Ghuffy,"Cant describe it, this game is just sick, thank you offworld industries :DGot in a firefight against the taliban.They start spamming grenades at usWe hide in the corner of  a room and place sandbagsThen one grenade kills us allGreat game really do recommend."
76561198060573753,Recommended,393380,30535727,Posted: 15 March,all,Trikz_,♥♥♥♥♥ Lit. Thats  all you need to know fam.
,Recommended,393380,30912071,Posted: 2 April,all,Jayjoe #Billy4Prez,"Joined a server and join a squad named ""nuttiest team NA"" first thing i hear from my squad leader was KILL THEM SAND ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ i rushed in a house and heared ALLLLLAALLALA AKBAR then was blown up by a frag rpg round10/10 would get blown up again"
,Recommended,393380,30983057,Posted: 6 April,all,The Fantasy Man,I believe this game is better than Arma.
76561197982470726,Recommended,393380,31024757,Posted: 8 April,all,Castle Bravo,"Not perfect and still in alpha, but already a nice game."
76561197998805602,Recommended,393380,31051795,Posted: 9 April,all,Sir Mouth Breather,"This game reminds me of what Battlefield used to be.  In particular Battlefield 2.  A tactical, team oriented FPS without the ridiculous number of weapons, spraying SMGs that kill guys 100+ yards away, standing and spraying machine guns accurately, and infinite sprinting.  Like BF2, Squad has none of this crap.  You can once again have an interactive map to place orders.Squad is all about team work.  This is strengthened by the three tier system of voice chat (command, squad, local).  Really like the idea of being able to build stuff too.  Adds a lot to the game.  If I had one gripe about the game its that I feel there should be less recoil in some of the weapons when you are prone.Can't wait to see what the future has in store for this awesome game."
,Recommended,393380,31000243,Posted: 7 April,all,ElbowRocket,but this game if you have red blood in your veins
76561197998137410,Recommended,393380,31052676,Posted: 9 April,all,UnknownValue,Worth a price tag of $59.99.
,Recommended,393380,23750253,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Flex,Great realistic schooter great community.It's still in early access but plays great!
,Recommended,393380,23882591,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Vantech,This game has improved a lot since it was first release. The devs are definitely on point in getting updates out. Has really high potential. 8/10.Wish you could blow through walls.
76561197971811452,Recommended,393380,24155917,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,[RIP]FrankZappa,"This game is fantastic and hard. You need a mic, a good squad and for each squad leader in your team to communicate well with each other to coordinate moves, to figure out which squad in your team is on defense or offense.Teamwork is the only way to win.Please remember that this game is still in Alpha, I can't imagine how good it will be when it's finished.50 vs 50, bigger maps, vehicles... maybe helicopters.There are many more maps to come.Oh and the big challenge in this game is being a squad leader. You have to keep your cool, you have to ask your squad to ""clear comms"" because you have 4 other squad leaders talking to you on the radio whilst you're under gun fire.It's a great game if you love a challenge."
76561197987276114,Recommended,393380,24731014,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,[TLF]DaGreek,"Amazing Game. You won't be disappointed. The only thing I have to say that's slightly negative is that it takes a long time to traverse the map, however, this makes it more encouraging to take your time and not run into situtations blindly. This will be fixed with vehicles which is coming out in the next few days.If you are looking for a group / clan to play with and learn the game add me to steam. (DagGreek1212)."
,Recommended,393380,25116068,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Cobalt,"First thing's first. This game is currnetly in Alpha. It's going to have problems. It's not going to run super well, and it's not going to look good.BUT, despite all that, I highly recommend this game. In few other games do people use VOIP as much as they do in Squad. That's because if you try to lone-wolf Rambo style, you're going to have a very bad time. Only by cooperation can your squad get anything done.PROS+ A true team based experience.+ Huge maps, huge servers.+ Fairly friendly community that helps noobies learn.+ Very satisfying weapons.+ Actually has backblast on RPGs.+ Being a medic is actually rewarding.+ Great VOIP.CONS- As of writing, the game crashes a lot.- Looks a bit like dog barf, even on highest settings.- Frames are bad.- Sometimes I click to shoot and nothing happens.- Load times are awful, but I also need to upgrade my CPURemember, shoot straight, communicate, and watch the backblast."
76561198056809648,Recommended,393380,25244601,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,ValmoixNZ,"It crashes do not buy, I asked for a refund but I have played 4 hours. I am liking this because of the developers and the ideas, but the mechanics are way off so buy in the future."
,Recommended,393380,26488034,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,vandu,"Pros:- Developers involve themselves in the community by actually playing the game, posting/replying on reddit and are active on their forums.- Game is halfway arcade and milsim.- Sound design is excellent- Community is really supportive of new players- Solely team-based- V8 doubled the FPS from the previous versions.Cons- Clunky movements- If you don't have a communicative squad, the game can be frustrating- A small learning curve. I wouldn't say its a strong con, but once passed the game is amazing!"
76561198095665887,Recommended,393380,26579061,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Voldemorten,"A game with a lot of potential. Despite beeing in early access, this is by far one of the most fun cooperative games I have played to date."
76561198056957324,Recommended,393380,26579194,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Evilstorm,"Ok I had this game when it first came out and I was impressed but stopped playing it as none of my friends wanted it. Alone it was not that much fun.....Forward to free weekend and some of them have now got the game. Other night with even only 3 friends on it transformed the game into what its supposed to be...A war sim with your brothers in arms. ...Many occasions during firefights I tried to help them...Like real soldiers it becomes a bond. A friend is pinned down you will try your hardest to help them. Ok the graphics are not as great as top software companies but the ideas and gameplay put in keep you having to constantly think your position within the battle. I highly recommend this game for clans . I also have to say this. I am a stats junkie on other games. Kills matter to me. However in this , if I hadnt got a single kill I would still enjoy the thrill this game gives of just being there. I end this review with a part quote from Shakespeare which now I understand after my squad experience.....We few, we happy few, we band of brothers;For he to-day that sheds his blood with meShall be my brother; be he ne'er so vile,This day shall gentle his condition;And gentlemen in England now-a-bedShall think themselves accurs'd they were not here,And hold their manhoods cheap whiles any speaksThat fought with us upon Saint Crispin's day."
76561198006387651,Recommended,393380,26580145,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,[PUG] Count Marius Leitdorf,"It has a long way to go until it's complete, but it's shaping up to be a better Project Reality game."
76561198044870901,Recommended,393380,26581398,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,[SFW]MaxTeacher,"Buy if:- you want a more punishing/rewarding Battlefield- you want a more expansive Insurgency- you're good with coordination/teamwork- have patienceDon't Buy if:- you want to go straight into action- think you can constantly lone wolf/Rambo it- don't have a mic (it's passable to not have one, but it's strongly encouraged)Considering that it's in Alpha and the reputation that the devs have for being very open/responsive to the community, I can only assume that the game is only going to get better, and it's already pretty fun.Liking the game depends on how much you want to balance between immersion and ""arcadey-ness"". This leans a lot more into immersion, especially when compared to either major titles, but your patience will only make the game that much more gratifying. Also, there are firefights that may not have the Michael Bay-ness that were all so familiar with, but they're some of most tense moments in FPS that I can remember.  I'm still learning and I only have a couple of hours on it. I'm still trying to get used to the movement, let alone calling out targets and being a squad leader. I don't even have a set group of dedicated people to play with, but I still have fun playing with randoms.It's ok to not to like the game. It's just different. I would ignore all the bad reviews (especially when considering the free weekend) and just try it.Edit: The soundtrack doesn't get enough recognition. You only hear it in the menu, but it's great and fits perfectly with the game. It goes to show how much effort the devs are willing to put in into the smaller details of the product."
76561197960605351,Recommended,393380,23290424,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Haver \SpecOE/,700 hours in and I still love it. You might need a good graphics card from it (970 and up) but the community is great and you will have an awesome time! And get in a clan if you really wanna enjoy the game. Have fun with it!
,Recommended,393380,24076681,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,X_Pilot,"+The community is funny, nice and treat new players well.+The game used to run very poorly on my system maxing out at 60 FPS but now I never drop below 90 on the optimized maps.+The game has a lot in store and the devs are working hard on it.+Many servers to play on.+Sounds and feels of the guns are amazing.+Heavy emphasis on TEAMWORK!*****************************************************************************************************-Some maps still have optimization issues-There are some balancing issues.-Sometimes it's hard to see the enemy due to the way the game handles it's rendering. Iron sights aren't easy to aim with occasionally.*****************************************************************************************************Overall, I very highly recommend this realistic shooter. It is fun and has a lot of potential."
,Recommended,393380,24445564,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,-ΛoV- Hmsdeacon,"I've had this game for a little while now, there are a few issues with this game but unblievably an extreme lack considering thsi game is pre-alpha. A few weeks before I bought Squad it was a comtemplation over buying this or Squad and I went with the safe option.. ARMA 3 and i must say I regret it. I love this game way more than I ever could ARMA, admittingly there is less to do but Squad gives me that Mil-Sim fix i needed. This is currently one of my favorite games of all time i highly reccomened it and i can't wait to see it flourish even more. Craving the idea of British troops ( I hope they do ! )"
76561198165500139,Recommended,393380,24748180,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,OneAndDone17,I love it but make sure you have a good computer
76561198007223201,Recommended,393380,25071542,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Celtichugs,"""Fatal Error""."
76561198036521423,Recommended,393380,25572768,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Dima,10/10
76561198011083908,Recommended,393380,26134673,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Esoteric,"Love this game. Always variety in gameplay. You'll never play the same match twice. If you are a fan of cooperative and rewarding teamplay as well as satisfying gun play, or if you've ever had a taste ofor realistic military simulation (the gameplay is a mix between Battlefield and Arma), this game is a must buy. EXPECT to dump hundreds of hours into this game. BUY THIS GAME."
76561198059386627,Recommended,393380,26365836,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,36thelement,"So v8 just released today and I've decided it's time to write a brief review.Although I do play other similar games I only recently decided to get this as there were some bad reviews for it.And at £30 when I bought it I would say it was overpriced. However it may now be worth it as a lot of work has been done on a recent update.The game runs significantly smoother, more stable framerates and higher overall.It's also added a bunch of other stuff, including most importantly info on the map for which points to capture first.Now people know where to go and aren't wondering off to the edge of the map for no reason.Also the lighting has been improved, so in summary; better graphics, higher performance and better gameplay experience.I think it's worth it.Just to clarify, this is the kind of game for people who like Red Orchestra 2, Insurgency, or Arma 3.It has better multiplayer performance than Arma 3, however the zoom on the weapons is significantly lower, hence why people mention 'pixel shooting' a lot.I personally think it's better to not have a huge amount of zoom as it's unrealistic.In real life, if you're shooting a target 500 meters away, they are basically a dot; in the other aforementioned games, those images are magnified so much you got shot before you get anywhere near the enemy.My setup; 970 & i5 6600k, 8GB DDR4.Performance 60 fps on all maps, 80-100 on other maps. Max settings, no motion blur, 2xMSAA.Edit 08/12/16: As the game has increased in popularity there is an influx of people who have no idea what they're doing, incompetent squad leaders, team killers etc.More frustrating than entertaining, so I'm not really playing it any more."
76561198016406134,Recommended,393380,26368933,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Essac168,"This game is really good simulator .U could see the different of Line of Barrel between Line of Sight .U can see the guy who use the sunset /or morning and fence to conceal'em self .U can feel the guy who's been shot and down and waiting for medic .U will hear the horrible noise from 50.Cal .U will been shock by every single explosion .Every single detail will lead u to another game [ ArmA Armed Assault 2 ].Try not to die ,because that will waste a lot of time ."
76561198115203496,Recommended,393380,26369274,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,huey crasher,BEST GAME EVAH
76561198114030743,Recommended,393380,26506004,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Billy la Bufanda,Oh game has stolen too many hours from me and will take even more from me. 10/10 will spend enough hours on this game to learn a different language.
,Recommended,393380,26587923,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,[OMBD]Macklin,"Squad is a tactical multiplayer shooter with heavy focus on teamwork.If you don't give the game an honest chance there's a great risk you will have a mediocre or bad experience. You might not realize the dept of the game and what it's all about.It's not a game that you can pick up and learn every aspect of in just an hour or two, but that time will definitely get you started.I had a few pretty cool initial games back when I bought the game, but fairly quickly ended up joining a very active clan.The game is all about playing it together with other engaged players who actually want to play the game as it's supposed to be played - as a team. You can get lucky teaming up with cool people in public games, but for me the clan action is where it's all at.The community for this game is awesome, and the developers engage heavily with it. Right now this game is really awesome, but it's destined for even cooler things up ahead so I can't wait to see where it goes.If you have a microphone, crave teamwork and want a deeper experience than more mainstream shooter (BF, CS, CoD etc), then check this out."
,Recommended,393380,26599850,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,CYKA BLYAT,"Even though this is early access, and even though it is not free, unlike Project Reality, the amount of quality here is high compared to many other trashy early access titles. While it is a bit rough around the edges at the moment, the game is very playable, runs well, and the devs are active and honest. As a veteran Project Reality player, this game is definitely a worthy successor."
76561198137699599,Recommended,393380,26646971,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,bees,"Probably the finest tactical shooter avaliable right now. It is in Early Access but it holds up like a full game, there are a few place holders but other than that it is completely fleshed out. With vehicles there is a lot less hiking and more strategy, and the game is familiar to BF2: PR players like myself, though much more welcoming and easy to understand. In my opinion, the game makes the best of Project Reality and even Arma to create games with the tense combat and firefights of PR, and the large maps and travel you would see in an Arma operation. The graphics are more than satisfactory, an obvious improvement over PR but contends with Arma 3 as well, providing a smooth, easy on the eye experience. If you are a player of BF2: PR, then Squad is most definetely for you, most Arma players I would imagine would enjoy it aswell.I hope they start adding arial vehicles into the game, and improving it altogether to make it even more worth your while."
76561198202023228,Recommended,393380,25180599,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Shacker_Slade,"its a good game with team work and realism beyond any other first person shooter out there is requiers the knowladge of map usage and grid refrence along with knowing how to use a compass correctly and guessing your mesurments, unfourtantly there has been an increase in what i call ""COD PLAYERS"" or ""BATTLEFIELD PLAYERS"" whome wish to run and gun with zero purpose and dont use communication as much as others and seem to be out of the situation that is at hand such as firefights or taking objectives. but overall good game and i rekon you should get it."
,Recommended,393380,26367457,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,CowwFace,Kicks♥♥♥♥♥ I like the movement and firefight simulation more than arma 3 and i have loads of hours logged on that game. Consistent updates and a good all around community so go buy it fool.
,Recommended,393380,30991334,Posted: 6 April,all,HoneyCentaur,"Really great game for alpha if you are fine with a few glitches, gameplay is a little favoured towards non militia teams but with good teamwork it is easily overcome. What keeps you hooked is the games when you get an awesome squad amd thats what makes you want to keep playing, really good team game almost a bf4 with the teamwork of cs:go throughout the whole team 9/10. Some bad things are framerate, not unbearable gtx 980 i5-4690 get around 60fps and 30 on really dense with ultra settings, and probably the main annoyance being the chatter from all 3 channels squad, squad leads, local chat, can make it really hard to listen, maybe a toggle and alert system so that not all are active at the same time and an alert can be made to turn it on (excluding local)."
,Recommended,393380,22388845,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Morgan Freeman,"Just recently heard about the game and I must say that this game has huge amount of potential and well worth the $40 to help support the devs in the making of this game. I've enjoyed how teamwork is a must in this game, and how helpful the community can be in terms of welcoming newbies into the game. 10/10 would buy again."
76561198010519702,Recommended,393380,21778007,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,SOULFLY,this game is great. 8/10
76561198163023205,Recommended,393380,20101250,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Samex,This is going to be a fantastic game when it has a lot more features in it; As of now it is very fun to play. But with that comes the steep price tag which I personally think is a bit to much for where the game is currently at. And the odd minor bug/glitch.Also a majority of the player base plays the game seriously.I'd rate this game 9/10
,Recommended,393380,20293245,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Roman,Very addictive and one of the most realistic military games out there.
76561198034233485,Recommended,393380,19721061,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,xXx IDreamZ,Dont listen to  those negative comment ! the game is awsome and still as a long way to go !
76561197984994591,Recommended,393380,19971367,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Medusa,Arma + bf3 = Squad
,Recommended,393380,20095019,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,The Saint of Killers,"Did you ever wanted to play a realistic war game where teamplay and cooperations were actualy present?Did you ever DREAMED about helpfull squadmates and teammates?Did you ever played an Early Access that actualy gave you hope?if at least the answer is YES then you came to the right place, lad.Yes, im just 4 hours in-game, i know, i know...boo-hoo i'm not a pro with 200 hours + kickstarter alpha.But i know how to recognize a good game. and this is one of those.While having some issues due to being an Alpha...The game play is solid, the gunplay is magnificent, and the feeling...oh boy the feeling...My first match was on some sort of Afghanistanish enviroment, i jumped in and said hi to my squad. Instantly most of members replied (t'was the start of the match). I said that i was new so don't bash me too hard if i f**k up, i waited for some typical CSGO-ish insults...but instead all i got was ""Don't worry man, if you need help with anything, just ask!"". I was shocked! A cooperation based war game with ACTUAL team feeling? C'mon i gotta be high or something.But what happened the rest of the match confirmed that i wasn't high nor dreaming.Squad leader sent us to some sort of complex. we needed to wipe the enemies from it and fortify the position. No errors, no team insults, everyone was helping each other to get inside, take out the russians and fortify. ""Hey i need someone with a shovel here to make sandbags!"" 2 guys came.We stood there for a while waiting and our squad leader left and, still don't know how, seems i was the team leader. I didn't knew it until had 3 guys infront of me yelling ""for f*cks sake Beer! You're the squad leader! Do your job!"".We were surrounded by russiand and shots were coming from everywhere, i commanded to take cover inside a 2 story building since peaking out was 100% suicide, our plan was wait for a window to retreat to a safe location. Then a different ""radio channel"" popped out.""Hey 2nd squad what's your situation"", inside my head all i could do is call me stupid for not thinking that there a radio channel for squad leaders to communicate between 'em. ""Well...we're kinda f*cked here, we're trying to hold the fort but we're surrounded and taking casualties"".""Don't worry, lad. Were Oscar Mike. Be there in less than 5 minutes""The shots intensified, and not from our side of the walls. Granades blowing all around the yard. And then... they started to stop, every second there were less shots...i peaked from a windows to check what was going on and there they were. 9 guys getting into the yard and one of em saying ""hey second squad, needed help?"".We lost the match afterwards but the feeling was that we won any way.I never felt terrified in a war game before...The shots flying around your head. Watching squad mates fall as the shooting intensifies and you see more and more figures peaking around the trees.And the intense feeling of joy of seeing another squad actualy coming to help you.So my veredict is this...While having some typical alpha issues (Optimization, not much content)It is playable, and if it is so awesome now on alpha...i can't even imagine how will it be finished.Best 37 euros spent in my whole life."
,Recommended,393380,20352759,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Fidelman,It's almost unplayable without alcohol.
76561198263036198,Recommended,393380,20434668,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,76561198263036198,Brief ReviewSquad is a tactical first-person shooter video game being developed by Offworld Industries. Squad is a spiritual successor to the multi-award winning Project Reality modification for Battlefield 2Pros and ConsProsVisualsTeamworkVOIP (Almost everyomne has a micBuilding System (For Leaders)High Bullet damageConsVery Steep Learning CurveFPS Bould Be Better (it is improving)Weapon Recoil Seems ExaggratedIt Wont Be Everyones Cup Of TeaAn EndingIf you liked Insugency then buy this
,Recommended,393380,20977612,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Tactical Habanero,"Got a case of PTSD when i was in the middle of a firefight and 3 other squad leaders were yelling at me to do things, 10/10 would play again"
,Recommended,393380,19812718,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Postal1982,First impression is so far it is a solid alpha. Good dev team working on it and I see this game going far.70+ HoursDevs are in touch with the players and the updates are solid and frequent enough. Still back this game 100% Been playing since it hit Steam.
76561198066166699,Recommended,393380,19826969,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Toatsmagoats,"Has a lot of frame rate issues, if you have a♥♥♥♥♥♥CPU then you might want to wait."
76561198118613708,Recommended,393380,19829761,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Takyon,Better arma.
,Recommended,393380,19984326,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,TaZCJP,"Amazing, My Favotire Game"
,Recommended,393380,26568225,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,ChrisTC,I've been following this game for a while and first time actually playing it and I'm surprised. If you enjoy the classic Battlefield mixed with Arma/Insurgency gunplay then you'll enjoy this. Its still in Alpha stage so expect bugs and more content to be added. My only con so far beside the bugs is the desync/lag from servers. Server health would be green but you will notice your character movements rubberband. Sometimes its minor and sometimes really noticable to where no one can play.At the moment I would say its not worth full price so the 50% off is a good deal. When the game is done I can then see it being worth full price. So I say its worth an investment now if you want to get into it.
,Recommended,393380,22185738,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Spooky Pancakes(Cakefarts),"I heard from many of my friends that this game is really bad but it is not.I know that I have only played this game for 4.5 hours, but so far I can say that this game is worth trying.And if you do not like the game, then you can just refund it within 2 hours.It took me 30-45 mins to know if this game was for me, and it is!So if you are scared that you do not like it, or that you are worried about the bugs in the game (I have not seen many bugs while I played.)If you are looking for a strategy/Military shooter, then this game is for you.But I know some people are saying that there are many players who are salty/idiots. That is not true!In all the time I have played Squad I have never heard an idiot. So to thoes people who say that,I am very sorry to hear that happened to you, but the community is really good now!So if you really like teamwork and talking to other players, then I would recommend this game to you!And if you ask me what score I would give the game, I would say 7,5/10.Because I choose 7,5 is that there are some things they could fix, but it is not gamebreaking.So what are you waiting for? Go buy the game! :D."
,Recommended,393380,26565819,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Burghauptmann Schenk,"free weekend, tried it out and bought it"
76561198078486059,Recommended,393380,26450224,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Weenie Hut General,"The most immersive, intense, hardcore multiplayer shooter when everything is going right.A frustrating mess when it's not.- - - -This game is a milsim. It's less technical than ArmA, but far more demanding and difficult than Battlefield. The closest mix I can think of would be Insurgency + ArmA.Two armies battle it out on huge maps. Those armies are broken down into squads with a variety of classes in each squad. Squads must work together to capture objectives/defend objectives. While this all sounds standard when compared to battlefield, the difference is in the execution. Spawning effectively is completely dependant on an intelligent squad leader placing strategic spawn points. Defensive stands depend on a squad placing a base intelligently, and another squad helping supply the base by driving logistics trucks to it. Meanwhile, offensive squads are working to assault their defensive positions. Every squad has its place; every individual can have a purpose. You can't set bases, spawn points, or activate vehicles without an active squad lead and a squad member literally standing next to the squad lead. The game forces teamwork with a very heavy hand.This makes the game extremely rewarding, but also super frustrating. It's not a great casual game like BF1 (a game I love) where you can stop for minutes at a time to check facebook and no one on your team will notice you gone. You're wanted and needed to contribute in an intelligent way and you'll outright resent incompetent teammates and squad leaders. When you're with a good group, this game is my favorite multiplayer shooter of all time. A bad group and you'll feel like you're constantly dying in a pointless war.You need a mic. You can't play silent. The upside is that when you're part of a functioning team, you feel like you're actually accomplishing something in a social way... it's not just silently and aimlessly rambo-fighting across huge maps.I hope you get the point. It's a military shooter that rewards vocal, team-oriented play. It's far less smooth than BF, but not as clunky as ArmA. It'll take a few rounds to understand the UI, the lingo, and the general flow of battle.finally - if you're a poor sport or someone who floods comms/chat with waste then don't buy this game. It has a really good community right now (we're not all as serious as I'm making it, most just like to have fun and play well at the same time :D ). If you're let down by ArmA and looking for something more challenging and social than BF, please support the active devs!"
,Recommended,393380,26394445,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Travis,"The release of version 8 has won over my positive vote for Squad.It's more & more becoming everything I've loved from the Arma & Project Reality games. An engagement in Squad is best describe as frighteningly addictive. One moment you're walking through a field of white poppy, joking with the squad. The next second chaos & confusion erupts as you & your squad are rained down upon by enemy heavy fire.  Firefights are just as equally fought at long distances as they are nerve wrenching tight quarters. Weapons feel comparative to their real life counter parts. Squad is named rightly so, without your Squad you are nothing.I see squad as a combination of a much more polished & tuned Arma 3, and Project Reality. If you're looking for a tactical shooter where communication & teamwork is key. Then Squad is for you."
,Recommended,393380,20036623,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Zews,"Well, this was the game that actually made time fly, like the first time you found a game like that and invested so many hours in it the first time playing and you ignore everything else and don't know it until you get up to pee. I went into it expecting to refund it so I can buy csgo skins, but I joined and fell in love immediately. It was 530 Am when I started and when I looked back at the clock it was 930 Am... This game is extremely gripping and exceeded all of my expectations. Listen to your squad leader."
76561197990004809,Not Recommended,393380,35502987,Posted: 5 October,all,SubSIL3NT,very slow developement.sluggish movement.low fpspoor optimizationnot recommended due to price. should be worth $25-30
,Recommended,393380,29450992,Posted: 23 January,all,Alex,"Though it is still in Alpha, Squad is the best FPS I have ever played. This game forces you to play like a team or you will suffer dearly, often times Squads that do not play the objective or follow orders can directly cause the other team to win. This game forces players to work in unison with each other and make pivotal decisions that can sway the outcome of a match. I have already recommended this to two friends who now play daily."
,Recommended,393380,28954076,Posted: 2 January,all,Josip Broz Tito,"А что от этих солдат? У меня снайпер у которого 5 с половиною зрения. И глухой♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ мина на три метра рвется, он не слышит. Его снайпером в штатную должность записали. Три дня назад подразделение скомплектовали, сюда отправили, с кем воевать?Как бой в городе вести, не знают. БМП-3 идет, горит♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Экипаж не выходит! Танкист подъезжает, закрывает своей бронеё. Вылазь мужики, выж подбиты! Ещё не горите! Они не вылезли♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Танку снаряд залетел под ""прогон"", ушел. БМП сгорела в месте с экипажем. Что?♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥давить надо, но давить надо, ну месяц подготовки. То что их давить гадов надо - это правельно! Но давить то надо по уму♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ обученным войском! Не надо столько. Есть же у нас люди, взять кого можно, дивизию, две, три, сколько надо, собрал, блокировал, все средства туда вложили, колючей проволокой можно четыре раза обмотать. Не кто от туда не вылезет. Воздух прикрыл. Куда они денутся?"
76561198017305913,Recommended,393380,30408539,Posted: 9 March,all,[RIP] Gonoreya [SLO],"Amazing experience with a good SL and teammates. Comradery can be real high,under fire you feel for you brothers in arms.Yes it's still alfa,it has some glitches and bugs,but not far away from full gameDo you recommend this game? YES!!!! Get it now!"
,Recommended,393380,30995445,Posted: 7 April,all,Young Stoneyyy,"SquadYou play the objectiveYou listen to your squad leadderYou die for the objectiveSometimes you have to scream alah akbar , but its ok..we all do itRuns with 30-50fps at times but..iz ok iz only smellzBTW im the best vehicle singer out there, ye i know..pretty cool huh?"
,Not Recommended,393380,21359572,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,SemperFiMikey,"Granted this game is in Alpha; however, it wreaks havoc on AMD processors and GPUs. Buyer beware!"
76561198126972825,Recommended,393380,23749600,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Max Adas,"Pros:-Amazing sound effects (Headphones recommended)-Team communication/ Realistic coordination-Friendly fire/ Hardcore-Minimalistic UI-Vehicles are comming in-Thrilling firefights-Rewarding team workCons:-Its alpha-Low/ Drops FPS for AMD users (Myself included) But there are constant fixes and pathes and tips and tricks for that-Low player base till evening when people are more free of work and schoolEvery time i play this game (Usually as Medic, cuz i suck at pretty much every other class plus i like to help people),I feel like in movie Save private Ryan on Omaha Beach trying to patch up as many people i can, every one is thanking me and i do same when they get me up. Communication is key in this game, constantly checking map if you are not shooting friendlies. Killing someone in this game is so satifying and i dont want to say rare but its really hard. Flanking, team coordination is key to succes in this game and thats what i love about this very much. When you are in some firefight and get alive it gives me really fast heart beat/ Adrenaline.I really recommend this game for lovers of tactical, realistic warfare experience."
,Recommended,393380,25178941,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Peeorun,The squad is the best strategy fps game in the world. I very recommend this game for strategy players. If you like too much battlefield it's not game for you.
,Recommended,393380,25414216,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Mr. Rogers,"I quit playing squad a few months ago, when they first introduced the 50 cal emplacements... The game felt broken, ugly, sounds were off.  I came back last week and I have to say, its 100% better.  Visuals and sounds are awesome.All bugs except fatal error seem to be gone.  The Fatal error bug, happens after round end, then shortly after the next map starts majority of the people in the server will crash.  It can be mitigated by disconnected and reconnecting and seems to alwasy work.  The only downside is a heavily populated server, you might lose your spot trying to reconnect.I highly recommend this game to people who enjoy realistic shooters, like arma..."
76561198031247827,Recommended,393380,22682367,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Fiddyshades,10/10 would drop out of college again.
76561198068784209,Recommended,393380,23700764,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,GRONK,"Coming from a past Project Reality player, this game has really interested me. I fully support the development of this game. Finding a game that you can actually communicate with your team to coordinate attacks on the enemy is what I really wanted to do and continue to play. Most games that I play for example, battlefield, just doesn't compare to it. Having my own squad to play with on battlefield still isn't as good because it's too easy to kill people, it's too easy to hop in a tank and unload on the enemy, it's too easy to jump out of a jet and start C4ing everything.This game delivers something different. You aren't running around quick sniping, you're digging down taking cover preparing for an enemy attack. And if you aren't yelling over gun fire while holding your position.. Then you're the one attacking the enemy, strategizing with your squad, coming up with the best possible way to get through the enemy line.While all of this sounds so serious and may even sound like too much to handle, it's not. You'll be interacting with the best community around. Your squad mates will be making hilarious jokes and laughing about stuff on the way to combat. Even when you're an insurgent, you have people yelling silly things but you are all still playing the objective, winning. It's a game where you can have so much fun, yet you're playing a very realistic mil-sim shooter."
76561198165078023,Recommended,393380,25829310,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,s0tic,sikkk
,Recommended,393380,23742831,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Anticitizen,Best military shooter.
,Recommended,393380,19755935,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Smedly,"Incredible spiritual successor to Project Reality, the only down side being the name of the game!"
,Recommended,393380,19716266,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Renard,"I enjoyed Project Reality as ultimate squad combat experience, now I can enjoy squad in SQUAD. Since Operation Flashpoint: Cold War Crisis I was disappointed with ARMA games that came next, after many years they are still fun but clunky and glitchy, and SQUAD even in early access alpha build feels smooth and You can enjoy the massive scale of infrantry combat. If You enjoy fast paced FPS with high competetive level that throws multi kills and archievements at You -  You may not enjoy SQUAD. But if Your bloods runs faster under fire and You understand the need of fire teams working together or idea of pinning enemy with Your gunfire to regroup - that is a fine game for You my friend."
,Recommended,393380,19724697,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,CrownRoyalty,"Very very very immersive game, really loving it so far, it's a mix of Arma and Battlefield, but it feels like it's own thing. Sound system is amazing. Medic system is very simple and works extremely well, build system is very well integrated and works awesome, and the maps and environments are insanely awesome. It easily takes the best out of both games and runs with it and wins the race by far. The only problem so far is bad FPS dips, I run at around ~30 fps, but it dips every 3 seconds down to 15 and back to 30 which is causing my screen to jerk, and in firefights it does it a lot and causes me to die most of the time, but overall, I am enjoying the hell out of this title and it's only in Alpha, once they get the FPS problems fixed then it's gonna be perfect!! Right now I would give it probably a good 7.5 out of ten because the FPS issue does take a lot out of the game because it is an FPS afterall, but still a good buy for an Early Access game and very enjoyable!!!!"
76561198075112402,Recommended,393380,33734504,Posted: 22 July,all,Y.N.B.,THE BEST FPS AT THE MOMENT
,Recommended,393380,19710515,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Xephonalim,A bit of Insurgency and a bit of Arma 3.  Very fun Indeed!
76561198073173885,Recommended,393380,19732629,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,[5thH]McSausager,"The new promising home for all routed Arma-Players.For teamwork optimised, fluid gameplay and without unnecessary complicated stuff.Team up and enjoy."
76561197975296168,Recommended,393380,19741597,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,=]H[= Clean,"I've played PR since 2007, but I figured I never paid and I've been enjoying PR since then, $40 can't hurt to try to get a more updated one. I'm fine with waiting if it means someone is going to effectively do this. A lot of PR players will likely be turned off because of the lack of assets, which is totally understandable. Objectively looking at it, it's going to be way cooler than Insurgency, and the feeling (without the constant server syncing issues) of ArmA, hopefully.Definitely think that getting burned out will be easy, but such is the case with early stages of any game. That's mostly because of the lack of content; again that's expected. I haven't played much but I have seen some good and bad teamwork, just like PR, so pretty consistent on that front.If you aren't from the Project Reality community, this game should be the♥♥♥♥♥♥(although that isn't the case due to it being such an early release). Build fobs and stay together, always have 2 medics because everyone will get shot, but most importantly build as many fobs as you can.I was kind of hoping that for the release on the 15th they would have had basic vehicles (Humvee, Techy, Logi Truck) as I'd heard they'd already made the models."
76561197973983500,Recommended,393380,19975962,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Fade,"This game is basically the new PR (project reality - a mod for BF2), after the events that went down between the team. you can google for more of that info.it has some very glaring problems currently that i would like to point out. one is the server browser. if you play in a group, it is very hard to coordinate which server to join. one person may see a server on the browser list, while another may not because it does not display all available servers - we aren't sure wether this is region based, ping based, or what. also, there is currently NO DIRECT CONNECT option via console commands, so external tools to view various browsers are essentially informational only at this point in time. if you play a single person, this might be a non-issue. if you play with friends in larger groups, it proves to be very annoying as people start shouting possible servers to join, only to find out that half of the people in the chat cannot see that server in their browser list. this usually requires a game reboot in order to hopefully see that server.base building is partially overpowered, as the only way to destroy objects currently is to use the shovel. explosives do not destroy or damage buildables.the graphics are very good, however i feel the field of view and the relative sizing of items is completely bonkers. I play on a semi-standard 27"" screen at 1440p resolution. i have this monitor overclocked to between 96hz and 120hz. on Epic i can generally run at a decent 30-40 frames a second with a 4th gen i5 and a R9-280. i turn down some of the settings in order to increase my frames to match the frequency of my monitor. this is kind of a big deal, the reason being that, i've noticed there is some weird lag or latency issues with regards to frame rates. as frame rates drop, there seems to be an exponentially increased input lag, to the order of extremely noticeable. its very evident during the longer animations which i have another problem with - which is a carry over from the old Project Reality days. the longer animations its very easy to notice these and will get you killed as you transition from one weapon to another, even more so when your FPS drop. using squads in-game FPS command (stat fps) you can view the frames and time taken to render in ms. as frames drop the ms increases. at 30fps i've noticed that shooting there is a very odd delay between clicking the mouse and the time the weapon takes to go off.there is a very odd correlation between distances and the way the game renders it. guys at 100 meters with my current settings are essentially 6-10 pixels big. thats probably a bit of an exageration, but I cant really put into words how off the relativity of distances and sizes things are rendered at. this makes engaging targets out beyond 50-100 yards basically pointless.the recoil on some weapons is completely rediculous, a good example is the M249 SAW or the RPK. while i realize that maybe due to balance they put the recoil so high to discourage ramboing, there is no deployment system currently in the game, so even prone trying to suppress an enemy squad on a hill is basically pointless. as well the ""suppression"" - there is very minimal effect.some of the sounds are very good(ie firing a rifle), which really helps with immersion, while audio positioning is pretty bad. i run audiophile headphones of different variaties (beyerdyanmic DT770 pro, AudioTechnica AD-700x, superlux 668b) through a Fiio DAC/AMP setup, and in most games I can tell distance and direction very very well. in this game it is very hard currently.some minor things is that there is currently no back-up sight option for the weapons with scopes (ie M4 w/ ACOG). the PSO scope on the Draganov is completely incorrect as far as the distances relative to the impact points of the BDC, and the ranging reticle (the stadiometer) is off. while trying to use the M203 in order to range with it you have to basically point to the target and range manually. there is currently no way to range other than guess with the GP-25. there is no range adjustment at all for any sights other than hold-over. there's no breacher class yet, so no grappling hooks, no C4, no shotgun. the kits are too basic. there's no mounted weapons yet. the lighting in this game is god-awful. i basically turn off all the shadows otherwise the entire game would be pitch black.overall, its a work in progress. a fairly decently good work in progress. it has many pros versus other tactical shooters. Insurgency was always a pretty crap game for me, I had so many problems with it. I like ArmA but the problem there was BI studios basically gave up on ArmA 3 and went with some kind of space-aged garbage instead of sticking to standard weaponry and vehicles. the other problem with ArmA is the fact that noone plays in actual squads/groups in most game modes as there is no benefit to playing in one unlike PR/Squad's gameplay. I shouldn't have to installed 80gb of mods to fix Bohemia's lack of focus."
,Recommended,393380,19979118,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,nekesti 2.0,"Squad... wow. There isn't much more to say about it.You play a variety of roles, in a variety of teams. You're goal is to work together with your squad (hence the name of the game) and capture points and other tasks similar. Immediately upon joining your first game, you will come to realize the intensity of this game. This isn't for the weak-hearted; this is for those looking for a fun, challenging and realistic gameplay experience.Game Play: 8.5/10 - Since it's in alpha, there are still some minor things that could be improved, but overall gameplay is rather fluid and seamless.Graphics: 9/10 - Let me tell you, these graphics are perfect. They capture things perfectly and only help support the realism and intensity of the fire fights. Probably one of the key things that makes the game so incredible, and I only expect the graphics to get better as it exits Early Access.\Sound/Audio: 8/10 - After playing for a while, you get used to the gunshots. Let me tell you, though, that when you first join and you here those gunshots go off and those explosions, there isn't anything quiet about it. As I said before, it only helps to capture the realism and in a way, makes it scarier, like an actual firefight.The community of this game is incredible. You don't see 12 year olds screaming in to their microphone, or trolls hoping to ruin the game experience for you. The developers interact closely with the community, and everyone is supportive of eachother. When in combat (and out of combat) I feel like they are brothers to me, and I don't want any of them to get shot up. There is a sense of comradery, and that's what makes the game so excellent.Final Notes: I personally was avoiding early access games, as I had been let down in the past. I decided to go on a limb after seein the glowing reviews of Squad, and let me tell you, I was not dissapointed. This is not your average early access game. If anything, this game is almost ready for launch; that's how well set up it is. So, even if you are one of those people who are against early access, I encourge you to take the chance like I did and get this game. You won't be dissapointed.Final Score: 8.7/10TL;DR: Get the game."
,Recommended,393380,20442269,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Pog,"Amazing FPS that requires teamwork, communication (having a mic is crucial), tactical knowledge (squad leader either makes/breaks a squad), patience.  This game is everything Battlefield 4 tried to do but failed to do so.  Everyone in your squad has to put in the work, has to get along.  This game isn't very much optimized for AMD CPU's at the moment; being an FX 8350 user, I still get 35 fps in the heaviest/max pop servers. The developers seem like they actually do care about the game and the players, so I'm quite certain this issue will be resolved very soon.  Intel based chipsets are said to be averaging 50-70 fps; sometimes even more.  I've played almost all of the first-person shooters until this point and I can safely say that this is the best I've come across.  The community is full of adults so maturity shows.  Buy the game, play a match, and you be the judge... if it's not your preference, you can have Steam issue you a full refund as long as you have played less than 2 hrs."
,Recommended,393380,20336966,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Private Joker,The only issue with this game is that all the servers are almost always full.
,Recommended,393380,30681910,Posted: 23 March,all,Kani09lonewolf,hands down best millitery shooter
76561198272161131,Recommended,393380,23811100,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,CroSoldier,Injured soldier: MEDIC!!!Medic: Do you have insurance?
,Recommended,393380,32224857,Posted: 6 June,all,blue †,"very good yes, i found myself not playing the game as i refunded it cause i was on my own and no one wanted to play with me so i had to get my money back.i then bought a knife for CSGO and gambled it in order to feed my sprite addiction, i then lost my hous in order to buy more sprite, i then lost the love of my life and then went homless, i now found myself looking foward into the future in order to buy more sprite, this is the one i love"
76561198042087994,Recommended,393380,21183792,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,[BigD] s.mouse [N/A],The successful sequel to the Singstar series.=Pros=-Games more atmospheric-No negative reviews on your singing-songs can change mid way depending on the situation-30+ player song duets-100's of different dancing techniques=Cons=-Getting shot by your team from singing.10/10 can keep singing while dead.
,Recommended,393380,23689855,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Walter Sobchak,Great game with a lot of potential but only worth the price if you are a fan of Project Reality and want to see this game succeed.
76561198033792839,Recommended,393380,23499146,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Wu-Tang,Im addicted.
,Recommended,393380,24247109,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,em-cee,"I would write a longer review but I want to go play squad right now so I'll leave it short.If you like insurgency, you will like squad, but a million times more.  It's a fun blend of fast-into-faction arcade shooters, but with milsim like combat and none of the ""map memorization"" tricks of games like insurgency (because maps are open).But there are performance issues which require a big upfront labor of debugging/setting tweaking until it runs correctly (getting better each patch)OK NOW I GET TO PLAY"
,Recommended,393380,26574902,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Snail,"One of the most engaging and realistic shooters out there. You really do feel like teamwork matters and what I find interesting is that the word 'Squad' comes up so much in natural conversation. Great game, am buying it after the free weekend."
76561198014597947,Recommended,393380,29535767,Posted: 27 January,all,Brule Rules,Be Cheaper!!!  I played durring the free weekend and i want to play again.
76561198069144059,Recommended,393380,30986724,Posted: 6 April,all,sub,This is what EA's Battlefield series should feel like.
,Recommended,393380,22096528,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Chinnigan,Gotta love some of that classic patriotic aussie racism/camaraderie.
76561198008952725,Recommended,393380,19710295,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,thedons,"Ive been waiting for this game forever and you know what, it was so worth it. The realism is awesome, and guns sound amazing. The maps are detailed and have replayability. If you like real first person, team based, communication and explosiosn I recommend this game. Just one problem im getting is connecting to servers and thats it.I run on epic and high settings.GTX 770 superclocked and water cooledAmd 9770 (something like that)32 gb of ram at 2120 (close enough)120 gb Ssd1 tb of space"
76561198044551364,Recommended,393380,19738874,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Awzm,"The game is as, clearly stated by the developers, not a finished product. People who compare the 40$ pricetag to the current content of the game will ofcourse say it is to much. But the game is not finnished and has  a lot of potential. But if you are unsure if you want to support the development of this, in my opinion, allready awesome game you should wait for the ""real"" release.The game is all ready better than a lot of other games in the FPS genre. First of all ingame communications are the best i have come across in any 50+ player game. The way communications are set up are also really well done and removes a lot of problems other games has, such as arma. You can only communicate with your squad and people close by, and squad leaders have their own communications channel to cooperate between squads.To summarize: Good game, alot of potential. Some minor problems, lack of content, will be improved."
,Recommended,393380,19811695,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,SFish,"All in all a great game. I've played PR before and squad is just like it. The teamwork, tactics, and realism all make the game one of my favorite games of all time. Buy it."
,Recommended,393380,25586341,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Tidreit,Squad I find can be a great game once it is complete.
,Not Recommended,393380,24171155,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,iVo^,"Wonderful game. Something between Insurgency and ARMA. The atmosphere and tension is real. When you get a good squad leader and teammates who play together this game is wonderful. Sadly it's plagued by a lot of technical problems. You will see many reviews about bad performance, and while I myself did not experience this, there were plenty of other technical problems. The game crashes and freezes frequently, stops responding, graphical glitches and artifacts. The devs seem active in adding new content (which is great) but they should really prioritize optimizing and having a game which runs over adding new stuff when the game has severe instability issues. Ultimately my game started freezing on the start screen and I am unable to launch the game. It was fun while it lasted. The game is still early alpha so there is plenty of time for this to be fixed but I cannot recommend this game until then."
,Recommended,393380,25170294,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,RDM,"Almost a whole day of spent time on Squad, it's time for me to make a review on this game.Let me start by saying I have great knowledge about this kind of games as I have played a lot of Arma 3, Red Orchestra etc..Most of what I learned came from my team experience in Arma.First game launched after checking controls and trying firing range, I find myself on a ""menu"" where I can see the map and I can choose to join a squad or create one. I obviously join one since I still don't know jack about the game.My squad was quite friendly and the people I encountered were really striving to help other people and myself.This is the very first thing I noticed in Squad, the community, it seemed really nice, cooperative with a bit of competitivity.The gameplay was kind of smarter than usual, everyone was aware of what was going on, checking areas, walking like squads, smoking when needed, suppressive fire to help medic go and revive collegues.After a few other games, I still had no problem with the game or the community itself, everything was still nice, tried many servers, different squads, encountered different types of squad leaders.As of today, I'm still very happy about this game, I enjoy playing it and I use to play regularly with the same people as we kind of all go on 2 to 4 servers, so it's nice playing with them again. None of them are in my friendlist.Is this game for you ?Now that I've briefly explained my personal experience with the game, you want to know if this one is for you..Well, if you like realistic army games like arma, but with a touch of insurgency, it sure is !All you need to play this game are the following:- A mic. You really need this one. This game is all about communication, so if you're not willing to speak, you will not really be of help to your squad and your own experience will be meh.- Teamplay. This one you need, you won't do anything by yourself there, you're part of a squad, your squad can make a difference, not you. So play with them and listen to your Squad Leader.- Nice guy. Be a nice guy, be fun and don't be too serious about this, be competitive and play to win, but keep the fun in it or it won't be a game anymore ! Remember, happy teammates will be more useful than angry ones ;)- Give back. You will be taught things, you will learn things by yourself. So don't be selfish and share your knowledge with others.Seriously, this game is not hard, it's dense, but it's not really the game, it's more the community that makes the game, the game just gives us assets to use, but it's community makes everything, so be nice and be nice, so others will be nice and the game will be better and better.I always wanted a military game, I had arma, it's good, but Squad is just THE PvP military-sim we need.I will finish talking about it's optimisation. It doesn't run well. Devs (I think it's them) already said it was not a priority as they were putting new things every now and then in game so they would have to optimise every time they did so. Optimisation will come, and if I'm not wrong some updates are coming soon for this, but the real optimisation will start in beta state.If you want this game to come out etc.. buy it, there are ways to gain fps (tutos in discussions just look for it). I can run this game 30fps+ on meh laptop i5-4200h gtx765m so it's fine. I also have a desktop one tho.If you're not sure, try it out and refund if you're really not into it.Don't stop at your first experience, try different servers, different squads, cause like I said, the community makes the game, so one idiot might ruin your first one, they're not many of them, I only encountered two in 24hours..Gameplay: It's amazing, played AAS and Insurgency, your Squad Leader can order and create many things (sandbox like fortifications), create rally points FOBs, they're are vehicles, humvees, trucks, btr's..The weapons feel great to use, the lack of scope on many makes it hard, the variety of roles are great, choose those that will help your squad !Sound: Just to say that the sounds make this game so immersive, the weapons, the nades, the turrets (holy moly that 50 cal.).There are many ways to attack, be strategic, flanking feels so damn great.Community: Great, looking to help, teamplay is everywhere, but you will surely encounter some idiots..Like in every single game, don't give up cause one ruined it.Game/optimisation: There are a couple of bugs, crashes. Crashes usually happen at start of game 5min span. Nothing that will keep you from playing the game, it's already playable.So come on and be part of this community, help us expand and thrive !See you soon :)"
76561198046257490,Recommended,393380,19709499,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,HashxBrowns,"Very fun game. still needs lot of work but that is expected from a Alpha game. If you got the money go for it, if this is a game you have to pick over something else go with the other game. You want a realistic shooter with bad fps and real gun sounds that will make your family think ISIS is near by this is the game for you!"
76561197997332453,Recommended,393380,23530553,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,=BAD=CorruptGIJoe,"I played this when it was first released for early access. I took some time away, but came back today. This is one of those FPS games that gets the blood pumping."
,Not Recommended,393380,24198061,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,DeltaFox,"I will stick with Arma until this game can really prove itself worthy to purchase again. So many other players in-game were communicating and having a fun time assaulting the enemy position.... I was not. This game did not want to work at all with my Ati/AMD configuration.  If you are running ATi steer clear of this game until they can iron out their comaptibility!I really wanted to enjoy this game, but troubleshooting did not work and leaving it in my library unplayed for its price would have been a loss. Fortunately, I was able to return this game... I was not so lucky with, 'The Dead Linger'."
76561198267995742,Recommended,393380,20161386,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,♛ DraCo.PvP ♛,not bad
76561198242380668,Not Recommended,393380,23961187,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Donowitz,"Gun sounds=AmazingAnimations=Amazing (from a third person view)Teamplay is awsomeVery tacticalCommunity is strong and non-cancerousMusic is pretty damn amazing,Grenade explosions are great.But since it is early access, the optimization is awful, frame dips are random and graphics are average.Gameplay is EXTREMELY clunky, not worth $40.Like it but i don't. I would certainly play it, but I cannot say that in the current state I would recommend this game."
,Recommended,393380,20968291,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,kaLED,اللعبة مازلت تحتاج الكثير من العمل والمود الحالي المتعمد هو مود الإحتلال يختلف عن باتلفيلد في انه لابد من إحتلال المناطق بشكل تدريجي وإلزامياللعبة لازم تمشي مع السكواد وفي نفس الوقت حاول اذا كنت ميت تنتظر الميدك ولا تسوي ريسباون عشان ما تخسر سكوادك نقاط الريسباونفي نوعين من الشات الصوتي مع سكوادك وكمان مع القريب منك فإبمكانك تطلب الدعم بشكل أسرع وأسهلاللعبة الجري فيها محسوب عليك وفر في مناطق حتى تقدر تجري في مناطقعيبها الوحيد واللي يجبرك انك تتقاعس عن تجربتها مرة اخرى هو انك فعلا تحتاج شلة شباب من اصدقائك في تيم سبيك او غيره حتى يكون التفاعل والإداء اكثرعادة لو دخلت اللعبة التيم ورك مطلوب وراح تلتزم فيه وستجد الكل ملتزم فيه وتحصل سكواد يمشون مع بعض وإذا جاك ضرر تحصل الميدك مباشرة يجيك ويعطيك الإسعافاتالإشتباكات في اللعبه كثيرة من حولك لكن بالنسبه لك تجدها قليله لا تسوي ذيب وتقول بيدور من وراهم لو حتى نجحت وقتلت واحد انت كذا حجرت نفسك صرت لوحدك والدعم بعيد منكالكلام عنها طويل وفي أشياء ما ذكرتها واختصرها لك بشكل سريع*لابد تكون رايق*تحركاتك للمنطقه لابد تكون مخطط لها*إذا اعجبتك انسيرجنسي هذه راح تعجبك لانها مثلها ولكن بشكل اكبر*اللعبة مازلت تحتاج الكثير من العملنعم تستحق التجربه اذا كنت من محبين بروجكت ريالتي او انسيرجنسيوشكرا
76561198103515540,Not Recommended,393380,24483917,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,FriendlyRaider,"I bought this game the moment it came out, like a lot of other people, we were promised so much at kick starter, and I thought the screenshots and the high price proved they kept their promise. I was wrong and that's my fault I should've watched some videos or streams on it.Performance: God awful. I have a AMD-6300 Quad Core and granted it's not the best, but whenever someone shoots a gun near me my frames drop to 8, whenever someone talks my frames drop to 4. Someone told me to not use Logitech soundboards so I took my headset out and it ran decently but the frame drop from gun shots is still present.The game is updating really slowly but surely. It has SO much potential, an unbelieveable amount of potential. But until they add in Humvees, before they add in Bradelys, or Strykers they need to optimize the game. When they update the game to run AMD and Intel I will play the game and reconsider the negative review. But they blame the current game engine as a reason not to optimize to adjust to AMD so they don't care if hundreds of AMD users don't play the game."
76561198108271640,Not Recommended,393380,22508745,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Alexander,"This is quite a regretful review. Great game, I loved BF2 PR but there's just too many people playing squad who like to cheat with aimbot. They are fricken everywhere on every server and they make it blatantly obvious. I can spot a good player from a cheater and too many times have I been headshot by a guy seconds from peaking above cover over 500m away. It's a shame there aren't Ai to play against because MP is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at the moment!"
,Not Recommended,393380,20879628,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,z3r0,"All in all pretty decent but needs much work. Couldn't manage to get 60 FPS on a server with ~70 or more players.Some specs of my rig: i5 3570, GTX 970, 16GB 1600MHz RAM. Internet: 32 Mbit DSL.Refunded and rather waiting for release. Never doing the same fault again like I did with Dayz (which got unsatisfying performance, too).Can't recommend in this state because, for example, 50 vs. 50 matches are advertised but are for most players rather unplayable."
,Recommended,393380,24761859,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,SaLeH,gg
76561198054700878,Not Recommended,393380,25682326,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,John Fkn Rambo,"saw it ... bought it ... requested a refund within 30 minutes. If you run an AMD system, don't bother. Purely optimzed for Intel. Was bad enough it should be on the label or in description. Nothing but video lag, unrendered objects, etc..My sepcs are well beyond recommended build to play this game. Save your money."
,Recommended,393380,19856694,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,[0 Coy] Tydirium,"Absolutely beautiful game, fluent gameplay, genuinely realistic and if your a fan of Dayz and Red Orchestra 1 and 2 definitely buy it if your looking for a game that has great sound; this will give you PTSD!"
76561198071766565,Not Recommended,393380,28811985,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Tango,"The actual game and its mechanics are ok, but the community is terrible. With no tutorial you will find players who are clueless and do not have any sense of teamplay. The clueless people usually make up 50-60% of the team which causes terrible balance issues and is probably the biggest problem lately. Then you have the people who don't play on local servers. On American servers I encounter many people who dont speak english. It also deteriorates teamplay as well because there is no communication possible. Lastly there are trolls. The usual case of a troll consists of a mass tk or the classic music player. There are trolls on every game but they really make this game unenjoyable. The last and biggest problem overall would be the hit registration due to latency. When someone has a ping significantly higher than yours (100+ ms difference) they are practically invincible. A few of the people I play with have noticed this as well. The way it goes down most of the time is: You come around a corner and shoot an enemy 3 or more times. He then returns fire after taking 3+ bullets to the chest and kills you with 1-2 shots as if he knew you were there. This is the biggest problem because like I mentioned above, people who live outside the US join US servers (Or the other way around) and they have a bad ping. So local players are losing in most gunfights."
76561198021674313,Not Recommended,393380,30226695,Posted: 27 February,all,dobro,"At this stage of development this game cannot be called ""Squad""It feels more like ""Squat at my face"" game, more or lessJust hope one day situation will be different."
76561198094047123,Not Recommended,393380,30076402,Posted: 21 February,all,PaPa Shango,Post Scriptum
,Recommended,393380,29956465,Posted: 15 February,all,Kurdish0602,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
76561198169438517,Not Recommended,393380,32292425,Posted: 9 June,all,.mR| Rosenrot,"TL;DR maybe consider it at half price or lower when the steam summer sale kicks in.EDIT: Only leaving this as a negative rating because steam does not allow a ""neutral"" option.Don't get me wrong, it's a good game in the right hands but here's somewhat of a buyer's beware for anyone who's condering picking it up.1.)It's only good with friends you know who will be level headed in terms of thinking and will give you the patience to learn. Not exactly fun going solo with pubs.2.)The LoD and viewdistance (particularly with playermodels is waaaay too low). Even at max settings, you will get shot by enemies you can't even see (it's like playing goldeneye on the N64 again, yay!). Also if you want the best chance of seeing enemies from afar, you better set that FOV slider to the lowest.3.)Content; or lack-therof, is far and few if you're used the the wide selection of something like ArmA. This means:-No Invade and Annex-No KOTH-No editor-No steam workshop, which follows to the next point4.) It's PVP only, (and only in first person). Many MILSIM elitists will rejoice at this feature, but for me, ehh...5.) Performance isn't the best. Yeah I can see the responses, ""but ArmA has even worse optimization"", which is debatable because in this game there are many factors that will effect you FPS. The amount of people on the server, the map, amount of vehicles spawned, ping of each player. Just like ArmA, exept ArmA has more content overall so I don't know why I'd recommend getting this game.One thing this game does get right though, is the sound design. Probably the best I've heard in a game."
,Recommended,393380,20717544,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Brofessor,"You wanna develope PTSD without the risk of dying. Well, you've come to the right place.10/10 Would scream MEDIC! again...and again...and again...till he heals me."
,Recommended,393380,20553574,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Brendon114,Great
76561198081467282,Recommended,393380,22910800,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Bastiaandetata,"the game is awsome, very realistic tactics and feeling of being in a war zone.improve the graphic performance, and the crossfire/sli. and the game will be complete"
76561198018226841,Recommended,393380,25741915,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,WingManEvil,"Hi AllIf your reading this id like you to know that this si one of the most intese and thrilling games i have played. the maps are huge, combat is realistic from gun sounds to bullets izzing by your head all the way down to breaching compunds with a team of 9 guys is just an awsome feeling. I have played about 300 hours so far and still get a buzz off the game which is real hard now days. as it stands this game is brilliant. However bugs are still in game due to alpha stage but overall top gane...see you on the battlefield"
,Recommended,393380,33018745,Posted: 29 June,all,$1 Polish Food,"10/10 game, still fun on 20 fps average."
76561198378662300,Recommended,393380,31595306,Posted: 6 May,all,CwC,"this game is like arma but smoother gun fights , controls , frames anything you can think of this game does better"
,Recommended,393380,32836091,Posted: 26 June,all,Anus,"Insanely fun game, HIGHLY RECOMENDED."
76561198011005579,Recommended,393380,23937613,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,VoodooChild,Already a great Alpha and I trust the developers to create a great game.
,Recommended,393380,33155747,Posted: 2 July,all,✪ Sp00ky♕,First game i get in tooi say im new blah blahmy team helps me play and all thatthen while we're running through a field one of my teammates is screaming idk what ive been told eskimo ♥♥♥♥♥ is always coldand then mortars start landing near us and then my team likes to out yell the mortars SCREAMING idk what ive been told eskimo ♥♥♥♥♥ is always cold10/10 i would ♥♥♥♥ an eskimo
76561198085769734,Recommended,393380,33315705,Posted: 6 July,all,Whiskas,I love 25 frames.
,Recommended,393380,33373626,Posted: 8 July,all,Nic,"Great game.If you like: ARMA, Rainbow 6 Siege, Old School RuneScape, InsurgencyThen you'll like this game"
,Recommended,393380,33298913,Posted: 5 July,all,KING,great game
,Recommended,393380,33051178,Posted: 30 June,all,Archer,"TLDR 10/10 would have flashbacks againThe first time I played, I was messing around in the training area, wearing my headphones for sound. I threw a hand grenade out in the open (as this is how I usually judge 'realistic' shooters). I ducked as it exploded, and almost dove out of my chair because I saw frag rapidly skittering across the sand right towards me.Alright. Cool.Later on, I was gunning in a humvee across the mountains of TakiRaqiStaniStan, a position and place I was familiar with. We 'round a bend at the bottom of this mountain pass, and out of nowhere SPLOOSH-BAAAANG! followed my immediate, overwhelming small arms fire. As soon as I realize our truck was hit with an RPG (a position and place I'm familiar with), we've already been wasted. None of us could even be mad, it was the most perfect ambush in Squad history."
,Recommended,393380,20573132,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Delta 2-1,"Went to FOB or whatever to check it out. I found out I could change my weapon loadout, uppon doing this I was greeted by an angry teammate who decided to shoot me multiple times.Overall the game is pretty fun and really intense.7/10"
,Recommended,393380,32306489,Posted: 9 June,all,Matti,"played this game for 2 hours, didn't sleep for a week.worth it?every ♥♥♥♥ing second."
76561198070453212,Recommended,393380,32400221,Posted: 13 June,all,cheezitswoo,This game is absolutley fantastic in every way possible! I highly recommend this game to everyone!
,Recommended,393380,32382159,Posted: 12 June,all,MosquitoMD,"Gets better every update. Devs care for performance just as much as new content. No other FPS like it, a must have in your library.IF YOU ARE CHOOSING BETWEEN SQUAD OR RS2 PICK SQUAD, I PLAYED BOTH AND REFUNDED RS, not as much teamplay or communication."
76561198038981695,Recommended,393380,31149020,Posted: 14 April,all,THE Pancake,10/10 Cannot wait for final release.
76561198324929919,Recommended,393380,31161528,Posted: 15 April,all,Ricky From Sunnyvale,Ricky approvescombat mechanics are fantastic. When people talk you hear a radio to help with the realismall out warfare if this game were on VR I'd be a certified destruction machine!!!
,Recommended,393380,31164572,Posted: 15 April,all,r-yin vvs,"> First time playing on Kohat Toi (mountainous region)> First time driving MT-LB (APC)> Take the wrong turn off the road> Off roading with 9 people in stryker> Struggling to stay on the ground and not enough power to make it up the mountain> Get dragged down the mountain all the way down to a compound> Lead b*tching cus we are taking 10 minutes to get to our obj> Must persevere - I gotta get my squad out of this mess...> Finally find clear ground towards a road> Squad thankful we made it with the APC, everyone cheering telling me only 20m left dont flip!> Literally 2 seconds later APC glitches and does a full 360 flip in the air:O (Crowd goes wild)> Finally make it to checkpoint after 15 minutes of off roading on a f*cking huge mountain in an APC> We get runover at checkpoint and APC gets rocketed> Lose the game& still had a good time.10/10As long as you and your team have good comms there will never be a dull moment. Even a losing match can be a complete blast. Literally."
,Recommended,393380,32049841,Posted: 29 May,all,Hawthorn,"Amazing game, very polished for early access. Mostly complete.  The biggest issue I have is around lack of community options. Friends, Clans etc.Its a game that works best with a good squad, but after each game the squads are broken up and the teams randomized.  Its very hard to get back with the same squad, so its hard to build relationships.I want to RATE squadleaders and see those ratings in the UI when picking squads. I want to favorite squadleaders so I autojoin them when I spawn into a new server/"
,Recommended,393380,32052060,Posted: 29 May,all,♞||J. Voyle||♞,One of the best teamwork/milsim games I have played very friendly community.
,Recommended,393380,32030306,Posted: 28 May,all,QC | Phantom,"Awesome millsim game, most immersive FPS game I've played.Overall rating: 8/10Would play over Arma, Insurgency, Battlefield, BattlefrontPros:Good graphicsGreat soundBest VOIP system in any FPSVery good performance on UE4Base buildingGood vehicle handlingMinimal desync/lagDistinguishable factionsLarge mapsVery team based gameplay (no lone wolves)Jumping (unlike Arma)Active developmentFriendly playerbaseCons:Bad leaders = lossCan get stuck sometimesModerate learning curve especially for squad leaderSome graphics could be betterI've heard soft cover rendering can be an issuePerformance:I don't drop below 60fps on a 2560x1080p monitor, usually 70-90fpsGTX 1070i5 6600k at 4.3Ghz16GB DDR4Fast loading on a HDDI've heard that it is CPU heavy so don't complain that your potato can't run it"
76561198077804934,Recommended,393380,32052830,Posted: 29 May,all,physister,">Be me>Join squad as medic>SL: ""get in that BTR were gona go cap that third point"">guy 1: ""noone is capping the nearest point"">SL:""trust me everyone in"">get in BTR>silence during ride for a good 5 mins>guy 1:""wait whats tha.."">SL:""STOP STOP STOP ST...Black screen.We were 9, now we're 0.>look at screen for 10 seconds in silence>SL:"" lets not""13/10 would get rocketed again."
76561198147091236,Recommended,393380,32702663,Posted: 23 June,all,CPLM4TT,Cod for people who hate codbattlefield for people who hate battlefield10/10 would run for 10 minutes trying to get back to squad after death again
76561198141316560,Recommended,393380,32448170,Posted: 15 June,all,TurboSkidz,Honestly the best game i've ever played
76561198171117318,Recommended,393380,21303116,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Iksuda_Qataya,Actual name: Long Hikes With Eight Other Dudes Simulator 2016.
,Recommended,393380,32261025,Posted: 7 June,all,Nyash,amaaaaazing!
,Recommended,393380,20674598,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,WattDigger,"Some 13 year old kid: ""ALLLLLLRIGHT SQUAD MOVE UP! GO! GO! GORest of our squad: "".....""Rest of our squad: *runs up a mountain behind the 13 year old kid*"
76561198012413313,Recommended,393380,20567158,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Philsonate,If you enjoy FPS's that strongly encourage teamwork I think you'll enjoy Squad.
76561198056593659,Recommended,393380,26563918,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Kuro,Best realistic fps since PR. Highly recommended to people that like arma and battlefield.
76561198101195455,Recommended,393380,20775150,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Handsome Jack,Great game 9/10 thats only because there is no D.M. rifle for the U.S. but other than that great amazing and any other synonim for awesome
,Recommended,393380,26548127,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,KiwwHi,Masterpiece. Game ain't for CoD/BF casuals. Git gud. Or die trying.
76561198010527744,Recommended,393380,25068223,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Yaffa,10/10
,Recommended,393380,23735824,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Mellisco,Great game that's only going to get better. Vehicles are coming soon and the gameplay is constantly improving.
76561197990438731,Recommended,393380,26548262,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,El Sicario,"Absolutely the best game for Squad based tactics with amazing firefights and tense situations, i'm a 20 year veteran of FPS's and this one scores highly for gameplay, microphone is recommended."
,Recommended,393380,24979173,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,AutoPhill,-Squad leader wants to flank around them-we were running for 10minutes with no seen action-i start singing we are mighty mighty tigers-whole squad joins in except the leader-Rpg hits us by suprise kills 3 of us-kicked from squad-was friednly fired on sight-10/10 would sing mighty mighty tigers again
76561198241553646,Recommended,393380,23976450,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Dustiticus Of The Mountain,AWESOME Ging to improve as well
,Recommended,393380,20759690,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,McHuntFace,Gripe: If you start playing with friends and decide to start team killing eachother you will get banned by the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ admins.  They think you are teamkilling other people and thus ban you.The Plus:The game is actually really fun and obviously very squad based.  The good thing is you don't have to know much about how a squad works people can help you.  The game can be fun.  I do recommend it.
,Recommended,393380,20575391,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,ARCH,"good game, buy it"
76561198012301619,Recommended,393380,31309769,Posted: 22 April,all,Norginn,"Death has Little ConsequenceNot for people who want realism in strategy but a game like Arma with battlefield mechanics--------Squad, as advertised is realistic in its ""communication"" and ""teamplay"" but not in very much else. If you have heard that it is the baby of Battlefield and Arma that is correct. But that is all it is planned to be. It has more team work in its servers than I have ever seen online but in terms of mechanics it leaves wanting in realism.The Respawn System:Devs say this system is good to stay: Mounted weapons are the only thing that kill you instantly and force you to respawn. There will be no high powered rifles that do that either currently or planned (meaning no snipers really). A rally point (temporary respawn point) can be dropped by the squad leader around every 100seconds and requires a squadmate to be within 8meters and no enemy within 50meters.  Medics raise everyone from the dead within seconds, literally 10seconds and then more to patch them back to full health. FOBs(Forward Operating Bases) are more permenant spawn points but can be dug up by the enemy. Other wise you must spawn at the main base if all of these options are destroyed by the enemy.Supporting the advancment of friendly ground units is the only viable strategy when it comes to killing an enemy force. In order to kill a squad the SL (Squad Leader) must not have dropped a rally point (respawn point) and the medics must die as soon as possible along with the SL.If you see an enemy squad moving a far distance off, it most better not to engage. It will make his team aware of your location and unless you are able to incapacitate his medics and their SL. Hoping they do not set a rally point down on their position, there is very little reason to attack them. Unless you were to immediately advance to their position.It is best in this game, when checking for enemies in buildings to split up and all go in to different ones. Once one of those people meet the enemy he will most likely become incapacitated but will relay to the rest of his squad how many enemies and what floor they are on. The rest of the squad then usually groups back up and secures the building. The medic revives the downed player and the game goes on. It saves time and there are little consequence to going alone in any case in search of information.Pros:1)Never have I seen so many servers full of people willing to work together to win the game. In fact if you do not have a mic they often kick people from the squad."
76561198104205052,Recommended,393380,26765281,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,...,The game is fun even if you are an AMD peasant getting 30 frames like myself
,Recommended,393380,31576308,Posted: 6 May,all,MR.FOX,Got on a server.Guy told me he is going to put a bomb on my head.ran into a group of 4 and killed them.10/10 would suicide bomb again.
,Recommended,393380,31048570,Posted: 9 April,all,Animal Mother,"the game looks cool, only problem is not enough open servers everything is full"
76561198288936279,Recommended,393380,25469985,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,DEWEY,GAme overloaded my gpu
,Recommended,393380,26539786,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,raikovich,Please devs dont let the noobs and haters discourage you with their negative reviews or make you change the core of the game.We want realism incarnate in Squad. Keep up the good work.+Best community ever.
,Recommended,393380,26551909,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,[2.FJg]Zheng-Sldt,The perfect blend of ArmA style realism and faster paced gameplay seen in more common shooters.
76561198235188980,Recommended,393380,26552929,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,nicknick,Fook Yer This game rocks!
76561198122945437,Recommended,393380,34888152,Posted: 11 September,all,CAPT LEVI,Best fps shooter ı have ever played.
,Recommended,393380,26543565,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,PureAwesomeness,"Absolutely amazing game. This is what you buy if you are looking for serious but fun, tactical and hardcore military game. The experience in this game is unlike any other I have played. But the game is riddled with bugs, the UI is simply broken and it continues to amaze me with every patch how they fail at such a straight forward task."
,Recommended,393380,33645033,Posted: 18 July,all,ElusiveTwo1,Fun times fun times
,Recommended,393380,28511749,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,panda.,If you have a good squad lead -> really good game
76561198030389559,Recommended,393380,28526903,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Die Man,"Game is 10/10Even though it is Alpha it is still great! The amount of socializing is incredible because the game is built around communication (mic is key for this game).There where alot of bugs at first, but they fixed them. They are constantly adding new features and fixing bugs. Good devs. Good game. Different expereince then your tipical♥♥♥♥♥♥COD. Good community. This game needs to keep going. Great stuff happening here. Buy it!"
76561198289828387,Recommended,393380,26528129,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,AviatorAlex,"Its Awesome, Wish I had it forever"
,Recommended,393380,26528040,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Deep Lean,Got into one of 3 australian servers. Played for 10 minutes placing rally points and destroying my ear drums.2 real 4 me10 / 10
76561198122630489,Recommended,393380,22801047,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Noom,Realistic infantry simulator game with a mature public
,Recommended,393380,21491929,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Hythal,Afghanistan Simulator 2016
76561197970760098,Recommended,393380,33757931,Posted: 23 July,all,Punished Hoss,"Squad is one of the few games where it is a true ""Early Access"" game.And not in a bad sense. In it's current state it is a fully playable and extremely fun game.The devs are obviously very committed to fostering a community for this game and are very active in updating it's players on what they are doing and what to expect. The also communicate with thier fans via reddit.The game has some issues with performance. You'll need a decent rig to play it on anything but the lowest settings but the game generates a warzone atmosphere like no other I've played.If you want to play this game make sure you have a mic and some patience. It is one of those games that build up to those amazing, memorable moments in heated firefights or fighting floor to floor to clear out an apartment block.If you think you would enjoy this type of game but the ""Early Access"" is offputting, don't let it be. There is enough content here to qualify a full release but the devs want to continue adding content for a long time to come."
76561198105953507,Recommended,393380,25597583,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,noodle,"this may not be fininished, but it is shaping up to be a great game and i highly recomend this purchace."
76561198138099651,Recommended,393380,31339886,Posted: 24 April,all,Frenchhotwheeler,This game has been fun I've put a lot of time into it and mostly I find good teamwork to be a part of winning
76561198008892522,Recommended,393380,33800184,Posted: 25 July,all,SeaHam,1. Lots of players2. Active devs3. Huge maps4. Great community
,Recommended,393380,26550786,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,sbrandin14,"fun game, their is a learning curve but once you get it it is really fun"
,Recommended,393380,26561697,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Beardedcap,"As much as I love Arma, this is much more focused. The majority of people will actually communicate and work as a team. The playerbase is great. It's the closest thing we'll probably ever have to a modern ghost recon, but better."
76561198290816424,Recommended,393380,33167705,Posted: 2 July,all,Ickarus,"I love this game, however, the recent summer sale has ruined the gameplay as now there's nothing but a bunch of crayon eating, window licking inbreds that are playing."
76561198283441989,Recommended,393380,31169064,Posted: 15 April,all,Ice Poseidon,Best millitary Based game better then Arma good leadership make's you feel like you are in real combat if this game keep's going the way it doe's it will be best game yeat to millitary game's
76561198037609938,Recommended,393380,32651299,Posted: 22 June,all,lit.,C A N  Y O U  P U T  A  R A L L Y  D O W N  ?
76561198049470294,Recommended,393380,24975757,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Stefan,It is not the epic firefights or the amazing sounds that make this game intense.. It's the moment when you see the Fatal error while you are back at your desktop 10/10 immersive crashing
,Recommended,393380,20777755,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,GimmyJibs,"*Update*Very good game, a great succesor to PR. The reason the price tag is high is becuase this is a milsim game meant for more hardcore players, if you buy this and go into it trolling don't be surprised when you get banned and you just wasted money.Game could be better optimized thats for certain, but this is at alpha 3.1 so hopefully it runs better when it's complete.As of march 9 2016, the game has been updated since and great updates were made. New scopes for all forces besides US, new smoke grenade effects and slightly better optimized imo and more.Ps I've heard but idk for sure, that this game runs better for Nvidia users.Edit *2016-08-20* They added Vehicles! just trucks, hummves and btrs atm though but still changes the game in so many ways now!"
,Recommended,393380,31482618,Posted: 1 May,all,fuck,WHEN COMPARED TO PROJECT REALITY:220% THE GRAPHICS240% THE ENGINE30% THE MAP SIZE10% THE CONTENT0.000000000002% THE INTELLIGENT COMMUNITY2 OCTILLION % THE FUN
,Recommended,393380,31486665,Posted: 1 May,all,The Drift King,209% better than Arma.
,Recommended,393380,20766961,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,[ULD]Bravo Charlie,"This is a fantastic game.  When the Squad comes together it's an experience like no other.  When everyone rocks out on a rooftop to someones local radio as the sun sets, then we get massacred from all directions, it's an experience like no other.  This is an Alpha?  Oh yeah..  anyway.  It's sensational and punishingly hard if you don't pull together and work like a team.  If you do it can be like a knife through butter.  If not, well.. you're f*****."
,Recommended,393380,33046854,Posted: 30 June,all,Killer22AB,If you die in Squad.. You die in real life.
76561198196289842,Recommended,393380,32603098,Posted: 20 June,all,KingKirby,Only just got it and it looks amazing
,Recommended,393380,31819478,Posted: 18 May,all,José Martinez,gud gaem
76561198390781920,Recommended,393380,32956373,Posted: 28 June,all,ZElite | Fox[TR],Pros+Very good graphics+Needs teamwork+Noob friendly+Good community+Realistic Ammo Counter+You can kill people with 2 shots like in real life+No hackers+No annoying kidsCons-Recoil is bit too high-Sniper is op-Squad leaders only can claim vehicleThis is it
76561198060648879,Recommended,393380,33104003,Posted: 1 July,all,hayseddy,Coming from ARMA 3 this is a really good fps its more fast paced than arma 3 but not too fast that it feels like insurgency overall i know i have very little game time hardly any time at all but god damn i just gotta tell every one that this game is the pinnical of fps ok ok its not up to par with ARMA but god damn does it feel good 100% worth yo money and pls ppl no COD fan boy ♥♥♥♥♥♥s or if you make the switch go get rid of yo cod even battlefield this is WAR this is COMBAT this is not shooting some one 170000 times and then they kill you no this is SQUAD i suggest to get this game before ARMA 3 cuz ARMA 3 is a platform for creativity while SQUAD is a Mil Sim  mean base building in a FPS tactical mil sim ♥♥♥♥ YES can not wait for TANKS AND HELI and pls devs ad CAS we need CAS (Close Air Support) And maybe even more factions would not mind playing as Chinese the possibility is here and from what i heard the devs are amaz balls so pls pick it up and if its on sale you be stupid if you dont get it.
76561198062877463,Recommended,393380,31409024,Posted: 27 April,all,kart,นอกเหนือจากระบบเกมที่คนอื่นเขาพูดถึงกันไปหมดแล้วเรื่องความสมจริงที่เกมอื่นเขาไม่ค่อยจะมีกันนั่นคือ Animated ท่าทางของตัวละครต่างๆ ด้านอาวุธที่ผู้พัฒนาใส่ใจมาตั้งแต่ยังเป็น Project Reality ไม่ว่าจะเป็นการ Reload กระสุนของอาวุธต่างๆ ที่ถอดมาจากของจริงเปี๊ยบ ที่ไม่ใช่แค่ในหน้า 1st View เท่านั้น แต่ยังละเอียดไปถึงมุมมอง 3rd View (มุมมองที่เรามองผู้เล่นคนอื่น) ก็ทำได้อย่างละเอียดเช่นกันอาทิการ Reload ปืน HMG อย่าง m2 หรือแม้แต่ SPG ที่เราจะได้เห็นตัวละครค่อยๆ ละเมียดละไมในการบรรจุลูกกระสุน แม้กระทั่งการเคลือนไหวของลูกเลื่อนปืนทุกชนิด ก็ตั้งใจทำเช่นกัน
,Recommended,393380,21499574,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,T5 Vonk [29th ID],"Very community based game, on first sight I had my doubts about the possibility of a wave of trollers, I am pleased to notify you that this is not the case. I have met a lot of cool and serious people on this game, it is very tactical and if you like the whole rush-in-a-building-and-blow-it-up kind of thing, this game would not be for you."
76561197999466014,Recommended,393380,31140125,Posted: 14 April,all,katj,PTSD simulator
,Recommended,393380,32008529,Posted: 27 May,all,FlatFaceNinjaCatFruityAfro,Allahu Akbar Simulator9/11
76561198072130572,Recommended,393380,20805021,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,RedWolf,I love it.
76561198077814690,Recommended,393380,28543299,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Seyfo03,"I love the game, but this game really needs weapon customization. The maps are way to big for the weapons we get with no scopes. And we need long range sniping to. Explosions and fires could be more realistic. TY"
,Not Recommended,393380,20753004,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Inferno А,"Current state of game is not worth playing, there are other games on steam that are alot less glitchy, less buggy and have more value, with better graphics, better physics, and a solide modding system with thousands of mods for realism and anything you can imagine. GAMES  LIKE ARMA 3!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,393380,31073608,Posted: 11 April,all,SirAnabolic,"Afer playing a few matches i can say that SQUAD is very realistic and even better than battlefield and cod . Yes those games have helicopters and such but squad requires communication and team work . I go on bf4 and no one is talking everyone is alone. In squad you have to stick together and fight enemie forces . Make little bases and turrents and sometims defend.Guns: There isnt much gun customization but more like picking a class . Marksman , Riflemen , Gernader , Automatic machine gunner , Medic , Squad leader.The squad leader gives out commands and u build stuff for him or listen to his directions.There are many maps to play on and a big player base and for 20 bucks on sale or even 40 its a bargan. They constantly update the game too!"
,Recommended,393380,26957300,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Warfarematt,"Great game, one of the better military simulation games I've played, and beats Arma 3 out of the park in my opinion. Although I would enjoy single player mission(s) to help compete against Arma 3 and mod support."
,Recommended,393380,26564198,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Waveharp,"Love this game! Encourages teamwork and tactical play. A little easier to dive into than Arma, but not as arcadey as Battlefield. I can't quit!"
76561197977833556,Recommended,393380,25001674,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,WilBer,Got PTSD playing this 11/10
76561198057850085,Recommended,393380,31016409,Posted: 8 April,all,ICEMAN,"Good game, get it if you want realistic shoother."
76561198143088060,Recommended,393380,31047671,Posted: 9 April,all,『 Nuro 』,it is love it is life
76561198153783601,Recommended,393380,32247425,Posted: 7 June,all,GOOSE,"This game is amazing. Easily the best FPS I've ever played. It definitely isn't for everyone but if you like realistic combat and games that require strategy it's worth it. However, be warned.. you're not guaranteed to have a good time in this game everytime you play. I've had nights where I've accomplished nothing but see the spawn screen over and over again. With that being said, when this game goes right it goes so so right. No other game can compare to the feeling of doing well in Squad because you really have to earn it."
,Recommended,393380,25770428,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Welkon,Someone get on that 50!
76561198158132348,Recommended,393380,31504474,Posted: 2 May,all,The Muffin Man,dis game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥boiz
76561198012332648,Recommended,393380,27464835,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jrod_Koola,"""I can't use my microphone, my mother is in the room.""~ Squad Leader"
,Recommended,393380,20808916,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,$carecrow,"10 secs in and ""ALLAHU AKBAR"" *explosion* whole team dies10/10 would die for Allah again"
76561198040504871,Recommended,393380,34860779,Posted: 10 September,all,Umevevwewe Ossas,"If you are into military tactical♥♥♥♥♥♥but don't want to be in the military, this is the stuff."
,Recommended,393380,31707038,Posted: 12 May,all,xz707,SQUAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAD
76561197981281903,Recommended,393380,31750619,Posted: 14 May,all,Cheddar Cheese,"Wonderful game,teamwork is key!! its not a game for CS kiddos"
,Not Recommended,393380,23992804,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Moon Moon,Very bad optimization problems i can get 60fps on GTA5 but on this game i can't get above 30.This game is not worth 40$ right now but in future i can see this game racing with Arma3.
,Recommended,393380,20733810,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Darjeeling,10/10- Bob The Builder
,Recommended,393380,20534524,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Vaelant,"A gritty fps that favors teamplay and strategy over individualism. Maps are well versed and the developers are actively workings toward bug fixes and additional features.PROS:• Easy to pick up hard to master. (Most controls will feel familiar)• Fantastic in game VOIP (Distance and location effect quality, squad chat is essential)• Gunplay rewards patience. (Spraying will likely get you killed)• Engaging experience (Find a good squad, stick around and help out. You'll have a good time if you're willing to learn.)NEUTRAL:• Alpha state- it is buggy and it isn't as optimized as it could be.• General grievances (No spawning on previously captured points, no hit indication, etc)• Passionate community (Some people will call you an idiot, others will step you through the game.)CONS:• Obstacle blocking (Cannot scale fences, cannot vault small obstacles, Jump height is nonsense)• ""Walking Simulator"" (Current state has large maps with no vehicles, spawning is subjected to your squad leader- if it goes, expect to walk again.)Overall, this game is worth the money I've put down on it. If you're not used games that lean on the realistic side- stick with your squad and pay attention to what's going on. You'll die alot, however, you'll have a good time learning."
76561198077161436,Recommended,393380,20545732,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Woodstock,"Yes, it's Alpha. Yes, it looks a little dated. YES- it's really satisfying Milsim play, totally immersive at times, and just maybe the most demanding Team-based FPS I've played. I'm hooked. Don't let the first couple of hours frustrate you."
76561197981426204,Recommended,393380,20840139,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Linkage,Top game
,Recommended,393380,21192808,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,hi,Fun game super realistic but could use more snipers and vehicles.
76561198086729329,Recommended,393380,21226025,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,AGoodPenisJoke,"I love the gameplay, the teamwork and maps, weapons etc, the only problem is its very well optimized for AMD users. But I am positive that they with change this later"
,Recommended,393380,21241586,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Will,This game gave me PTSD
,Recommended,393380,21326763,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Tk-210 (Paul),i like
76561197980426955,Recommended,393380,21346052,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,=7Cav=SPC.Gargo.M,10/10
,Recommended,393380,21347820,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,=NFX=Vitblitz,"If you a BF player, think PR, squad up 10/10"
,Recommended,393380,26575726,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,MurrDogg U^ｪ^U,"Not COD or Battlefield. Take your time, communicate and learn the game. Overall I love this game :)"
,Recommended,393380,26576193,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,spoons,this game may not be for everyone but thoes of us that enjoy great teamwork and the feeling of acomplishment when you win a hardfought game this is the game for you. I highly recomed this game if its somthing you think you will like. it might be in alpha but its very solid for what it does have.
,Recommended,393380,26586462,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Cereal3,"This will be a fairly lengthy review but I feel it's very fair.So I've played a fair amount of squad now and a huge amount (1000hrs+) of the mod it is based on (Project Reality for Battlefield 2) and I think I have a good grasp of the game. This is a game which is certainly not for everyone and if you are coming from a call of duty/battlefield background then the game will be quite different. The game is very much based on your team mates and the ability to communicate. If you do not have a working microphone then don't even bother with the game. A microphone is 100% necessary to play the game at all well and if you do not use one then you will be at a huge disadvantage and likely not enjoy the game much at all. It also requires the willingness to communicate. If you do not wish to communicate with your squadmates then it can be the most boring game you will have ever played. If you do communicate with your squadmates then it can be one of the best and most intense FPS experiences, even more so if you have a squad with friends in.The maps are large, some being a kilometer wide with others being many kilometers wide. Both teams will be given a number of vehicles to traverse the map if they do not wish to go on foot. I'm not kidding when I say that walking all the way across a larger map will take nearly half an hour and I feel like this is why a lot of the free weekend reviews are complaining about the game being walking simulator 2016. If played correctly, walking is never that bad and I will explain why.There are two gamemodes - AAS - which stands for Advance and Secure, or Insurgency.The aim of advance and secure is to capture the flags on the map in either a linear or multiple route, so for example you might be capturing a pair of flags on the map before you can attack the next one or might simply be taking a direct route one flag at a time. This also means that you will have a flag to attack and a flag to defend at all times. This keeps the action focused as both teams are unable to attack or defend any other flag than the ones marked. Capturing flags reduces the enemy team reinforcement tickets (lives) and when they reach 0 your side wins the game. You can also reduce these tickets greatly by destroying enemy vehicles and bases (which I will get to later).Insurgency is the other gamemode and is less played, but still fun. One team plays the insurgents while the other team  has to find and destroy the insurgent weapon caches on the map. The exact location of the caches is unknown to the american side, instead they are given a rough idea of where the caches may be. Insurgents have unlimited lives and must stop the caches being destroyed. Americans have limited lives and time and must destroy the caches before they run out. This mode is more of an asymmetric warfare style, with more vehicles given to the american side. Insurgents also do not have a ""main base"" like an opposing team would on AAS and can spawn in a variety of locations.Now down to base building and squadplay.When you join a match you can join or create a squad with a maximum of 9 people in it. The creator of the squad is the squad leader. You can also transfer this leadership to other members in the squad if you desire. The squad leader gets certain extra abilities; the ability to mark enemies and set markers on the map for your squad to attack or defend, the ability to play down a temporary spawnpoint (rally point) if he has another squadmember near him, and the ability to construct more permanent spawnpoints and base defenses.The other members in the squad fulfil other specific roles in the game, including anti-tank, marksman (sniper), light machine gunner, medic, grenadier. There are limitations on these kits, so a team can't have 8 anti tank soldiers in a squad, or a squad of 8 snipers, to make the game balanced and less frustrating.The more permanent bases (FOBs) in squad are set up by squad leaders when they have 4 squadmates near them. These bases, unlike the temporary rally points, have unlimited spawns and anyone on the team can spawn on them. They do however take a few minutes before you can begin spawning on them, unlike the instant rally point. Once one of these FOBs is placed you have the ability to construct defenses around it, such as sandbags and machine gun emplacements, to help hold it. Trucks can be used to ferry resources from the main base to allow more defense construction. A significant part of the game is finding and destroying the enemies FOBs to prevent them having a spawn close to the objective.These gameplay elements are part of both the Insurgency and AAS modes.Now to the actual gameplay and shooting.The fights between you and enemy squads can be across hundreds of metres or less than one metre, so combat is very varied. Recoil is a lot more heavy than other shooters and you can't expect to spray someone down from miles away. There is no gun customisation and you should expect that there will never be, the variety in the kits you spawn with is the only way to change your weapon. If you take damage you will begin bleeding and need to bandage yourself or find a medic to bandage you. Once you are bandaged you need to find a medic to regain full health but you will not bleed out. If you die you will be revivable on the floor if any allied medics are nearby. This is a fairly key part of the game as if you choose to respawn you will use a ticket (life) from your teams pool, whereas being revived will not remove a ticket.To communicate with your teammates the game has an inbuilt VOIP solution, you can use the VOIP to talk to all members in your squad over the radio, regardless of location and you can also talk locally, so that your voice comes out of your character directionally and can be heard by all nearby teammates, great for close quarter fighting. Squad leaders also have the third option of the squad leader radio, which allows the squad leaders to coordinate with each other.Enemies are not automatically revealed on the minimap. There are no hitmarkers, kill numbers or notifications on the scoreboard, the only way to see if your enemy died is to see the body fall. Ammo is only shown in magazines remaining, so you have to be wary. This is very much a hardcore game compared to battlefield, if you want something in between, I would recommend insurgency.The graphics in this game have huge potential as the game is based on the Unreal 4 engine, but as it is still in development there are some elements which look great and some which look lackluster, however each patch the game improves in some aspect, the latest patch being a fairly huge overhaul of the lighting for most maps, and the game still looks good, just bear in mind this is very much a work in progress. The sound in this game is amazing. The explosions and bullets zipping over your head are very realistic and guns which should sound loud are certainly deafening.This is probably the most important part of the review if you are considering this game. There IS a learning curve and most people who already know how to play or squadlead will be happy to help new players learn. If you are a new player who joins a squad without a mic, takes sniper and plays lone wolf on the other side of the map then people will hate you. Communication is vital and you will not enjoy the game if you don't. Most people that do this will be listing the game as a boring walking simulator, when in reality it's probably how you approached the game that turned you off it, played correctly walking is a far smaller part of the game. If you persist through a confusing few hours of noob gameplay, with a good leader you will learn fast and enjoy the game so much more, with the potential to have the most intense and fun fights in any FPS.The game still has a few bugs and quirks but for an early access game it's incredible at times and can only get better"
,Recommended,393380,26587545,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Hessmix,"Update to review:I am now the proud owner of this fine game and am still enjoying it immensely. I can't wait to see what the future has in store.---The game is excellent, especially for an Alpha. Yes there are bugs and things here and there that need to be fixed but the Devs are very responsive to the community and they've built a great game so far. If you like teamwork based games you'll like this. The community is, from my experience, extremely helpful and knowledgeable. Majority of the Squad Leaders know their stuff.If you aren't ready to be part of a team then this game probably isn't for you. Those of you who are experienced in commanding small groups while working on the bigger picture this game is right up your alley. Those of you who, like me, prefer to be a cog in the machine and actually enjoy following orders in these types of games, please pick this up. This game is worth your time and money.Sound quality is great! And effects like explosions are well done! My one criticism right now is that vehicle physics can be a bit wonky at times. Vehicle play is still very enjoyable, especially as a gunner on a Humvee.Full disclosure: Played this over Free Weekend. The moment I can get the money together for this I'm buying it."
,Recommended,393380,26592154,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Pokernik,"Every single realistic, fps, War SIM is literally a rip off of ARMA.Thats what i get from the reviews.Have fun with your cinematic 20+ fps in arma homie"
,Recommended,393380,26592447,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Leon,"Even in my first 6hrs, Squad provided me with some of the best gaming moments I have ever experienced.The vast majority of players I met were nice, helpful and willing to cut me some slack while I learnt how to play and the controls / gameplay felt intuitive.These are by no means perfect comparisons but it feels a bit like:-Arma without the tedium-Insurgency with teamworkTL;DR: Great game, thoroughly enjoyed it and I can't wait to play more."
,Recommended,393380,26592520,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,iEliTe,"This is an excellent realism style combat simulator, the recent negative reviews are most likely people who picked it up during the free weekend and didn't understand the genre of game.Since the V7 patch, this game has really turned into one of my favorite games, I enjoy and look foward to every update.I 100% reccomend this game."
,Recommended,393380,26592838,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Aggressive Sloth,Incredible game when you play with the right people
76561198080105114,Recommended,393380,26593339,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Nick Bryan,i loved the game it was amazing
,Recommended,393380,26597644,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,ClickerHappy,"Awesome game, requires teamwork and playing the objective. No lonewolfing or going on massive kill streaks. Each single kill is an exhilarating experience. Whether its taking down the vehicles with your RPG or using your shovel to build barricads and walls, everything you do is to help out your team in strenghtening your defence and provide support on offence. Its beautiful graphics and an nice balance between arcade and realism gameplay will keep you occupied for hundreds of hours at least. Highly recommended for people whose objective is to play as a team."
,Recommended,393380,26602060,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,= RAD1C4L =,"A game that originally begun as a multiplayer mod for a great game that was released back in 2005 called Battlefield 2, but a team of modders saw the opportunity to even go futher, to enhance the great gameplay of DICE's Battlefield title which changed the whole gameplay mechanism, expanded that teamwork experience to give Battlefield 2 vets a more truer authentic tactical gameplay experience which requires all players to do their role in doing different objectives to win the battle.After so many years, these modders that put so much work into their beloved mod project (Project Reality) wanting a chance to go full retail and seeing as no triple AAA studios not doing proper tactical games, releasing casual FPS garbage games, especially games that get released without the proper mod tools support due to greed, money and all that crappy DLC that big companies do nowadays, we have finally have gotten into our hands; Squad, which promises to fullfil that void which we all should give big props to this dev team that even after their kickstarter campaing and entering Steam Early Access and still is in Early Acess, the team has non stop releasing updates for the game which keeps improving the game more and more and hopefully it exits early access with a successful full retail release and I'm sure the dev team will give this game great after release support and free DLC in years to come."
,Recommended,393380,26609525,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,"Bean, Young",best fps i've played in years
,Recommended,393380,26616056,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Original Punkcln,"If you are hesitating to buy this game or not, read this-----Here's my list of what to expect or experience in Squad-Slow-paced gameplay-People shoot each other from far distances-Run 'n Gun is not a good idea-No health regeneration-No minimap on hud-No kill feed-A person can die from 2-3 bullets-Vehicles are important! Don't use them as taxis!-Communication is key-Going solo will not give you any advantage-Fighting as a team will increase the chance of your survival-There are many other things that you have to do besides shooting to help your team win-Normally, a lot of gunfights take place in the open fields, but close quarters combat can occur as well-Sexy first-person view animations-Both serious gamers and the ones who aren't really-Buildable fortifications, such as sandbags-------Overall, Squad is Arma 3 multiplayer with less complicating stuffs, combined with a zone-control mode like Battlefield and a simple, yet very effective, radio system."
,Recommended,393380,26616422,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Trouble,"Alright, so I got this game during the free-weekend when it was half off. Let me just say, it was a great deal.This game REQUIRES communication, so don't buy this game if you're either shy or poor. (Sorry.)The maps are big, and your squad may be given orders to fortify an objective, which includes building sandbag barriers, hescos, barbed wire and mounted machine guns (and more, or your money back!)This game is still a work in progress, I mean, the graphics are great and the game runs incredibly well, but things like physics and very minor gameplay bugs should be sorted out soon.You can often hear your wounded enemies screaming for medics on the local voice chat, meaning you can also communicate to them in this way, ""Nobody will help you!"" my friend said to a wounded US soldier after he was shot at close range by automatic rifles. ""All of your friends are dead!""This concludes my review of Squad. (Ssssssquaaaaaaaaadddd!)(Holy jesus, I can't recommend this game enough. If you have a mic, and you're cool, buy this... you need it!)"
76561198111964448,Recommended,393380,26624609,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,☁Aaron J CX☁,Triggered a vietnam flashback10/10
76561198051745997,Recommended,393380,26625274,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,bs22,This is a good game and its not even finished yet with new updates still to come its a mix between arma and battlefield there is minimal hud like arma and relativly simple controles like battlefield
,Recommended,393380,26666774,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,nectricks,"I've played Squad only a few times, but I do love it already, specially for an Alpha-state game.I prefer realism over almost anything else, and Squad provides a pretty good feeling yet having simple controls, unlike ArmA 3. Squad developers got rid of unnecessary (rarely used) firing stances and controls to provide a better/faster pace, which's the core of a FPS game. Despite having vehicles, the matches are not overflown by MBTs and aircrafts destroying every infantry around. And that's what I like the most! Vehicles: yes, they're there, but they're simple and just PART of the game, which's infantry-based! :)The atmosphere is amazing when you're playing with a good squad. Some people say you'll seldom find mature squads, but most of my playing time was with well-oriented players who became good Steam friends of mine.I waited for the free weekend to check if my PC* could run it properly, as it's old and I have an AMD platform.My first time playing sucked, with as low as 27 fps on minimum settings (@ 1366x768), but day #2 was amazing. So I believe it was either a server issue or due to the update which happened on November 12th, for I've been able to play smooth at 47 fps on some servers. Some days ago I played at 27 fps and it ran really fine; go figure...So, yea... I do recommend it and I'm pretty sure I'll enjoy it for a long time.*For the record, my PC is an old AMD X6 1100t + GTX 560 Ti + 8 GB 1333 MHz."
,Recommended,393380,26684160,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,NeatWang,"i felt like i was actually coordinating a real squad and when we took a hill and saved the team, best accomplishment in a video game."
76561198111298094,Recommended,393380,26685470,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,AceWolf1,"great game it is a need to buy if you enjoy military games,teamplay, and a whole lot of action."
76561197991936820,Recommended,393380,26721543,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Crisby,Community
,Recommended,393380,23383054,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Kitty,Got teamkilled and teabagged. 10/10
,Recommended,393380,23589147,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,ABBI NOLOVE,This game is slowly and surely getting to that 10/10 level. Love how the DEV's listen to the  active players and always updating the game with big moves. Excited to see what's in store for the future. BUY if you are okay with this and knowing it is still in ALPHA.
,Recommended,393380,23680746,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,JAB.exe,"Fantastic game excited to see where it goes,"
,Recommended,393380,23682494,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,klusps,"The first thing I have to say is that I'm a proud and happy contributor to this Early Access Game. Compare to other early access games, the developers are super active in their forums and Reddit. Every month they release an update and provide information about their progress.Before purchasing this early access game, I strongly advise people to research a Battlefield 2 mod called Project Reality because this game mostly based on that mod. In fact, most of the developers who developed the Project Reality mod is working on Squad.When people think of military simulator, they think of overly complex controls and lots of waiting before combat. I don't blame people for comparing Squad to Arma at first glance, but in reality, the game plays nothing like Arma. There are some downtime and waiting in between engagements, but they're in the short burst. The developers mentioned numerous time that they won't sacrifice gameplay over realism, so don't go in expecting a simulator.Although the game might not be 100% ultra-realistic, that doesn't mean the gunplay and atmosphere don't feel authentic. The firefight engagements are super intense in this game. One moment you're just chatting with your squad while walking to the next objective, the next, you're on the ground with bullets blazing everywhere. It is adrenaline pumping, and I've never felt anything like it since my early days in Dayz. In Squad, multiply that feeling by 10. Every enemy encounter feels fresh and new. Its gunplay is all about flanking, positioning, and situational awareness.This game, for the most part, is easier to learn and have less complex controls compared to Arma. If you play any military shooters for the past decade like Battlefield or Call of Duty, then you'll feel right at home. There's no navigation through scroll menus and a million keys to remember. The interface is easier to understand compare to games like Arma. The simple controls, however, doesn't exclude the fact that this game has a deeper learning curve than your average shooter. Although it is not as deep as Arma, you won't master and know everything in your first match unless you've done research on the game prior to playing.The game also puts a huge emphasis on communication. If you're shy on the mic, I can almost guarantee you, if you're not talking to your teammates, your teammates will most likely be talking to you. Teamwork and sticking with your squad is a must in this game. If you're thinking of going lone wolf and Rambo, you won't have a good time. I mean you can try to do that in the game, but the game makes it really hard for you to enjoy it.Now for the bad news. As of right now 06/21/2016, the game is unoptimized for AMD CPU. The developers said this is because of the Unreal 4 engine and sound optimizations. My rig is a GTX770 with FX8350 playing at 1080p. Right now I get around 30-40fps, and the frame rate drops to the high to mid-20s depending on the player count. This, of course, isn't only exclusive to AMD builds. There have also been reports of people with i5 or i7 getting low frames. The game is still enjoyable and playable, but I hope in future updates the game will be more stable."
,Recommended,393380,23718421,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,s0ulzi,>Start in Russian Team>Spawning with RP Russian Squad>Shouting Russian Hymn with comrades>Being Assaulted by ♥♥♥♥ing Militians Veterans Soldiers>Screaming :♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ IDI NAHUI>Seeing a friend get shot>Listen your friend who told you to keep is family safe>And cry for him100/100
76561197996808702,Recommended,393380,23810497,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Kojax,"Fantastic game. It's worth even more than $45, and it's Canadian."
,Recommended,393380,23821764,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Street,"Decent Realistic tactical shooter, at the time of this review it is still in alpha but game already feels semi complete"
76561198009244737,Recommended,393380,23864139,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Posternutbag_C137,"I applaud the developers for creating such a satisfying game and the community for making that game a satisfying experience!Not only were several people ready and willing to help me out as a new player, but they were willing to do it with enthusiasm. I played a lot of ArmA 3, Insurgency, and Red Orchestra/Rising Storm and Squad has been the most fun of all despite being in early access. Kudos to all of you for making that possible!As a side note, I was worried my i5 2500k and GTX 670 were going to have a lot of trouble handling the game, but it's running smoothly on medium settings! That's good enough for me until I upgrade my rig."
,Recommended,393380,23881657,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Burnzoire,"Alpha 6 is such a fantastic infantry team shooter. Its gameplay reminds me of America's army but with more of a focus on squad communication and teamwork. The maps are also bigger: more on the scale of Battlefield, and will have vehicles as early as the next version (Alpha 7). It's part mil-sim and part competitive shooter with a dash of strategic fortification building for good measure. A hell of a lot of fun! The community as a whole is what really makes this game enjoyable, so if you buy this expecting to be a lone wolf you won't have a good time. Grab a headset and get immersed in some of the most intense combat scenarios you'll get on a PC."
76561197972400337,Recommended,393380,23944018,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,nosedragon,"It is my favorite multiplayer first person shooter, and its still in Alpha.As it is right now, if the game was a finished product, I would think it was worth the money. The fact that it only has about 25% of the planned features makes it even better. The devs are very involved and will answer any question posted on reddit, even if its the same question asked over and over and over.This is a tactical shooter, so communication is key. Do you suck at aiming and struggle in other shooters? This might be for you, as you are way more useful to your team by communicating than you are by running and gunning.The game has a few problems associated with being alpha. Sometimes, the first 5 minutes of a match can be nothing but walking, however this should change when vehicles are introduced next month. The other problem is they don't have an animation yet for climbing walls, but this is just a minor annoyance. The rest of the problems are similar, just a few small things that could be made better (and will) but this is expected of an alpha game.That said, the firefights in this game are the most intense of any I have played, and when your 9 man squad all opens fire at the same time from behind an enemy squad, there ain't nothing better."
76561198275899330,Recommended,393380,24031371,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,StarBricks,"when a game can transform simple (and usually boring) things into adrenaline rush and amazing time ... well it is a must buy! If you are looking for an super realistic game, a slow peace but intense FPS, amazing landscape and a community that is as every gaming community should be (the newbie are respected, with veterans taking care about them teaching them and guiding them)... SQUAD IS THE GAME! And remeber, there is no other Alpha out there that can give you such and amazing time!9/10!"
76561198149529104,Recommended,393380,24072412,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Korvatz (shanK),Played this game for only 2 hours so far:Joined gameJoined Alpha SquadMet friendly squad and squad leaderWon first game with amazing squadplay and great teammatesNext gameFought Russians as Czechnian rebelsFought our way across the riverCoordinated an attack with 2 other squadsCaptured a townWhole squad threw flares everywhere and shot all of our guns in the air in celebrationDidn't realize the enemy was still out thereDid realize we had no ammo and it was too late to build ammo boxEntire squad slaughtered by evil RussiansStill won matchAll in 2 hoursThis game will increasingly become better with each updateHighly recommended
76561198118497470,Recommended,393380,24085312,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,ϟϟFredrickϟϟZoller☪ 天皇,I recommend. (Unless you dont own a mic or dont know how to teamwork)
76561198279441371,Recommended,393380,24096561,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Heinrich Himmler,"It's a great game, do not get me wrong. But, with the influence of vehicle warfare yet to come; there seems to be a massive void of what the game could potentially have."
,Recommended,393380,24174526,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,spacE,"Even in it's alpha stage, Squad is a load of fun. It's been one of my favorite shooters since I decided to buy it.Teams and maps are huge, but the games are still heavily teamwork based. Games can't be won by lone wolfing it. The community can be extremely friendly and helpful to new players who need help getting up to speed.The dev team is great and is extremely community oriented. They've been doing an amazing job of keeping the community up to date on what's being worked on.I would definitely recommend this game for people who enjoy milsims and for people who cherish strategic team-based gameplay. This game can be slow-paced by nature and does'nt work quite as well for those who want to quickly jump into the fight."
,Recommended,393380,24185840,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Neon2K,Love the fact that you cannot see if you killed the enemy or not. Looking forward to having vehicles in the game.
,Recommended,393380,24224260,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,June,buy it now.
76561198268591759,Recommended,393380,24263446,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,somniculto,"This was an intimidating game for me to start playing. My only online FPS experience is with CS 1.6 and I knew this would be different in a major way. What shocked me was not how fun this game is, but how inviting its community is. People are nearly always patient in helping new players and its not hugely competitive on a personal level. When the teamwork really kicks in and people are communicating and having fun, this game is really special. I feel the pressure of winning, but it's more than that. It is the pressure of helping your team achieve victory. That drive gives this game a unique quality that makes it fun to work together, and makes whiny ""super-stardom"" unpopular and almost nonexistent.Of course this game has bugs. But to be in the stage that it is, it does a phenomenal job of running smoothly and being a down right fun game to play. I look forward to seeing where this goes, and I highly recomend that anyone interested in a game with the qualities I've described support Squad. Its community is unlike any other I've personally been a part of and welcomes new players with open arms to fill the many empty servers."
76561198075148624,Recommended,393380,24293762,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Fraze,Very good game and still more to come.Best tactical shooter out at this moment in time
,Recommended,393380,24320331,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Manu the Medic,PTSD simulator 2016
76561198107249329,Recommended,393380,28477922,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,JCS ^_^,so immersive i got PTSD
76561198127306405,Recommended,393380,28683639,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,☮ Beachy ☮│Henry│,You WILL receive PTSD.
,Recommended,393380,28690954,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Captain Jolt,"I NEVER write reviews but this game deserves one. Are you sick of ARMA and it's long drawn out annoying ops where the squads don't talk or work together at all unless you are in a realsim group? Are you sick of Dayz KOS ♥♥♥♥ just killing everyone and not making a very rewarding game? Are you looking for a realistic shooter that can almost give you PTSD! THEN PLAY SQUAD SON! SERIOUSLY this game is so much fun, the community is so positive, they work together and work hard but are laid back enough that you aren't getting Sargent Keyboard yelling to stop having fun. The players know it's sim and act like it, but know it's a game and have fun with it. Seriously squad is such a breath of fresh air. So there are so many positives but let me get some negatives in. The game just kinda throws you in with little...well no tutorial unless you go to the gun range. If you are coming from COD you will baby rage and cry because this isn't your stupid game. Battle field friends will find it familiar but with a very VERY realistic feel and team work they don't remember sense Battle Field Bad Company 2. Another negative is if you have a terrible squad leader then you may not have fun for that match but you can always leave and join a different squad. Another down side is if you get lugged with a lot of new players on your team be prepaired to play medic and just rack up points. But the community is really nice to new people and really help them out.  Now for more positives, longer matches go on for about an hour, but that hour flys by, especially with a great team. The guns feel real and all the sounds of the weapons to vehicles to explosions are just an ♥♥♥♥♥♥ of amazing to the ear. Visualy it's so impressive, haveing a grinade go off a few yards infront of you will leave dirt and debree flying everywhere as well as smoke that just clogs your vision. The ringing in your ears will be deffining as you charge through and blast a guy in the face and his brains splatter everywhere. For an ALPHA this is the best game i've ever played. MUST BUY!"
,Recommended,393380,28699675,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Donnie Trumpberg,"After 17 years, three Operation Flashpoints, and three Armas, Squad turns out to be the game I was looking for all that time."
,Recommended,393380,28742468,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,LemonCamel,PTSD
,Recommended,393380,28754723,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,being rude isn't cool,heck yea
,Recommended,393380,28775243,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,DuckSmokesQuack,"Just started playing and man what a great game. I've played many FPS games and this is one of the best I've played.-Great team work-Forces communication and actualy tactics-People get kicked if you they are caught tking-Awesome communityDoes the game need work? Of course it does, I've found a few bugs but it's managable. Give it a chance I think it's a great game"
,Recommended,393380,28812651,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,KETCHUP,"Awesome tactical shooter. Much like a cut down Arma currently, as it's in its alpha stages, but otherwise a very very well designed, entertaining game."
,Recommended,393380,28938583,Posted: 2 January,all,i d0nT fLeX 0n mY fAnS,Awesome game first 2 hours is boring but after that the rest of my 9 hours was awesome i played all that on 1 day
76561198262672690,Recommended,393380,28997961,Posted: 3 January,all,|||✪InFedus✪|||,Tactical af 10/10 team play well that depends sometimes you will get stupid teammates that wont listen and do what you say and sometimes you will but except that game graphics self are great map design is great to need some performance improvements but overall 10/10 for this game and the dev team self
,Recommended,393380,29025073,Posted: 4 January,all,Theresa May,<3
76561198172347669,Recommended,393380,29069094,Posted: 6 January,all,Stalin,10/10
76561198000965634,Recommended,393380,29089920,Posted: 7 January,all,Ghost,"I cant believe this amazing game has a 78% positive rating>It has constant action from the start of the round to the end>Is extremely fun to lead/be in a squad that struggles together for victory.>Teamwork is key from working with your squadmates to squad leaders, and that makes it all the more rewarding when a good plan comes together, or even when it goes horribly wrong and you scramble to pick up the pieces.> I love the community and I try to make being in my squad fun, and it always is. Its addicting to bond with your squadmates over the rounds in a realictic and tactical game as good as Squad.>convoy and hiking karoke is just one of the key features of this game>They are still adding stuff which keeps it fresh for me :)>All the complaints I've seen against this game are either petty or untrue ... this game is not buggyThis is a great game and im writing this review because it deserves a 90+% rating"
76561198040700773,Recommended,393380,29173369,Posted: 10 January,all,DatShaggyBoii,"Really great game! If you want something team based definitely check this out, everyone is essentially required to have a mic to play effectively. Once new updates come out it will just get better."
76561198148507430,Recommended,393380,29188046,Posted: 11 January,all,FaZaR_Squidward_3,If you like awesome battles and realistic fps shooters then this is a MUST HAVE. Also super fun with friends.
,Recommended,393380,29189756,Posted: 11 January,all,lakku,"Squad is born from the Battlefield 2 mod called Project Reality. Due to it being on alpha and not a finished product yet, it's still well polished.Gameplay is currently in solid state, there's no pros or cons you could say about it. It just... works? This game is also multiplayer only and to succeed you pretty much need to use the microphone and rubbish english to communicate (don't worry, you're not the only one, be brave, you can do it). The servers are up to 80 players and one game takes 1-2 hours.Squad runs on Unreal Engine 4 which is pretty demanding. Some people say this game runs like crap for them, for me I get solid 60 fps on all settings at epic. Sound design in this game surpassses ARMA 3. It's phenomenal and so are explosions & smoke grenades. Every little detail is so amazing. You really feel like you're under fire and with a good headset your ears will ring.These are just my experiences. My first try for this game was at the first free weekend event & sale. If you're unsure about Squad, I suggest you wait for another free weekend & sale event or just take the risk. You can't play this game SOLO, remember that. You need to speak up with the rest of the squad you join."
76561198006920960,Recommended,393380,29286134,Posted: 15 January,all,REvil89,"If Arma 3 and Battlefield 1/4 had a baby, it would be called Squad! One of the best FPS games I have ever played. The VoIP system is so good that its like using Discord or TS (if not better), and I haven’t met one person yet that doesn’t have a mic.You can clearly see that the developers have played a lot of FPS games because the feel and movement is excellent and not slow and clunky (Like I find Arma 3, to be), but not just the movement, the whole strategy behind the game is so well thought out, from flanking the enemy, to where your next way point or spawn point needs to be, is great...... 20/10 if you like FPS games, then what are you waiting for!!!!!!"
76561198089189377,Recommended,393380,29329226,Posted: 17 January,all,Corsair,Awesome Game!!! Is a perfect mix of an Arma and Battlefield style game!
,Recommended,393380,26570403,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Scraff,"Great game if you like something that is a little bit more realistic and tactical. If you don't own a microphone yet, get one and communicate with your squad mates for the full Squad experience."
,Recommended,393380,26570470,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Panther,Good PTSD Sim
,Recommended,393380,26582015,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Ranger42203,It is very realistic and will become very addicting.
76561198252991996,Recommended,393380,26582274,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Zoraxon,"Long review, there is a TLDR.K, this game is HARD. No equipment gap though. Pure skill and luck, neither of which I have, are required of you and your squad to do well. As stated, this is a challenging game. 2 rounds to the chest and you're deadled. Yep, deadled. You HAVE to have a microphone to play basically, or be really fast with a keyboard.The learning curve is pretty sharp, there are things I still don't know about in it, like how the hell to make emplacements and barricades, but this is how we learn. I'll figure out eventually.That said though, if you find a chill group of randoms (The best kind of groups), you will have fun, basically no matter how much you suck. I was playing with some other new guys, and one noticed a bug where the audio from where you died played a little bit after you respawned. he described it as""Even after you leave, you can still hear the gunfire and the screams.""Without missing a beat another guy looks over and says ""That's PTSD son, find a medic."" It isn't as funny in writing, but it was perfect at the moment.TLDR, work together, play tacticool, and don't dead.P.S. If you're bleeding, but up, bandage your own♥♥♥♥♥ don't flag down a medic who's trying to get some poor neckshot fool back into the fight. Take out your bandages and use Mouse 2 (Right click). Wait until you hold them out again, then find a medic.Reference my screenshots to find the example of why you should do the above statement"
,Recommended,393380,26588048,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,[Ops] Hamleet,"This game is the ultimate spiritual successor to Battlefield 2. The community is one of the best I've seen, as well as active development. If you were to invest in any Alpha game right now, this should be the one if you love tactical teamwork based multiplayer games."
,Recommended,393380,30287217,Posted: 2 March,all,locdog,"Great game if you are after an asymetrical, team focused, tactical milsim."
,Not Recommended,393380,20531353,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,MonnSTARRR,"Okay listen,I understand it's an alpha.  I got it.  I am actually in a degree program learning how to make video games...so I get it more than most.Let me start off by saying I really love the concept of Squad, unfortuantely 95% of the servers I try to join I get a connection failed message, and have to start my server search all over again.  In one hour of attempts, I got into TWO games...the first game was going just fine, then out of no where, server dropped me.Second game I got into I went prone by a bunker on Fool's road and got stuck in the map, I wasn't visable for my team mates to kill me, nor did I have a frag to frag myself, not to mention there was no option to suicide so I could respawn, so what did I have to do? Disconnect.Another thing is that 90% of the servers are European servers, so their pings for me are in the hundreds, ironically enough I connect to them with seemingly no issues minus the fact that I have a three digit ping.I want to love this game, as I am a huge player of Arma III and formerly Battlefield before it went all COD on me.  In it's current state, I can not recommend you drop 40 dollars on a game that isn't optimized, has terrible server quality and bugs that literally make the game unplayable.Get your crap together Project Reality and I will come back and give a revised review.  From a tactical FPS player to another, don't waste your money just yet."
76561197971201467,Recommended,393380,20536418,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,LT,"A combo between ARMA 3 and Insurgency.Less of Arma's annoying control system, and more of Insurgency's way better control systemLess of Insurgency's sandboxish feeling maps and more Arma's outdoor style maps (except the really crappy one with the building mazes goin down)The weapons feel very realistic and they sound even more realistic. When you are taking fire there is a real crack sound and also you can feel like you are being suppressed in the middle of a firefight.Since its even in early access, I think its going really great, this game will stick around for sure especially if it keeps improving so you might as well just pick it up."
76561197971249474,Recommended,393380,20859428,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,TheHerbalAlchemist,This game is amazing...
76561198185971350,Recommended,393380,20899850,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Razgriz Blaze,Great game with so much more to give just needs transport because i call this running simulator 2016 at the moment
,Recommended,393380,21200374,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,ＤＯＯＴ ＤＯＯＴ,Got to shoot my AK in the air while yelling Allah Akbar10/10 would martyrdom again
,Recommended,393380,21209140,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Vezi,Be me.Finally caught up to my squad dug in defending our FOB.Helped kill all those Towel Heads and things died down.Decided to go to bathroom and since I have a wireless headset i'm able to hear everything thats happeneing.While im taking a♥♥♥♥♥♥I hear my squad mates scream rpg and then lots of explosions and gunfire happened.After it stops all I hear is my Squad yelling for a medic all while i'm peeing. I get back only to be executed by the enemy.11/10 would gain PTSD from going to the bathroom again
,Recommended,393380,21222727,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Överste ålf^,"Even if it is in EA its still the best milsim shooters out there, it also has a great community with devs who are very involved with the players."
,Not Recommended,393380,21379745,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,red088,seems fun but my game is in slow motion dont think its a fps issue doesnt lag or anything just slowmotion
,Recommended,393380,21384647,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,[SeN] SilverMethod,"Coming with a background from the Project Reality mod for Battlefield 2 and then later ArmA 2/3, this game is a must have for tactical shooter enthusiasts.Not as arcade-y as Battlefield 4, but still looks awesome. Doesn't take as long to gear up - because there isn't any - as ArmA.Want to have some realistic, tactical fun with your mates or strangers who also play tactically? This is the game for you.Every night so far has been nothing but intense firefights and fun moments. Even when we lost or I had no kills, at the end of it all the experiences I had during the match was definitely well worth the time spent fighting for the objectives."
,Recommended,393380,21438101,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,ghost,"A nice, fun, realistic game to play."
76561198122040816,Recommended,393380,21440659,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Tim the Toolbag Taylor,"Very well done. I'm not going to get into details. But this game to me is a perfect merger of Arma, Battlefield and Insurgency. My only warning is to my battlefield friends.. No mini map or hit markers here my friends"
76561198081233550,Recommended,393380,21667928,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,SEALTeamRick,"PROS: A great game for milsim fans. This game is currently in early access alpha but it does not feel like it. The maps diverse, and the gunplay is tight and satisfying. The devs are super active, it seems like every week something is improved or a feature is implimented. If you have to means to part with $40 it would be well spent on these passionate and skillful devs than another broken AAA game.CONS: No persistence/XP or weapon customization. Vehicles are in the store screenshots but not in the game yet, but will be soon they say.9.5/10"
,Recommended,393380,21771533,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,damnReg,"tank yok , anti tank var, bitti."
,Recommended,393380,21945881,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,king kush,"Well first of all i have to give this game a 10/10 and its still in alpha!If you love open world gaming , fps shooters and most of all hop in and hop out games this is the one for you!The game is military based and is not a fast paced game.Pros: (Alpha)-The maps are very big and can hold up to 75 players on one server.- 5-6 classes you can play with-Teamwork is key , no bullsht.-The average age in the game tends to be around 18-Most games take around 1 hour , but its hop in hop out whenever you want.Cons: (Alpha)-Theres a simple menu-Theres no ranking system and level system-When gone alt tab the game tends to stop responding time to time whilst on loading screen.-Theres no official servers , only servers which were made by players. So the servers arent runned by Squad.-Theres no campaign."
,Not Recommended,393380,22013167,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Harold,10/10 Frame drop simulator(Whenever someone speaks I go from 60fps-5fps)
76561198170590819,Recommended,393380,22076977,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Tebs,amazing!
76561198008943303,Recommended,393380,26610787,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,DangerDane111,"Only had this game for a few hours now but I am really enjoying it, Definitely not a run and gun like COD or BF.You need team work and communication, Squad leaders play a big role in leading their squad to victory."
,Recommended,393380,26612651,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,WhipDiddyWhip,"This game is great if you more that little more than just mindless pew pew you get from cod or battlefield, in my opinion its just the right balance between realistic and fun to give you that sense of satisfaction in completing objectives, teamwork is key and rewarding and the devs have made a great in game voice system so no need for third party programs.considering it's in alpha it's going really well, if you find the right squad leeader or do it yourself and use good teamwork then there's no other fps that can compare in my opinionas of right now (early access alpha) i'd give it a solid 8 out of 10, lets hope it continues to improve"
76561198020138502,Recommended,393380,26622412,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,[FIP]Uncookedzebra,"I highly recommend this game if you are going to play with a large group, and everyone in the group has a mic. This game is hard to master though."
,Recommended,393380,26623270,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Leonard Potato,"Amazing game, there are some bugs but remember that this is the alpha version so they still have to fix a lot of things but over all the experience is amazing!"
,Recommended,393380,26631561,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,TheRettom,"One of the best indie developed games I've ever played. In order to win, it requires you to communicate with your squad and perform legit military tactics. It's similar to ArmA, but it definitely is one of a kind. The one thing that always sticks out to me is the radio system. I know how army comms sounds, and the replication on here extremely accurate. The ballistics on this game are amazing, and you need to depend on your squad mates to stay alive and complete the given objective. I recommend this game to anyone who wants a tactical, team-based shooter."
,Recommended,393380,26635953,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Mosin Accquired,"Now imagine all of those videos you watched back before this came out...when ArmA 2 was the definiative hardcore, large map and large group FPS/TPS... especially when ACE came out to improve the experience further...this is pretty much that but all wrapped up and without the need to download a mess of mods to get the experience. You will find yourself legitimately yelling when you play, whether it's to clear the backblast on your rocket launcher (You can injure people with the backblast) or making panicked call outs on enemy positions...that's how immersive this game was to me.Pros:-Large maps, varied teams and equipment (much like old Battlefield games)-Huge teams. Supposedly going to be 50v50.-Solid VOIP, you can swap between local area chat, Squad chat and Squad leader(command) chat (if you're a squad leader) to better coordinate your attacks and communicate with other squads-Intense Firefights-Building of fortifications to better defend objectiveCons:-Early access title, glitches are to be expected-Optimization needs work-Pretty expensive for it's current state, wait until it goes on sale."
,Recommended,393380,26666417,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Benji ᕦ(Ò_Óˇ)ᕤ,"This game is definitely a must have! Although it is still in early access, this game has a huge amount of potential and has blown me away with how far it has come! I can not get enough of this game. I woud easily rate this in my top 3 favorite games of all time!If you haven't bought this game yet then you need to get yourself 40$ and buy it immediatley! You will not regret getting it, it is worth every penny! This game is very realistic, and isn't like other first person shooters like COD. Whether you're into realism or not, you need to get this game!100% Recommend!"
76561198062288713,Recommended,393380,26676965,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Rocky Buttclench,"This game is very good, it has such a wide scope for future updates. one suggestion, make a game mode or DLC that is set in The Second World War, where you have to have a radio man to communicate with other squads. I think this would make it my favouritst games ever!"
,Recommended,393380,26677572,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,✪ josh,Squad is the game you want if you are in to real life combat scenarios. Having 50 real people to play against you makes for very immersive gameplay. If you enjoy teamplay and like fps games Squad is a game you should buy. The feeling you get when you sneak up on an entire squad with your own squad and ambush them will give you goose bumps.
,Recommended,393380,26683539,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,SpyTroop,"Honestly, I would play this game a lot more if it was better optimized. the low fps kills it for me. I'm going to wait for the new version to see if it improves in performance."
,Recommended,393380,26701852,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,-Richy,Love <3
76561198171874007,Recommended,393380,26723458,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Benji,this game its 10/10
,Recommended,393380,26749389,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Nemo,-joins game-Spawns with M249-Apperantly a squad is pinned-I flank them-I spot 5-6 insurgents-I spray-I couldn't see due to muzzle flash-I stop firing-6 Bodies on the floor
76561198318703476,Recommended,393380,26756620,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,MatinDan328,Good game obvs still in progress but feels emmersive and fun
,Recommended,393380,27212263,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Damiano ︻芫══----,Probably the best and most immersive Multiplayer FPS game i've ever played.
,Recommended,393380,27298489,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rambo,"Great Team game, but still some performance issues. It is alpha what did you expect."
76561198093171050,Recommended,393380,27730830,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DJ_KaMeRoV,The best USA shouting simulator!IGN - 6.5/10
76561197993378758,Recommended,393380,27732585,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,bah,1 of the best war games on steam. Keeps getting better & better with every major update.
,Recommended,393380,27784653,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[SiN] elsexyboygian,"Squad is a very tactical game that I've come to respect and love throughout my first few hours of playing, I do think it's slightly early to be making this review but the game needs some thumbs up from me. If you're looking into buying arma I tell you now STOP!!!!! Do not buy Arma 3 Over this wonderful tactical shooter.Pros- Teamwork every single round- No constant spam with OP vehicles / Weapons- Map is detailed- Animation's are beautiful- Intense combat at times- Alpha and there's more to comeCon- Joining a squad or round with !Really! serious players."
,Recommended,393380,27841638,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,[2.FJg]Tank-Col_Burner-Gefr,Great squad base coop game. Needs team work of your part this mean is not CoD your 50 kills and rambo ways usind the medic-spec while running alone in the front lines dont mean crap to your team and you will lose. Get on a squad select your spec follow your squad-leader and do your share will be more rewarding and fun for you and your team.
,Recommended,393380,23893835,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Yee,"Fantastic game. Like ARMA except a little more system-friendly, and the hit detection is less janky."
76561197972429297,Recommended,393380,24000887,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,dutchinfinity,"absolutely thrilling- not for those who like numbers ( to be Nr1 kills )- not for those who are mic shy- not for those who dont have a mic- not for the solo playersthis game is an experience for those who do like and participate in team gameplay. this is the game for those who actually care about your team mates and shout trough your mic if they are in danger.it is a really fun game, because people are really communicating and trying to beat the other team. there is no shouting when you lost, its mature and for mature people.when you first go with your first squad leader, and bullets start to fly above your head.You have no idea where the shot is comming from, spraying your bullets is no option you team mate might be right next to you. all of a sudden your screen turns black.. .. .. ..the first time you die in this game really makes you feel ... where did the shot come from. there is no indicater saying you got shot from NW orsomthing. this game makes you feel a tiny tiny tiny bit of how war is really chaos and you trying to survive within that chaos.i am by far, not the best player. but when you suppress an enemy and therefor save a team life or make your team advance in any way. you really feel smal, but also you feel your participation has meaning in this matter.its not for everybody thats for sure but if you like the genre, you will most sertenly like this."
,Recommended,393380,24089029,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Kooterpounder,"You definitely cannot go COD style with 360 no scope drop shots. This is a real military shooter that requires team effort, organization, and skill. Being alone will actually more than likely be a disadvantage to you. The gameplay is optimized and it has a good development team pushing out updates. I recommend this because it's not only realistic, but the graphics are clean. My one complaint is that there are no vehicles and aircraft yet, hence the word ""YET"". They will be here eventually.My one pro tip: Have a mic."
,Recommended,393380,24154733,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,GravityCollapse,"game doesn't give you ptsd, but it is extremely difficult to master.bullets take time to travel and even then, the gun sways and makes aiming a ♥♥♥♥♥.Squad only works when the squad works as a unit and communicates. Not your game if you don't have a mic. (Well, it is. YOu just wont be involved because nobody checks chat)Definitely buy this one if you're looking for a realistic military simulator."
,Recommended,393380,24159179,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,[FT]Polyphemus[CF],"Really fun game to play, especially in a team. Needs to be refined more and fine tuned however to make sure you get a decent frame rate"
,Recommended,393380,24166724,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Leaving For Army:: Hartshock,"Squad.. A huge cluster of different opinions. The almost 3 hours I have put into it I have seen some amazing features. It is one of the first games I've played where most squads cooperate and help to accomplish the mission. The building feature as a squad leader is awesome, the bullet sounds and mechanics are good. Except for firing on 'Semi'. No matter how fast you click your gun will stutter and sometimes not even shoot 3-5shots in. I love this game and my passion for Milsim games is what made me pay the hefty 40.00. If your not a DIE HARD MILSIM fan (insurgency, arma, day z, Verdun) this game will not be worth it for the amount. If you are? then this is the game you will want in your library especially as it keeps updating."
76561198002906421,Recommended,393380,24218708,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,ZIPPO Org 10% LUCK,GREAT GAME IT´S THAT SIMPLE
,Recommended,393380,24321930,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Abysmal,"Absolutley love this game. I've played countless other realistic FPS shooters and for me this does it. Not overly complicated like ARMA but not simple and small. Starting off you will have a hard time and its easy to get discouraged but once you get the hang of it you'll be playing for hours and soon find yourself loosing alot of sleep.  I really recommend a microphone without one alot of squads will kick you and its just in general much harder to communicate.The community is great for the most part. Met countless of people I squad up with and we have a blast. Graphics are good gameplay is even better. It's been a long time since I've played a game with some of the crazy moments I have in Squad. Rolling down the street with a full squad when rockets go over your head and your buddy gets sniped next to you all in a split second caos takes over..everyone is calling out contacts but you can barley hear them with the sound of your squaddie letting his M249 rip to supress the enemies. Or playing as a sniper sneaking through the enemies flanks and getting that one headshot from 500m and watching their squad run like ants...its a very very immersive game and at times overwhelming if your new but rewarding if you stick with it.With the next update comming soon this game is going to be fantastic, and I highly recommend this game to any mature player who loves realistic and challenging shooters."
76561198300020028,Recommended,393380,24390542,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,abrutalimpact,"listen to squad leader!!!! and pack your mic, this game is amazing!"
,Recommended,393380,24401236,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,denzy,"FUN, but AMD CPU ain't having FUN"
,Not Recommended,393380,24440319,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Wolfdown,"Hooboy.How do I really explain? The game got a bit of popularity shortly after its initial release to early access, even despite the hefty $40 price tag. Kotaku even ran an article on it, which may have boosted popularity further.Now? The servers are more or less desolate, and jumping in cold is extremely difficult as there are a lot of controls to keep track of and 2 to 3 different lines of voice chat all on separate hotkeys.As realistic as it may seem, and as cool of an experience I had when I first played it when the servers were packed, I just can't bring myself to recommend anyone pay that much for such an empty game."
76561198121692212,Recommended,393380,24456492,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Apocalypse997,Pros:Best ptsd simulator everYou can Cheeki Breeki iv damke with your friends when you play as Russians or TalibansConsYou can't shoot the chicken like cs go :(9/11 I'm too young do die in this war again
,Recommended,393380,24469582,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,cheesedman,"10/10Squad is an extremely realistic and requires immense teamwork! It features huge maps and fun gameplay. If you don't communicate with your team you have absolutely no chance of winning.Pros:+No microtransactions+The graphics are great!+The primary AAS gamemode is all I've ever wanted my whole life, two teams start at the oppisite sides of the map and control objectives along a route only being able to attack and defent one at a time.+The game is currently 80 players per server but they plan on making it 100 players in a future update.+Each team has different squads of up to 9 people with their own squad leaders. These squad leaders have a kit able to place rally points for quick limited spawning for their squad, and fobs for unlimited spawning for the whole team. At these fobs, Squad leaders can place barricades and machine guns for defence that the other members of the squad can build.+The community is great and everyone actually listens to their squad leaders and works as a team.+Almost everyone has mics and people who dont usually listen to people who do have them very well.+There is no character customization which is great because people on the same team have to wear the same uniform. This prevents everyone in the game wearing random♥♥♥♥♥♥and taking away from the realistic experience like in newer cods.+There is no class customization, just loadouts such as squad leader, medic, rifleman, automatic rifleman and so on. This also helps with the realism and prevents people having a lot of the very poweful weapons.+Menu music is great.+Maps are Kilometres long with the biggest map being 15.7 square kilos!+A couple more realistic features squad has are things like having pretty much one shot kill       +Minimal hud+When you get shot at, the screen blurs and you can hear the snapping of the bullet and it whizzing past your head+Rocket launchers have backblast that can kill+There is no minimap+When you kill someone there is no hitmarker or notification, you just have to watch if there body goes limp+If you aim at a friendly, there name will pop up but if you aim at an enemy it will show nothing. This will prevent giving the enemys position away if you were just looking around and didn't actually see them.+The firefights are ♥♥♥♥ing intense and require a lot of skill to win.+A lot of planning and very quick thinking are needed to outsmart the enemy.+Placing things at an fob is very simple+Vehicle claim system is now great and prevents lone wolves from stealing vehicles from the team and getting them blown up like in battfkefield. It now works as depending on how many people are in your squad, is how many vehicles you can take.Cons:-There are many different languages spoken by the players in this game so it would help if there were a language filter for the server browser.-They should take away the fact that you cant place a rally if enemies are nearby and that it will reset the timer. I don't see why that matters. All it basically does is alert me of enemy positions. And then punishes you. The only rule with the rally should be is that you can only place one every 3 minutes.-You should also be able to hear and talk to enemy players in local chat. This would enhance the realism and be cool to hear enemies talking and give away there position.-The most manditory thing would be to add a lobby and a quick join button so my friends and I can join a game together easily. Every game basically has this and it is very standard. It would save the bs of having to talk over discord and plan when to simotaniously click on a server ending up with some of us getting left out. The quick join button would be great for putting your lobby in the server with the most players that your lobby can still fit in.Overall:This is truly the best game I have ever played and I can't wait for the new updates!"
76561197966092532,Recommended,393380,24472767,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,GeorgeFourman,"You walk a lot and die quick. ""Is that a teammate?"" I may never know."
,Recommended,393380,24646318,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Jimmy Longnose,"Defo a good game! Sometimes takes a while to load. Also some maps/servers can be a bit laggy (20-30 fps, Others at 40-80). Would still rate 9/10 even though its Early Access. Keep up the good work! :)"
76561198081722351,Recommended,393380,24681030,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Charizard,"Definately an excellent game with a great community. If you like realistic, tactical, games where you need to work with your team, Squad is worth a buy. It is rough around the edges and still has early access quirks, such as bugs, high cpu usage, and you will most likely not get constant 60 fps unless you have absolute top of the line (i.e. I7 & GTX 1080). If you are put off buy the early access sticker, you should still track its progress."
,Recommended,393380,24742157,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Vinni_winchester,Really good game in my opinionFeels like a light arma BF2 Project Reality mod.Kills feel really rewarding because of the crazy ggod ragdoll physics.Also in every match there are at least two squads who communicate well and play the game as it is supposed to.
76561198060101120,Recommended,393380,24793381,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Thenighthunter119,I got this game seeing the potential that it would have come release. The game has its issues as would be expected with an alpha. But the development team making this is active with the community and listening to complaints and improving the game. with the time I have played I really enjoy the game it has a great community and the developers are actively searching for problems and glitches. From most of the negative reviews I have seen it is just people being impatient which is understandable but not a reason to down vote a game if you have patience this game would be great for you if not maybe wait before you buy.
76561198096221953,Recommended,393380,24797285,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Copenhagen™,This game is GREAT! Like amazingly wonderful. Seriously Realistic. Friendly community.
76561198149982525,Recommended,393380,24803260,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Jiggy The Kid,its a good idea but its hard to play.id still give it a shot.
,Recommended,393380,25223379,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,DarK_St3alth,"Rank:8/10Recommendation(s):Play SWAT 4 and one of the many Battlefield titles. Have a Microphone.Major Theme:A more serious Battlefield, without silly EA meddling.Bought at Price:$39.59 (10% off via sale)My prayers to lord Gaben have finally been answered. A new battlefield-like experience on Steam without having to put up with EA!In all seriousness though, if you were looking for a battlefield-like title that’s on Steam, this is the one to throw your money at. So far the development team seems serious enough to push out updates, and even fix them if they mess up.Granted that this title is still in its infancy and still has a ways to go, I threw my money at Squad because I want to encourage the development team to continue on making and supporting the one game I have been looking forward to in a long time.Do make a note however; this isn’t a casual hop in, hop out game like that of Counter-Strike. Matches can take about an hour, and the respawn system is brutal, along with the mechanics that really encourage team and squad based play. If you like games such as SWAT 4, then you will have no issue enjoying this game (even in its current state). Make sure however Private, you do equip yourself with an issued microphone, because that’s what is expected of you and your squad.How is this game different from ARMA you ask? ARMA III is more of a simulator, and Squad is more of a game. While ARMA seeks “hyper-realism”, where things are modeled to the real world down to the shoe lace or pebble, Squad takes a slightly relaxed approach without sacrificing too much of the “hardcore” game mechanics.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=717840429Granted there are performance issues (AMD users and sounds), and trust has been a little bit of a rollercoaster recently after the 7.0 disaster rollout and then 7.1/7.2 hotfixes issuances to help alleviate the dreaded “Fatal Error” crashes, I would say this title is no different than ARMA with it’s release month performance with AI on multiplayer and client side FPS.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=726464681Even with the issues, it feels as Squad is actually getting to the release version, and not just sitting perpetually in early access to milk the cash cow.As mentioned previously with update 7 and then 7.1, and 7.2, the game added the much needed vehicles to increase the map scales to make them seem more real. Granted you can still play the infantry only versions which are smaller – being able to take in the scale of the battlefield is best done in the back of a troop transport – listening to the real communications going on between your squad, the squad leaders, and then those around you in the transport. This isn’t a run and gun title, it’s about working as a team on many levels to win.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=717103088I wouldn’t call this title the most realistic military FPS, but I certainly would call it the most enjoyable. I certainly can not wait for the release of this title."
,Recommended,393380,25227376,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,1960s toaster,Amazing game that brings team cohesion to life do not listen to the negative reviews this games is so very fun even in quote unfinished phase.
76561198128739715,Recommended,393380,25263108,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,LEMON,great game recomend it to all i love it and its constantly being worked on its by far the best game in my libary
00000009150000000,Recommended,393380,25289453,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,RDT - YT,gada
,Recommended,393380,25303146,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,[SCO]Jimbo,"Only downside is servers can fill up quick and you struggle to get in, other than that amazing game"
76561198028285880,Recommended,393380,25343160,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Deluge-AUS,Intense teamwork like you have never seen before. This is an excellent game with a great development team working on bringing new updates monthly. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,393380,25409030,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,DaveCleasc,"Great game, but they better hurry up with the crash fixes!!!And a system to have more organised squads instead of it sometimes feeling too much like battlefield.PS. Crashes have been fixed :D"
76561198010089914,Recommended,393380,25436093,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Bazooka_Joe,"10/10 only game i thouroughly enjoy, and is damn beautiful!i7, gtx 970, 8gb ram, win 10  ~ 40 fps"
76561198063545962,Recommended,393380,25470043,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,biffchicken,"If ARMA and Battlefield met in a bar, shared a few drinks, killed a few insurgents together, got married and had a baby, then Squad would be the offspring. Realism of ARMA with the team based, obective capturing of Battlefield. Very good game, but 10x better if you have a team with mics or a group of friends to play with in order to get teamwork going. Can't wait to see the finished product, so far it shows great potential."
76561198030800730,Not Recommended,393380,25520373,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,annendavidj,This game has no tutorial of any sort you are given a place to test everything not that it helps much. now after a month and still poor game play no assistance the camera renders wrong its either outfrom of the character or behind the charter. i would strongly reccommend agaist the purchase of this game.
,Recommended,393380,25521803,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Ace Hardcastle,"This game finds a good balance between more hardcore large-map simulation type games (think ARMA) and something more linear like the Red-Orchestra series. If you've ever played Project Reality for Battlefield you know what you're getting yourself into. A few observations:-You will die a lot and often you won't know where you were killed from.  This is normal.-The learning curve is steep and I would recommend that you play at least 20-40 hours before taking up the squad leading role.-A microphone is pretty much required as many squads will kick you if you do not communicate.-Use the firing range a lot.  Get proficient with all the weapons at various ranges.-In any case, I've played almost 600 hours so I obviously think the game is alright.  : )"
76561198040997218,Recommended,393380,25636821,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Dil Kirk,"hmmm, what to say...this game is amazing!! ever since i first bought it a while ago it has done nothing but impress me...coming from an afghanistan veteran, this game is decently realistic in how it portrays battles and middle eastern fire fights.  As for performance, I have had absolutely no issue, aside from some minor issues they have fixed since (i.e. mic wouldn't work)The devs work extremely hard and update pretty regularly to improve their game and bring it out of its Alpha stage.  Keep it up!"
76561198045288784,Not Recommended,393380,25790729,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,[TIO]Babadook,Bought the game and it has and Error when I launch. Searched online and people are saying it's my antivirus. Went through all that and still can't launch. Spent $40 can't can't even try the game...
,Recommended,393380,25812908,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,[db] Archer,its pretty good
76561198059635996,Recommended,393380,25870069,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,bebop,11/10 Great stutter simulator
,Recommended,393380,25888723,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,(IETF)Gen*Lynx*,"Not much negative i can say, this game is really good. Only thing i dont like is that every rouds is capture this capture that. What about just fighting the enemy on the battle field. I just think everyone is to concerned on winning, you get in a squad and run for hours trying to cap and take points. Other times the game is good when i don't have some jerk acting like a boss lol."
,Recommended,393380,26043098,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Capt_Gonz,"This game is unbeilviable. Once you get the hang of things and you learn to lead a squad, its crazy fun. Once you get pass the learning stage. This will game get good.  Sure its $40, But the coummity is active, there is a active subredditon r/joinsquad . This game has the best VoIP, I think, so its worth full $40."
,Recommended,393380,26075293,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,๖ۣۜBrandan,"The reviews made me question to buy it. Bought it and it is one of the best fps games out there The communication between people is great almost everyone has a mic, and theres no trolls i have encountered. To say its in Alpha the game it is 11/10. The communication between the SL [Squad Leader] and the squad is great everyone listens and  follows his orders also The SL chat to talk to the other SL's are good as they communicate to make a plan to defend or to attack the enemys position."
,Recommended,393380,26087276,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Miller,">Join a server after messing around with the settings for 3 hours to make my GPU not blow up>NA Server>Join a squad led by an Aussie>First thing i hear is ""For Australia"">We rush a Taliban held compound>We can hear an enemy radio (FOB) in a room next to us>We can hear like 10 people talking>Our Squad Leader and the rest of the  riflemans chug nades into the room>FPS drops to 10 due to all the explosions>Rush the room>10 dead Millitants>We start to dig out their radio using our E Tools>We get RPGed trough the window and all die>10/10 game"
,Recommended,393380,26109679,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,[Ops] Cobra,"Best shooter I have played in years. If I had to sum this game up in 3 words it would be Communication, Pacing, and Cinematic.Communication: Its been a really long time since I had a game that requires communication and teamwork to be successful.Pacing: It has the perfect pacing in my opinion it builds up tension and allows for some planning before all hell breaks lose.Cinematic: When all hell breaks lose this game is simply amazing from the sound design to explosions and tracers flying over your head.If you have a mic and can communicate and enjoy a more thoughtful shooter then pick this up you wont regret it!"
,Recommended,393380,25212028,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,donkeywhax,"Sick game, for sick playas."
76561198118049852,Recommended,393380,30445434,Posted: 11 March,all,Chuck Norris,"next update add suicide bomber and bomb car, gonna be awesome"
,Recommended,393380,35125134,Posted: 22 September,all,Nr22 Bjorn,"Basically Squad is PR without guns with guns that’s more polished but with less stuff in the way of vehicles and the sort. It’s pretty solid, and if you like PR, Arma, Battlefield, or milsim in general you’ll like Squad. Recommended."
,Recommended,393380,21157980,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Volimite,"For those of us, who haven't been playing for very long this is for you.during one of our operations to push back American forces moving in from the valley, we had encountered heavy resistance. Now as i had just jumped into the game, i squaded up with the first team that was available.it was miserable... we had a team leader who didnt have a mic, a french guy who kept saying ""Hon Hon Hon, enemiz from diz wae"" and such, the other two team members didnt even say anything, and another who just stood there like he was AFK but then would move for about 10 seconds and stop again. (was it lag? i doubt it.)now im here thinking ""well ♥♥♥♥ guess who got the reject squad"" i got a sudden mic call from our team leader who had told us that we were to defend the point we were on. easy enough. But something happened up front with the attacking squads as all three of them got destroyed extremely quickly.. this made me extremely nervous as a buch of lunatics who couldn't even co-operate with each other were expected to defend this bazaar from potentially 3 full squads.our team leader again informs us that squads 1 and 3 (and 6? he was one guy) was coming up to reinforce us once they had made their way from the FOB, which was put in the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ location in the middle of the hills, god knows how far away from our actual objective.this is where things got interesting, as i hunkered down with my machine gun thinking ""whelp may as well take down one or two before im killed by a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of grenades, our medic had spotted out each person who was advancing on our location, the random walking guy suddenly felt compelled by the holy squad spirit to start flanking to the north while we held the position, the squad leader had us all spread out and we were fantastically holding the position. It was almost surreal.now skip forward to more reinforcements from the american team and the other squads finally coming to our aid, we moved inside the closest compound to the american uncap and theres a strange silence.No bullets.No calls for medic.No squad chat.Nothing.and then moving through the smoke like a wraith in the night is Yukiko over the local chat speaking softly ""One fish, two fish, hobbits are dead and we must protect our precious"" in a perfect gollum voice.it gave me the chills.who would have known in the next game we were in a squad together and our entire team communicated through gollum speak.11/10 would gollum again.EDIT: And now im ditching a party to go play in a tournament for valentines day GG.Squad is loveSquad is life."
,Recommended,393380,21442159,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Sir Based.,"Every time I play this game I love it even more. Perfect for veterans, active duty, or wannabes. It's also very hard not to stare at the eye candy while you're getting shot at! 10/10"
,Recommended,393380,21892330,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,John,If you like PR you'll like it.
,Recommended,393380,21936942,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Hemmingjay,"A really innovative and aggresively bold design. If the final product has even half of the promised features we will have the only MP shooter we need for the next decade. Even though it's still early in development the animations and graphics are very good considering this isn't a AAA studio. The maps feel like real combat environments, at least as far as my own experiences in Iraq relate. Those with jungle experience might have a different opinion. The servers have a healthy population and the net code is strong. I haven't been dropped unexpectedly or suffered any other issues. My favorite part of the game is the audio. The battle sounds are realistic and rewarding. Immersive is the general experience and that's something special with a MP shooter game.Keep it up!"
76561198123935000,Recommended,393380,22527766,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Chestic,"Was a gunner under command of the worlds most terrorist hating child.  Everytime the fight went down hill he would scream, ""You think this is my first war!"" is that squicky little voice.  10/10 would follow the kid that is ready to throw down again."
,Recommended,393380,22528089,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Porter,"This game is the bees knees. I play it entirely too much for my own good. Just waiting for vechicles is a major drawback. I suggest that you wait, but always good to practce infantry. 7.5/10 especially if you like this genre of gameplay and teamwork. Also there are clans that face eachother and a upcoming league. This game is good, but if the devs keep working hard on this then it could be great!Update: This game would easily have 92 percent overall recomendation, however AMD processsors run like dogpoop. You truly get what you pay for though....Runs great on my I7 4770k no OC and gtx 960. I turn shadows down to medium and almost get 60 costant.Update: (gtx 1070)Still a good game and still enjoying it 8/10. If you don't have paitence this game will not be fun.Update: New maps come out and vechicles add a fun element. This game is starting to shape up. 8.7/10"
76561198030774262,Recommended,393380,23538110,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Lord_Radford,"WOW WHAT A GAME!I decided to buy this game after  looking for a milsim game to replace arma 3.. What a find!Communication is key in this game. Without a mic expect to die.. It takes a few games to master the basic then even longer to master each different role. Unlike armour 3 where everyone is a bit immature and there are too many lone walves I find most people in this game work together and co-operate.The squad system in brilliant. You can communicate by radio with your squad or to the leaders of the other squads with a different channel. you can also communicate just with nearby players. Keeping the comms on these levels allows brilliant teeamwork I have not yet experienced in any game. If you have good squad leaders thew game flows amazingly.Individual roles in the squads are great. I played squad lead on my second day in the game. It is such hard work and you have to be openning the map every few seconds but when you're co-ordinating well and leading your team properly it is so so rewarding. I only got a few kills because i spent so much time co-ordinating, relaying, marking and communicating but i didn't even care. I don't even think I'd have cared if we lost just because if felt so well played anyway. Other roles include medics who are absolutely vital in a good squad (once your medics are down your screwed haha), General infantry (a stroing class that will make up most of a squad), Marksman who will need to take out long range targets, Grenadiers and Automatic riflemen. When you get a term who can work together in these roles it plays so smoothly. in my last game I watched whilst my automatic rifleman draw fire and suppressed and the marksman picked them off.The Graphics for this game are good, not great, but its alpha. I didn't have any major frame drops playing this game. With most of the settings maxed out I got 75fps (my monitors refresh rate) on an R9 290 and FX-6350. It seems all the AMD issues previously plauging the game are be swiftly corrected. the game can take a while to load but it is nothing major and not a massive time to wait considering a game is a minimum of 30 mins. There are a few in game glitches where soldiers have appeared to be floating and i have on one occasion had a weapon do no damage to an enemy at 5m range. considering the game is still in alpha I am impresserd that these are the only complaints i have with it. I have had not a single freeze or crash.I would 100% recommend this game to someone wanting a proper team based tactical shooter. You have to work for your kills but in this game you don't care about your kills, all that matters is the next objective. I will be spending many hours playing this! Well worth the money."
,Recommended,393380,23629800,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Der Boi Am Swaggen,If this game was a Donut i'd put my♥♥♥♥♥♥♥through it. 10/10
,Recommended,393380,23648686,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,.Bole,Having a blast with this game.Amazing game and amazing community
76561197994332553,Recommended,393380,23765483,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Macho Ham Randy Sandwich,"Poor AMD optimization. Bare-bones. No vehicles yet, a lot of PR2 functionality is missing, aaaand...A ton of potential.Great middle-ground between Battlefield and Arma. Complete and total sound porn, as well. The particle effects systems are some of the best I've seen in a modern shooter.It very accurately captures how ♥♥♥♥ing insane and chaotic combat really is.If you really want to -feel- like an A+ Army Man, get this game."
76561198044406923,Recommended,393380,23766600,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Pablo Escobar,"- Squad got mowed down- I'm the only one alive- I'm crawling through a corn field- Got shot at by a machine gunner, all I hear is the bullets slapping against the ground around me.- Play dead by staying still on the ground- They stop shooting- I pop up, fire 4 shots at the machine gunner- Watch him panic and get leveled by my returning squad"
,Not Recommended,393380,23934887,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Keondre,"I don't want to give this game a negative review as it's a good game, just unfinished at the moment. Once they finish adding everything that is planned for the game, It will be well worth the money and will probably be the #1 Tactical Realism Shooter on the Market."
,Recommended,393380,24033706,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Undefined aka Schyler,"Awesome game. 10/10If you don't like Early Access games, I do not reccomend getting this game. If you are ok with it and love to play tactically with people, then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,393380,24076889,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,MAXER2k,If you like PR or Arma you will love this.To me it's just the best realistic shooter right now and I'm looking forward to get vehicles and more great weapons.
,Recommended,393380,24471504,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Greggergalactic,"Overall it's a great game. Vehicles are still on their way and I'm fine with the wait on that. I bought into it knowing it was an Alpha/Early Access game so I will just enjoy it for what it is right now.The maps are massive and very well designed. When you have a good squad leader and your squad is all on board, it's an experience unlike any other FPS IMO. It can be so immersive and the fire fights are so intense. I'm not impatient for vehicles, but I will be honest, I wish they'd release a few more maps. You can get burnt out on the rotation pretty quickly.I recommend the game for anyone who likes realistic military games and is ok with ponying up $40 for an unfinished game. For me? I have been playing Project Reality for almost 10yrs so this game quickly became one of my favorites."
,Recommended,393380,24473419,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Binoculars,"Russian army simulator.Only. Russians. Play.On topic: This game is not worth the 40 bucks at this point in development, Right now its just a bigger/more open Insurgency. They are hoping to add vechiles soon, which will make running not a pain in the ***. But nevertheless, I still recommend this game, although not for full price, I would pick it up on sale."
76561198302805699,Recommended,393380,24727814,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Epson,8/10 when there is more updates it will 100% be 10/10 i really recomend this game!
,Recommended,393380,24801591,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,PickledPuffin,"My favourite Realistic FPS of all timeSquad is a game that i was introduce to by a fellow pc user and i am glad he did. This is my favourite realistic fps game of all time and has a great future ahead of it with a community that actually want to RP. With the release of vehicles just being introduce this in my opinon has improves the game massivly and allows for you to enter the action at a much faster pace. If you are looking for a realistic fps that is much better than Arma, look no futher and purchase this game,"
,Recommended,393380,24921785,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,"ser small nigga dick, the 46th",sniping on a hilltop at a whole squadnever in my life have i feel so blessed10/10
76561198027651318,Recommended,393380,25126012,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,JohnnyHardmember,This is deffinitly my new favorite game. If you enjoy tactical fps' like Red Orchestra or Arma this gsame is deffinitly worth checking out. The devs are great and have been very responsive to peoples complaints about perfomance issues and such. Cant wait for things to get ironed out in V8.
76561197981579343,Recommended,393380,25195955,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Fredo,"Everyone having crashes after the last update the fix is to update your video card driver, this fixed my issue."
76561197970669491,Recommended,393380,25350026,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,DerBrizon,"It plays just like PR with prettier graphics. It looks pretty good for such a small team of devs.  The explosion and weapon effects especially stand out - very well done.The game seems to have a little bit of lag associated with some vehicles and occasionally when you destroy a vehicle, the destroyed-state vehicle spawn in a different orientation as the original vehicle. there's a little bit of jumping and unpredictability when you revive people and such. I suspect when you revive someone, it despawns their corpse and respawns a new person in the approximate location. It's not very smooth looking.Overall, if you're a fan of ARMA and/or want something a liiiittle less clunky and faster paced, PR is it. It's got the approximate same teamwork requirements of Arma without the same learning curve and matches are a bit more contained and controlled so that players cant' be... too stupid.It's a GREAT game to play with friends."
76561198004587751,Recommended,393380,25517929,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Bucka,Great game! Highly recommend if you like teamwork and have a mic and willing to talk to get the job done
76561197975871975,Recommended,393380,26570107,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,kbilly,"Just played a game. 77 minute game and I think I joined in half way. I never saw an enemy, but heard a lot of gunfire. I died three times and at the end screen it said I had two kills. This game is great!"
76561198040921075,Recommended,393380,26582556,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Stepping Razor,"So good.  Tactical feel.  no-parkour/jump like rabbit when you are shot at, all you can do is attempt a serpentine or hit the deck and hide in the grass. REAL TIME feeling.  Based on decisions and tactical awareness.SIMULATION for sure and i hope it stays that way.Im just scratching the surface im looking forward to learning more about squad leader, and how to increase supplies faster. Looking forward to building some coold Fortifications. just need to learn more about Forward Operating Base ""When Where How"" etc.Well worth 20$ on sale. I would probly pay the whole 40, because i am enjoying it so much. NO ELO, NO MATCHMAKING JUST STRAIGHT GRIT.let this be said, i liked games in teh 90's/early 2000's.  when the focusof VG's was Gameplay not graphics."
,Recommended,393380,33907470,Posted: 30 July,all,pidgin,"Bring a micGraphics tend to get extremely pixelated on 1650 x 1050 monitors with antialiasing off, but too blurry with antialiasing on. Using Reshade helps but be preparedWell optimized for an Alph build, 45-60 fps on max settings with a GTX 1060 depending on the density of objects on screen.Dont be afraid to communicate and be sure to play your role. Kills dont matter at all"
,Not Recommended,393380,25738454,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Esketit,"Just buy arma instead, it's better lol"
76561198035745723,Recommended,393380,26571338,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Corn Master,"Squad will support up to 100 players in competitive multiplayer, very realistic and tactical gameplay, got to be one of the best fps on the market right now highly reccomended"
76561198199361445,Recommended,393380,26498295,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,HASH_BARRY_420,i got the game and every time i start it up i go and click on browse for server the game crashes so i have not ben able to play it yet and im vary disapointed
76561198067664727,Recommended,393380,24967891,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,DickChibbles,"Fantastic game, althought the framerate stays at 30-40 fps. VEry frustrating, even though it is playable.R9 390 i5 4460 8gigs of ramNot super high end but high end enough.I love the concept, and i enjoy the game so far, even with low fps, please devs work on fixing the frames! Ive spoken to people with nvidia cards at my quality and even higher, but no one yet has told me they have more than 40-50 fps. Still, i do reccomend since this is early access and it most likely will be looked upon."
76561198113347980,Recommended,393380,34201375,Posted: 12 August,all,Zac,This game is great just buy it.
76561198018406704,Recommended,393380,33122702,Posted: 2 July,all,[63] Pinhead,Not a bad game...
76561198046836501,Recommended,393380,22952525,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Ezzorath,"In the past two weeks I have decided Squad is the best game I have bought on steam for about a year. This shooter is absolutely amazing, it's not as buggy as Arma III and not as ridiculously complicated. It still offers a level of complicated gameplay that requires absolute communication among squad mates and squad leaders to take on and defeat enemy objectives. The game will take time, but not to much time, to start getting ""good"" at.PROS |- Great Graphics- Teamwork and tactical gameplay- A level of realism that isn't taken too far- Good Community- Active and very dedicated developers- Nice mechanics- Requires strategical and tactical thought, not ""run and gun""- Active game server admins that take care of teamkillers and hackers(have yet to encounter hackers)- Fortifying bases is possible with player-made structures- Classes are limited per squad, thus not to many snipers, nor to many rocket launchers or heavy machine gunsCONS |- Is an Alpha game, thus lacks some content (Lots of weapons, vehicles)- Only seven(or eight?) playable maps for now- May encounter issues with AMD computers that require fixes online.(See reddit /r/joinsquad)- Not for everyone, tactical gameplay and following orders are REQUIRED.- A decent amount of walkingIF YOU'RE WORRIED ABOUT VEHICLES AND OTHER THINGS NOT IN THE GAME YET |Vehicles are to be added in the next 2-3 months from what I have heard, but that could come later or earlier depending on how they work out the bugs. They are promising a lot, there is a wiki, and this game is not going to be just put down and forgotten about by the developers. More weapons are being added, and next patch they're adding mounted 50 Cal turrets. You will be able to rope down from helicopters, shoot from the inside of vehicles, and more. This game's going to be awesome, and already feels finished enough to me for a 60$ purchase."
76561198025429361,Recommended,393380,26570250,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Broken Orange,"A great tatical shooter if you have the patientce for it. It's not for everyone, but their is a rush in being a part of a massive battle. Communication is key, listen to your Squadleader, and be nice to your teammates."
,Recommended,393380,26570740,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Majicnanas,"Very fun game, where accomplishing even the smallest of things feels amazing.Buy it."
,Recommended,393380,26571240,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Keegers,"Even though its still alpha, as a long time BF2 PR vet this game shows great promise to living up to one of the best mods in existence! Would reccomend"
,Recommended,393380,30108707,Posted: 22 February,all,taemin,dont be that guy
76561198001432452,Recommended,393380,30110832,Posted: 22 February,all,Doc.ika,Very promising game that has great potential to be great. Would recommend getting.
,Recommended,393380,30158600,Posted: 24 February,all,eScrawl,"Squad lead told me to guard a post. 20 mins later I was attacked by a 1 whole squad then more followed up. Managed to hold them off till my quad and other ally arrived.  I got shot and die, Then I heard a medic yell ""Don't give up ♥♥♥♥ head, I'm coming to rescue you!"" As I get revived, I saw the medic, his squad lead and other 3 member. The 4 of them form a diamond shape to protect me and the medic. As soon as I get revive the squad 2 lead, told us to look for a cover. Once in the cover, the squad 2 lead told ""good job holding them off soldier."" he then proceeded to lay down on the ground and he told me. ""you can do what ever you want with my body, you deserved it."" I then proceeded to t-bag the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of him while his making sex noises. Best online game exp that happen to me 10/10"
,Recommended,393380,30326893,Posted: 4 March,all,CptUproar,"A great game concept with a ton of potention, but needs more optomization."
,Recommended,393380,30363916,Posted: 6 March,all,Captpickles,Already good.  Buy it on sale.  It's only going to get better.7/16/17 Really enjoy what the devs are doing with this game.  The new map Narva is like Cherno in DayZ and its urban combat forces maneuvering in tight spaces similar to Al Basrah but with more open area.  This ultimately forces you to watch several floors of multiple buildings so you don't get your head blown off while crossing the street.
76561198343232589,Recommended,393380,30516114,Posted: 14 March,all,MuscleMan,One of the best tactical shooters in early access it plays well just doesn't look all that good
76561198315677385,Recommended,393380,30597489,Posted: 18 March,all,A Frisky Panda,"One of my top fps games i have played, gunplay is fun ans sounds are amazing. cheap game but play it more then AAA titles"
76561198011862460,Recommended,393380,30599312,Posted: 18 March,all,Lanix,"This game is awesome, if you like simulation, its soo realistic.Sound is great and the feeling of real battle.one of the best things of this game is its comunity, everyone is commited to play the game comunicating and playing as a team, very few throlls and nonsence, they get banned rightaway.really enjoying the game"
,Recommended,393380,30639747,Posted: 20 March,all,Thief,I like your game but... YOUR GAME  IS ♥♥♥♥ING BROKEN RIGHT NOW so ♥♥♥♥ING FIX IT
,Recommended,393380,30657352,Posted: 21 March,all,Ritchie,The only thing that ruins this game is having a dysfunctional squad.
,Recommended,393380,30728524,Posted: 25 March,all,YEAH_BROTHER!!!,"It's a pretty good game. The whole aspect of having 2 platoons of opposing sides clash together to take over a certain area is something that really hasn't been done before with such perfection. The gameplay is surprisingly a bit realistic; you really need to have situational awareness and most of all, you need to serve your purpose in your squad. This is a game where going off on your own would be a sin. This game is all about teamwork, individual kills do not count. If you are a person who wants to play a game professionally, this is the one."
76561197998611274,Recommended,393380,30782330,Posted: 27 March,all,Claytortot213,This game has really come a long way since I first purchased it. It runs buttery smooth at 1440p and settings on Epic. It's fun and communication is key. The only problem is the amount of servers that are available. My hardware is i7 4790K 16gb ram and 980ti.
,Recommended,393380,29177519,Posted: 10 January,all,Danger Grouse,"**Early Thoughts**I bought this game tonight with high hopes. I wasn't let down. I'll post a proper review of this when I'm around the 250 hours mark (probably within two weeks the way I'm feeling right now) but this game is the real ♥♥♥♥ing deal.I can understand the negative things people have to say. I have a beast machine and it only just gets 100fps on ultra, around 60-70 in heavy firefights. I have experienced some weird glitches, like flying about 1 kilometer in the air after getting run over by our own teams vehicle, but that was GTA glitch levels of funny. The worst thing was the very first game I went into I seemed to get trolled by two sooka bleatr kids who obviously had no idea what they were upto and were team killing etc. Thankfully though, after the other 3 and a half hours I played, I never encountered anything like that again...For me, this is the sort of game where the small negatives simply dont matter. Its Alpha so go figure... but the moments of sheer madness, of completely losing your bearings after taking suprise fire from a hidden unit in a poppy field. Trying to call out to your team their position as you hit the deck, preying they don't spot you before you spot them again. It's a truly exhilerating gaming experience on a level I have never encountered before. Not even close tbh.If you are prepared to listen and communicate and truly work as a team (within a bigger team) towards an objective, then I seriously doubt you find a better game. Without exaggerating, I have dreamed of gaming like this, and this is the Alpha. The hit reg seems reasonable and I was playing a US server at one point, from the UK, with 90-100ping and very little lag. The players on the whole were friendly and helpful and I think the scale of the maps and sense of depth at the same time is staggering. You will feel claustrophobic on what is probably one of the biggest maps you have ever played on, it's bizarre and wonderful and totally addictive. I don't want to go to bed now D: :DIf you have the hours, the machine, a good attituded and the tactical brain to play this game, then please buy it and add me as a friend and lets go to war!! This might just be the FPS game you always dreamed of - I think it is mine :D Until Escape from Tarkov comes out at least XD"
76561198266893487,Recommended,393380,29351479,Posted: 18 January,all,WALKER,"good game , lots of room for improvements **"
76561198090360668,Recommended,393380,29483229,Posted: 25 January,all,Rommel,"I was walking in a small squad......HE SAID THE TITLE!!! WHAT A LAD!!!, and there was an American and a Russian arguing over their mics. Never have tensions been so high on a game. This game is not worth £30 at the moment. More like £15 seeing as its still in Alpha. But by far some of the best battles i've been in on any game. So, you should buy this game, but atleast when the price drops at some point. I"
,Recommended,393380,29498144,Posted: 26 January,all,RudeBoyTodd,♥♥♥♥ing PTSD.10/10
76561198060195344,Recommended,393380,29534320,Posted: 27 January,all,ΣΤ | Yungjud,"This game is absolutely beautiful. If you have ever desired the kind of intense and realistic firefights, tactics, and overall gameplay you believed ARMA would provide you without the difficulty or terrible performance it tends to provide, look no further than squad.It takes all of the elements that make arma great and then combines them with what makes battlefield great. Just look into it."
76561198020798646,Recommended,393380,29745220,Posted: 6 February,all,PhilthyPhil,So I have hit 100hrs and MAN!!I started playing this game when it had no vehicles and It was basically a running sim 70% of the time. The progression the Devs made in the past year kicks every Early Acces game's♥♥♥♥♥when it comes to dev work and improvements. I honestly enjoy this game and I highley recomend this game too anyone who like team based games. This game (Really it did) improved my people skills in real life because of the constant communication between you and your team mates. This game is really enough to give you PTSD. i just wish my friends could man up and buy this game as I would make easily make this my main game I play everyday11/10 I would Superfob the sh*t out of police station again
76561197975262715,Recommended,393380,29818480,Posted: 9 February,all,Baked Otter,GG!
76561198088373371,Recommended,393380,29911204,Posted: 13 February,all,RedBeard,love the feel of this game very authentic . community is not laways helpful exspecially towards new players . would still recommend this game.
,Recommended,393380,19779246,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,highTower,"Gameplay is really similar to TacticalBattlefield mod for ArmA3 - but without this install and check every mod procedures. Maps are well designed and provide challenging combat situations. Role-systems are good and easy to use. Compared to ArmA maps Squad looks a bit low detailed, yet.One major plus is the well working VoIP chat. That makes team based playing accessible for everyone on the server, even if you are new to MOUT-driven scenarios.Bohemia interactive should really work on the VoIP issues, that are broken since years. It's really am game-maker."
,Recommended,393380,19786067,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Excells,Fun game! Very team based which i like a lot and no lone wolf can carry a game. Work with your squad/team or loose the game. 40 dollars might be a bit steep for a early acess game but tbh im enjoying the game.
76561198061947479,Recommended,393380,19819564,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,B4DER,Amazing
,Recommended,393380,19823353,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Lucy,Good game.
76561197964257285,Recommended,393380,19828274,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Wally,"Great mixture between BF and ARMA.  Arma is too much realism, BF is too arcarde like..this hits a spot that has been missing for me."
,Recommended,393380,19857374,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,milkyman55,"This game is a beautiful work of art and is a combination of battlefield, arma, insurgency and it actually involves building FOB's (Foward Operation Bases) which is super fun to do. The 50 v 50 game play is insanely fun and certain server support even more players although they can get alittle laggy. I can get about 80 FPS on high settings (Specs down below). To take full advantage of this games squad system, you should use a mic but it is not needed. I was able to communicate with my squad without a mic which is nice. I highly recommend this game for people that like to work as a group and like realistic first person shooters. If anyone wants to play, friend me!Pros-Good graphicsRealistic gameplayLarge mapsLarge teamsGreat firefights between teams9 player squads ( keeps it small and easy to control squad)Cons-Could be more FPS friendlyNeeds more commands for the squad leader to giveWeapon attachmentsMore weaponsNeed to be able to customize your loadoutI do highly recommend this game.Specs-Processor - i7 5820k @3.30ghzRam- 32gb DDR4Graphics Card- EVGA gtx 980 tiOS- Windows 10PSU- Corsair CX 750wMotherboard- MSI X99S SLI PlusHDD- Single 2tb 7200rpm harddriveAnything im missing?"
,Recommended,393380,19867843,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,caveman1018,Love the game
,Recommended,393380,19896343,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Shady,"Its in Alpha so who knows where it'll end up but for now I have this. Its like the fun parts in Arma where you actually see combat instead of run around for 20 minutes to be killed from god knows where.....more often. The maps FEEL huge but in all reality you're only ever a few minutes from action. So far it seems like a very accurate simulation. I myself own and use firearms regularly and the guns feel great. For the features...there really arent any. Its essentially a few slightly different gametypes with no vehicles and a relatively confusing spawn system and class system. I wanted to be the sniper class but I guess the way the ""balanced"" the number of sniper classes in the game was only allowing one or two per squad ONLY if your squad is big enough AND only on the defending side (I think). Other than that it really is fun and scratches that super tactical shooter itch that I get every once in a while. Where I could sit in a bush just killing 5-10 people over an hour and still feel satisfied."
,Recommended,393380,19911437,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,@Smk_og,"Amazing tactical shooter.Pro's-Tactics Needed-Unreal Engine is awesome-Weapon Mechanics-Physics-Realism 10/10-Sounds are very immersive and can make you jump from time to time.Con's-Medic has no combat optic? WTF?-Game Optimization is BAD for AMD CPU's. For Intel It's amazing. I avg 75 Fps on i7 6700k with EPIC settings.Proof: I had a FX 8350 OC'd to 4.7 Ghz. Max FPS during games was 55 and it would tank as soon as the server filled up. AMD processors cannot play this game well currently.All in all, great first 20+ hours. Had an absolute blast! Looking forward to further updates."
76561198151700625,Recommended,393380,19922077,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,WalshY,"Been waiting for this game since its pre-alpha.Great purchase, one of the best realistic FPS games i have played to date, teamwork is brilliant in the game, everyone seems to be friendly to their team and work with eachother no matter what squad you are in.Would highly recommend buying this game."
76561198169984350,Recommended,393380,19926591,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,CelticWarlord,"love it, its wort every penny and its still only in early access"
,Recommended,393380,19957243,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,F I T C H Y,"The Community is what makes this game good...This game requires teamwork! If you refuse to talk to your squadmates or even your other teamates, it can lead you to almost certain defeat everytime!Firefights get really intense! The maps are huge! Weapons feel and sound good when shooting them off! Very realistic, one well place shot with any weapon can put you down in an instant and even then two will usually finish you off quickly as well. Oh and did i say explosions are awesome? You can take drawback fire damage and die from RPG's if your not careful enough!Trust me support the Devs by buying this game its well worth the $40 bucks at this early stage. The Devs are always trying to put out updates all the time!With the help of the community this game will surely become an amazing Massive Mulitplayer FPS Shooter!"
76561198014089238,Recommended,393380,19965389,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,☭Jaeger☭,The addition of mortars to Squad will be sure do improve your PTSD enducing experience!
76561198046951846,Recommended,393380,19980426,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,[HL] MrJ [UK],[Pros]-Lots of team work if you find the right server-Decent graphics-Huge map-Nice gun mechanics[Cons]-Spawn Campers-Graphic issues at distances-Can get boring/Requires patientsI would recomend this game to people that want to work as a team to take objectives and have fun while doing it but please learn how to give compass bearings it helps the team know where you are being shot from so they can help you.
,Recommended,393380,20038338,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,HaruTheNinja,"Really liking this game, currently as it stands the game is awesome and there's plenty more that can be added to make it even more enjoyable.  It will take a few games to get the overall feeling for this game. Aat first it was little difficult understanding the various mechanics because there isnt much of an in game tutorial. Youtube has most of the information you need on how to play the classes and how to get started. Once you get the basics and you find a server with a squad that is communicating, I think you'll experiance some of the most realistic combat situations in PC gaming. The environments are really amazing my favorite map being Fools Road. The render distance on players is very well done meaning that sniping and +1000m  is possible in this game.  The environment is actually useful and can be used a cover to stay hidden.  The little details like being able to underhand roll a gernade and the sound of it rolling in on you is really cool. The mechanic of building forward operating bases is really well done and adds even more emersion to the game. Having to manually construct a FOB allows each one to be a uniqure structure. Being able to baracade up a random building or just build a FOB from scratch in the middle of no where with sand bags is really cool.This game is worth the 40 dollar early access price. The dev's seem to be pretty active with updates and patches so this game looks like it will have a really bright future. This game is solid and definatly worth having in your library ASAP!"
,Recommended,393380,20055829,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,pancake,Like arma 3 but not♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198092354766,Recommended,393380,20103600,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Jarrodw,"Awesom game! still having problem with my AMD processer though:(hopefully its fixed soonfirst eperinence in the game. i join a squad.have no idea whats goin on but i go with the flow.finally work out the we are capping a base.we cap the base and move on while squad 1 holds the base.we are up in the hill our squad gets ambushed and shot to♥♥♥♥♥♥no one can save us.squad 1 mops up our mess and we all move tactially to cap the next objective.we cap and build a FOB around the objective just in time before we we ambushed.we sat in a firefight with the enemy for the next 30 minsoverall awesome game and awesome community, i just hope there doesnt become an influx of cod players thinking they know what to do.10/10 hopefully they will fix optimisation with AMD processers"
,Recommended,393380,20243573,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,R_o_r_y,"I mean its a good game, ish.If you want the game, get it. But its quite lacking, without vehicles theres alot of running and walking, got boring quick!personally i refunded the game, i like arma, i like insurgency, this not so much. i may re-buy it once its more developed, it is an Alpha after all.Buy it if you want it, otherwise wait until more is added, if anything the price will go down anyway - rathar than up."
,Recommended,393380,20280132,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,SnoIIygoster,"Currently in Alpha stage - Liking where the game is going, it's realistically slow - none of this fast action bull**** like in COD MP. Tactics ARE required and so is teamwork which makes the game a lot more interesting a fun to play."
,Recommended,393380,20442028,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,orb,"This game is completely about teamwork.It's a great game for milsim, and tactical work.If your looking for a serious MILSIM game to play with your clan, this is the one.Great game, definatly worth my $40.00"
,Recommended,393380,26598844,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Fred Verrat-U,Played it a year ago thought it was♥♥♥♥♥♥.... refundedfree weekend tryed it out again and boy oh boy did it get good ... bought it instantlytipp for beginners dont play squadlead until you know the basics and always stick and regroup to your squad ... and jes mic is kinda needed
,Recommended,393380,26600814,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Eric-In-WV,"I love this game, it makes you feel like a real soldier and really sucks you in. I played during the free weekend and the game made me purchase it. I am excited for whats to come with this game it has the potential to be great."
76561197977097621,Recommended,393380,26608477,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,LB | Dr. Jekyll and Mr High,It's good and getting better every day.
76561198166174907,Recommended,393380,26608866,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,KingKiller,great game recomend to everyone looking for a relistic military shooter
76561198210750072,Not Recommended,393380,21373125,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Emeraldpigeon20,Good ideas but needs alot of work
,Recommended,393380,21391035,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Cheddar Bob,This game is pretty damn playable for being an Alpha. Pretty intense combat and pretty graphics. I haven't really played Project Reality since I purcahed this if that says much..... BUY IT
,Recommended,393380,21393320,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Die,One of the few games I'll always come back to even though we only have an 8th of the finished game.
76561198077525609,Recommended,393380,21417151,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,SuperPussyGato,"First and foremost, you need to have a decent rig to have an enjoyable time on this game.Okay look, if youre reading this do yourself a favor and just purchase squad. The devs have done a lot better than battlefield devs at making a battlefield game. They keep up with the game and listen to the community! Which i mean what more can a player ask for? a realistic shooting game that will keep you on your toes, while doing an amazing job at incorporating teamwork. The best shooter of 2016 in my honest opinion. The sound, the explosions, the bullets whizzing over or snapping off in the distance, being able to locate an enemy just by the sound and muzzle flashes11/10"
76561198062703816,Recommended,393380,21629695,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Dr. Phil,"Fantasitic shooter. Reminds me of all the good times I had in Project Realit. Limited maps and factions, but I cannot put this game down for long. Good work devs."
,Recommended,393380,22131130,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,The Testiclops,"I really like squad, it has great potential as a mil sim fps. It's super early in development and a bit pricey, but with it comes a pretty stable netcode with none of that stutter or huge lag spikes a lot of multiplayer games are plagued with constantly, it does have it's moments but to me it's a really really great start. The gun play is pretty cool, I can't wait to see balistics get fully implemented along with the skeletal system. One thing I'm a bit lost about is the direction this game is heading I feel the devs could touch on that a bit more. updates are really slow but usually only have minor bugs that if game breaking are fixed almost immediately, there has been a pretty big gap in time between major content updates and for the most part the game is the same aside from minor balancing and cosmetic facelifts. So I really hope to see something big soon or im pretty sure this was just a money grab. All in all my conclusion is this is a great game with even greater potential, I do recommend it but with CAUTION!"
,Recommended,393380,22156208,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Heijermano,"Such a incredible and imersible game, a little bit expensive but i think for those who like war simulation games, this is THE GAME!!!!!"
76561198134825211,Recommended,393380,22292421,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,HongKongDollars,"So far, so good.  An amazingly visceral experience, in particular the audio."
,Recommended,393380,22330974,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,ExiledLie,"The game is aiming to be a modern update of Project Reality. So far is it on the right track. The game is far from feature complete, but what it has right now is solid."
76561198049032771,Recommended,393380,22404391,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,mojo354,Any Battlefield fan who wants more immersive battles and more tactical gameplay need this.Warning though if you have AMD be ready to tinker abit with the config files to get the beast to work.This is not designed for any run and gun player.
,Recommended,393380,22505984,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,[101st Signal] PFC Sisi,7/10 - Alpha10/10 - PotentialThis almost seems like an Arma 3 remake although I do not have a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of Arma 3 hours played. What I will say though is that this game is great. But it requires 100% team communication. Without coms you will be ♥♥♥♥ed. Trust me.It worth the buy if you are trying to get into a realistic shooter which requires a great deal of team strategy and communication.
76561198258660471,Recommended,393380,22507349,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Boneless Pizza,Very Very fun ( This game will give you ptsd ! )
76561197962368459,Not Recommended,393380,22597119,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Lupus,"OK, its  in the alpha phase, but ...The idea of this game is good, the problem is, its running so badly on any computer.And it seem like there is not much done to fix this low fps thingy.Second problem: HACKERS. They are on every F**** server and its obvious.There are some guys who alway spot und and shoot you, it doesnt matter how goodyou are hidden in grass, behind bushes and trees, they allways know where you are.And they suck so much at hacking, that they really don´t try to cover it up.Thats cause this game makes it easy for them, cause there is no spectator mode whereyou could see them shooting at enemies they can´t see and this game doesn´t show youwho killed you, so people don´t start to notice that guy XY is a hacker.This is extremely hacker friendly.I wish they would fix some of the problems first, to make the game run properly,before they add new stuff that makes it all worse.It´s the same situation we gamers have seen a hundred times.Gamer: ""We have a bad FPS problem, fix this first, then add vehicles""Devs: ""We will add a bunch of new stuff soon, FPS? lets see later maybe""Gamer: ""Nope, pls fix the FPS and major bugs first""Devs: ""We add new stuff""Gamer: ""pls dont ingore us""Devs: ""We are the devs""Get this title on you wishlist, wait how things are changing and buy when it´s playable."
76561198095412395,Recommended,393380,22655770,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Jaeger,"As a PR vet, Squad at it's current state just doesn't hold up. This, however, doesn't mean it isn't fun. Squad has the potential to not only assume the role of the go-to tactical shooter, but go above and beyond by adding things impossible in PR, and not being a ridiculous map of keybinds like ARMA 3."
,Recommended,393380,22667500,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,God of Spray and Pray,Fun game.
,Recommended,393380,22766599,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Asoldier,"Squad is what you get when you combine the tactical milsim Arma series, with the faster phased Battlefield series. The child of Battlefield 2: Project Reality, with a new engine, and better handling."
76561198194810633,Recommended,393380,24395811,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,c0penhagenman,I really enjoy playing this game.  The devs are really on point with keeping the community informed as well as providing multiple updates and addition to improve th quality of the game.  Very team based and communication is key.  Enjoy playing this game solo or with friends.
76561198078146332,Recommended,393380,24550604,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Purphoros,"I just experienced my first crash ever in this game and for Early Access I am really impressed. This game is a surprisingly fun shooter that lacks unhelpful ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and thank God for that.Squad is a team based tactical shooter that has been really absorbing and fun.  I enjoy the fact that most players have mics, are willing to follow squad leader orders and generally help the team.  Not every class is very entertaining to play though, I avoid grenadier due to my lack of knowledge on how to use it and no tutorial to teach it to me.  Due to the early nature of the game basic guidance on how to use certain classes is missing and controls are given on a loading screen. Because of the team nature of tactical shooters, I feel like experimenting is generally harmful to the team so I usually avoid anything I don't know how to play, often opting for medic or support gunner due to the easy of use and in the case of the medic little need to actually fight.Performance wise this game is pretty good with a nice stable 60 FPS on my Intel rig until some squad decides that smoke is a necessity for the entire map.  However if you have an AMD machine be warned, the engine for this game (Unreal 3 I think) has an odd bug which is causing absurdly low framerates on AMD systems wether graphics, CPU or both.  I experienced this myself with FX-8120 as my CPU and a GTX 970 for my GPU, and had low framerates dipping into the tens and maxing in the twenties with an average of ~13.  With the same GPU but with an i5-6600K I got the solid 60 I so very much love.  Some people will be fine with a lower FPS than others, personally I can't play games below 20 FPS and I saw massive improvements in my combat capabilities at 60 FPS. (This is why early on I was mostly played medic, as the quick close range engagements were impossible for me I stayed back and healed the fallen.)Overall this game has managed to keep me engrossed even when I was getting a meager 13 FPS and being destroyed by enemy players and that is mostly thanks to the player base.  Hardly did I join a squad and be yelled at for not playing very well  and the majority of the time I played it was with a supportive though often poorly performing team.  If you like tactical shooters, have a mic, and will to listen to your commander buy this game.(TL;DR) If you like tactical shooters, have a mic, and will to listen to your commander buy this game."
76561198068091424,Recommended,393380,20001055,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,ᴶᴼᴴᴺ ᴰᴼᴳᴱ,"Just Wow? And this Game is in Alpha? Good job again, Unreal!I honestly haven't enjoyed an FPS shooter as much as much as this in a long while. It's as if the best of everything has come together in one massive Shooter-orgy. But one thing this game has over the others is its realism. I felt so Immersed in the gameplay, taking orders from squad leaders, moving across the map to help other squads cap objectives. It wasn't all running and gunning, like you'd get in Insurgency for example (A very good game itself).I actually had to work with my squad. In other games, you feel invincible. As though you can lone wolf and nothing can hurt you. Not in this. You actually feel insignificant. Anyways, here are the good and bad points, simplified of course;GOOD POINTS -* It evokes an amazing response within the game. You feel like you're there!* People actually work together* There's less action, but when there is, God it gets your heart pumping* You don't want to die. In the likes of BF4, Insurgency and whatnot, You die willy nilly. Not in this* It's graphically BeautifulBAD POINTS -- Can be a little bit stuttery at times. I.e. zooming in- The textures can take a while to load in, but I imagine that is somewhat related to servers, PC specs and what not- There's not much in the way of ""How To"". If you get squad leader, and you don't know what you're doing. Be ready for hell-PING is a problem in the majority of serversBut remember people. It's Alpha. I can't wait for it to be polished and perfected, especially if it's this good already!"
88979645321456987,Recommended,393380,20025311,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Canadian_Bacon,"Arma but easily immersive. Great team work, and amazing sound and atmosphere. Everything I wanted and its only in alpha...So its been a while and they have added alot more polishing touches to the existing content plus some new stuff , emplacements, maps ...  Still the most realistic shooter there is and I highly recommend it to the arma, insurgency players out there. The only complaint is it needs more active players. The more the better.More players have joined now and the tactics are really shining through, beastly heavy caliber guns along with more and more access to weapons.. It only gets better..."
76561198119402373,Not Recommended,393380,20030145,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Will,"The concept is great, the game just runs very badly, even for an alpha. This takes away from the immersion and can make the game frustrating. I wouldn't recommend this in its current state, but if the game progresses well then it would definetly be worth picking this up when it is more complete"
,Recommended,393380,20055670,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Perri,"This game blew my expectations out of the roof. The graphics are great (apart from player models) the gameplay and gunplay feels great, and it's just so tactical and open world, lot's of fun."
,Recommended,393380,20101370,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,"Pvt. Dick, Little","Very poorly optimized especially with amd hardware. but really fun and looks like it has alot of potential, wait until it comes out in 2093EDIT: I recently upgraded my system so now i have a 6600k and im playing this game with 60fps..This game is amazing. 9/10. If you have a Intel and NVidia based system; BUY THIS GAME. It is extremely fun and for god sakes OWN A ♥♥♥♥ING MICROPHONE."
,Recommended,393380,20102983,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,drew,"Great Game if you like using Teamwork. If not, you should not buy. Cant wait to see  future Updates!"
,Recommended,393380,20107436,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,ohArmada,10/10 would be diagnosed with PTSD again
,Recommended,393380,20110401,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Fischer,"Intense fps action but with the taste of realism not found in other sims. If you love simulated combat this is it. If you dont function as a squad and strategise you will not achieve victory, requires heavy team tactics!"
,Recommended,393380,20138323,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Redi,yes
,Recommended,393380,20150035,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,infZ-,A diamond which is rough around the edges but keeps getting better and better
76561198035774666,Recommended,393380,20151821,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Canadian Kyle,Smiley Best Game Ever.Best Class Medic.10/10
,Recommended,393380,20217873,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Wimpo,"Squad is a unique blend of mil-sim that can't really be compared to anything else.But if you must, then:- It's prettier than Project Reality- It's more action orientated than ArmA- It's as tactically stimulating as Rainbow 6 and SWAT used to be- It sounds better than BF4 (seriously, the sfx are amazing)I was hesitant about the price point like so many others, but it is the best £30 I spent on games in 2015 (and I only bought it in the last week). Worth every penny."
76561198056084630,Recommended,393380,20282834,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,David Spade,All I hear is screams for help........ also ♥♥♥♥ you howie
76561197972397759,Recommended,393380,20291376,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Preacher Of The Rock,"Really enjoying the gameplay in this one.   Closest thing I’ve found to playing airsoft with a squad that actually (in most cases) works together and communicates.   Sure you get a Rambo or some TK-ing idiot once and awhile but overall people are working together pretty tightly from what I’ve seen so far.My biggest complaint at this point is the lack of free look but i've heard several people mention it's on the road map and should be added soon.   Really the only other thing it could really use is more filtering & sorting on the server browser, but let’s face it, that’s a minor annoyance.    Going to be interesting once vehicles are added, I hope it doesn't change the dynamics too much because this is pretty spot on right now!  Price is also a little high, but I’ve already purchased my two copies (myself and for my wife) so that’s water under the bridge for me and the price point might be helping keep the trolls at bay for now.With the addition of Squad to my Library, FallOut 4 just got put in the closet for a while."
,Recommended,393380,20367832,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,stickysalamander,excellent game. wasn't sure on the alpha purchase but if you like arma/RO you will love this game.
76561198093445097,Recommended,393380,20389465,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Comical_Deer,"I just stumbled upon this game, never seen a review from it, so I just impulse bought it. So far not disappointed. It's only in alpha and there are a few bugs, but nothing that ruins the game play of it. All I have to to say is WOW!!"
76561198020135341,Recommended,393380,20421140,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Zerowbe,FPS which incorporates teamwork/competetive gameplay with realism. I highly suggest you try this game out. It IS in Alpha and sometimes there is trouble joining servers but its all worth it.
76561198083004278,Recommended,393380,20422717,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,pickle rick,one of the best fps
76561198029731884,Recommended,393380,20474107,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Nubeiron,Probably best tactical team based shooter i have played before.
,Recommended,393380,20480814,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,colef2222,"TL;DRA wonderful step forward for the hardcore first person shooter genre, Squad provides engaging teamplay and very unforgiving but rewarding combat.Here's one example that truly sold me and had my support:Our team, the militia, had fifty tickets and one location left to capture. I was a rifleman looking for a flank with one of our medics and a LMGer (Idk how to call it). About three minutes of an army crawl away from the frontlines we recieved orders from our squad leader. ""No more spawning, we don't want any more deaths and any more ticket loss, we want to drain them. medics will do what they can to get you up."" Five minutes go by and we only lose two tickets, and we had reached our destination. A whole enemy squad dug down the hill and into a compound, firing at anything that moved. Fortune was upon our trio, as we had lines of sight  that were clear and not many hiding places. We asked what we should do to the squad leader, and he replied to take out as many as we could. The LMGer and I got into a firing position and started laying down as many rounds as possible. I started firing at any ones that started looking our way and soon enough we had a grenade explode close to me and taking out the medic. We had their full attention and no medic. We fought off them for a tad bit before the LMGer went down. His last words were before he died ""Well I know I aint gonna respawn cause I aint no ♥♥♥♥♥"". As I started laughing and laying down cover for our teams final approach on the point we won the game with roughly fourty tickets left. GG's were said from both sides and compliments were given to all that didnt respawn and held it out till the end. I've never been more suprised to have people listen to do what they are being told to do in a videogame before, and always communicate to be abenefitand not a burden."
76561198076636549,Recommended,393380,26587610,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,redbaron126,Good game for teamwork.Lots people who dont recommend are people who want a fast paced shooter like cod.You have to understand that this is a game that takes cooperation and time but is extremly rewarding.
,Recommended,393380,26589795,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Akis,"Yea, I think you should go buy Infinite Warfare instead."
,Recommended,393380,26606135,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,!MAD! IGOR KAZIMIR farmskins.com,"If you want be a soldier in a future, go for it!10/10"
76561198067206611,Recommended,393380,26608396,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Zeltic01,"This game is a great early access title with a lot of potential. It is a very realistic game with a little bit of a learning curve, the community is nice and fun to play with and you will learn alot from people. I bought this game for $20 which is a complete steal for this amazing game. $40 is a bit much though as it is still in early access/ alpha and has its fair share of bugs. But none of them i have seen are game breakling. Solid 8/10"
,Recommended,393380,27387624,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,IncRaven,Do you enjoy never seeing the enemy before you are shot?Do you enjoy running for 10 minutes only to be killed by a single bullet?Do you enjoy a game where everyone is yelling over the coms about pointless memes?Then Squad is the game for you!
,Recommended,393380,27903071,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,WeltKriegDrei,I love this game. Its a better project reality. I would 100% recommend this game. (Better than Arma 3...)
,Recommended,393380,27977384,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Kyleesi,"Saw the guys at hat films play this, wasnt sure on it then but in a weekend i managed to get ten hours into it.. which for me is a lot. In my opinion its got a far better online than call of duty and the comunity that play it couldn't be better!EDIT: and the fact its still just in alpha just amazes me"
,Recommended,393380,27988917,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,CommissarKip,"Looking for a game that has the realism of project reality but doesn't have the grognards of ARMA3? Then look no further!Small unit focus, fast, intense. The♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,393380,27991596,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Mystery™,"Honestly one of the most intense, FPS games I've played in Awhile. The game really pulls you in and gives you these senerios where you need to react quick and provide the most support for your squad and the other squads on your team. Overall I rate 8 out of 8 mate!"
76561198161877542,Recommended,393380,28153928,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,militant,If tactical shooters are your thing then this should be in your game library. Great game.
76561198216342109,Recommended,393380,28184879,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Grim,>buy squad>think you're a bad♥♥♥♥♥cuz PRBF2 and Arma 3>join game>bullets whiz past you head>die>respawn and see your whole squad get mowed down>become medic because>walking with squad>all die in the flash of a light>last one alive>stress to revive everyone while killing talihads>techi rolls upoh♥♥♥♥.jpg>executes the rest of you>get ptsd because you coulden't save your squad10/10 I go to the shrink daily
,Recommended,393380,28694273,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Nilop,"It has lots of potential and at this time is a great game overall. It provides a realistic atmosphere while staying simple to play, but still could use some work to meet perfection. It's playable and fun!"
76561198220197884,Recommended,393380,28695679,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Blackhawk,"be me, a medic in the middle of our desert base. someone gets hit.""MEDIC!!! OH GOD I DONT WANT TO DIE!!''runs over to him while telling him hes not gonna die. revives him.""THANKS DOC I-""he gets shot in the head as soon as i revive him.10/10 would play the desert version of d-day again."
76561198240590676,Recommended,393380,28706581,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Undead Sin,boss game absolutly love this game
76561198284341877,Recommended,393380,28788528,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,[38NC.H] meinradgamer,"I've had the game for only a few days at the time of this review. To all who see this post and keep reading, I have two words for you. BUY IT! I love this game!It's one of the best war games that I have ever played. Well worth the money. The gameplay is fantastic, and the soundtrack is beutiful, as I could lisen to it over and over. Also the graphics are out of this world good. But above all else, the one thing that keeps me playing this over other games like say Arma, or Operation Flashpoint is the community. Sure there are a few bad ones here and there, but over all the people are great to play with. If you are new, everyone tries to help you out, and the conversations people have inbetween firefights are great fun.There are few games that I give a 10/10. This is one of them. So let me say this again for the record, BUY IT!"
76561198066669748,Recommended,393380,28809257,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Syncronin,"A really good tactical shooter, better than many others in a really long time. Mind you I am a fan of games such as RO2, RS1 and RainbowSix Siege. It is updated every few months which keeps me coming back for more.-Gunplay and gameplay in general is awesome, needs a few fixes here and there, but it does not make it unplayable. Gameplay becomes even better when one communicates with teammates, which allows people to know whats going on in game.-Sounds for the guns, vehicles, and explosives cause my ears to ring and bleed sometimes, it's that good.-Graphics are very good for such a game. Ambient settings, terrain, player models, explosions and the like look great and the game at points can look like real life combat footage (if you really look at it lol).It's currently state is very good, however you can tell it's an early access game for sure. It doesn't take away from the fun though, so if you're on the fence about this game I would take in mind what type of gamer and what time of game you're looking for.If you're into:-Role playing ( to a certain extent).-Simulation/tactical combat mechanics.-""Realistic gameplay""-Constant communication with fellow teammates.-Long games depending if your team works together or not.-Calling in arty (only mortars at time of this revised review).-Yelling in frustration at other squads and squadmates.This game is for you."
,Recommended,393380,28821721,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Madball,"So far I have put about three hours into Squad. I see great potential and future plans for this game. Great game. One word to say. Teamwork. Squad is not your typical first person run and gun, it's more tactical and enjoyable.8/10"
76561198354333114,Recommended,393380,28840816,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Deadass,If you are into military/squad simulation then you will enjoy this.
76561198143876397,Recommended,393380,28869981,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,middle_finger,i like the game
,Recommended,393380,28940699,Posted: 2 January,all,DABdabDAB,"Coordinate.have funclusterfukGood teamatesfriendly peopleyou need friends to start playing this, u already got a friend and thats ur squad."
,Recommended,393380,29368574,Posted: 19 January,all,[2.FJg]Dough Boy-Gefr,"Fantastic military simulator, heavy tactical focus. realism is crazy"
,Recommended,393380,29424546,Posted: 22 January,all,IngNor,"Made by gamers, for gamers. As a long time player of BF2 Project Reality, I can now say Squad can stand on its on two feet. They had to crawl, before they walked. Now they are hitting the field in a full on sprint. The game is amazing. The community is amazing. The devs actually listen to the community. Whats not to love? I hear people say they are turned off by the MilSim aspect of this game. Let me tell you right now that this game, although based on warfare, is NOT really a MilSim. It's like the best combination of realism and casual. You can pick up anytime, hop in a squad, and go to war. It's definitely not ARMA, but thats not a necessarily bad thing either. As a huge ARMA fan I can say whole heartedly that SQUAD fills a void that ARMA 3 just can't seem to satisfy. I would recommend this game for anybody interested in teamwork, modern combat, and a sense of constant danger when outside the wire.Buy it."
,Recommended,393380,29479431,Posted: 25 January,all,Pachibok,"Fun game if played with friends mainly , didn't really try to play alone"
76561198098413375,Recommended,393380,29494886,Posted: 25 January,all,YaBoiDinkleberg,"It's a blend of Arma style tactics and Battlefield style action. At one point i was prone behind a wall because there was a ton of MG fire going over me, soon io realized that the MG was actually directly on ther other side of the wall and was shooting over me at my comrades. I managed to get around the wall, still prone, and shot him in the back of the head, execution style. It was glorious."
76561198077376414,Recommended,393380,29520420,Posted: 27 January,all,SnowingBullets,"One of the most underrated games i know. In this game you WILL find team work, good combat situations, and no 12 year olds screaming over the mircophone. This game does what alot of games can't and it's a indie game. I highly recommend this game if you are looking for a realistic shooter, and you won't find anything like this in games like arma and battlefield."
,Recommended,393380,29556881,Posted: 28 January,all,uW | [Yoloman]Ricky'sCoffey,"Can't shoot through water, sounds are loud as ♥♥♥♥, and it's fun as hell. Realistic and scary as ♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,393380,29583517,Posted: 30 January,all,Drama Llama,best mil-sim ever if you don't have this game and youre into mil-sims youre missing out bruh
,Recommended,393380,29589594,Posted: 30 January,all,RoboJesus,ok
,Recommended,393380,29591608,Posted: 30 January,all,Butterlord,"A War Story That I Will Always Remember.There my squad was,me as the medic, running from cover to cover popping smoke and reviving my fallen squad members.Our quiet, but powerful Centurion who always managed to get the job done when a BTR showed up,SirSheniqualaquisha who was the jokester of the squad but was a true marksman, with the highest recorded kills of the squadPainapple, our other medic that I could always count on to get the guys I couldn't and even pick me up.All led by our loud-mouthed, crazy leader peterm, that we would die in battle for.We had secured a village on the road and had dug ourselves in, having built an FOB and had taken positions in the shrubs and building along a river crossing where we presumed the enemy were coming. We were the only squad up north, all the other squads were in a stalemate with the russians over an objective. Some of us wanted to go break the stalemate but we knew if we lost our objective we would crumble.So we held and waited.There was a few spread out gunfire, nothing SirLaquisha couldn't handle. We decided to push up, our squad leader warning us if anything happens fallback to the fallback line. We agreed and made our way to a poppy field. Suddenly gunfire was all around us, the enemy was coming for our objective Pain went down, as did Centurion, then Sir went down in a flurry of shots. It was just me and peterm. We threw all our smokes and made the long crawl back. peterm saw them first. There was at least three squads that got to the river crossing so we sprinted back and at this time the other guys had spawned at the FOB and had taken position. Gunfire started going off in the village while me and peterm sprinted back.We made it to the edge of the village when peterm gets shot. There was a soft thud and he went down in front of me, he yelled  ""♥♥♥♥ing run!"" and I ducked into the closest hovel as he went down on the road. I peeked a small window and saw a enemy squad on the other side of the road on top of the hill. They didn't notice me, thinking peterm was the only survivor. But I realized that I was surrounded. The only door was the one facing them so I sat on the inside of the doorway, gun at the ready. I told my squad with a shaky voice, guys I'm surrounded, but they don't know I'm here. I think I'm a goner. There was a moment of silence until my squad leader yelled out ""alright boys let's go save our ♥♥♥♥ing medic!"" there was a silent agreement and then the most intense firefight I've been in.We held the objective from 3 squads and a BTR and it was glorious. The rescue mission failedbut by god was it close.So what are you waiting for soldier? Get out there and ♥♥♥♥ing squad up!"
76561198055529490,Recommended,393380,29596015,Posted: 30 January,all,marshkie,"This is basically my dream game: all of the teamwork and communication of a milsim shooter, with out the insanely complicated controls and mechanics- very easy to get into, with a ton of depth. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants an exciting, team-based shooter."
,Recommended,393380,29601925,Posted: 31 January,all,Doctor Orpheus,"A nice middle ground for players looking for something more realistic than Battlefield but with faster pacing and smaller scope than Arma. Looks and plays great for a game from a small developer; updated frequently, good community."
76561198134749280,Recommended,393380,29637479,Posted: 1 February,all,Terra.Nova,"Best realistic FPS I ever tryed. Game still under developement, but from a month to other brings aswesome new maps, vehicles, weps or new animation systems.  Absolutly no regrets buying it from early stage dev."
,Recommended,393380,29645708,Posted: 2 February,all,Thraqs,"This game is the most realistic FPS I have ever played. It is a very slow paced game that takes a little to get used too, especially for me because I play CS:GO. If you play this game like other FPS games such as CS:GO or COD, you will die alot. This game takes positioning, teamwork, and communication to win the game."
76561197970971263,Recommended,393380,29705530,Posted: 4 February,all,ήεατσ,I liked the beta. Can't afford the full release.
,Recommended,393380,29763651,Posted: 7 February,all,kickedbyconsole,"In a nutshell, Arma 3 with a better engine and better optimization.Only buy this if you are into military simulations and kick♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,393380,29793282,Posted: 8 February,all,Spectre,"single-handedly the best Team based shooter out there.You are doing yourself a disservice if you are a fan of FPSs and you don't own this game.Even in early access, I've gotten so much more out of this game than I have out of any ""finished"" AAA FPS in the past decade.Just be warned; there is a learning curve and the entire game is based around teamwork.  Don't expect to be a lone wolf in this game."
76561198271105938,Recommended,393380,29832930,Posted: 10 February,all,Unluckymonster,"My good old BF2 mod ""Project Reality"" memories are reviving up."
,Recommended,393380,29832945,Posted: 10 February,all,[F!] Pezzo-San,"Really good alpha, very nice community, I'm looking forward to the next improvements and features.Of course it's an FPS oriented to be realist so if you don't like walking to miles, play as a squad and listen order it wont be for you."
76561198121402056,Recommended,393380,29846690,Posted: 11 February,all,Rip_Dawg_The_Veteran,"Nutshell: Best firefights, intense combat, allways being improved, friendly & helpful players, great graphics. What more could you ask for? Obviously a free copy ;)"
,Recommended,393380,30017340,Posted: 18 February,all,Fw.Laidoner[FJR.420],refund infinite warfare for this game
76561198009414482,Recommended,393380,30401749,Posted: 8 March,all,Jsd789,"This is a great game, lots of fun if you're into the milsim field of gaming. Unique team dynamic as well."
76561198031386807,Recommended,393380,30513145,Posted: 14 March,all,[TLR] IcemanZ,I absolutely love this game! Together with the [RIP] clan I'm in it's a total blast! Emmersive in every aspect. Active devs although I wish they'd keep the hype for example of V9 a little more silent. But I get their position and unforseen obstacles. Keep it up!
76561198238146556,Recommended,393380,30591467,Posted: 18 March,all,Lt.Dan,Honestly i have right now 176 hours in alot of people say they havent delevered on there promises but they are slow but they are i highly recomend this game to anyone that likes team work and some hard work you are going to need some free time to play this game in full the shortest round ive had form start to end was 40 mins and theres a max time of i beleve of 2 hours and 30 mins but i may be wrong on the 30 mins i dont beleve ive ever pesonaly had one go for the max time.pros- Highly realistic- Fun time when with a good group- Its realistic but its still fun to play- cough cough no exo suits- mostly friendly peopleCons easy to list theres very little- Game goes on sale alot now that probly seems like a good thing until you start playing and then you have a squad lead that just runs in like cod or 50% of people playing battlefield and then for everyone in the squad it becomes running sim 2017 and they refuse to turn over lead to someone who knows how to play im not saying there all like this but some or ive seen it go both ways ive joined with 3 buddys of mine and the guy was kind enogh to turn it over to me.-Can very easly go from war sim to running sim 2017 even with good squad lead but plz dont ♥♥♥♥♥ and whine if you start to ♥♥♥♥♥ that you have to run a little to people like me and my friends that had to run the hole thing before there were vehicles you will get a new ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ riped thats more of a warning but just dont be that guy.If any of yall want to send a friend reqest so we can play im down for that
,Recommended,393380,30618822,Posted: 19 March,all,Spartanian,Trust me. When I said this game is good for teamwork gameplay. It really is. Well except for some lonewolf player that ended getting themselves killed in the fray. Overall the game is nice. Optimisation is not that bad. Still got a lot of time for improvement.
,Recommended,393380,30895262,Posted: 2 April,all,Slugger,"Squad has incredible graphics, sound and gameplay, its a must buy for all serious tactical shooter fans.Would recommend!"
76561198079666535,Recommended,393380,30971300,Posted: 5 April,all,zlakob,Best game ever !
,Recommended,393380,31053058,Posted: 9 April,all,Mustard,"great game, only thing i hate is that theres no way to get a car if your not team leader as they ignore you 99% time"
76561197966478626,Recommended,393380,31053267,Posted: 9 April,all,L' Machiwi,PROJECT REALITY (battlefield 2)  IS BACK!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,393380,28803764,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Jack,"Squad has proven itself to be the most realistic, enjoyable, and team-based games on the market. In three days, I put 18 hours into the game. It is ridiculously addicting and fun.The videos I watched on the game made me cautious about making a purchase, but there is nothing like actually getting into the game and playing it yourself.The communication is perhaps the greatest part of Squad. Whether you're leading or following, you feel connected to your squad.The gun play is magnificent, it wasn't until my third game that I finally got a hang of what I was doing and started getting kills. Laying down suppressing fire on tree lines and enemy smokes, lighting up enemies with the last mag of my M4A1 while my squadmates stand by my side.I didn't even know the game was in Alpha until after I bought it, I've noticed so few bugs that I was certain it was a final prodcut.The graphics are spectacular, I was nervous about getting this game because I wasn't sure if I could run it based on the other reviews here. I have an AMD processor and on launch having AMD was unplayable. Upon spawning into a game I have 90FPS and gradually it evens out at an extremely playable 30-40FPS with minimal dips to 26FPS when both teams are just going at it 100%.I play the game at Epic settings at 1080p with 2x rendering. (In other words the graphics can't get any higher than this :))Here are my specs:Processor: AMD FX-6300 @4.5Ghz (Cooler: Hyper 212 EVO)Motherboard: MSI 970A SLI Krait EditionGraphics Card: EVGA GeForce GTX 1060 6GB SSCRAM: 2x4GB G. Skill Ripjaws X Series 1600MhzSSD: Samsung 830 Series Pro 120GBHDD: Toshiba 1TB 7200RPM10/10 Would recommend."
76561198143002618,Recommended,393380,28806519,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Truthtold,A must have for fps fans.
,Recommended,393380,28867642,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,oKemox,"Awesome game, fun to pass time and also competitve.9/10"
76561198092570615,Recommended,393380,28925801,Posted: 1 January,all,Marko Marko Marko,"It's still alpha, but it's good as if it's finished game. Excellent atmosphere if you have good squadmates. I wish there is more maps."
76561198146691877,Recommended,393380,29038532,Posted: 5 January,all,Wild_Wheat,"I have only played this game for 8 hours, but it is one of the best games I've played.Our squad had nine people, we managed to get the BTR to destroy to enemy vehicles on the train bridge. Squad leader tells us to take cover on the bridge. Gunshots everywhere.""Medic! I cut my♥♥♥♥♥♥off... didn't think I needed it so I sewed it to my arm.""10 out of 10 would sew a soldiers♥♥♥♥♥♥back on."
76561198149721205,Recommended,393380,29068305,Posted: 6 January,all,SkiNnyE,lots of good fun
76561198030848028,Recommended,393380,29075209,Posted: 6 January,all,General McMuster,Combat footage simulator 20XX
76561198050245380,Recommended,393380,29155370,Posted: 9 January,all,Spunky Poptarts,"Playing as the Taliban with no chance of winningMy SL says ""Anyone up for an Allahu Akbar suicide charge""...sure...""SL:""LALALALALA""39 men died that day""Best community ever""-some other dude on Steam"
,Recommended,393380,29261725,Posted: 14 January,all,DirtyGabe #VegasStrong,"I absolutley love this game! It's the best and most realistic war game I have ever seen.Graphics: 100/10 (side note: I got this game on my old laptop and it sucked really bad and was very laggy, now I have a NVIDIA video card I am abe to run it in full settings.)Gameplay: 100/10Overall: 1000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000/10I LOVE THIS GAME A LOT!!!!!!"
76561198132666297,Recommended,393380,29387045,Posted: 20 January,all,Killjoy641,This game is a blast! Awesome community to help you learn everything about the game!
,Recommended,393380,29547486,Posted: 28 January,all,Viperio,"This game at its current stage in my opinon is stable FPS is good havent encountered any serious game breaking bugs. Also, the community in this game is second to none, friendly players who help one another out from teaching someone the controls of the game to a beginner to giving contrutive feed back to a squad leader if he's not doing his job properly. Would recommend this game to those who love team work based, stratagey, FPS, and Military Simulation type games !"
,Recommended,393380,29591080,Posted: 30 January,all,Squirrel,"This game is just awesome!!!!!! If you're looking for a somewhat more realistic fps shooter but not too complicated than what's out there right now like BF1, the Cod games, and ARMA, this is the game for you.BTW I believe the DEVs for this game made a MOD called Project Reality with BF2 in the past. Honestly I'd still be playing PR instead of this game if PR ran on the same engine as this. Seeing what they were able to do with PR, SQUAD is only going to get better and better.So I do recommend this game!10/10 I would yell jibberish after launching an RPG again."
,Recommended,393380,25065088,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,knoxy5467,mix of battlefield 2 and arma.... mostly good only the usual pre alpha rough edges that they are dilligently getting rid of good game would recommend
76561198118580574,Recommended,393380,25065438,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Lancelot,"Loving it, excited for the games future!"
76561198180191233,Recommended,393380,25077389,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,ALL DAY,Most realistic schooter out there.
,Recommended,393380,25080675,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Jimmy Gallons,"Great game,If your a fan of the OG Ghost recon, then this is 100% your game,Great action slow paced with a very realistic setting,Seems to be running around 95% on the new 7.2 alpha hotfix. id say more immersive than arma 3"
76561198105352574,Recommended,393380,25103496,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Snake Shit,"My squad is walking through a green field, the bushes are about up to my waist. All of the sudden the entire treeline lights up in front of me. My squad leader screams ""GET DOWN"" I rush up to a wall and put my lmg onto its tripod. I start firing into the treeline as green tracers fly out of the trees. Then my screen goes completely black. The medic revives me and I'm back into the fight. THen my framerate goes to 10 fps.In my short time playing this game I had a lot of fun. Real military strategy (kind of), fun firefights. This game is a innovation in modern military shooters/milsims. HOWEVER, because of the limitations of either the game or my pc. I have a 960 M so I have no clue whether it is me or the game but my framerate is always 35 until I get into a gunfight. Then its like 10. So this is a fantastic game but pc limitations keep me from having the best experience."
,Recommended,393380,25103742,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,ellaney,"This game is either 10/10, or a 7/10, and it depends entirely on the people you play it with.I just finished a round with a fantastic SL who was placing RPs and FOBs and giving orders, generally being an effective leadership element, and fighting alongside us.The game before, my SL sat back at base, laughing over the radio about how stupid we looked as we were cut down by effective enemy fire.I enjoyed the former game so much that I joined the unit that the SL was in, just to play with him (and people like him) more.I left the latter game early with a bad taste in my mouth.Regarding the bare-bones game, in a vaccuum devoid of community ""problems"" and ineptitude, it has problems, but of course it does. It's an alpha. We've been playing Early Access games for five years now that have never left alpha, to the point that we're all cynical about them. Squad is a game that threatens to break the trend of poor Early Access Alpha games. It threatens to break the trend of military simulators being too difficult to get into. It threatens to dominate the military sandbox shooter genre, and without Scooters McGee sitting on a hill laughing as his team dies leaderless, it might just do so.TL;DR, yes, you should buy Squad. Yes, you should play with your friends/clan. Yes, you should accept that an alpha build of a game will have a few problems. Yes, you should suck it up and deal with it, so that you can appreciate Squad for what it is: an ambitious, surprisingly fun attempt to make a game that we have largely shaped. Or misshaped."
76561198258020993,Recommended,393380,25124617,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,hapy bean,love this game its only in alpha and already amazing if you like tactical milsims then youll love this game
,Recommended,393380,25168271,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Doudy,"The game itself resembles an early access ARMA III with less features no doubt, the thing that got me in was the hop in and play mindset, no leaderboards, no ranking system, just plain gameplay although stats could be a handy feature to be added. And with a learning curve on the lower end, you'll get a hang of the game in no time.Although the game itself is easy to get a grip on, to win you will still have to communicate properly, and coordinate accordingly in order to success and enjoy the game's potential to the fullest.Downsides of this approach is perhaps a dumbed down experience for those who got used to ARMA III or similar genre games and the price of the game itself doesn't fit the early access tag which usualy dictates the trend of lower priced games, this all, wrapped up in a clusterf*ck of stuttering FPS even for high-end rigs like mine, fatal errors which myself I had to troubleshoot for few hours, doesn't portray the game in it's best light.Overall the game is still worth the purchase, albeit all beforementioned shortcomings or in my case I'd be calling it an investment, but you should be having the right mindset when purchasing games of this type and have little to no expectations (due to it being early access) otherwise you'd be disappointed.Rating 7.5/10"
,Not Recommended,393380,25182535,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Wade Wilson,"Joined a server, joined a squad, asked what we were doing. Was yelled at for not knowing what was going on. Was ridiculed because I bought the game on sale. Went to a different server, basically the same thing because I didnt know how to play yet.Community is toxic and elitist in my opinion. Returned the game. Would not recommend."
,Not Recommended,393380,25205492,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,abbos_stink,"Taking into account that this game is early access, it's great.The deal breaker for me here was slow character movement (yes I realise this is a mil sim) it just happens to be a big deal to me.The other issue I have is vision. Trying to Aquire a target has to be the hardest thing in the entire game.Being so realistic has its downside, once you are downed you are in big trouble if playing with people who don't like to utilise the medic class. You will literally choose between death and 10mins walking at a painfully slow pace or preying for a medic before you bleed out and get to walk the 10 mins you were trying to avoid in the first place.IMHO it needs work and a bigger community, but could possibly develop into the most realistic and intense FPS we have ever seen.Thanks to the devs for all their work. I'm really hoping you can iron out some of these issues."
,Recommended,393380,26749985,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,FrontierGamer,"If you enjoy a team based, realistic FPS then this game i for you.Story Time...So I was a squad leader, and I had ordered to flank an enemy position that was giving us trouble. So we start to push in and the other squads are about to breach...We didn't know that. The come in guns blazing and long story short I am standing in the middle of about 8 friendly bodies trying to recover from the fire-fight.11/10 would shoot again"
,Recommended,393380,26750638,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,A Slightly Bruised Banana,"This game is exactly what I have been looking for!!!- Very Strong Team Gameplay-Comunnication is a must-Great Maps-Great Guns-Great Gameplay-Great Community, these people are so nice to help you get started even if you are a total begginerI would say this is a great mix between Arma, Project Reality, and Insurgency.If you dont have this game yet Buy It NOW !!!!!!"
,Recommended,393380,26753937,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,blizzard,"I have always been a fan of military style games, having my first go at them with BF1942; loved it and played the heck out of it. This would essentially continue for the all the BF franchise minus a couple releases and the latest BF1. I've also dabbled with COD, Insurgency and ARMA. What I enjoy about Squad is is it's mixture of BF, Insurgency and ARMA making it a challenging, but fun game to play. Having tried Project Reality back in the day, I saw many similarities and then learning the devs came from PR I was excited.As for the game itself, I can't comment on all aspects of it as I've only played a hair under five hours, but in those five hours I've already experienced some cool moments. Squad requires teamwork to succeed so keep that in mind. Communication is a big part of that, so definitely have a mic available. Yes, you can use type to chat, but really, help yourself and fellow team mates out by getting a mic. There is a bit of a learning curve, which I'm still nailing down, but once you start learning how to play, times will definitely be more enjoyable.This is still an early access game so bugs are being worked out and content is still being added. All I can say is at this point it's a good game to buy. I was lucky to have snagged it at 50% off after having it on my wishlist for months, but I would still buy it at full price.. obviously because its a great game, but the devs are also very involved and you can definitely see this game going somewhere."
,Recommended,393380,27124767,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BattleBorn,"Hey, it's pretty good!"
,Recommended,393380,27202325,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Eviction Notice,i can shoot people without feeling bad10/10
,Recommended,393380,27422423,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,VenomGT,"You want an intense MMO Schooter that is good?Well, here you go!"
76561198122123471,Recommended,393380,27745896,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Actual Rampage,"I enjoy the teamwork, alot of games now a days lack the fan base that are willing to call out strats and get immeresed into the game keep it up!"
76561197987307425,Recommended,393380,27750621,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Krawdad,"Squad offers an addictive mix of high-octane combat and realistic mechanics that is unlike anything I have ever experienced. No other game captures the sheer chaos of combat like Squad does. Absolutely worthy of the ""Whoooaaaaaaa, dude!"" Steam Award.Teamwork is essential to enjoying the game to its fullest, so if you bristle at the thought of following the orders of your squad leader and don't want to lead a squad yourself then this game is likely not for you. The vast majority of people I have come across are very willing to answer questions and explain any orders if asked politely. Most are not military tryhards who will be screaming jargon at you, though you can probably find those people if that's your thing :)The developers actively communicate with the community and the pace of development feels adequate. The pace seems to be picking up lately as more fundamentals are implemented and progress can be delivered in smaller pieces.Pros:-Combat is intense like no other FPS game.-The sounds are amazing and immersive -- I duck nearly every time a RPG lands nearby or bullets crack the air a few inches from my head.-Graphics are beautiful and performance is great. (i5 3570K 3.4ghz, GTX 970 4gb, 8gb system RAM)-In-game voice communications are excellent quality.-You will learn how to use a map.Cons:-Server browser is not ideal and there is no queue for joining, but there have been improvements recently.-Difficult to overcome instances of severe lack of coordination among squads, but normally there is enough to at least have a good game.-Somewhat long load times with my HDD.Overall I absolutely recommend this game to any fans of realistic shooters. Watch some gameplay videos if you are still unsure and want to see the game mechanics in action."
,Recommended,393380,27752397,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,blobman2000,"Solid game for being in Alpha. Great sound effects and graphics are sufficient enough at this stage. People generally take the game serious but noobs like myself were welcomed easily into Squad. You have to have a microphone, don't even consider buyingif you don't have a mic or don't feel like speaking to others. The game does have a chat system but no one has time for that during a fire fight."
76561198062999495,Recommended,393380,27766296,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,BruteTommy,What Battlefield should have been.
76561198045599160,Recommended,393380,27866112,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Larry the Lobster,I thought this game was cool before it won an award.
,Recommended,393380,27868325,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Care Bear,"I have played Killing Floor 2 on Early Acces (EA), ARK: Survival Evolved, and so many others Early Acces games during their free weekends, but so far none of them had made go ""wow I want this game now"" except Squad.With it's amazing community, great game mechanics, it's focus on teamwork and communication, this game made me go and buy it on early acces.Now don't get me wrong, this game it is quite rough around the edges, but at its core is awesome and it is an early acces so you should know that.And yes, of course there are going to be some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s in the game, that yell at new players or teamkill you (welcome to the internet), but I would say that 90% of the community is magnificent."
76561198288343334,Recommended,393380,27905024,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,PolyNikes,"Squad is a great team based shooter. There is little room for lone-wolf play, although if you want to snipe there is ample opportunity.  Maps are huge and are almost fully utilized. Graphics are about the only thing that could use some love. All in all a great game.If you've played Arma (which is kind of a laggy POS) and enjoyed it, then you'll love this game."
76561198134307744,Recommended,393380,30931483,Posted: 3 April,all,SpicyNachoz,nothing like going to the middle east to kill white people.
,Recommended,393380,30932048,Posted: 3 April,all,[DC] Cavity,">play as medic>run across the desert for 2 hours to a massive gunfight>start revivng random soldier>he stands up, screaming ""ALLAHU ACKBAR"" as he sprays his AK>gets shot in the head>enemy grenade come over in to the ditch where I am prone>Random guy starts screaming ""GREEEEEEENAAAAAAAAA-"">Turned in to worm food>Respawn and cry11/10 would get PTSD again"
,Recommended,393380,30968191,Posted: 5 April,all,Deathmake317,THIS IS AMAZING. easily the best fps on steam imo. this is what the new battlefield should of been!!!!!
76561197969416788,Recommended,393380,30986345,Posted: 6 April,all,mikethemaniac,"One of the best teamwork-based multiplayer games I have ever had the pleasure of playing. Amazing action with tense battles and military tactics, and a great community as well."
,Recommended,393380,31001965,Posted: 7 April,all,Tomany,Great game if you are into a milsim that meets you half way.
,Recommended,393380,31006238,Posted: 7 April,all,[TTG] Tokaslav,Great game for Realistic combat and stratagy. Team work Required
,Recommended,393380,31029163,Posted: 8 April,all,Dell_Portro,"h1] 10/10 Honest review [/h1]I had this game before but then I was scared of communicating and talking with strangers so I refunded. But then I got in fps like bf series. Seeing the game free for the weekend I downloaded and hopped on. Started off awful but got better. Then probably found the best people I have ever played with online. After a series of rounds we had one game where we were really tested. Got up to Ammo hill captured it from forces and defended it till the end. Felt realistic. We started a strangers ended as Brothers.10/10 recommendedPositives+Good mix between Milsims and FPS+Good maps+Decent Optimisation for an Alpha+Good communication systems+Great sounds although improvement is possible+Realistic AFCons-Limited gamemode-Graphics till some extent-Limited weaponry (No mines and all)-Limited maps-No customisation,unlocks,guns-No check on TKers-PhysicsOverall a great game considering it is IndieWIl recommend it to people who have a microphone, can talk confidently and take responsibilities. If you have none of these then Insurgency/CS go are better for youThis made me realise what our Soldiers go through and Massive respect to all the Armies across the globe"
,Recommended,393380,31052237,Posted: 9 April,all,zdazzle,Really great Milsim. Just had a game where our squad and another were pinned down under BTR fire and light anti-tank rockets on a mountain top. We built up a sandbag fort and fought them back. We were eventually surrounded....and lost still but it was a blast.
76561198109316885,Recommended,393380,31052320,Posted: 9 April,all,Michael Wittmann,"First, I highly recommend this game to anyone that is intrested in realistic military shooters but does not want to enter into a full on mil sim game. Secondly, anything I say in this review may change as the game is in early access alpha.Pros:1. The graphics on the game are amazing along with the render distance.2. Gameplay is smooth and dynamic as on each map there is both villages/cities and open fields/forests ect...3. The number of people in a squad is good as there can exsacly be about 4-5 squads give or take on each team.4. Many types of vehicles...Multiple types of technicals, LAVs, BTRs, BMPs, Humvees', and armoured transports and unarmoured.5. Map size, the maps take around 30 minutes to cross on foot and about 5 minutes in vehicles.6.Player scales, 50 people on each team...what can go wrong?7. Rocket technical...Nothing more needs to be said.Cons:1. FPS drops in HEAVY combat. I have a well built computer but in heavy combat for instance taking fire from a BTR can bring my FPS down from 70 to 40 however THIS IS INFREQUENT and will not happen often.2. Similar to con 1; you need a higher quality PC for this game, you can find card comparisons online for more info.3. Very minor and will probably be fixed soon is the  VERY small amount of flickering textures inside buildings. This is very minor and doesn't affect gameplay at all.4. Amount of players in certain armoured vehicles. Some transport vehicles as the BTR/BMP can only fix 4 people which is  less than half of the squad.In total, this game is great if you have the PC for it. Also, this game REQUIRES a mic if you want to get the full experience. (and you want to.).8/10 would buy for friends."
76561197968808455,Recommended,393380,31264269,Posted: 20 April,all,SeaMonster,Excellent gunplay and realistic feeling combat. Latest big patch that added vehicles is awesome!
76561198159540575,Recommended,393380,31265229,Posted: 20 April,all,✜ SKU1L - Harry ✜,"for some reason, often when i load the game up it doesnt run after starting screen."
76561198083862821,Recommended,393380,31448978,Posted: 29 April,all,Gunter,Gave me PTSD 10/10
,Recommended,393380,31452470,Posted: 29 April,all,Revort _,"This game carefully walks the line between ARMA and Battlefield. This is not a serious military simulator or a casual arcade shoot-'em-up, if you expect either you are likely to be disappointed. This is an early access game, but the game mechanics are nearly fully flushed out and there are minimal bugs. The dev team is responsive and active in the community. The community is generally helpful and teamwork minded.Your enjoyment will be improved if you choose servers with active admins and join a helpful Squad Lead in-game. A microphone is essentially a requirement and you shouldn't purchase this game if you are not comfortable talking with your fellow squadmates.A few other things:There is no leveling-up, weapon skins (aside from a few modifications for early supporters), or in-game monetization. There are vehicles in the game, but they are important team assets - so don't expect to be able to jump in one without consulting your SL.One of my few complaints is that the Steam page does not make it crystal clear that there are currently no 50v50 servers - this is a development goal (and will certainly happen) but it is not supported at the current moment. Instead, most servers host 40v40 battles."
,Recommended,393380,31493075,Posted: 1 May,all,Bob Ross,I never write reviews on games but this is the exception.  Squad is not only the best war/fps game out right now but unlike most other games where trolls and hackers ruin the fun this game is not like that.THIS GAME IS NOT FOR THE LONE RANGER!!!!! You must work as a team and each rolls plays a perfect part in whether you win or lose the match.Highly advise anyone thinking about purchasing to just take a leap and never look back.  You will enjoy this game
,Recommended,393380,31499231,Posted: 1 May,all,Jáybüm: [TFU],"Work in progress, worth a try if you have the pc capable of turning the sampling up enough to get the distant terrain graphics looking sharp. Its a slow start game to get into, but give it time and the hours and you will be hooked. its like a cross between abttlefield and arma 3 kinda."
,Recommended,393380,32121069,Posted: 1 June,all,Bond,"Most realistic game out there, sick game like real war, must get."
,Recommended,393380,32527864,Posted: 17 June,all,Colbub,"me no mic, people mad, still good game"
76561198153462462,Recommended,393380,30749351,Posted: 26 March,all,DanTheMan223,bf2 project reality with an upgrade. its a good ♥♥♥♥ing game. 10/10 would squad up again
76561198066437699,Recommended,393380,30786458,Posted: 27 March,all,p o o h b e a r,"If you like Arma, you will like this. If you dont like Arma, you will still like this. Squad is a game that focuses on tactical gameplay and teamplay without having to find a specific server with its listed mods. Its more fluid then Arma and I would put it between Red Orchestra 2 and Arma in term of gameplay fluidity and feel. It is extremely immersive and the devs are very active making for an overall really promising game thats very playable in its current state.Pros:The graphics are great, the gameplay is great, the devs are great.This game is honestly fantastic and rewards players to using strategy and there is no emphasis on your K/D. In fact its not even revealed until the end of the round.This is the perfect game for you if you and your friends are looking to play something together or if you are just someone looking for a more hardcore shooter.Cons:Some bugs and glitches but there have been alot of patches to fixing those, and I am really nit picking here.Another issue is servers, personally I have had trouble into getting into servers with lower ping beause they fill up soo goddamn fast.And lastly, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ players. if you just startingout for the love of god please dont be a squad leader FFS.I give this game aKabab/10Stay cheeki breekiMy friends :)"
76561197997292986,Recommended,393380,30935722,Posted: 3 April,all,Jawannaman420,"Cant say enough about this game, little leaning curve but Great game! Its came along way since ive been playing.Never played PR and love this game. Realistic, good graphics, TEAMWORK! Must have MIC. Addicting to say the least. 10/10"
76561198078893168,Recommended,393380,30990845,Posted: 6 April,all,AntlerAnarchy,"If you love fps or communication and team play, this game is for you, the game gets update frequently adding new vehicles and or maps, OR maps and vehicles in one update."
,Recommended,393380,30991234,Posted: 6 April,all,Talono,Great squad based game. Similar to ARMA with less bells and whistles but also less lag.
,Recommended,393380,26554734,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,RT_Mythictang,This is an extremely immersive military combat simulation game. Gameplay is FANTASTIC!The game is shaping up so well :D Can't wait to see more in the future.
,Recommended,393380,29845123,Posted: 11 February,all,swatt,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MSsaWLKfbME
,Recommended,393380,33243805,Posted: 4 July,all,D O B B S,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀▄ Arma 3         ▄ ░▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
,Recommended,393380,22218498,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,§tefan ♓ ➊,"FIRST OF ALL, I have to say that Squad is a great game and one of the reasons is that Devs didn't dumped the game as many others did on other titles.Squad is a really really good game for those who like war simulators and of course it requires a lot of tactics, teamwork and people with BRAIN because otherwise it's just not gonna work.It's true that many will think it's shiiit because yet it's on alpha stage but the game is constantly progressing.BUT I don't really recommend if you will play alone without any friends.. at some point it might get boring if you are alone playing it BUT if you can get 1-2 of your friends to play with, then believe me it will really get you addicted.OVERALL --> It's really a good game, the concept it's awesome, the game is constantly progessing and so on.There's no game that can give you the same chills as Squad when whole 9 people scream on the mic for medic! hahaRecommend 10/10. MUST BUY FOR THOSE WHO LOVE REAL WAR SIMULATORS.ALSO THERE ARE GONNA BE VEHICLES!!"
76561198045626139,Recommended,393380,33856149,Posted: 28 July,all,CanadianFascist,"The only game I've played where I can go insurgent, set up mortars on the roof of a school, and as a group collectively kill 43 americans from ranges of 300+ meters.10/10.Better than Arma 3,  and better FPS."
,Recommended,393380,21836777,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Sinred,Great game and very tactical with many good players pushing teamplay high on the agenda.
76561198027922278,Recommended,393380,21800223,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,ouzkhan,"A successful simulation and same time alpha version,thanks...+realistic/simulator+good effects+good graphics+good atmosphere and feeling+without crosshair,heal point,magazine information,..+good communication (in the foreground)+camouflaged be*necessary and recommend (extra)-little bug problems rarely-more detailed map-more map and smaller map-much more gun type and accessory-if it comes vehicles, we need same time without vehicle map-maybe all squad members can sketching on the map-perhaps rarely weapon can jamnow just this..."
,Recommended,393380,26537930,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,☭ | Вперед,pew pew!
,Recommended,393380,22300453,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Rubber my timbers,Gameplay works great but only problem is no cars yet. But they will be added
,Recommended,393380,22284496,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,SirReal,"In it's current state (alpha 5.1), it's already an excellent game. It's not a military simulation like ArmA3, but it's also far more accessible than ArmA3, most people will be immediately comfortable with the controls if they have played other FPS games. The closest comparison might be Red Orchestra.To win, it very much requires not only teamplay within the squad, but also coordination between squads. Amazingly, this mostly works. The game's VOIP works well, with different channels for talking locally, squad radio and (for squad leaders only) a command channel. Joining a public server, pretty much everyone has a microphone and tries to communicate meaningfully."
,Recommended,393380,19720296,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Kozak,"In my first hour I found myself in the Squad Leader role.Its stressful when you have 5 to 6 other people relying on you to make the right decisions, and results can be disastrious.But sometimes, with the right amount of teamwork and communication. Amazing things can happen.Splitting my 7 man team into two groups. A Fire team and a Support team.Fire team goes into the poppy fields, house to house. They start taking fire from the hill 100m NE of them. They dig in.Support team Goes right, Up the other side of canyon 2 Acog M4's (myself included) and a M249, We gain clear sight of the enemy from above, And rain fire from our position over 200M away.Wiping out 2 squad of opposing forces, The fire team captures the fields. And we link up on the canyon wall. Set up an FOB.And do it over again.With the right teamwork and right communication, This is possibly the best game I have ever played.Just make sure you have a Good team of guys with you. And not squeakers from other FPS games."
,Recommended,393380,19732798,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Soap,"Suprisingly similar to PR, really good."
,Recommended,393380,19733191,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,R.I.P. Purified,"If you like tactical realism like arma, insurgency, and so on. you will love this game. so far this game has only 1 problem-optimization. it still runs pretty smooth but no matter what your settings youll get 30fps. but still overall great game"
76561198079413902,Recommended,393380,19739581,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Streets Took My Conscience,"It is a very good game and has so much potential for the future. This game is basically arma but in a call of duty kind of way; It is team deathmatch aswell as capturing certain points across the whole map, and speaking of the maps there is a verioty of them and they are all huge free roaming maps which makes the games way more intense, but fun at the same time. To win a game you have to use tactics and stratagies and you have to communicte with you team members or your ""squad"". There is a base building system which allows you to create bunkers and create barrikades so you are protected through out a battle. And if you die you can either respawn after afew seconds of waiting, or you can wait for a medic to revive you. There is also a leader board so you can see how you are doing personally or how your whole team are doing. There is a wide selection of weapons and classes to choose from and they are all made to meet different standards. Over all i think this game is going to be very big and will have a tun of more features added sooner or later; I would say it should be a little bit cheaper as it is 29.99 uk pounds which is alot for a game in first stages of alpha release and i think it should be lowered to about 15 or 20 uk pounds as it would suit the game better. But i do understand that they need more money to improve the game even more. I would reccomend buying this game if you like army simulator, fps, mmp, and adventure games. :D :)"
76561198095722946,Recommended,393380,19751513,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,☺,"What an amazing game, This game is perfect for those who enjoy abit of FPS without the trolling. This is the first game that i've seen where people actually work as a team.There are a few things that need adding to make the game complete but it is obviously still in Alpha. If its at this great stage already then I can see this game getting big.I certainly recommend this game to any competitive and strategic player!"
,Recommended,393380,19753920,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,kam,"Absolutley reccomend this game to anyone who likes semi decent simulators. This♥♥♥♥♥♥is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ If you want a tactical challenge, and a highly team orientated game were communication is paramount, I personally highly recommend this game. Yes it's alot of fun and its only in it's early stages of developement. So if you want to drop a few bucks, trust me on this one."
76561197972306337,Recommended,393380,19795150,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Legacy,"TL;DR Just buy it. The pictures, and videos don't give it justice, it looks beautiful, although very demanding on FPS and RAM.Moving through the zones with an amazing 9 person squad, covering every flank, communication closely, designating, moving to and setting up a FOB. Good, now time to set up defences, Squad Leader gives build orders, diggers get to doing what they do best.Time to move out, covering every angle, medics stay behind the assault group so that even if an RPG hit us we have a chance. Moving along a wall...CONTACT FRONT 105 DEGREES MOVING RIGHT TO LEFT 300M 2 CONTACTS. Run Down Crawl, Observe Aim Fire, rinse repeat. Closing on the enemy, guy on my right gets hit with a 203, he's out for this fight. Emplaced LMG on the hill to our right opens up, taking out the man on my left and one of our medics instantly. Run Down Crawl....and keep crawling, it's every man for himself now, half the squad is dead or pinned down, so much suppression I can barely see, let alone give accurate targets to what remains of the squad.We all died that day, debrief, see where we went wrong, and hit the road again, covering every angle.This game is brutal, in the best way possible."
76561198039438883,Recommended,393380,19810527,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Alan Johnson's Beemer,"If you're a fan of Project Reality, Arma, Insurgency or Red Orchestra you'll love this game ( or at least you will when all the features are there.) If you're a modern entitled whiney ""gamer"" who wants to spawn every two seconds with a fat bubbly gun with rainbows and tiger stripes on it you're out of luck. Thanks Sqaud devs!"
,Recommended,393380,20025183,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Copenhagen Snuff,"game is very good, except the fact i get 20-25 fps except in the firing range where i get 70-80 fps. my specs are:amd fx 8350@4.5 ghzsapphire radeon r9 280x vapor-x 3gb8gb ramgigabyte 990fxa-ud5 r5kingston ssdi run fallout maxed at 30-40 fps so i should be able to run this the same or higher. thanks for the work yall have been putting in"
76561198053070352,Recommended,393380,20027235,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Tim Irish_C4G,10/10 Would take another 203 to the face anyday!
,Recommended,393380,20029155,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Renagade47,This game plays like Arma should have.
,Recommended,393380,20037482,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Natte kletskat,"This might as well be a project reallity 2 or standalone, great game!"
76561198195450407,Recommended,393380,20074165,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,R_Dub,"Lots of potential:  Sound is great, immersive, and intense.  Feels like a decent balance between mil sim and run and gun fun.  Different roles promote teamwork ( Squad lead, medic, sniper, LMG...).  Still needs work in equipment selection functionality.  Selecting the Medic bag or bandages is clunky at best at the moment."
76561198064659568,Recommended,393380,20112887,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Sir Michael Caine,"Get this!Whole squad running through the forestHear a couple of snapsSnaps escalate into RPG'SAs the medic I get behind a tree and healRealise most of the squad are down screaming ""MY LEGS!"" and ""Tell my wife I love her!""Have two mates cover me as I go back to save 6-7 guys 1 by 1Run out of ammo for AK so only have side armSquad leader gives orders for anyone up and with any sort of ammo to pop smoke and chargeRun screaming firing pistol blindlySomehow overun the FOB...Win the round....11/10 even in its current state!"
76561198157937717,Recommended,393380,20134662,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Andy,decent Fps shooter where you see through the eyes of a soldier that needs glasses
,Recommended,393380,20165707,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Aegon Targaryen,spawnwalkwalkwalkdead
,Recommended,393380,20209769,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,VinCock,Love the game keep up the good work!
76561198093516391,Recommended,393380,20233081,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,BrettNa$ty,"Great game, hope there are more maps on the way. Make sure your MIC is on cause with out it, you have to type, and by then its to late."
,Recommended,393380,20297207,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Derek 'Del Boy' Trotter,"If you enjoy spontanious moments of being able to simulate syrian Rebels and shout Allah hu akbar at the top of your voice, then this is the game for you!11/10 would fire my AK randomly again."
76561198028735039,Recommended,393380,20323502,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Davidbc,"I don't think I've ever had so much fun playing any game before Squad. My brother and I played a game that lasted for an hour and a half. We were in a squad with nice people, we had great communication and always moved together capturing enemy bases. It was all very tactical and realistic, just what we were expecting before buying the game.It can get boring if you join a game where people don't talk and everyone is going solo instead of teamplaying.The audio in this game is simply epic, all the shots and explosions around you sound incredible, specially if you have a good headset with surround audio."
,Recommended,393380,20336656,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Noah Haynes,Love the game and the realism! Looking forward to what is to come!
,Recommended,393380,20376594,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,α Miller,Best E and Q dance simulator.9/11**UPDATE**Im cancer
76561198091302935,Recommended,393380,20378640,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,C R I S I S,"This game is a great Realism Shooter , Its all about teamwork , and calling out the enemy positions so your team mates dont get mowed down . It takes place in Big , Sandbox sort of say maps. Its pretty fun i reccommend giving it a try"
,Recommended,393380,20433974,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,"X-TREME PC BUILD-ER ""(GR)""","Τhe game is still in alpha phase of so I can not I have a deep-impression, however, the first signs of the game show that will become a very good SIMULATION FPS game."
,Recommended,393380,20446452,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,ＣＯＰ ＫＩＬＬＥＲ,"While the game itself is in Alpha i would definitely say it's worth the £30 WHEN it's fully developed. Personally i find it somewhat stable for an Alpha and it is extremely fun, but with the amount of features in the game it really shows that it is an alpha."
76561198035284867,Recommended,393380,20459200,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,System of a Clown,"It reminds me of Arma 2. I'd say its worth the money if you like that.Updated July 4th, 2016Pros-Teamwork GameplayCombat sounds are awesomeMaps feel open*Lots of places to set up ambushesEasy to understand squad mechanics.Guns are solid and also fun to shoot.Cons-Vehicles are still not in.Medical system is rather bland, just get a medic to bandage the wound and you're good to go.Its an Early Access game and we may live to regret it like so many other great concepts. I think it shows promise though."
76561198056415165,Recommended,393380,20481151,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Dia I guess?,"Do you like ARMA? Do you like Red Orchestra 2? Have you ever wished there was a game that bridged the gap between those two games???This game is that game. This game is an excellent blend of authenticity and exciting first person shooter gameplay. I only just picked the game up today, and there are definitely still things that need doing; but I truely believe SQUAD is the perfect gaming experience for anyone who answered yes to my question above."
76561197970795505,Recommended,393380,20503989,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,FancyPants,"This is my first Steam review and usually I wouldn't bother but for this game I will make an exception.This game is fantastic... I've spent a long time trying to find a shooter like this...Image ARMA but with good mechanics, so its fun to play and the scale of a good battlefield 3 match.I would consider this a simulator but it can be enjoyed by anyone who loves battlefield and is willing to change their tactics. Just a warning you will die and it maybe a hour before you have your first kill that wasn't luck. This game is about as close to the real thing as possible.One more peace of advice: get a headset!!! You need to work in a team if you are going to succeed. Some servers will kick you for not having one. If you dont have one buy a cheap one for ten dollars, euro, pounds, etc. Its what makes this experience great everyone is talking and working together :)"
,Recommended,393380,21039233,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,train,"Fantastic game that really puts an emphasis on team play. The only issue with this game, alpha or not, is the general lack of understanding from the players on how to properly and successfully play this game. A lot of emphasis is placed on having a competent squad leader and It's not easy, and it requires, in my opinion, a minimum of two full squads working together(18 players, 9 in each squad) to fully experience the greatness of this game.I'm an old school Socom I and II fan who moved onto Counter Strike and casually played Battlefield 3 and 4. To me, it's like Battlefield but much much more difficult. Losing your life is much more detrimental to the team in Squad than BF. The similarities to Counter Strike are the need for good aim and good teamwork, however there's the need for patience like Socom. Matches are long and require planning and strategy.If you're on the fence, check out some gameplay on Twitch or Youtube. It's really going to be amazing!"
,Recommended,393380,24358228,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,oscarselbow,"a good game that requires a lot of teamwork, and it can only get better from here."
76561198058147320,Not Recommended,393380,24360566,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,A Strand of Hair,"I haven't played this game since January 15th until I played it today.Optimization problems were mostly fixed, though there are still a few framerate jumps here and there.In January, they said they would have vehicles out within three months. It is now July.The server list only displays 20 - 30 servers at once, with completely new servers appearing after refreshing it and the servers you were just looking at disappearing completely.It feels extremely clunky; at least in games like Arma it feels and looks hilariously bad, whereas this is just plain bad. Realism ≠ Physical disabilitiesAn astonishingly horrible waste of $40."
,Recommended,393380,26567174,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,TJ,The best game i played in my life im playing in the free weekend but i will buy it recommend+10
,Recommended,393380,19721171,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,byKorbi,Fantastic!
,Recommended,393380,19724569,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,FritoKeK,"I had never heard of this game until the day it released on steam, I'm certainly glad I finally did. For a game in its alpha stage and so few devs I'm amazed at the level this game is at. I even played against the founder in a match last night.The game is a mix between arma and battlefield with an emphasis on team work, making it a very fun and immersive experience. It does however need some tweaks on some bugs and optimization, but that's something to be expected buying an early access game. Overall Ive already recommended this game to a few friends and look forward to see what else comes from the game."
,Recommended,393380,19738024,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Clown Dog,"+ Fun+ Very Realistic+ Awesome Engine+ Great FPS Controls and Gameplay+ Great Team work!- ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Framerate- Not optimized, lags- New people who play like cod"
,Recommended,393380,19741422,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,ParksandRekt,https://i.imgur.com/H7bMTCA.gifvmy reaction to the latest update
,Recommended,393380,19752442,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Junglebudz,"Squad is the game I've been looking for for a long time. It combines the tactical realism of Arma with the more traditional FPS feeling such as Insurgency or Battlefield. This being said, it is definitely not Insurgency or Battlefield, but its own beast. I have pretty well fallen in love with this game. Every match is different. It's usually ""cap this"" or ""find that"" but there's so many ways it could go, like one time as the Americans we had finally moved to the last capture point in AAS only to find out a group of Russians had flanked us and taken out one of our earlier capture points, so two squads had to move back and assist while my squad sat and defended the last cap point. We were surrounded by mountains and were getting constantly hammered by gunfire, people were yelling in chat, smoke was everywhere, people were shooting off grenade launchers, etc.. It's moments like these that make this game great. So far I haven't encountered many rambos but that's usually because I stick to squads with mics. Performance is also pretty good at around 30-40 FPS on epic settings on a GTX 770 w/ i5-4670k, however if you have AMD don't bother. My friend can't even run the game at 20 FPS on his AMD computer on the absolute lowest settings. Now, do I think this game is worth it at its current state? To me, yes. However I can completely understand if you would disagree. I believe it is worth it due to the constant changing of the game, how no game is the same as the other. This is enough to keep me interested, and the community is great as well. The launch was also great, there's a number of bugs but you would almost think the game was complete if you had just began. To me it doesn't even feel like an alpha, but an already solid game at release. I'm really glad they didn't take the DayZ approach of ""Add stuff first, fix the game later"". What's even better is the game is only going to improve from this point."
,Not Recommended,393380,19763123,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Lagarto,"Sadly in europe the ping is way too high in this game, also needs some performance improvements ill give it another try when release."
,Recommended,393380,20452283,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Lendud,"Even though I have only played on this game for 4 hours, I have to say that this is one of the best multiplayer tactical shooters.Pros:Everyone in the squads communicate and work together.Realistic weapon recoil.If you die then it is harder to get back to where you were.You don't see people every 10 seconds.Realistic Weapon Graphics.Cons:The game is in Alpha.It is annoying trying to tell the difference between Allies and Enemies.There are lots of glitches and bugs.I think this game is brilliant for people who like Arma 3.8/10"
,Recommended,393380,20473986,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,rjnumba1,"Played as the squad leader for the first time. Ordered two of my soldiers to create a distraction by running into enemy territory and wasting all their bullets. I ordered the rest of my troops to create a large circle around the distractors, thus trapping the enemy. We killed all of them.All orders were followed because I called it the ""Starboard Maneuver.""Doesn't matter if you're a squad leader or a grunt, if you do your job, you will enjoy this game."
76561198088392978,Recommended,393380,20479936,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Ze German Fox 狐,"Had a Squad Leader named Donald Trump who had us build 7 foot high sandbags around the entire FOB and ""Keep those Goddamn Muslims out.""20/16 Would build the ""Great Great Wall of America"" again"
76561198013451251,Recommended,393380,20953085,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Slick,"Great game so far even if it is early access. Well worth my $40. There is a steep learning curve but if you use cover and concealment and listen to your squad leader you stand a better chance of staying alive. The vehicles are not implemented yet, but they will be within next month or two I believe. Only took me 80+ hours to get decent at playing. Probably going to start playing Project Reality along side this game.Update: The game runs much better than it originally did when I first bought it. I play on almost all high settings with low fxaa and things like bloom turned off. Everything plays smoothly. Here are my system specs for those wanting to compare so they can form a rough idea of how their own PC will run the game.i5-4460 @3.2-3.4 GhzGigabyte GTX 960 4 GB OC ed.8 GB RAM (PC-12800, 800 Mhz)"
76561198179836194,Recommended,393380,20957132,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,HalcyonCynic,when i go play start it it says unknown error. worked fine before the update.
,Recommended,393380,20985537,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Sturmenjager,"This game is amazing! In my opinion I think it is better than Arma. Not saying Arma is bad I just like Squad better because of how much easier it is to learn to play. Also, dont worry about the ""doesnt support AMD"" posts because I have an AMD processor and it works just fine! If you are even remotely interested in realistic warsim games you will not be disapointed in this one! 10/10"
,Recommended,393380,21011282,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Battlehawk6,Lots of fun! Squad is a very strategic game with a good community.
,Recommended,393380,21065014,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,JacobyWitness,"This game carries on the epic legacy from PR: BF2 and for an alpha, is better than almost any fully released game in the same genre. If you look at PR and all it has to offer, this game will be that in 2 years' time. With vehicles close on the horizon, and tons of more content on the way, this game already is the definition if a tactical shooter from its legacy alone and it's current state. It looks daunting at first, but the comunity is amazing and very welcoming. The only bad thing you can say about this game is it doesn't run that well on AMD CPUs, but most of the problems were patched quickly, and more are on the way. With a decent rig, and a good geadset + mic, you are fully set."
76561198122945684,Recommended,393380,21066729,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,awookienookie,"It's a great game for where its at right now, looking forward for this games future. You should buy it!"
76561198143657451,Recommended,393380,21111515,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,PR3D4T0R,"At first, you don't really know what to do and you just run and get shot down. After like 1.5 hours you get to know the game and after a day of playing you are addicted.  The communication is vital and can be fun if you have a good squad leader. It is still in Alpha but it's nevertheless a very good game. The price is quite high but you'll enjoy playing!"
,Recommended,393380,26567172,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Aqua,"Realism, heavy focus on a fun and tactical experience, devs that focus on important things and interact with the community, Highly recommended overall."
,Recommended,393380,19715112,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Bob Ro$S v2.0,This is the only game that has gotten the terrain and look of Afghanistan right. MGSV was laughable.
,Recommended,393380,19719900,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Ketamine,"I have only played a few rounds, so I will update my review when more hours are put in. So here it is.MEDIC! I NEED A MEDIC! HEY GUYS, I NEED A MEDIC!"
,Recommended,393380,19728906,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,BlackBird4503,AMD users dont buy just yet game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥. fun game tho hope they patch and fix this issue i have a great gaming pc only get 35 fps on this one fix plz?
,Recommended,393380,19790296,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,CVGridley,"[Updated review 11/23/16] - I'm closing in on 400 hrs game time since the steam release and still play this game all the time.  It's a gem.  Most fun I've had PC gaming of all time.  Friend me, let's play![Old review]Quick review - best gaming experience I've had in a long time and I remember when Doom was considered amazing.This is a semi-realistic military sim/FPS, not an arcade shooter.  It requires team play and communications to coordinate with your squad and team.Teams are balanced extremely well by requiring each squad (max 9 players) to choose from ""kits"" that are unique to each faction and define which weapons you have access to and how many are in play for each team.  Works really well, and most of the matches I've played have been really close.To me, it feels a lot like ARMA3.  The biggest issue I had with ARMA3 was how much planning and setup went into playing multiplayer scenarios, and I rarely have time to do that.  This game allows you to jump on a server, coordinate with your mates and play a good, fun and exciting tactical combat game pretty quickly.Regarding performance, I run a I7-950 @ 4.2ghz, 12gb RAM, GTX770 w/2GB VRAM and the game runs really smooth for me at high/epic settings.  It's early access with frequent updates, so your mileage may vary.I'm really looking forward to playing this game as it evolves through development!  Keep up the great work devs!"
,Recommended,393380,19795786,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,virgil_tracy,I came over a ridge and saw an entire squad.. I killed 3 before I realized it was blue on blue...  10 of 10 felt real shame!
76561197972092847,Recommended,393380,19814730,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Arrahant,"UPDATE 171 HOURS LATER:Even after having played a lot of Battlefield 1, Destiny ROI and DOOM in 2016, this still is my main pvp shooter game almost a year later.It runs better than before, vehicles and logistics really improved the gameplay, and the community remains my favorite the play with (do bring a microphone though!). Plus we got a bunch of new weapons, weapon placements, and the developers made the placement of certain constructions a much more meaningful decision by increasing cost and cooldowns. I'm also quite happy that it's impossible for small groups with less than 3 players to claim vehicles.All in all still the most exhilarating shooter game to play with friends or randoms. Without a half decent squad leader it's quite hard to enjoy it though. Fortunately squad leaders are aware of their function and do try their best to hand out good orders. Again, the community is usually constructive.***ORIGINAL REVIEW:THE BASICS:This game is a tactical multiplayer shooter. It can be described as a cross between Battlefield, Operation Flashpoint and ARMA. Squad is my biggest gaming surprise of 2015.Two large teams of up to 50 players are divided up into squads and must complete objectives in a variety of huge and realistic looking locations, such as rural areas with poppy fields in Afghanistan. There's a BF-style conquest mode where flags must be taken in a certain order, as well as Insurgency where insurgents have to hold positions and keep their fight going.TACTICS:What makes the game special is that squads have many options to change the flow of the battle. Each squad has a sergeant that assigns squad objectives and can mark sites for construction. Base construction allows sergeants to mark locations to put up barricades, bunkers, ladders, resupply containers, and a FOB (a new spawnpoint for the squad). So you really create your own little missions.For example, sometimes it's best if one squad holds a random location to allow another squad to take a nearby control point safely. Another example is getting the jump on the enemy as a squad by going behind enemy lines and tucking away a new base in an unexpected location. Games can take quite long, so there is time to go all out on planning out an elaborate next move.MECHANICS:Creating your own objectives and routes also simply makes completing objectives that much satisfying. Enemy spawnpoints are also best located and destroyed before trying to capture a nearby control point. So there's proper base building, base defense and search & destroy mechanics at play. Additionally, the game only allows for a specific number of player roles in each squad. So there can never be too many medics, grenadiers, or snipers. It all comes together very nicely.AN IMMERSIVE BATTLEFIELD:The game also has built in voice comms, which allows for easy communication between squad members as well as with other players in the vicinity. Players also hear the direction the voices are coming from. This allows for some great natural teamplay, as well as being much more immersive.Players have to communicate which direction enemy fire is coming from, hold fire and create ambushes, watch out for friendly fire, etcetera. A lot of times you'll have no idea where enemy fire is coming from, get down quickly and wait for your squadmates to call out in which direction you'll find the 'danger close'. A microphone is required at all times.What's also great is that objects and foliage remain visible for massive distances, so people can actually use all objects, grass and plants for camouflage and cover.I can't wait to see how far they'll go with this game. Highly recommended!!"
,Recommended,393380,19832286,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Elektr1kz,"I really love this game.Only suggestion as of now, please add more east coast NA servers!!!!!!Can't wait for vehicles!Seriously though, if you're on the fence, have a mic, and are a fps enthusiast, this game is a must."
,Recommended,393380,19844389,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,mats effect,"Its hard to recomend this game enough, I honestly can't think of another game where teamwork works as well when you just jump onto any random server. The best way I could describe it is its very deep but not too complex. By that I mean all the combat sim stuff you are looking for is there, but at the same time its not a hard game to get started with."
,Recommended,393380,19844711,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Explicitly illicit biscuit,"Squad is an amazingly captivating and enticing game. Unlike its fellow counterparts in the genre it manages to ensure that every squad member is a valuable ally, and assets to the team which promotes close bonding to achieve the  match objective. One man down, and it can change everything in an instant. From light machine gunners anti tank rpg wielding classes to medics everyone has a vital role. With mostly everyone having voice chat functionality ingame its rare to see a community so mature, kind and forgiving. I myself enjoyed playing the medic, reviving my fellow squad mates who were in reality complete strangers, but they said ""thank you"" and even ""I love you."" It really makes me happy knowing I can risk being a meat shield in the heat of battle only to save a strangers life but in most cases what comes out of it (friendship,comradery,banter) is usually worth the risk. The games greatness relies heavily on player interaction with one another but as it stands 9/10 people are co operative and happy to help."
,Recommended,393380,19883396,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,LoliSpanker,"Very immersive with the way your sights work to the radio beep every time you use push to talk. I recommend to have at least 4 people to play with to create a 'squad', if not there will be no communication and you will no idea really what to do."
,Recommended,393380,19988333,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Wompa,"After a few games of some decent gameplay learning the game, I decided to take squad leader.-Told friend we'd take squad leader-Agree we were ♥♥♥♥ed as the squad leader-Told my squad members to yell allah snackbar-Set up defenses in a small compound-Get bombarded with bodies and rockets from americans-Defend yelling allah snackbar-After 30 minutes of defending, we lose the small forward compound.-Find enemy spawn base-Destroy enemy spawn base-Flank enemy americans running down a hill yelling allah snackbar-10/10 would allah snackbar againReal Note: This game could have some really good promise if they actually add more depth into some of the features they already have."
,Recommended,393380,20002393,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Nightfallcall ツ,"I was sitting in the corner of a capture point, all i can hear is ""ALLUAH AKBAR"" and gun fire coming from all around me, when all of a sudden a american soldier came around the corner.10/10 would shoot again"
,Recommended,393380,20003153,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Jbeatzzz,Good Game. Need dedicated servers and customized gun loadouts. But overall excellent squad based shooter. Intense firefights and semi base building which adds a nice feature. Definately worth buying.
,Recommended,393380,20015332,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Toxic Pigeon,"Alpha Review: Everything Insurgency wanted to be and then some, an outstanding game. Looking foward to release of vehicles."
,Recommended,393380,20096518,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,BlackSquid,"Things are peaceful. I can feel the cool air of a summer's breeze blowing through my hair, and the birds sing way up in the trees. The quiet trickle of water rolls slowly off in to the glimmering sun behind us never to be seen again. It's a beautiful day, and nothing can stop it. Suddenly far in the distance, the sound of gunfire echoes across the fields. It's not long before our leader rounds us up and explains that Alpha squad have requested support assaulting a Militia compound to the north east. I'm off to war.Through fields, rivers, and tree's we trot - sticking close to the walls and cover, remaining out of sight. We're only two klicks away from the compound, when we spot the location of an enemy bunker built a short way ahead within a shallow ditch. We scout it out for a good few minutes, but find no sign of the enemy, though the gunfire from the compound is nearer now and more imposing; a threat heard but not yet seen. For now the Militia are focused on defending the compound, and so we should be safe here behind the front line, but we exercise caution. My squad leader takes point, and I follow close behind. We push up further through the river direct towards the bunker, guns at the ready, and safety's off. He stops and turns to his team, as if to see how close behind we are, and at that moment I see a small figure appear in the bunker ahead.It's the Militia! I can't get a clear shot as my squad leader blocks my vision, so I shout to him ""Squad leader, get down!"". He's too slow to react, but the Militia hasn't open fired yet. I stand up to get a clear shot and with a single round to the chest he falls motionless to the floor. Tango down. ""Nice shot"", I hear someone murmour some way behind me. I saved our leader's life, and he thanks me graciously, but my shots have drawn unwanted attention, and with a sharp staggering pain I take a shot to the shoulder. I'm still alive, barely, and get enough information to call out multiple enemy positions; but a second round hits me square in the chest, and I collapse to the ground. Bullets whiz and rip through the bushes towards us, and we are quickly pinned down and suppresed. An enemy squad are outside of the bunker taking cover behind a wall. I shout ""Medic!"", and groan uncontollably.The medic is towards the back of the squad - he's playing his role perfectly, staying out of harms way. If our two medic's die, the squad is in a dire position; yet he is still too far away to be of any help. He requests smoke cover, and within a few moments two smoke grenades are thrown out, and provide some temporary cover. It's enough for the medic to crawl through the dirt and patch me up, applying a bandage and healing me through his magic. The shots didn't come from the bunker ahead, but we throw some grenades in to make sure it's clear, and we keep pushing as a team. Three of our guys get taken out and the medics can't get to them, and though the fallen respawn at the same relay point that I spawned on, they have a lengthy walk ahead of them. With bowed heads we push on, bullets and grenades still raining in, but missing by inches. We get inside the bunker, and discover an enemy forward base. We quickly dig it up to prevent enemy reinforcements from respawning here; they were clearly planning a swift and deadly flank on Alpha squad from behind, and we set up a forward base of our own. From the new cover we quickly dispatch of the lingering Militia outside of the walls, and they run at the white of our eyes - sharp and angry as we fight with new found meaning in rememberence of our fallen comrades.Our delays have caused Alpha squad to fail at taking the compound, and are retreating to regroup. but with a new friendly forward base set up, we have a new respawn point for the entire team. Our squads meet, and old friends reunite on the battlefield. Alpha and Bravo squads join together and our forces combine. We resupply, and reinforce the bunker, and move out as one unit towards the compound - a force to be reckoned with."
,Recommended,393380,20096651,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,ALL DAY U MAY,is of good
,Recommended,393380,20226097,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,zeMauser,"Its a pretty high price for buying into the Alpha but if you like hardcore milsim games this game is for you. It is not even near finished but core squad gameplay is kinda good even now. I highly believe that Squad will beat every other Milsim game when its finished.+/- Content+/- Weapon attachments+/- Server stability+/- No transportation (right now)+/- There is hardly any optimisation - AMD CPU users may not play this game with playable fps+/- Medic-, Squadlead-, building- System+/- Spawn and Option Screen handling+/- Community+Maps+Graphics+Teamplay+Weapon feel+Soundscape+Options+Com System-Hacker's and how the Devs are handling this issue-Elitist Players-invisible walls on high groundsI was a fan of BF2PR and I will be a fan of this game when its finally be released I am kinda getting hyped for it. I dont know if you can justify the high price for an alpha game, I did it and I am not looking back.For all I know its maybe not worth for what it is right now but damn sure for what it will become.-T"
76561198175709855,Recommended,393380,20235255,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Pvt. Steinkamp [42ndPA],this is a spectacular game im not very good at it but i will get better at it gg
,Recommended,393380,20313668,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,FrostyWheats,Has vehicle controls but no vehicles 11/10
76561198044281789,Recommended,393380,20359479,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Chaka,"Only one thing to say...This game i freaking amazing!It already earned the title, as my favorite game.Worth every single penny..."
,Recommended,393380,20384804,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Shirou,"Got the game today... and i don't know where my 5 hours went.. but the game is so addictive and time just flew by, great teamwork game and so much potential, i just love it! Keep up the good work Squad!"
,Recommended,393380,20392613,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,joehockey90,"Seriously hands down. The BEST early release game I have played to date. Some of the animations aren't paticularly polished but the gun play is solid, and nothing is more satisfying that winning a long hard fought game as a medic! 100% Recommend for anyone who enjoyed the Arma style of gameplay but didn't enjoy the keyboard full of special controls. This game is incredibly easy to pick up and understand. Grab your mic, talk to your squad, and play as a team."
76561198027252403,Recommended,393380,20436467,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,TruthWillBringFreedom,"Served in Iraq 2004-2005 and I have to say that this game rocks!!!! This game is punishing yet smooth and great gameplay. Once you overcome the learning curve which some don't and result to team killing which will be dealt with in future updates. Vehciles, weapon placements, FOB's (forward operating bases), this game is really my fav.This game is unlike any other game on the market. Buy it, install it, and come get some!!!"
76561198008064529,Recommended,393380,19735561,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,doodles54,"If you like Arma 3 or 2 and Flashpoint, you will love this game, I freakin love this game. Super Realistic."
,Recommended,393380,19738551,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Shepherd,this game is great.
76561198092563412,Recommended,393380,19739553,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Chillbacca,"This game seems to combine the experiences of playing Arma and Insurgency, but it holds it's own as an extremely team-based and tactical shooter.  It's not a game for everyone; you have to be patient, strategic, and play as a team.  As of now, the community for this game seems to be one of the greatest communities I've played with.  I have thoroughly enjoyed my experience.  With that said, the game has it's flaws such as some ""buggyness"" with graphics, some sound, etc.  However, I find these flaws to be forgivable due to it's current, ""Early-Access"" status.  I also hear that it's poorly optimized for some people, although, I have yet to understand that.  I almost never go under 30 fps, and am usually playing with around 50 fps on most servers.  I do have a Nvidia card, so maybe that's why... I don't have AMD.  Nevertheless, this game is already great for me and has a ton of potential for the future.  For me, it was definitely worth the buy... I do think it's more worth about 30 dollars with it's current build and amount of features, but the devs seem very dedicated to it, so I don't mind paying 40 bucks for it now.  8.5/10 with current features."
,Recommended,393380,19739572,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,yer Biglyness,"Squad combines all the greatest elements of battlefield, arma, insurgency, and americas army. It is an intense, heart thumping, palm sweating, war simulation. I've been playing fps since doom came out in 1993 and this game is master class. And it's still in alpha! My mind is obliterated. If you consider yourself an fps player, this is a must have. 12/10 stars would play again."
76561198027000453,Recommended,393380,19740349,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,vaalix,"Pretty decent game, it probably won't be liked by anyone who is into or used to arcade type BF or CoD games since they seem to be going for a high amount of realism, and it  fairly hardcore in my opinion..Since you can't really see the enemy light up on a mini map and its hard to tell who your team mates are as their names don't always light up when you mouse over them, it makes it fairly hard for myself..I think the recoil is a bit too much. You almost feel like an 11 year old asian girl trying to fire your weapon, I think it could be toned back a slight bit.Playing the medic is too slow.. People like to call out for medic even though their corpse is surrounded by a platoon of enemies lol.. But the actual process of healing is way too slow.. I would like to see it more inline with how americas army did it.. Too much realism can ruin a game, and these devs are right on the line.An enemy can actually be sitting in a poppy field crouched and you wont see them, and barely see them if they move.I still recommend this over any arcade shooters.. I can't stand them.If I could ask for one thing, it would be to see my whole team as a blue dot on the compass.. That would make this game a bit better..They could probably sell this to the u.s army and use it for training..And to anyone with a beedy system and low FPS, check out some tweak guides.. There are a few key things you need to do to get the ini's setup and a few gpu tweaks that will really fix your issues. Also use sweet FX.. huge difference"
,Recommended,393380,19762149,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Redbeard,"It looks like Squad might be a good game.But my experience was negatively impacted by not being able to change the keys on the keyboard to what I wanted.Most people use the WASD to move, but I use the arrow keys to move - and the game did not allow the arrow keys to be allocated to the movement function.(Yeah, yeah, someone is going to argue that I should use WASD - well, I don't, I have my reasons, and, besides, if it is what the customer wants and it isn't going to break the game, then it should be in there - all game-functional keys should be able to be allocated to whatever you want. It's 2015, we had the technology to do this years ago, it's a common game option, so it shouldn't be too hard.)I'm going to recommend this game anyway, because - for WASD players - it looks like it should be good.But, for me personally, it was pretty sucky."
,Recommended,393380,19771946,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,stompy,"Fantastic. As a ""sequel"" to the BF2 mod Project Reality, this game holds a very strong form. Packed with superb realism in every aspect of the game from the bullets of enemies popping past your head, to the dynamic clouds that cover the maps. Communication is a key factor of the game, and a microphone is a must have if you want to play.The developers of this game worked endlessly on perfecting the mod BF2:PR entirely for free, and I would've payed the same amount of money as I did for this game. Please support the devs who have worked endlessly on perfecting a game.Even in Early Access, this game feels very fleshed out. Expect many updates in the coming months that will be entirely for free.Support the Devs and buy this game."
76561198096393649,Recommended,393380,19787610,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Smokey86001,this game is the awesome guys keep it up!!! love the coms system.!!!!!BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!!
,Recommended,393380,19792360,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Future Troglodyte,"I'm NOT a fan of FPS game AT ALL. Saying that i own Both RMA III, CS:GO, along with a few more ""popular"" games in this catagory. I took a chance with this game in hopes it would provide that fairly spewcific form of truely squad based team work game-play. and WOW..... Squad, even in it's infint ALPHA stage is everything i have bin looking for in a FPS for YEARS and so much more :D I've not bin this excited about an early build game for a long time, specialy not one in the FPS group. For anyone on the fence about this game, and they are a fan of FPS TRUELY tactical squad games... you HAVE TO BUY THIS O_O. Even if your not that much into games like this it really is more than worth trying out. I get the same feeling with this game as i did back when i first heard BF:2 was coming out LOL I hope the vehicles are implimented soon, and i would really like to see this game grow to it's fullest extent because it really is that perfect mix of team work / tactics that so many tactical shooters are missing these days."
,Recommended,393380,19796133,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,shamwowdude,"This game is awesome. With over 600 Hours in Arma 3, Squad is more interesting in 6 hours. Every engagement gets my adrenaline pumping and my heart rate raising."
,Recommended,393380,19798611,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Bluegoon,Pretty much BF4 hardcore mode with more people using mics.  Looking forward to more content.
76561198019047187,Recommended,393380,19813838,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,hot cross buns,FuN!!!! Lag =(
76561198041323721,Recommended,393380,19814886,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Werty,"This game is being made by the producers of Project Reality. If you want an idea for what these guys are aiming for, then go play PR. It's free and fun."
76561197998273083,Recommended,393380,19815627,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Jabba,"Hands down, easily the best shooter in a long time.  Immersion is fantastic!  Highly recommended, can't praise this game enough! 👍🏻"
,Recommended,393380,19829383,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,heids24,"- Joined a squad responsible for defending the caputured points while other squads on our team pushed forward to the front lines.- Built a killer FOB and had our defense position locked down in a small town.- Had granade throwing contests from the roof of a small hut with other squad members to pass time.- Talked about Star Wars while our comrades on the front lines struggled to push forward.- Talked about where we live IRL.- Had another granade throwing contest.- Collectively admired the beautiful field in front of us.- Posed for pictures with each other with the mountains as the backdrop (i.e. screenshots).- Were suddenly ambused by 2 enemy squads that resulted in us being eventually overrun after an intense 15 minute standoff.- Our team eventually won the battle, and after the 45 minute long match, I finished with a whopping 4 kills and 2 deaths.10/10 - would have granade throwing contests 800 meters behind the front line again."
76561197968768348,Recommended,393380,19841049,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Renown,"20x BF4 Map size, CheckBetter models/flow/animations then ARMA, Check.Less explosives spam then any modern FPS, Check.Buildable outposts on objectives, check.Massive numbers of players, check. (for an FPS this is nearly 2x the next comparable game)Servers, Check (Thank you jesus, no awful matchmaking here)Awesome gameplay, Check. (where the focus in the game is surviving first, securing the objective second, killing third.)What this game doesn't have?Vehicles (as of yet)Awesome graphics (I don't know what's planned, but this is like a mix of BF2 terrain textures with BF3 quality models)super smooth gameplay (battlefront/cod this is not, currently the optimization leads it to be quite subpar, with laggy servers and a lot of issues. We will see how they handle this, some games have always had issues (Red Orchestra/Rising Storm) and survived.Overall this game is really fun and tactical. Work with your team to survive. No FPS that has come out in the last 10 years has even come close to what this game offers while being readily accessible. (Some would claim ARMA does, and in many ways ARMA is incredible, but it's also suffers from overly complicated menu structures and awkard animations (the worst part).Good work!"
,Recommended,393380,19845673,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Rob,"Squad Review/ExperiencesMy Best Experiences1. We had just set down an FOB. Our squad leader ordered us to move in a single line formation toward the Castle (Our next objective). Suddenly an RPG hits the ground at the feet of our squad leader, i was only meters away when it hit. I still remember the RPG coming in, seeing the smoke trails as it propelled itself at our squad leaders feet. The shrapnel tore him apart and left him but a heap of meat on the floor, meanwhile i was badly injured from the explosion, i hear screams of one word, MEDIC! MEDIIIICCC. I wake, to find myself healed only to find that the RPG was the start of an Ambush. My squad race to cover as we are torn to shreds by MG fire. Our second in command rounds us up and coordinates smoke attacks on the Hostile forces and eventually after 10 minutes of intense fighting we eliminated the hostiles. 5 Men were lost in the attack, 5 men.2. This continues on after the previous experience. Our squad reaches the castle, our squad leader quickly sets up an FOB so we can craft base fortifications for the impending Russian attack. We all take up positions on the battlements and suddenly, BANG! Our LMG Assistant goes down and the fighting begins, RPGs start hitting the rocks resulting in cries for help and bodies to be strewn like ragdolls. Our LMG specialists and marksmen start combining suppressive fire however little did we know that the enemy had set up a forward outpost in the building a couple hundred meters away. HE Grenades and Smoke grenades were thrown across the battlefield. 20 Minutes later we were running desperately low on ammo and myself and two other men were the only ones holding the eastern flank. With no help coming and little ammo remaining we decide to hold out, we grab our pistols, c4 and guns off of dead bodies and we stick it to em. We gave em hell. They eventually retreated and we won the objective over.3. Taken from a Terrorist round. We wake, we screamed Allahu ackbar as we ran through the mountains toward our defend objective. One man... One man decided to tell us about a joke when suddenly we spot U.S scum on the ridge. We duck into the nearest compound but it is all too late. Bullets soon turned into storms of bullets and we were surrounded from all sides. I hear men screaming Allahu Ackbar followed by explosions. I grab my RPG, i say to the person next to me, may Allah shine on me, i will see you in the next life brother, and ran out pulling the trigger on the nearest American. I killed 6 U.S soldiers with that one RPG shot. I am now found in the other life.IntroductionSquad in it's current state is a well balanced, enjoyable and fun realistic/semi realistic game to play. The game is focused around modern day Eastern Euroupean and Middle Eastern combat featuring units such as the Russians, Russian Militia, U.S, Middle Eastern Militia and Terrorist Units. Maps in the current version range from Dense forests to open deserts and even to confined urban environments. Weapons in Squad are very polished and feature the AK family a range of M4s, RPGs, Pistols and others.ProsGood Communication FoundationsExcellent Gameplay MechanicsRealistic Armour and Weapon valuesReally Focused On TeamplayDetailed environmentsDetailed Character and Weapon ModelsAmazing Infantry Based CombatPassionate Developers (Plays with the community, active on forums, etc, etc.ConsCurrently has little support for AMD CardsThe game overall needs optimisationWill need a lot of work if the game wants to stay on the marketA couple of Glitches and bugs here and thereI really did struggle finding some Cons from this game. The entire time i have enjoyed playing this game with friends and strangers alike. In conclusion to my review, the game has huge potential, on a scale of 1 to 10 i would give this a solid 8 as the game has so many pros but still has some huge cons here and there. My advice would be to either pay the current 60 AUD or 40 USD pricetag now and enjoy the game. Or wait and see how the game goes. The developers are in full control of where this game is headed, the success of this game really depends on how the develepors interact with the community and provide frequent and meaningful updates and hotfixes to the game."
,Recommended,393380,19846732,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,|TG-12th|WhiskeySix,"Fantastic game. Some minor wonky things in the menu behavior, but that's to be expected in an Alpha - the game play itself is top notch!"
76561198050693666,Recommended,393380,19847207,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,HawkEyERio,OH MY GOD!I have never played a game so intense as this.The last time I felt this close to combat with fellow soldiers was years ago in the infantry.Realism and Teamwork at it best.Fantastic. Really would make ARMA 3 run for its money.
76561197989019496,Recommended,393380,19851843,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,mDaddy,yes
,Not Recommended,393380,19852066,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,jimmy,"Its a decent game but is not worth 35 Euros.If it was finished It might have, but at the moment it has too little content and too many bugs."
,Recommended,393380,19858795,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Solid Country Gold,"Game is Alpha with crashing and missing content, gun play mechanics awful like two left hands with ten left thumbs, and the movement feels like you have palsy.Let's be honest tho what you are here for is the realism and you can expect to hear one of many beautifully voice acted gems acted for you live such as:""Where is the squad leader! Why do we have a base in the desert! This is stupid!""10/10 for authenticity.This game is hella fun(ny) right now but I have little faith in its longevity."
,Recommended,393380,19888646,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,CanadianBacon,"So far I've put in just a couple hours and I love this game. The teamwork is incredible, the action is too. The ui and spawn stuff could be a little more noob friendly though, but it doesn't take much thought to figure it out. For an early alpha this game is amazing. But I only have one problem, the performance on AMD cpus. I get 20-30fps with my 8350, and dont comment on my thread with your intel fanyboyism.. AMD is perfectly suitable for games that are far enough optimized over a wide variety of configurations. Work on the AMD multi-core performance and you've got yourself an absolute beast of a game..."
,Recommended,393380,19901960,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,ＮＥＣＲＩＳＳ 👿,"It's ArmA without the BS, just fun instant action."
76561198013501894,Recommended,393380,19911311,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,-TrIcKy-,Loveing this game atm can't wait for more content and hopeing it will come more stable gameplay very soon :)
,Recommended,393380,19914047,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,llxRAGExll,Probably one of the best tactical shooters I have ever played and it is still in alpha. With that being said there are the expected alpha bugs and glitches but they aren't nearly as bad as most other games in alpha. The sounds are amazing and immersive and the explosions are actually scary. This game is a must have for anyone who likes this play style.
,Recommended,393380,19919671,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,ConfuciusBruh,"Squad, A game created by the development team of the highly sucessful project reality mod. So what is squad?Squad is a game of which two sides are pitted against eachother in the battle to capture strategic locations, reinforce, and dominate the other team. Your team is divided into squads, with a maximum of 9 players in each squad. Each role serving a specific purpose, from healing the wounded to supressing enemies and providing covering fire for your squad members. This game relys soley on working together as a team. Discussing tactics, and applying them to the battle layed out ahead. The community in this game is outstanding. Even if you're new to the game you're always welcome to ask advice and everyone will give you honest answers. Its a relatively easy game to pick up and play if you enjoy hardcore FPS games. Squad gives you the opportunity to carve out your own story throughout the gameplay itself, due to the fact that you may not know how many enemies are head of you, and youre relying solely on your squadmates to help you through the battle.The game does require you to have an above average computer in order to get relatively smooth gameplay, amd cpu's will struggle just because of the unreal engine 4. The game itself is pretty basic in terms of the roles you can pick and what you can do in the game itself. If you're a fan of the Project Reality Mod and want to give this game a try while seeing how it changes each update, I highly reccomend buying this. The game isn't complete, or near completion, but still plenty of fun to be had. Plenty of stories to be told. And plenty of battles awaiting. See you on the battlefield.System Specs:AMD FX-6300 3.5GHz 6-coreHIS IceQ HD 7950 Boost (3gb, 925mhz)8 Gigs of ram"
,Recommended,393380,19962801,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Ladi,This game gave me PTSD.
,Recommended,393380,19984024,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Spuddz,I had so much fun just talking to the people I was playing with! The gameplay was truly amazing and I just can't recommend this game enough! Worth the money
76561198072483389,Recommended,393380,19985798,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Dizz,Great game once u understand it and it can only get better <3
,Recommended,393380,29593984,Posted: 30 January,all,plore,12/10
,Recommended,393380,29624444,Posted: 1 February,all,[ZSU] ±Knifey12,"Was a US medic in a squad assaulting a school held by the militia. Three squads went into the area and intense firefights occured. I started to patch people up as they got shot, but it occured the attack was faltering. A retreat order was issued by the Squad Leader... But few marines were still trapped in the school and couldn't fall back. I disobeyed my SL's orders and ran into the school whilst under heavy small arms fire. After taking out some Tangos, it became clear there was only one other guy left, named Ronald. Ronny was a rifleman but his squad didn't make it. It was jsut the two of usWe quickly ran up to the second floor - where the metal stairs and a doorway were the only way to get up there.It was eerie. The battle had shifted to anoter part of the town, gunfire was far awaybut there were still footsteps around us. They knew we were still here. They were coming for us.In squad chat, I cried out for help - the response was to hold out for as long as we could as they were under fire elsewhere. Ronald was scared out of his mind. I told him I was a medic and 'we would make it home'. Even i didbn't believe my words.The footsteps came closer. Ronald st up his firing line to watch over a window in the main courtyard while I watched the doorway that led into the hallway. Then we started to hear the clank of feet on metal stairs --- I aimed my weapon at the doorway....The first three charge the doorway and fall to the ground. The next two try to run across the hallway and fall flat on thier face.They start shooting at our windows and force us to lie on our belly. One more tango enters the doorway and manages to make it into a room opposite Ronald's position. The milita man didn't like Ronald's grenade.Running low on ammo, Ronald and I switch positions constantly to cover our reloads.To ruse the enemy and buy time, I tell Ronald to chuck a smoke at the door. (If you ever played CS:GO, you'd know NEVER to run through smoke). We buy time and throw our last smokes and maximse their usage. The militia start getting fed up by us that one of them decide to charge through the smoke. He gets a bullet off on me- just a flesh wound.Once we ran out of smokes, the situation outside the school had changed. The US forces had pushed back the militia and started a counter attack. They were getting close back to the school.Tragedy soon struck - a milita sharpshooter snuck onto a neighbouring rooftop and shot Ronald straight in the back. Ronald cried out and I quickly switched to my M4 and shot at the sniper with my last mag.Disregarding my own safety and right in the middle of the hallway, i started to heal Ronald just hoping the enemy wouldn't go through the door. Just barely hanging on, I told him one more time: ""We are going to make it home, Ronald!""We fell back further into the hallway in a back room. Once again they started to charge the doorway.11....12......13.....14......Multiple hostiles down!The doorway was littered with bodies.One more came through the doorway - but with a grenade in his hand. He manages to toss it before we take him down. Ron manages to get out of the room - I'm no so lucky.The frag explodes infron of me and I see a balck screen with my heart beating. I'm about to hit ""give up"" but then I hear Ronald continuing to fight and telling me to hold on. In muffled squad radio a friendly marksman mentions he can see dead ""militia in a doorway being mowed down"" through his binoculars.The map lights up with blue arrows appraoching from the west. Help was coming! We were going to make it! A medic comes and revives me back to life.Eventually, US forces managed to take back the school and win the game. About ten players ask Ronald and I what happened, to which we respond ""We just wanted to go home.""Basically, two marines managed to hold off for 14 minutes and took out 17 militia.10/10 would hold off militia with stranger again."
76561198015597409,Recommended,393380,29644335,Posted: 2 February,all,DoGFuZz,"Great tactical shooter still in development. regardless i would highly recommend to a friend! ive played quite a few hours now and i can say it has been challanging and rewarding, especially when your squad memebers listen! overall great gameplay and the community is awesome."
,Recommended,393380,29751689,Posted: 6 February,all,Palxsor,friend returned game. so is good.  10/10.   bay game.yes do it. im sad solonely.
76561198363850310,Recommended,393380,29755734,Posted: 6 February,all,melash,I haven't played this game that much but it has a great community. The game is fun the optimization isn't the best but it's an early access game.
,Recommended,393380,29831496,Posted: 10 February,all,Pleb God,The Good:EverythingThe Bad:Alpha
76561198056379042,Recommended,393380,29851277,Posted: 11 February,all,Singer1,10/10 very good tactical realisticish military-like shooter that requires teamwork and communication.
76561198071705315,Recommended,393380,29885914,Posted: 12 February,all,Pawn,EDIT:  Noob review annihillated.F*cking love this game!!'Nuff said.
,Recommended,393380,29905423,Posted: 13 February,all,c~L~p.MafuckingMeatyMode,"Im gonna keep this short and sweet. Did you play Bf4 and be like oh♥♥♥♥♥♥i love this game but playing HC is just not enough for me? Did you play Project Reality back in the BF2 days or BF1943? did you play Red Orchestra? If your answer to any one of those is yes, and you enjoyed those games, this game is the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child you have longed for to adopt. This game is early, and it still is great. its got a good community behind it, and as long as you enjoy utilizing real military tactics to be a team player and dominate the enemy you will do great. i love this♥♥♥♥♥♥its a great game and for as fun as it is in its early stages im stoked to see what the future holds!"
,Recommended,393380,29913785,Posted: 13 February,all,Sweendawg,"This game is all about teamwork. With the right squad and Squad Leader, it's a ton of fun. The community seems mature and the squad leaders I've had know their stuff. I'd say 80% of the game is logistics and planning, and the other 20% is combat and/or sheer terror. You have to take into account geography, topography, logistics, cover, concealment, element of surprise, tactics, ammo conservation, and so much more to be a successful  member of your squad. 99% of the people I've played with are mature, they take orders from the squad leader well, and work well with the squadmates and other squads on your team.The game is still in Alpha, but the developer has even larger maps, more vehicles, and better movement/physics on the way. The saying: ""War is long periods of boredom punctuated by moments of sheer terror"" holds true in Squad. When the fight comes to you, it's intense. The game sessions last long, and the replayability factor is excellent. I got bored of insurgency because I felt it was the same thing in some small CQB map every time. Squad is different, larger maps with diffrent tactics employed each game, which also vary from squad lead to squad lead.If you are looking for a run and gun, COD or BF style of game, Squad is not for you. Squad is not something you can't even play casually IMO. It takes time to become decent at it and I think it's a perishable skill. I only have 23 hours on it, and I constantly learn more and more each time I play.You want to make friends on steam? Be a good squadmate."
76561198139743309,Recommended,393380,30058489,Posted: 20 February,all,edmund5780,"By far one of my favorite games right now. The only real downside to it is, if you get in a squad with good squadmates but a bad squad leader, there is no way to remove the squad lead unless a server admin does it for you. I would like to see a squad vote system to demote squad lead and promote a different squad member to lead without having to get the squad leader kicked from the game. Other than that the devs update and inform the community regularly, and are constantly adding new content, and the game itself is very stable and smooth. Not to mention it is one of the best looking sandbox military shooters with matches this size."
,Recommended,393380,19734859,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Dripping Yellow Madness,"Totally unlike any other shooter I've ever played.  It's slower paced; you might go 10 minutes without ever seeing anyone, but you'll find that you don't even care.  It's always suspenseful.  And the community is fantastic so far.  Just make sure you use a mic."
76561198204004560,Recommended,393380,19738231,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,pdizzlemynizzlefoschizzle,"Great game. Engine has some stuttering, but that's about all the negative feedback I can honestly say. If you have $40, and want a Battlefield/Arma mash-up, this is your game. It'll just get better with time when they optimize the engine. P.S. it's a SQUAD-based game, don't go lone wolfing. You'll just get domed. 10/10 so far."
,Recommended,393380,19740226,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,XOSpicy🅱ada$$,"Look, heres my review of this game.Gameplayis immersive, sounds are crisp, and give the maximum ear shattering experience.Gunplaythey recently sort of fixed the Arma like wonky gunplay. It still has terrible movement capablities and leaning is still lowered on off arm side, meaning you peak the corner at a lower elevation because of strong hand, which with real military training and advanced movement, soldiers learn how to manipulate their bodies and surroundings for optimal aiming position, aka, like the advanced angles in Arma 3 which are done really well imo.Vehiclesare really annoying. The sounds are out of sync, meaning the server doesn't translate them to their accurate location, so knowing where an armored vehicle is tough expectially when there is multiple incoming waves of rockets and gunfire. The sounds are pretty crisp, just need some reformation and balancing. The realistic movement of them in the engine, and their real lack of flexibility, kind of destroys the badass fealing of being within a vehicle, meaning they're really wonky, and the physics are ♥♥♥♥♥♥.Movementagain, is a realistic simple system, but doesn't leave a realistic feel like it should, there isn't wall boosting over tall obstacles, there is not a vault, you just jump like a slinky and fall back down, not really a jumping motion, laying down and crouching are a bit wonky and feel rushed, should be a bobblehead effect when laying and knees in third person as well as hands should be realistically mounted to ground, so a modern diving technique, or just a simple bend fall like a common burpy exercise, something less physically horrible to look at.FPS and PINGservers are okay, most are under a lot of pressure from the engine and give off too much connection lag, and FPS is definitely a work on, optimization should be recent focus, as the game doesn't look 10/10 great at all tbh imo, and some better rendering for realistic combat efficiency to the eye should be improved. Hope to see them actually focus on this to get more people on the game, less requirement to run, more money really. Prove to me this isn't another cash grab like everyone with negative comments is rambling on about now.On a last note I am really supportive of a game that can out milsim Arma, considering that game franchise has a lot of the same problems, and I would like this game to stand out, take more influence from realism and fluidity in motion, like life, and improve on the ways, Project Reality couldn't do with the technology these dev's have."
76561198165479349,Recommended,393380,19752975,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,oy-vey!,"For an early axis title this is a great game, but there fore you will run into problems such as high ping low framerates and ,any more, but the reason why i give this a good review is because the combat is extremelly instense and shows a lot of future potential."
76561198114447599,Recommended,393380,19765848,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,patatokiller 1o2,need optimazation but gameplay is really good.
76561198003264507,Recommended,393380,19774058,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Madmartigan,"If you enjoy the Arma Series or liked the Project Reality mod for BF2, then this is the game for you. Worth the 40 bucks and is a great addition to any milsim gamers library... Reminds me of the old Ghost Recon days... BUY IT!"
,Recommended,393380,19782796,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,NWG_Bzapp26,If you have ever played PR this game is better. If you havent then you will still love it. Squad is like BF4 and Arma had a child that went to the military and became a baddass. Developers are always helping the community out. Get it now and ill see you on the battlefield.
76561198144541950,Recommended,393380,19788287,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Dirty Harry,"One of the best games ive ever played and its a Alpha, Cant wait for vehicals and air support.This game goes from 0 to a 100 in a crack of a rifle or explosion of a rpg and just HOPE theres a medic around."
,Recommended,393380,19802577,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,CMDRharris,"For an Alpha launch game this is so much fun!  The game runs well on my 4790k and 980ti on ultra settings but some older PCs might struggle as the optimistation is not quite there yet.  Make sure you have a mic and you will enjo the immersive nature of this game.  Just remember the name of the game is ""Squad"" and dont try and rambo your way across the objectives because you will die!See you on the battlefield!"
76561198176439674,Recommended,393380,19814203,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Andrew.Muravez,"Unique.  Still getting used to it, but I love it already."
76561198124787045,Recommended,393380,19839957,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,A_Turn_Of_Events,"the game even at its basics is really fun, the price is to be honest i feel fair as what they are looking to do to th game in the future will actually make this game really exciting, wont be a battlefield killer but it will be what i wish battlefield had tried to do. the nex quarter will determine how this game will progress and if it goes well and optimizes effectively, it will become a very unique and exciting game to play"
,Recommended,393380,19842161,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Dizz,"(Edited on 2016/11/10)RIP social life. :DThe FPS I never knew I've always wanted. It plays like Battlefield 4 but with less hand holding and more hardcore-style elements like gun sway when low on stamina, no crosshairs, no minimap, no killcams, etc. Another close example would be Insurgency, but with bigger maps, vehicles and more focus on teamwork & communication.Sure it's a bit unoptimized (so lower fps than usual) and a bit buggy, but it's definitely a playable alpha and a hell of a good time. I don't think I've enjoyed the FPS genre this much since Day of Defeat: Source came out.Squad is gritty and realistic, expect 1-3 bullet kills on average. I enjoy these types of FPS games the most.This game requires a lot of teamwork to win, and voicechat is nearly mandatory in usefulness (you can still type, but voice is definitely recommended).To be honest I am skeptical as hell about more Early Access state games, but damn am I impressed. It's probably one of the only Early Access games to have an 80%+ overall review on Steam.Expect the ""time played"" number to jump up a lot on this review.5/1/2017 Edit: This mortar patch must have been created in collaboration with Michael Bay. It's getting pretty insane out there, in a good way! There's now a graphic option for effects that goes above Epic, called ""Cinematic"", lol.Vehicles are really balanced as well, it's not like Planetside 2 or BF where there are tons of tanks for everyone and you are forced to go Engineer to have a chance. There are just the right amount. Also now with motorbikes and trucks added, it's easy to get around without taking major objective-control vehicles. This game is becoming something amazing, really."
,Recommended,393380,19853364,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,</BooBoo>,"For the time ive played it, just wow!very tactical gamplay where teamwork is a must. From the hour and a bit that ive played it has truely been a great experience, one being that i got shot and i shouted ""i cant feel my legs""  and the medic came through the radio saying ""ive got you buddy!""  its defo worth the asking price!Edit:  I nominated this game for my own category, Using your mic , you know what i mean."
,Recommended,393380,19915824,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Cosmic,"Squad is honestly shaping up to be one of the greatest MIL-SIMs of all time.|-Overview-|Squad is a realistic, tactical, skill-based FPS. Squad requires TEAMWORK and COMMUNICATION, and a mic is necessary to succeed.|-Pros-|-Active Devs and they Listen to the community-Tactical-Very Tense/Lots of Action-Team Oriented-Skill-Based-Authenticity (The audio and Gun models are spot on)-Graphics are pretty good-Great community-Audio is spot on-Just overall great fun, and even more fun with friends|-Cons-|-This game is EARLY ACCESS so there will be bugs and Glitches-Game apparently has problems with AMD CPUs (People have been saying that I do not have an AMD CPU)-A bit unoptimized on some maps|-Conclusion-|Squad is awesome and I cannot wait till this game is finished. I would completely recommend.Would rate HOORAH!/10"
,Recommended,393380,19935784,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,faggots,EDIT: This game got a HUGE update. Even the performance got updated. Right now its a pretty stable game. The sound is incredible and I haven't seen any other game come as close to real rifles as this game.Everything about this game feels right if you enjoy tactical large scale shooters that force you to cooperate to win. There are no words to describe how good this game has become after countless updates and improvements. This is Early Access done right. Support these guys and their amazing game. Its worth it.
,Recommended,393380,19952874,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Mr. Pistachio,*wants to be a doctor in the army irl*plays 2 hours worth of medic*no longer wants to be doctor10/10
,Recommended,393380,19968397,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,MicOn,GOOD game
76561198036728959,Recommended,393380,19998258,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,GD,good but few cheaterinos. suggesting that they add something to stop those cheaters to ruin the games
,Not Recommended,393380,20029131,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Nath,yet to see a 50 vs 50 battle. false advertising.. graphics are♥♥♥♥♥♥and blurry... performance is terrible and yes it is alpha but so what... well over priced too. devs need to sort all these problems out before charging 29.99 for a game that barely plays. also the server browser is possibly the worst ive ever seen
,Recommended,393380,20093455,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Panda,It is just a really good military sim. allahu akbar.
76561198077497242,Recommended,393380,20345851,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Yuh Boy Bob Mueller,Phenomanal game with huge potential. Matches feel like military operations on a grand scale. So damn fun. I've seen a lot of people say it feels like Arma meets Battlefield and I'd say thats a very appropriate description.
,Recommended,393380,20353603,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Friderichus Maximus,"First of all, this game is still in it's ALPHA stage, so there are still some bugs present, i have however not seen any.There is still alot of optimisation there needs to be done, before this game is done, but omg this game is pure gold in all of it's aspects, the fighting, the FOB/basebuilding.I look forward to the new additions to this game such as humvees, choppers and tanks (maybe)If you need a new game that takes the milsim genre to a new hight? Then this is it."
,Recommended,393380,20401483,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,CBrowny,Personally i feel this to be one of the best if not the best FPS Mil-Sim games currently on the market. The accurate immitation of realism gives it that advantage that other games have yet to achieve by not only requiring people to work together to get things done but to actually communicate as well. I can see this game becoming a massive success with a large respectable community.
,Recommended,393380,20411261,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Dano,Thought it was a bit pricey but I dont regret buying it. Great game
76561198007205021,Recommended,393380,20489425,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,[RIP]Morley187,"Excellent team based game like no other. If you're looking for a call of duty experience stay away, this game is a realistic simulation of warfare. Thumbs up from me!"
76561198208931673,Recommended,393380,20944494,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Warpath,"Very fun game, although I dont think it likes AMD graphics, it seemed buggy to me and had to play on lowest settings possible, and usually play medium-high BF4. Would definitely purchase again once the full game is finished and everythings been tweaked and fixed."
,Recommended,393380,21050706,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,[MWM] Monster Mag,I LOVE this game!! It's amazing and so intens. I love the way you just join a game and then play with some strangers. Everybody is so nice and helpfull and the gameplay is very good.Can't stop playing!
76561198027228197,Recommended,393380,21065336,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,PaleFace75,"first off if you dont like to comunicate and take ordersyou will die and die alot, squad is for people who like to play as a teamyou will spend alot of time on foot at the moment  moving to the targetuntil they include  vehichels. all that said it is realistic. sounds of bulletsflying by is awesome mics in squard are causing frame rate issues with AMD usersand it is a real pain but I think this is a solid game with real potential its early in developementbesides in this game you will learn to read a compus understand how key hole grids work on a mapyou will learn to judge distance to target and how to compinsate for that distanceso that you may kill that target you will lean military commands and lingo or jargenI like tactical shooters and if you do to I think you will enjoy what squad has to offer"
76561198032991397,Recommended,393380,21067224,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Southern Wind,You want PTSD? cause this is how you get PTSD.
,Recommended,393380,19718953,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,TomphaA ッ,"The game is not even nearly ready yet, it is still missing like 80% of its content and it still has almost as much content as the new battlefront game. There is currently only 3 factions and only infantry combat and I feel like I could play hundreds of hours of this. I can just imagine what it will be with the tanks and other vehicles! I certainly recommend this game for anyone that like realistic games."
76561198016107771,Recommended,393380,19729195,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Smokie,"Some serious memory issues/stuttering after a while of playing, but very promising gameplay. It's like Red Orchestra + Battlefield - HUD and unlocks. Also, get a mic. The game is more about teamplay than gunplay."
76561198073139154,Recommended,393380,19729385,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,MelonionPL,76.413/10 IGN and me...
,Recommended,393380,19732653,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Huizka,"Once you get into squad with good squad leader the game gets damn awesome. Simple as that, damn awesome!"
,Recommended,393380,19738239,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Hiyy,"I played ""Project Reality"" for around 6 years and can personally attest to the commitment of this team as both a community member and as a contributor. They are dedicated beyond reason and have overcome huge obstacles to get where they are now. This current reincarnation of the sprit of Project Reality is just scratching the surface of what I am 100% sure this experince will become. Vehicles play such an enormous part in not only the combat portion PR, but also logistical nessecities create game balance (for example the FOB system in Project Reality makes players rely on logistics trucks and helicopter crates to build Fobs and this creates a balanced asemeticality between Blufor and Opfor teams). Squad will not be a true combined arms experince until the vehicals are complete, but the infantry focus is fun and gives us a good taste of what the devs have to offer. I can't wait to see how this will evolve."
,Recommended,393380,19743027,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,LIMP,"Wow this game has a lot of potential.Think Arma 3 on a bit smaller Scale, Withbetter server's, an better optimizations. TheGame has no optimization, or very little at thispoint in development. I have 980 TI, an the game runsbutter smooth an 60 with V-sync... If you want good teamPlay with a lot of differnt roles, i recomend this game. TheCommuinty is great, very freindly, an mature for the most part.Its a Grown up game LOL, is one way of putting it.If you have Arma 3 then you should have this."
,Recommended,393380,19764078,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Don Woonchinster,"This game takes what most other games attempt to do with a realistic shooter, and that is make it fun and hectic at times, but slow, methodical, and rewarding. Most of all, it allows teamwork to count for something, and makes it an important and necessary part of winning. Its still EA, and far from done, and also with a hefty price point. But at this stage, it has a good team working on it, it is being polished, optimized, and new content is being poured into it. Definitely worth the price."
76561198019686362,Recommended,393380,19776675,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,ryan,Give this game a chance!Trust me.  I played for an hour the other day and closed it out because I thought it was trash and didn't know what I was doing.   I joined a server with about 10 people in it and learned how to actually play the game.   Eventually people started joining and it became a full game.  The game lasted about an hour and it flew by.  Teammates were down I would run over and revive and heal them.  Then later me and a sniper were on a hill and I was using binoculars pointing out the enemy and we were blowing them away.  He had 80 kills.  Amazing.  Although I agree the servers could be better optimized but so far I am very addicted to this game and the community is mature.
,Recommended,393380,19812224,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,POO STRIPE KEN,"well i am very much new to the game and the world of tactics, i play arma 3 normally and day z.what can i say about this game so farwell for one if you are new like me get in a server where you have people talking and a  informative squad leader who is always saying orders and discussing stuff, as i found this very helpful and i actually really enjoyed playing the gameoverall this has the core to be something special and different on the market i for one like this game and can see it taking up alot of time when i come on the pc.is this game for you?    well all i can say is give it a try dont be MIC shy and ask things and talk n follow team orders as i say its my first time and if you are into shooting games on pc then it really wont be too hard or long before you get to grips with it as i did straight awayalot of people say lag n so on but i dont have lag or anything like that it is actually really smooth and enjoyable so once again if you are new to this game i would recommend it 100%it is enjoyable.think tactical, think im a bawws, kill two people, then go over a hill run into 5 people and get sat down a proud moment for my first game lol"
,Recommended,393380,19812624,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,[RC] Cola King,great game
76561198004220740,Recommended,393380,19821040,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,HonkeyTheBear,ALOHA SNACKBAR!
,Recommended,393380,19897573,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Lachrone,"I love this game. Fantastic teamwork mechanism and realism.But for SEA region player, we still don't have any dedicated server. SO, I will be back playing this game after some SEA region server comes up."
,Not Recommended,393380,19900422,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,MouseMazeGaming,"Negitive purely on the aspect of over priced game in it's current stage.wishlist it and wait till its on sale. it can beat arma3 in so many ways, but the devs have done nothing to prove it besides trying to charge as much as arma3 when it was in beta."
,Recommended,393380,19940969,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Mutiegenesis,"This is NOT a run & gun shooter!  I love the commmunications and teamwork required for this game.  The players are actually helpful and don't ridule you for not immmediately being ""Pro"".  Maps are huge, Friend/Foe markers are tough to see,  so use map & comms to know who is where.   Squad-squad comms is great, and good squad leaders build defenses (troops use shovels to complete building them once squad leader has placed them.On the other hand, you can spend a LOT of time not in the action, or mysteriously dead.  If you get hit, you could easily bleed out if you don't use a bandage, but supplies are limited so don't shoot yourself in the foot.War is a ♥♥♥♥♥, eh?"
76561198036540694,Recommended,393380,19988754,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,GeorgeKush,Laggy af. Other than that the game is pretty cool.
,Recommended,393380,20102050,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Apple Baboon,"I usually don't write reviews but couldn't help it for this game, you'll need to work as a team to complete the objective and also plan out your attack. You can't just run and gun as you could in Cod or Battlefield but it works if you do it right with flanking because most of the gameplay is flanking and watching your back. Enjoyed this game and cant wait till they add vehicles. It's the only lacking feature since when you die, you have to take a long walk to the warzone and when you get there without your guns up. You just die and repeat unless you plan  your path to the objectives. In other meanings, get this game and enjoy it if you have the money for it."
76561198050364075,Recommended,393380,20144496,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,[IGYB] BruceCannon,"Wow, I can play FPS games again!!! After many many hours of Battlefield 3 and 4 with little break, the old spawn in get a few kills, die spawn back in jump straight back into the fight, rinse and repeat has worn down my ability to enjoy FPS. In those games you rarely ever feel like death matters, unless you are still working on getting a sweet KDR, or playing SQDM. I have tried games like Insurgency which had some features that appealed to me, but nothing has felt fresh enough to keep me going with FPS games for the last year.  In Squad I am on the edge of my seat, my heart leaps at the crack of rifle fire, mind racing with the communication and teamwork required to be a great squad. Squad is a blast from the past, from back to Project Reality days, but also injects much needed energy back into my FPS experiences."
76561198158660175,Recommended,393380,20235259,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Korben Dallas,"Best thing about this game, no little kids play. The communication is off the charts great."
,Recommended,393380,20271853,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Beaver,"Excellent tactical game, runs a lot better than Arma 3 does.  Having a decent mic is essential to enjoy the gameplay."
,Recommended,393380,20341374,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Intersellar Guitarist,"My first impressions for squad: ""Not even 5 minutes of buying the game, I was forced into Russian conscription and built the FOB that lasted until the game ended. Watching my teammates be executed as they tried to leave."""
,Recommended,393380,20389293,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,6 dogs,Server Full: The Game
,Recommended,393380,20489480,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Wraith420,"Great firefight mechanics, if you want a faster paced version of arma this might excite you"
76561197976352769,Not Recommended,393380,21013348,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,brandonrv84,Game loaded fine the first time.  After a restart it freezes on the loading screen.  Wait until they get the bugs fixed before you pay any money for this game.
76561198069087364,Recommended,393380,21064856,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,FoolScrewdriver,"These hours i can't really say i have played this game, but so far i really like it, not only the game, but the game community is among the best. No crying for dying or anything like these childish ""noobing"" just pure awsomeness and i could recommmend this war experience to anyone who likes some slow and squad based war/shooting. Very very happy to be a part of this games alpha state and eager to see what this will come in next few years. GOOD JOB GUYS!!!Highly recommend!"
,Recommended,393380,21072893,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Calico Cody,"Spawn in. Someone in our squad is named Megan Fox. Entire squad spends ten minutes talking about Megan's toe thumbs.Which is good. Keeps us distracted from what lies ahead.The fortress.Word going around command was the emeny would have it locked down in minutes. Squad Lead volunteered us to take it.We skipped all the other points and took a long stealthy path through the woods. Nothing but peaceful sunshine through the leafs and the lighthearted hazing of a young actress gone soldier.The hearts turned heavy the second the first bullet hit. A line of exploding dirt split the squad in half.""Contacts!""The first half ran ahead to cover and the other retreated to find some as well.""Do we have eyes on?!""The group ahead did not find as much cover as they hoped. Neither did our Squad Lead.""Get me some bearings! Numbers, people!""Bullets tore not only into dirt but flesh as the forward force fell.""East! 75!""I pointed my gun to where the enemy should be and saw nothing. I fired anyway.""Medic!""This was when I remembered I was the acting medic. Guilt emptied my heart for forgetting. Yet my heart emptied more when I saw the exposed distance I would have to run to get to the wounded. But I had to. Squad Lead was down and we had no rally point to regroup.I meekly crawled my way through mud and gunfire. The crucible that would be my redemption.""Smoke 'em boys! ♥♥♥♥-tons of smoke!""Friendly grenades find home near my face and hissed out white smoke. A thin blanket to protect me.I only managed to bring up the Squad Lead and two other people (none at full health), before Lead told us to use any smokes we still had. We made a path of smoke to the hill on the other side of the massive opening that would be our proving ground.The four of us ran ahead and the rest of the squad provided cover. Hostile and friendly bullets flew overhead. We just ran.As the sound of the firefight behind us waned, we stopped. Lead placed a rally point. The sound of gunfire got quieter and quieter as our squad died out in the battle we ran from.The rally point provided reinforcements. We lost the enemy, or they didn't bother to pursue. But we were now very close to the fortress. A FOB went up and those that needed it resupplied. Scouts took up positions near the ridge of our big hill we were now calling home.Across a naked road the fortress stood, dugged into the hilltop and laced with trenches. It looked out for us with hundreds of eyes and almost as many guns.""Now we take the fight to them."""
,Recommended,393380,21083913,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,✪Flux,"Really addicting of you are into Shooting Simulators.It's crazy that this is only an early acces game, I can't wait till they add more cars and guns"
76561198211119672,Recommended,393380,21091723,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,The Cancer Kid,"This game is fantastic, easily the best fps ive ever played, its a hard game, but very tactical, teamwork is key, sorta mil-sim but its top notch, and easily worth the $40 imo"
76561198076641595,Recommended,393380,21142319,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,l4z -iwnl-,"Great game-10/10Pros-Gunplay is amazballs-Map size is large and allows for good flanking routes and a second choice for everything-Teams are balances 90% of the time-Active devs that keep the game updated and pay attention to the communityCons-You havent bought it yetOh yea, and remember listen to your Squad Leader, follow orders and dont TeamKill...Welcome to SQUAD"
,Recommended,393380,19717843,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,𝒻𝓋𝒸𝓀 𝒸𝑒𝓃𝓈𝑜𝓇𝓈𝒽𝒾𝓅,"The game is awesome. If you came from Project Reality, you should know what you're in for, as the game plans on being basically an updated version, with some PR content ported over.For those that are new.This game is similar to other ""tactical"" titles out there like ARMA. Where teamplay and coordination take precendence over running around. You will die if you run around on your own. You WILL die.This game offers the tactical play of ARMA, but with a much more casual and streamlined way to get into the game. No longer do you have to have a group of guys you know to do some milsim. All you have to do is simply join a server, join a squad, and then start operating. It's great.For those that don't currently have the funds to play this game, go check out Project Reality. It's totally free."
76561198231141212,Recommended,393380,22441738,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,KremeK,WARNING: This game gets really hectic!So I only have a few hours but holy hell I have already Been Through alot!Ive been-SHot by and RPG-Been a bad Squad Leader and gotten everyone killed-been a sniper-kill a group with 1 Grenade-die and then have 10 other people yelling for medicsand finally-Meet great peopleEveryone I have met so far is an awesome person very Kind and they help out if you have a problemOverall amazing game and very good community!Only downside is they need to update the game so I dont lag. I mean for christs sake I have a GTX 1070 and im getting 40 fps at medium
,Recommended,393380,20034976,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,[51stNY(Co.A)] Cpl.Ryan,"This is a good tactical shooter. You join a Squad ironically at the beggining of a game, or when you join a server, or you create a server. Then you use team communication to work out where your going.What its like as squad rifleman:You ask your squad leader where your going, or whats the plan. Then you do it. Often times your objective is attacking a enemy FOB (forward operations base) or capturing a flag. Sometimes its destroying a enemy weapon cache. If you die, don't ""give up"" use your radio to call for a medic.What its like as a squad leader:When you create your squad people will join it especially at the begining of a game. However if you create it in the middle of a game then only a few if your lucky will join. Anyways, your in charge of creating FOBS (forward operating bases) or rally points which is a spawn that is limited to 9 respawns. After that you must make a new one. You also must tell your members where to go, and whats the objective. You must also talk to other squad leaders and see what they're doing for good team planning. Especially if they're far away from you on the map and are under heavy fire, and your not.Is it worth the money? Yes.Is it fun? Extremely."
76561198110736574,Recommended,393380,30684706,Posted: 23 March,all,Lithium,Squad is hell of a drug
,Recommended,393380,33850665,Posted: 28 July,all,Next_After_Charlie,"Игра стоит 800 рублей при том что единственный канкурент 2000 рублейSquad  для игроков которые хотят купить продукт и больше не париться-просто игратьЧего не сказать про конкурента в котором за 2000!!!!!! рублей ты получаешь бесконечные баги,лагающие текстуры,миллионы левых модов-аддонов-ключей которые надо скачивать для нормальной игрыПЛЮСЫ _хорошая графика и красивые виды,атмосферность боевых действий,хорошое(одыкватное) общение с камандой,что бы нормально и интересно поиграть не надо регестрироваться на сайтах для быдло-ватников и 40 летних алкашей(поверьте я играл и проходил это) отличный симулятор стрельбы и взрывовМИНУСЫ_нет кастомизации ,нет отключения интерфейса, и плохая реализация снайперских винтовок"
76561198183036838,Recommended,393380,34266217,Posted: 15 August,all,¡Matador!,"Be Me, with 18 hours gametime. Monolingual, english only> Join server with 18 people>everyone speaks french, except SL, who speaks english as well as French>""Hey SL, do you want me to leave b'cause I don't speak french?> SL, ""No, its okay, I'll just tell you all the important things in English>round starts>ask SL to build mortar on FOB, he obliges>SL gives me targets and Logi runs to do>I rain death from above and defend FOB> SL tells me I'm doing a great job>We win.10/10 would play on French server again just to be under SL direction :)"
,Recommended,393380,28538353,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,HEHE BOI,A better option than ArmaIII in my opinion.The best part is when you have a funny squad.
,Recommended,393380,30627004,Posted: 19 March,all,Absolut_LaX,"This game is a blast!! If Red Orchestra and Arma had a baby - Squad would be the outcome...Squad is still in Alpha so there are some things that can (and I'm sure will) be polished..but in its current state - the game is already playable, a ton of fun, and way better than most other early access purchases I've made in the past. If you're looking for a modern realistic shooter that puts you right in the middle of a tense ""war like"" situation and expects you to strategize/cooperate with your peers in order to win, this is your game!10/10 would accidentally kill teammates with RPG Blastback again"
,Recommended,393380,30679214,Posted: 22 March,all,Shadowz,"I enjoy this game, damn intense for sure. Great shooter and great updates."
,Recommended,393380,35141592,Posted: 22 September,all,Haroldonicus,"If you're looking for a game review you've come to the wrong place. But if youre looking for a fantastic ravioli recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients- To Make the Dough375 grams (3 cups) plain flour1/2 teaspoon salt2 eggs1/4 cup (50 ml / 3½ tablespoons) olive oil1/2 cup (120 ml / 8 tablespoons) waterExtra flour for dusting- To Make Cheese Filling15 ounces (425 grams) container Ricotta cheese5 ounces (142 g/about 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons) ""3 Cheese Italian Blend"" (Parmesan, Romano & Asiago)Note: grate these cheeses yourself and create your own custom blend.1/2 cup cheddar cheese2 eggs, lightly beaten1/2 teaspoon salt1/2 teaspoon pepper- ExtrasYour favorite sauce for the ravioli (i.e. marinara/ marijuana)Parmesan cheeseBasilFried vegetablesShrimpFish slicesChicken piecesMake the Ravioli filling.- In a small mixing bowl, add the ricotta and mash with a fork.- Add in the 3-cheese blend, Cheddar cheese, eggs, salt, and pepper.- Mix all ingredients thoroughly until you have a smooth, paste-like consistency.- Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and place it in the refrigerator for about 30 minutes.Make the Ravioli dough.- Crack eggs into a large mixing bowl and beat them with a fork. Add water, oil, and salt. Mix.- Add 1 cup flour to the bowl. Use a fork to mix the flour with the eggs, water, oil, and salt. Repeat with the rest of the flour. Mix until a smooth dough is formed.- Clear and clean off a large work surface and dust it with flour. This is where you are going to roll out your dough.- Take the dough out of the mixing bowl, shape it into a ball, and place it on your work surface. Knead for at least 10 minutes or until it becomes elastic.- Dust a rolling pin with flour to prevent the dough from sticking. Roll out the dough until it is about 1/8 inch (1/3 cm) thick, or about the thickness of 2 stacked quarters.- With a cookie cutter or upside-down water glass, cut out circles in the dough (will make about 15-20 dough circles).- Ball up the unused dough and either roll it out and make a couple more raviolis, or wrap it and put in the freezer for another time. Dough can keep for weeks when frozen. Just make sure to wrap well so that it doesn’t suffer from freezer burn or absorb freezer odor.Fill the Ravioli shells.- Take the ravioli filling out of the refrigerator and place a tablespoon of it in middle of a dough.- Fill a small bowl with water, dip your fingers in, and moisten around the outer edge of the dough circle.- Fold the dough in half over the filling, making a half-moon shape. Be sure all the filling stays inside. Pinch the edges together and then seal the edges of the ravioli with a fork. Make sure to press firmly and go all the way around. This will add a “homemade” touch as well.- Repeat this process for all your dough circles.- Dust the finished ravioli with flour to keep them from sticking together.Form the Shells and Fill Using a Ravioli maker.- Roll the dough into two sheets.- Place one sheet on the ravioli maker, and form the filling cups.- Fill with the ravioli mixture.- Lay the second sheet of dough on top, and roll it out. This will seal in the filling.- Remove and separate the finished raviolis.Cook the Ravioli.- Fill a large pot with water and bring to a boil.- Place the ravioli in boiling water for 5-6 minutes, or until they float. You can also test for doneness by nibbling on the edges to test.- If you don't want to make all the ravioli at one time, you can freeze the rest.- Take ravioli out of boiling water with large slotted spoon and place on warmed plates.Serve it up.Top with your favorite sauce, grate some fresh cheese over it, and enjoy!"
,Recommended,393380,30678695,Posted: 22 March,all,Croze,"Squad is one of the most intense games  i play, it is always pulling me back one way or another and is up there on my list of games i play all the time."
76561198235544856,Recommended,393380,28564297,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Scratch,"This is one of the best FPS games out there right along side Arma. I have played this games with many strategies and have learned the hard way that teamwork is the only way to go. My one concern for this game is the optimization, or lack there of, but it is in alpha and i have no doubt they will fix it upon full release."
,Recommended,393380,26613669,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,BRIG Thompson [1BDE],"This game is amazing! People actually talk to each other and strategize. I would recommend this game if you are looking for a close to milsim experience. If that is not what you are looking for, please do the community the favor of not buying it as the game works best when people don't treat it like Battlefield and Call of Duty. That doesnt mean that people wont be happy to help you if you are new, people always seem to be eager to lend a hand but you need to want to learn. A microphone is indefinitely required, as it is a nuisance trying to stratigize with people using text. The game runs well, and judging by my specs, it seems to be more GPU oriented as I have a 1070 but a♥♥♥♥♥♥CPU.Keep in mind, this game is an alpha so all the features are not in but the experience does not suffer much due to that.If all this seems appealing to you, then this game is 100% for you. I look forward to seeing you on the battlefield!"
,Recommended,393380,20128996,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,The Communist Banana,Arma♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Battlefield in a dark ally and Battlefield had the Baby and named it Squad
,Recommended,393380,26898393,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,George.cpp,Best milsim on the universe.Get it now.Full price is worth it.100/10
,Recommended,393380,24100982,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,[NFG] RSTV.GAMING,This is what Arma should have been and its in alpha stage....
,Recommended,393380,26601661,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,InsaniaC,"This game is a lot of fun playing with friends but also playing with randoms.The game still needs some basic features, but keep in mind it's early access.There is potential, but there's a long way to go. Overall I would recommend this game,although there might be buggy/ annoying moments."
76561198020357988,Recommended,393380,27928377,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Jarod,"A great game with a great developement team. I have had some of the best gaming moments playing Squad. When you have a amiable team magic happens even when doing simple tasks like scouting/patrolling. At current it is a very stable alpha (after some hiccups as is expected) and has progressively gotten better and more enjoyable through the different versions/patches. It steps away from the overly saturated/dramatised run and gun style of CoD and co. It sits between Battlefield and ArmA in terms of gameplay. At times things can get anti-climatic when holding a point or making footslogs through the giant maps. In saying this I believe it is a good thing at times  because when♥♥♥♥♥♥the fan it is intense, brutal and honestly scary. All hallmarks of an immersive tactical experience. Keep the content and goodness coming Offworld Industries!"
,Not Recommended,393380,30154308,Posted: 24 February,all,REDFISH,If you don't have an Intel build then don't even attempt with this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Unless you have a decent AMD processor and a good♥♥♥♥♥GPU you won't be getting any good FPS.
76561198031245011,Recommended,393380,28302946,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Death's Hand,"so far 7.9 hours in, and i can deffinitly say this game still has potential to kick arma's♥♥♥♥♥ i would rather play this now and i havent looked back at arma since.  they captured the realisim in sound and game dynamics.  sometimes playing this literally feels like a movie, its epic. you rely on your senses and good judgement skills when engaging it by far is the most immersive milsim i have ever played.  they need to add night missions with NV gear included, and i hope they add more vehicles and weapons platforms. and judging by the forums...the brits are coming ;)  cant wait!"
,Not Recommended,393380,22293022,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Royal,"If you buy this on an amd rig, get that refund immediately.That's all."
76561197960825036,Recommended,393380,24445753,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,ZatgunZ,Really good game. Kinda forcing people to communicate is a pretty good idea. This game does that and then pushes you  into a tacitcal battle. You will really feel good when you have a team leader that knows his/her stuff. It can change the tide of a battle. Overall great game.Cons. Not sure if they are using the crappy Arma engine but it feels like it. It makes huge maps but is laggy and feels flunky.
76561198095876572,Recommended,393380,26211699,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,GhostAssassin,"Best walking simulator there is, maps are huge, plenty of hills, trees and roads to walk around. great fun*for those looking for more. This game is one of the best tactical shooters there is atm. a great replacement for the aging project reality. if u dont get derpy team m8s then this game can be fun, tense and sometimes exhilerating. open maps allow for great variety of tactics and the range of loadouts to choose from is great.i only wish the scope for the marksman class to zoom in more, the tickets/lives per game to increase and more vehicles too be added (which will happen in the near future), oh an where are us brits, why we not a faction.this game has the tactical feel arma should but doesn't have, thats why i chose this over arma"
76561198133671678,Recommended,393380,26157156,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,ShiaLaButtFuck,"One of the best FPS I have played; even in it's early state. It's in early access, so it has it's issues. But it has a very solid developing crew, and has a whole lot of promise.The game requires teamwork, communication, and is one of the best military simulators out there.Support these developers and buy this, it's worth it's $40 and more!"
,Recommended,393380,29111677,Posted: 8 January,all,Khan Zhao,"-Looking for a game like Battlefield but something realistic ?-You wish to have some great Team-work experience, like something real & actual ?-Do you want to experience an actual urban battle without people spamming explosives around the place ?-And for the last part, do you have about an hour to fight in the same map ?Then you should totally buy this game without any doubt. It was one of the best investments i did back in 2016!"
,Recommended,393380,29726119,Posted: 5 February,all,Krave_Justiice,Reall good game considering how early developed it is. Great gameplay and its not that hard to learn the flow of the gameplay too. would definitely reccomend
,Recommended,393380,29736942,Posted: 6 February,all,The Devil Z,"I've clocked 66.5 hrs and I have to say that this game is AMAZING. The pacing of the game is just perfect and nothing is ""over the top"" like in other games similar to this genre. Communication is a must and it helps you play the game as it is meant to be played; as a SQUAD. Definitely not an arcade shooter, but the firefights will get you pumped to another level. Plus when you are ready, assume the role of Squad Leader and lead your team to victory.Mechanics of the game are pretty simple. Select a Squad, a role, and fulfill objectives. And because it is an Alpha, expect to have glitches and other quirky things happening around you. However, the game is pretty polished as it stands.I definitely recommend this game to people that are looking for a game similar to Battlefield but at a much slower pace. A little more realistic than your average shooter and mostly filled with a mature gaming vibe."
76561198014636228,Recommended,393380,29720960,Posted: 5 February,all,potikoutlaw,very hardcore shooter ! not for the Call of duty players ! this game is like a realer version of battlefield but large scale and more team work ! it takes alot time to get good at this game
,Recommended,393380,22908338,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Michael.,"Legit Realism, Legit maps, Legit community, Legit dev's, Legit game. 10/10."
,Recommended,393380,24480225,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Diveris,Fockin awesooome!
76561198243126766,Not Recommended,393380,23342111,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,ACID♡IsHappiness,If you own an AMD cpu just wait.♥♥♥♥♥♥s rediculous
,Not Recommended,393380,22075851,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Tony The Tiger,Honestly I like this game but there are hardly any players on servers and the most popular needs a password to join
,Recommended,393380,19949983,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,ηikke,awesome game my pc is just too crappy to run it so i refunded it
,Recommended,393380,19708721,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,✪ Cheerios320 | Collector,Alan Snackbar Simulator 2015
76561197963555405,Recommended,393380,19828061,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Allan,"The best large-scale infantry combat experience ive ever had!Ive had some IRL army training and i must say that this game, out of games like arma and insurgency, most accurately represents the emotional experience you have as an infantryman (in an irl simulated environment).UPDATE:So glad i bought this game, its been months now but its SO much better now. Performance is significantly improved and many new small additions to the game. BUY IT (if you like the general gist of it)."
76561198050162710,Not Recommended,393380,20984309,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Madpack,There's no real support for AMD
76561197967324477,Recommended,393380,23010681,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Aston,Awesome Tactical Shooter great community lots of International friendly banter.
76561198243702432,Not Recommended,393380,19950730,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Qingu,"As a fan of the old Battlefield games, I see a lot of promise in Squad. Once more maps, vehicles and more weapons etc. are added, I think this will (at some point in the future) be an excellent game. However, at this early Alpha stage, there simply isn't enough content to justify the $40 price tag.I look forward to recommending this game when more content is added, but as it stands, there simply isn't enough content to keep me interested."
,Recommended,393380,31135286,Posted: 14 April,all,Chris,The perfect middle-ground between ARMA and Insurgency.
,Recommended,393380,33546055,Posted: 14 July,all,Kart Kommander,It's not cod. It's not Battlefield. If you don't have patience and just wanna run and gun this game is not for you. If you like teamwork and milsim this game is for you.If you want to see if you wwill like this game but dont wanna pay for it then go play Project Reality which is a mod for Battlefield 2. (it's free). Project Reality is almost identical to Squad given graphics and some vehicles.
76561198118912984,Recommended,393380,35325728,Posted: 29 September,all,Kingsman,"This game is the literaly definition of ""You're never to young to get Vietnam flashbacks."""
,Not Recommended,393380,25066809,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Danger Dangle,"Should be renamed ""Fatal Error!""edit: i7 4790k w/ GTX 1080 12gb RAM and I get 30 fps on max. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Even for EA."
,Recommended,393380,35473527,Posted: 4 October,all,Alexander,"Can't stop recommending this game!Great devs, great community. If you want a game that's in between ARMA and Battlefield(when it comes to realism) this is the game for you."
76561198094038320,Not Recommended,393380,33114509,Posted: 1 July,all,Jman508,"Dev censorship of any criticism on the forums is obscene.game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥constantly and crashes non stop.halfassed features or garbage implementation.""BUT HURDURDUR ITS IN ALPHA"" dayz standalone has been in beta/alpha ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t since launch, that excuse isnt valid anymore just like it is on this game, the unfinished game excuse is slowly dissapearing from this game just like it has dissapeared from dayz standalonethis whole releasing a game before its official launch or when its finished is just an excuse for games to have a catchall excuse for any complaints or criticisms. i hope with steams new implementation of how games get onto steam gets rid of games like this and DAYZSA, a game in alpha shouldnt be 40 dollars, period no exceptions at all, even at the 20 dollar discounted price it isnt worth it."
76561198205412900,Recommended,393380,26663949,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Thegreenzzz,good game
,Recommended,393380,35353759,Posted: 30 September,all,Faunebakk,This is a very good FPS game with a lot of tactics and teamwork!
,Recommended,393380,35485353,Posted: 4 October,all,psykk,"squad > arma3 if you like tactic shooters more than simulationsheadset duty, teamplay has main prioritygreat squad(spawn)-systemnice weapon handlingcompare to arma, nice slaged movementgameplay is between arma and insurgency"
,Recommended,393380,35315043,Posted: 29 September,all,[PBS] Japke90,"When I first played this I thought it was not very amusing. I didn't join a proper squad and I wandered around for ages going from main base objective because I kept dying at first contact with enemies.However when I found myself a descent squad and I learned to follow orders, role play a bit and play purely for the team work I found out this is the best military game experience there is.If you're looking for realism this is the gamr you need."
,Recommended,393380,33552219,Posted: 14 July,all,mckinleyr94,Great combination of hardcore shooter mechanics and teamplay with classic shooter controls. There's a learning curve but the community is (Mostly) pretty inviting and you'll probably start being an assest to your team after about the first 5 hours.
76561198376939282,Recommended,393380,33609558,Posted: 17 July,all,Jaydogg,"ive had 59 hours on this game and i can say that it has potential, this games a great military simulator kind of game, 1 maybe 2 shots and your dead which is realistic but it can also be annoying for people that are used to call of duty or battlefield, it has other great realistic mechanics such as gun recoil, radio conversations to your squad and squad leader, you build outposts anywhere out in the field its like no other military game youve played, its nearly impossible to controll your rifles recoil on full auto so most players use single fire, im saying all of this cos this game isnt for everyone this is a type of game thats slow paste with realistic combat mechanics, no run and gunning, no quick scoping and no 10 shots and your finally dead kind of game, its a slow paste gamer you could be sitting therer with your squad for 20mins before you see contact but when contact happens its insane, the gun fire and the bombs sound so real. so like i said if you like a slow pasted more realistic type of military shooter then this is the game for you but if you like a quick paste run and gun game then no you shouldnt buy it."
76561198179774865,Recommended,393380,33557948,Posted: 15 July,all,Cpt Tom Cruise,Great game. You need to be a competitive person and play focused though. Not popular to play casuall or half slack it.
,Not Recommended,393380,24625766,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Kenophobia,"Unfortunately, Squad is not currently in a state where I can remotely recommend this game. After playing for approximately 5 hours, I certainly had my fun with the game. However, at the price tag of $39.99, it cannot stand on it's own two feet. Indeed, it is currently in Alpha, however, there are an assortment of lag / framerate issues that prevent this from currently being playable. My recommendation? Wait. There's a lot of potential for Squad to be a great game down the road, unfortunately, that's not right now."
,Recommended,393380,35302189,Posted: 29 September,all,muckguppy,"I was apprehensive about buying Squad because of A) Hardcore Military Sim with a niche audience B) Not a huge development team onboard and Early Access and C) How would it run on my reasonably old hardware (gtx 770, i7 950, 12 gb Ram)I sold a shirt from PUBG and suddenly decided it was time to give it a whirl. First impressions, ok, not exactly polished as far as animations or optimisation goes, but there is a good community at hand and the realism is on point. Visibility was hard until I tweaked the graphics (LOW except for 1.5+ upsampling, NO AA) and now it runs great and I can spot enemies.Give it a go if you've been on the fence, hang in there for a few matches and you'll find it really hits the spot. I hope the devs keep up the good work, because no other game is doing it quite like this.PS. the best menu music i've ever heard, no joke"
76561198206685900,Recommended,393380,35320353,Posted: 29 September,all,AmercA,Ehhhh....its pretty good.
,Recommended,393380,33547645,Posted: 14 July,all,[MAWC] Pete,"The best multiplayer shooter since BF2, and its still in early access."
,Recommended,393380,33668276,Posted: 20 July,all,AJ -BnC (Free2toke),"Absolutly great. And getting better, really tests your pc if you like high def real action packed moments. It has so many movie moments filled with mature team work player base. I love it, its amazing. And updtes just keep coming"
76561198144006333,Recommended,393380,35362943,Posted: 30 September,all,Jager,"Hey you! Yes you! Too poor and miserable to afford ArmA? Your microwave capable of running ArmA better than your current depressing set up and want a suitable game as a replacement? Well, if you choose the first option then this game is for you!The game is pretty neat and what it offers later down the line is just a little ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic. If you come from Project Reality wanting to see a replica with updated graphics (but with less content) then Squad is for you. The game does not run well on some machines, but it runs somewhat fine on my end (and I have AMD) with high settings and some special effects lowered or completely off.The game is not easy. You will die a lot and probably rage sometimes because your team is being run by brain dead spider monkies, but when you're in a squad with a capable squad leader and squadmates, it can be really fun (considering most matches last around 40 minutes or more unless your team gets obliterated for already said reason).The only con I have is the inability to lock certain vehicles to a crewman class (as in PR) to stop people from solo transporting and/or trolling. (Yes, there will be trolling from talented lyrical artists spamming extremist islamic music and people running you over for an eternity) There are also some other community related issues that I won't include because it hurts my head.Buy the game when it's on sale please."
,Recommended,393380,35501985,Posted: 5 October,all,Alastair Mac,One of the best war simulators I have ever played.
76561198064857452,Recommended,393380,35462303,Posted: 3 October,all,Clitosaurus,Amazing devs and community
76561198016521212,Recommended,393380,33639887,Posted: 18 July,all,ZelmaxXx,"Best experience off all time IMHO, and best spent money on game. But be awere it's highly addictive."
,Not Recommended,393380,19728427,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Fazzerasty,"Review from 16/12/2015:+ Good gun mechanics(kill+ Emphasis on tactical play and teamwork, no run and good+ Surprisingly good sound design- God awful optimization ( i5 OCed to 4,4, GTX 980 ) - low settings and I barely hit 60 fps. Seems to be a trend in EA nowadays, hopefully it will get fixed as it did in ARK (same engine)- Graphics, although not super important in this kind of game, are 'meh'- BAD UI (another common thing in EA games)- No proper tutorial, all you get is an option to run around and shoot on the field. This might be problematic for new players- LAGS- NO EASY WAY TO JOIN SERVER WITH FRIENDS. Sorry for caps, but this is a dealbreaker for me. I choose my games based on the fact whether or not I can easily play with my buddies. No server filters, no ability to invite or join friend. This surprised me the most, since this game relies heavily on teamwork. 'Wise' redditers wrote ""Pick server. Join server. Tell your friend the server name"" and that would be fine there was a name filter. We tried few times, couldn't find servers, then when we did it was full. It's sad that 2015 lacks basic features of multiplayer game.Now, I REALIZE THAT THIS IS EARLY ACCESS GAME. I know that things will change. Please do not blindly defend the game with posts like ""Have you ever played an alpha before? Do people not understand the concept still?"". Just don't.I would be ok with all of this, if the game was cheaper. 37 euro for EA title is waaaaay too much.Oh, and lets not forget that game description states 50vs50 and vehicle gameplay - both absent in current version of the game.In conclusion, do NOT buy the game, wait some time before some of the issues get fixed. Since I've already played more than two hours I cannot refund this title, I will try update this review as often as possible."
76561198068294980,Not Recommended,393380,20389119,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Vamanandy,"After almost 10 hours of playing all different types of play styles(serious and tactical, casual, and dicking around) i feel like IN ITS CURRENT STATE 1/07/2016 the game is terrible. Sure, squad offers unique game play that is somewhere between battlefield and arma3, the game is still really underdeveloped. i feel like the devs only released this to collect money.Pros: 1. team work seems to function well in this game about 75% of people use mics which is unheard of in arma 3 and battlefield.    2. easy to jump right into a game and get into a squad that's communicating   and being effectiveCons: 1. graphics..... this game looks about the same as arma 2 but runs worse..............2. gunplay.. tho most guns kill in 1,2, or 3 hits(rarely 3) i felt the accuracy was just weird and i never could figure out how much to lead targets for travel time or if there even was any it felt highly dependant on ping in arma i never had this problem and im farely goood at arma 3 with 550+ hours3. $40 F*CKING DOLLARS WHO THE F*CK DO THESE DEVS THINK THEY ARE......sorry i get heated just thinking about that.....Arma 3 was $20 when it released to early access( which is when i bought it) and was worth every penny if u have thought about getting squad and u dont own arma 3 well get the f*ck outa here and buy that sh!t. i could COMPLETELY understand a $40 price tag or hell even a $50 one at release but in alpha this is not ok.4. No party system. u cant pair up with friends before u join u have to join and switch to same teams and hope it lets u(usually it does but not if the server is near full).so if u made it this far congrats im glad u read this bc i wish i had this review before buying this sh!t. You're probably wondering why did he buy this game. same reason u probably will and or have. the gameplay looks pretty fun and my friend loves it he playes it everyday and i cant stand it. now for good ending im sure someday this game will be good and playable (for me) and i will probably get my moneys worth but we are far from that. so brb in 1 year to review this game again"
76561198016443146,Not Recommended,393380,19801079,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,AeRoTR,"AMD cpu and gfx card, think twice.AMD fx6300, r9 270x, 8 gigs, win 7 64 bit = 20 FPS on LOW or EPIC settings.Hope they improve the performance of this game.  For now NOPE."
76561198083032484,Not Recommended,393380,19752191,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,KNEEGROW,"After 30 minutes of gameplay i tried to refund this game. My specs are close to the minimum requirements so if you have a high end PC this review prolly is not so much of use for you.Gameplay, moving is not smooth very clunky, the map looks so ugly, the same walls everywhere most rooms are empty (ihave not seen a room with anything in it just on the screenshots at storepage it looks nice.)Shooting doesntfeel like youre holding a gun, its feels like operation flashpoint 2001 and looks like it. compared to insurgency were it just feels so good. When i opend fire on some bandits that werent even looking at me i couldnt even hit them cause of the fps drops it felt like dayz.Teamwork was there the squad i joined was using their mics i really liked this.Bad fps, clonky gameplay, runs horrible, just looks bad asswel really deja vu flashpoint 2001, 2015 now guys hello!Idk, these kind of games is what i am waiting for, but it wasnt poplayaable for me ..sorry bad langauge its not my native language"
76561197977395374,Recommended,393380,19735969,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Tryst,Started the game.Joined a Server.Joined an Insurgent Squad.The first words that I heard: ALAHU ACKBAR!10/10!
,Recommended,393380,24072387,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,GameOfConez,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　　　　　　　　,）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
76561197961851370,Not Recommended,393380,21633805,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Trifelin,This is a decent game in its current state but it is not worth the price tag they are asking.I would wait another 6- 9 months so the team has more opportunity to expand on the work they have already done.If you are a fan of the battlefield franchise and enjoy capture the flag then this is the game for you.Once they make the maps 75% larger and refine graphics and hit logic this game will be awesome.This game is perfect for the people that only 30 minutes to an hour to play as anything after will just frustrate you.This game as serious potential to be a jump in jump out light weight milsim.
,Not Recommended,393380,23568775,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Rocket Man,This game is lucking a lot of features of any decent war sim:You can`not brace MG or any other wepon. You can be revived till medic gets bored.Wepons do not have physical shape (you can aim withoput restiction in tight spots)You can lay down in corners (clipping yay!)No signs of destructible environments.God forbid you to take enemy wepons.Etc.Refund.
76561198138033211,Not Recommended,393380,21214387,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,xiroman3,"Let me just say THIS GAME IS NOT WORTH 40 DOLLARS! Squad is still in a very early stage, and if you think that this game is anything like the trailer, it is not! I did not see 1, not 1 hummer yet, and I played for 5 hours! This game has potential, but is NOT worth 40 bucks."
,Not Recommended,393380,20700127,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Lieutenant Dan,"Graphics slightly improved from battlefield 2, along way off of the quality of Arma2. Not worth the $50Au. 4 months later and this game is still terrible, still in alpha and still incomplete. The developers seem to have gone on hollidays with Rocket."
,Not Recommended,393380,32840479,Posted: 26 June,all,The Sorrow,"What information should be conveyed to the player in a Milsim? What should show up on the HUD? How should reinforcements be handled?Squad answers this with a modified system from BF2 and ""Project Reality"", the spiritual predecessor to this game.I don't recommend this if you mostly play Rising Storm 2, Red Orchestra 2, Insurgency, or Day of Infamy.I recommend this if you mostly play Arma 3, America's Army 2/3, Project Reality, Operation Flashpoint.This game is for people who enjoy sitting around repairing deployable cover while an enemy fires at them from a kilometer away.Wait until more maps come out. Wait until more mechanics and vehicles are implimented.Wait until Strike at Karkand is remade and there's a 24/7 Infantry Only server. That's when you'll know this game is ready.Until then, i'm going to pay attention to this game and see how it goes."
76561198182943381,Recommended,393380,24502458,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Charbi,"By no means is this game bad, but it's definetely not meant for everyone, and it has a long way to go.Pros-This game is extremely realistic and combat gets very intense.-It takes a lot of teamwork to accomplish anything.-Extremely satisfying using the weapons they're not klunky.Cons-Though the combat is very nice most of the time you have no idea where any enemy is because of the bizzareish lighting on the desert or forest backround. I usually just end up behind a rock waiting for the gunfire to stop.-I like how teamwork accomplishes things but since the maps are so huge its almost impossible to keep up with your squad. As a beginner I die a lot and the 1 spawnpoint is at the farthest west it can be and your squad is somewhere very far east in the north. If you manage to travel to them without being shot. You have spent a good 8 minutes getting there. Either the game ends or you die right away or your team has moved without you again. So the game just ends up being you limping behind your squad.-Maps are way to bigI reccomend this game to hardcore war realism gamers. It is not casual, it will make you frusterated. It is hard and long. It's glorious moments are limited to around one awesome part every 3 rounds. Anyone else dont be mislead by the glory shots in the trailers. It's very hard to achieve that and the game is not friendly to beginners it will bully you out. So if you really wanna play it you gotta suck it up and push through its misery, but I imagine after a lot of work this game would be awesome.I really hope they make a small intense combat urban map."
76561198143518656,Not Recommended,393380,23527360,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,ThatOneGuyFromUp,"Honestly, this game is pretty cool but has so many frustrating aspects that just completely ruin the aspect of the game.  This game requires an amazing computer to run at a steady frame rate.  If you don't have an amazing PC then you are forced to play a laggy/choppy game, basically a slideshow of the scenery.  You could also lower the graphics to low and not see anything including enemies this you are either killed by them or are 5 feet in front of them.  The players are also very serious which I understand is the point but it is incredibly hard to catch on to the call outs and technical words used by he experienced players.  I hope for them to optimize this game and fix the many bugs within this mediocrely created game.  My mic doesn't even work with the game because of its confusing setting and terrible setup.  (My mic works for every single one of my games other than this game).  Do not buy his game if you don't have a above average PC and don't buy it if you don't want to take time to learn the terms the players use."
,Recommended,393380,20117647,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,[BSB] Rhym3z,"Imagine Arma, but fun.."
,Not Recommended,393380,20495514,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Chewie,I recommend waiting until the game is further along in development to purchase it. I wouldn't recommend buying it right now. It has a lot of potential though.
76561197966620714,Not Recommended,393380,19744605,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,[RoCT] SilentDeathja,The game as of this reveiw is in a pretty poor state with low fps lots of stuttering and poor servers (which can all be expected in a alpha release) The gameplay when it works is great & it has a lot of promise.TLDR: Decent game butwait until release or atleast until beta.
,Recommended,393380,26568859,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Unmutual,"Free weekend has done nothing but tank reviews because people have no idea what they are walking into. If you're familiar with BF2's Project Reality then you probably already know all of this. Squad is a 50v50 milsim where communication is absolutely required, and that's probably one of the reasons many of you are having a bad time. It's a pretty complex title what with rally points, FOBs, logistics, fortifications, etc, so it's going to take a couple rounds for you to get your bearings. Speak with your squad leader, talk with your Squad, work together and move as a unit, and you'll be okay. Everyone has a few ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games where you're stuck with a SL that has no idea what their doing, in those cases try your hardest to rally your team and plan a course of action.You'll be in milsim nirvana after your first proper victory.Constant 60fps@1080p max settings (no supersampling)i7-4790K + GTX 970"
,Not Recommended,393380,31654145,Posted: 9 May,all,SurfnBird,My current review is game seems fun player base expanding graphics look great biggest letdown is the lack of opptimizationwith and i7-5820k and gtx970 I should be able to install this game and run it with out having to tweek and look up work arounds but unfornatly a larg portion of the player base cant get more than 10fps my cpu gpu both using less than 30% of there total usage just lame. once they fix that its worth your money.
,Not Recommended,393380,23482564,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Marked One,poorly optimized
,Not Recommended,393380,20897393,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,twitch.tv/desikat,"No where near worth $40 currently and even when vehicles are added I don't see it being worth it - the mod is free, play that instead until/if it get's better.  Don't bother with this if you have anything AMD, you'll have fun in your game files for a couple hours trying to fix things."
76561198034989056,Not Recommended,393380,23408936,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,scammer,I got VAC BANNED without any reason after few month didn't play ! ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
,Not Recommended,393380,30262618,Posted: 1 March,all,muhammad,my game keeps crahsing
,Not Recommended,393380,20533475,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,I_NEED_JUICE,"Squad has great potential of become the most realistic fps on the market. Unfortunately, that may not happen due to all of the lag spikes, crashes, and glitches that come with the game. This game is still in early alpha stage but it should be at least be able to play. I hope this game becomes what we all expect and I hope I won't regret spending $40 on this game any time soon.Edit: It has been more than a year from January 16th 2016 to February 26th 2017. I decided to download the game again and give it a spin. and NOTHING has changed, at least from my perspective. The lag is incredibly slow. I feel like a snail crawling along. And it takes me around 20 minutes to find  server that WORKS. What a nightmare."
76561198091005981,Not Recommended,393380,29814386,Posted: 9 February,all,White Coyote,"Gave the game a try, and I didn’t like it. Two games and you’re are far beyond the refund point. The game feels like a booted version of Arma due to its poor quality. Here I thought Arma had bulky character controls, this game goes far and beyond the call of duty to make itself the champ of worst character handling. I feel like a robot riddle with rust that is made out of spaghetti because recoil is over exaggerated. Toss in the poor ironsights, and you got a combat ineffective recipe. Another issues was the health system. It felt like body armor was not a thing, since a cotton t-shirt was enough to stop a few bullets. What's this game trying to be? A realistic shooter, a simulator, or just some social game- because people are lonely and this is the only game you can interact with others?Overall, if you want a functioning game that has outgrown the illness this premature Running Simulator 2k16 suffers from, I would recommend Arma. Better bang for your buck.If this game was ten dollars instead of forty dollars, than I would'nt mind the PI $$ state it is in."
76561198068782704,Not Recommended,393380,33774822,Posted: 24 July,all,MDeath,Decent game with a lot of good ideas but the community is deteriorating fast.
,Not Recommended,393380,20741643,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,ßenjiChαsin,Walking simulator. And a bunch of people trying to rp military......
76561198037769592,Recommended,393380,19734858,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Sweetcheeks,"Squad is what many of us have been waiting for.A tactic based shooter with a goal of winning. To acheive a win, it requires teamwork, communication, and skill. No airstrikes, no chopper gunner, and no BS.Squad in its current state is barebone infantry only. The action still there even on the large scale maps where vehicles will be implemented soon(tm). Being early access, squad is plagued by more than a few bugs and a lot of people have struggled with performance in the first days of release. Normally, I would leave a negative review if this was the case - but with squad the devs have worked so closely with the community I have no doubt in my mind about the completion of squad in its enterity. Early acess for this game was an excently idea, as we, the community, can now play and give feed back THAT IS ACTUALLY HEARD. Join us on reddit(reddit.com/r/joinsquad)or the squad forums to give some feed back and voice your concerns/compliments with the everyone else in the community.I reccomend this game if you enjoy shooters with a steep learning curve and large amount of difficulty. This game is to BF4 what Insurgency is to CSGO. It is NOT easy, NOT arcade-y, and NOT easy.46$ (CAD) for early acess is quite steep, imo, and with the current state of bugs and performance issues was too high of a price to pay. I payed this price because I have never seen such active Dev's and fully trust these guys to finish this masterpiece. (They come from Project Reality, incase you were unaware). So bare that in mind as you proceed.P.S. Speny is a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198153006159,Not Recommended,393380,22981019,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Vladimir Putang,"this game is absolutly balls! been playing it for about a year but stopped playing it all of a sudden because my friends stopped, came on the other day and got a ban on the game, not recommending it as they said I joined a hacked lobby or some bullcrap and the vac cannot be removed, don't get it as you will get a vacation if you join a hacked lobby by mistake.It was fun at time :')"
76561197960859503,Not Recommended,393380,25080082,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Deadknight-AK,"Pro:- Great Sound- Good VoiP- Easy to ""learn""- Gorgeous Particle Effects- Great Suppression EffectContra:- Severely Overpriced- Technically really unstable at times (Fatal Errors)- Performance is unstable- Terribly optimized for AMD-Systems- Currently low amount of players- Lag, lots and lots of lag- Hard to find a server that is neither full nor empty- Teamplay with randoms is at times really frustrating- Certain classes will always be taken, others are never occupied- There is ""just"" multiplayer against other players- No mod support- Desolves into ""pixel hunts"" at medium to long ranges- Tendency to swallow mousebutton inputs at times.Like anyone else defending this game is going to tell you: ""It's an alpha"".But that doesn't mean complying with poor quality at all costs.The argument always is ""It's an alpha so stuff you don't like is going to change.""But change has been painstakingly slow and honestly;IT'S AN ALPHA.So even the stuff that one LIKES isn't bound to remain in the game. Nor is ANYTHING AT ALL by the ensuing logic of it being an Alpha and everything.Sure it has potential.But is it worth playing?No.Right now it's just an average ""multiplayer only"" shooter with a handfull of servers nearly completly full and hard to get a spot on, with roughly two dozen completly empty ones.And honestly... it's not even fun.Severely overpriced and overhyped game in my humble opinion.If I could I would want my money back and that says a lot.Sorry, but a definitive NO on this one."
76561198151058845,Not Recommended,393380,23802810,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,LE CONSANGUIN,"Worse coded game ever, freeze&crash simulator 2016 (same problems since release December 2015).King Dayz is out now, new king Squad is here."
,Recommended,393380,20400304,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Swissmate,Like Skyrim but with Squads 10/10
,Recommended,393380,19742016,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Matt609pbone,"This game is amazing. Excellent teamwork and gunplay, the sights are a little bit wonky for my taste but it is just something that you have to get use to. The graphics are great and the devs are nice people, it also has a pretty massive player base so there is always 5-10 full lobbies. Overall this game is a great buy, one I have been looking foward to for at least a year!"
76561198047624482,Recommended,393380,19735001,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Hero Prinny,I would recommend this game to anyone that likes tactical and team work based games. It runs a lot better than another MilSim (Not mentioning names) and has a lot to do. Hopefully some new features will be added and all that stuff but so far the game has been amazing.
,Not Recommended,393380,22044854,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,sandles for ducks,"Not worth the money tbhIt says it has 50vs50 man servers, i've never seen one. Only like 70 or 72 max, and even then the server population seems to have declined a lot.The game isn't well optimised, there are still no vehicles, the developer is a bit of a whiner and refuses to add blood or gore into the game because he tested it once and it ""disturbed him""Play Project Reality for BF2 instead for now :~)Edit:-It's still♥♥♥♥♥♥ the developers are focusing on fancy new skins and stupid features like ""hey guys look at our work-in-progress models for the british faction!"" - who cares? Fix you ♥♥♥♥ing game before adding new units and factions to it, it's a glitchy mess."
,Not Recommended,393380,25082976,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,CoorsFrostBrew,This game is just not very good. Poorly optimized making the gunplay awful.
76561198001497522,Recommended,393380,21291387,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,HODOR,"PROS:- tactical realism- ptsd moments- superior squad system- heavily team basedCONS:- little white boys yelling Allahu Akhbar (God is great - in arabic) every other second- team killing while doing the above- cod players running off attempting to do their own thingPROS still outweigh the games, if you are a muslim, or just does not like obnoxious kids, just ignore them or offend them back by saying mayonaise iakbar. White kids love mayonaise."
,Not Recommended,393380,22749820,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Spedunkle,"Game would be super nice if there wasn't a giant launch error every time I tried to do it. I shouldn't have to google how to get the game working regardless of my system, which is a very awesome system."
,Not Recommended,393380,24437571,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Rotlaust,Its got a long ways to go. Basically right now its people running around a large map on foot shooting at other people. There isnt much as far as gameplay goes. Hold off a few more months and get it on sale if youre really itching to give it a try. I got a refund for it and may retry this game in the future if there is some serious development. If you have Arma 3 you have no need to buy this game as is.
76561198189760641,Not Recommended,393380,22990459,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Impression,"If your computer is♥♥♥♥♥♥or you are outside of U.S, i do not recommend this game. You wont be able to find a server which ping is not over 200. Even if you managed to connect to a server, it is impossible to play as you will be lagging all the time."
76561197989667638,Not Recommended,393380,25539233,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,=BIG= Kody,"Not worth the 40 bucks. Maybe 10. Be prepared to run more than do anything else. Would be better with vehicles or smaller maps. The sound is amazing though. Not sure if the game will be finished ever, so also do to that, not worth the amount of money. Graphics could be a lot better as well. WIll still check here and there, but not a game that I get excited to play, only if freinds want to."
,Not Recommended,393380,19887630,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Isaac,"Currently not worth the price, it has a ton of potential, but not worth the price at the moment."
76561198003970162,Not Recommended,393380,19952876,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,AmericanDipper yeee yeee,Save youself 40 dollars and look into Tactical Battlefield for Arma 3.
,Recommended,393380,19734169,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Razer,"Buy it ,you will make America great again!"
76561198090049360,Not Recommended,393380,24785652,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,armyvet70,"Not worth $40 in its current iteration; maybe $20-$30.  Its an alpha so if you are asking me to pay $40 it better be a really POLISHED alpha.  Instead there are plenty of bugs, crashes and glitch gremlins.  IT doesnt mean the game isnt fun...because it IS fun.  But the pricepoint and the experience dont match up."
,Not Recommended,393380,20524626,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,-=312th=- mayko_88,"THE BADallright I played 10 mins or so (yes, thats short) but in 10 mins i experienced COD - whole squad was pinned down by spawn campers, hackers, and all under the graphics that are pretty sub-par. It feels like I am trudging through freshly poured cement when I move around, my FOV or POV (doesnt matter what resolution) is garbage. Its hard to identify targets, hard to see what is what (and no Im not runnin an old machine, FarCry4 runs fine for me) and overall the feel of realism is just not there.THE GOODThis has promise, and let me tell you, for $40 these DEVS better deliver. Their track record and previos projects are the sole reason I purchased this game. Is it a rough play and does it look as grainy as the sand you fight on? Yes, but there are mechanics in place regarding team work and CO-OP play that cannot be ignored. The kits are lookig like they will become pretty realistic and the way a team moves around the map is aided by a pretty good COMM system. So all in all, if you buy it now you will be dissapointed - but in 1 year this game could be bigger than BF4 and the horrible COD franchise....and that is always worth waiting for...until then Insurgency is way better lol"
76561198021417927,Not Recommended,393380,23074452,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,71st_AH_J13Serenity,"This game is great, but not in its current state:1. Bugs, alot of them, like when using SVD your bullets go far right all the time, same with some other weapons. you can move through walls, fall through the ground at respawn, enemy corpses just floating in the air blocking doors etc...2. Gamplay: this game definitely requaires teamwork, but most of the time people just randomly running around and playing counter-strike or quake 3 on the huge map.3. Repetitive gameplay, you play same few maps, in the same few modes...Its alpha and it might improve, but as for now, unless you play some private games with friends, I would not recommend this game.It feels like red orhestra 2 in slow motion. But tactics and player behaviour is just the same.And jumping 2 meters hight is so realistic, especially when doging bullets by jumping...May 27 2016Great. after update I cant join any server at all. Tells me that I need to be a member of a clan.WTF?!June 23 2016Great, after another update my grapicks looks s**tFor some reason its borderless window now, when trying to change to fullsreen the whole image just goes off the screenF**k this gameAugust 8 2016Got new big updateAdded vehiclesCan go to fullscreen finally!Could not join any server, says server is full all the time even when there are 3 slots available.after 15 min joined one of the server - 30 min of playing- game crash.Restart - 15 minutes of joining - 5 min of playiong - dissconnected from server!? cant join again got a black screen. Restarted - 15 min of joining the server - 10 min of playing - crash. Every game crash gives different error message. Tried to join again - blask screen...F**ck this game again.No ironsight for SVD?Cannot deploy Bipods on MG?Now players have vehicles - so first minutes of any game is BTRs and Humvees driving all over the map and shooting untill they find an RPG guy. Then back to no-vehicle gameplay again...We have Arma - why play this unplayable bu*♥♥♥♥♥♥August 9 2016After the fix game crashes a bit less frequently.And now we get cheaters. At the spawn there is an enemy shooting everyone and no one can see him. The sound of shots is like at point blank range but the whole team (26 players) cannot see him and get annihilated.F**ck this game again!Hehe, approached the guy to 1m way, made 3 shots from my SVD to his head and body - guy turned around a opened fire... so realistic ..."
76561198132684038,Not Recommended,393380,23222677,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,lildurden,This new update did fix♥♥♥♥♥♥for amd.
,Recommended,393380,19735852,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Hadis,"Played 5 hours the day I bought it, well.. can't refund this anymore so I think I gotta play it more then.EDIT: Most intense tactical shooter I have ever played, just lacks optimization but after that I think I won't need to buy more games as all my free time goes into this game."
,Recommended,393380,19797170,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Tremby,"Golyhotdangshit! it'd  be more fantastical than any of the compony of hero's games, if arma 2, 3 insurgancy had a baby this  it'd be it! day 1 i done shot me a bunch of of rag heads and a fat ♥♥♥♥♥ named fajita. yes-sir-re it done make me proud to be AMERICAN▒█▀▀█ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█▀▀▄ ▒█▄░▒█ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█▀▀█ ▒█░▄▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ █▒█▄▄▀ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▀▀▀ ▒█░░░ ▒█▀▄░ ░▀▀▀▄▄ ▀▒█░▒█ ▒█▄▄▄ ▒█▄▄▀ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█▄▄▄ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█░▒█ ▒█▄▄▄█ ▄"
76561197960270579,Not Recommended,393380,19833821,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,mehow,"No its not good. Looks much better in the videos and screen shots. Servers suck, most are full anyway. Lag spikes even in local servers. Gfx suck. Game has a long way to go. Save your money and get Rainbow 6 or CSGO."
76561198008369634,Not Recommended,393380,20511076,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,SlagPot,"I can't recommend this game to anyone in its current state.  Over the last couple days I've tried to join a multiplayer game and have never once been successful.  every time I try to join a game i get the error ""Your connection to the host has been lost"" and am back at the server select.  I've tried this many times with many different servers.  $40 for a game you can't even play is pretty unacceptable.Wait until it's not quite so buggy and is at least playable before you spend $40 on this game."
76561198031677675,Not Recommended,393380,20062351,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,SPC Brian,"I came into this with the idea that I was going to get into some very awsome firefights. I soon realized that this was not going to be the case. The controls aren't too hot, the graphics need a lot of work, and the interface needs a lot of help. Most of all I found myself never being able to identify the enemy and found my self team killing all the time. Everyone yeels at each other on there and makes for nothing but a painful and stressful time. The only thing this has going for it is the sound, it's amazing. I would not recomend this game and would really hope to get a refund. I am extreamly disapointed with how much I paid for this game."
76561197960287398,Recommended,393380,19733941,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Code101,"Alright, Let me start with my short review. This game is absolutely amazing. I have never experienced such effective teamwork and realism in any other games. I highly recommend this for other players not only to TRY but actually experience warfare from different sides. This game is just EPIC!10/10"
,Recommended,393380,20472942,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,BoundaRout,"After an intense 30 minute fight, building defenses and running across open fields under cover of smoke the squad captures the outpost. The tense VOIP is replaced by glorious cheering, Team America theme blares across the radio and everyone fires their guns in support.5 minutes later we return to the outpost finding it overun by enemies and we start all over again :D"
,Not Recommended,393380,20510608,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,BigBoyyy,"the price of this game is way too high for what you get in terms of realisticness. in the future when players are put with other players that want to play in the same way such as running around and killing people or being realisticaly tactical. i could not find a single game where a realistic or intence situation has happened, was a waste of time and money. but if u have alot of friends for a squad this game could be 100% better but most likely still not worth 39.99, more like 19.99"
,Recommended,393380,19718722,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,BlaKe,Best PTSD simulator out there!
,Not Recommended,393380,22185505,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,United,"It is a shame this game has huge potential. I have an ok pc on the firing range I get 60-80 fps but when I go on an online game I get 40-50 and don't even get me started when people talk. The lag spikes are unreal, I hate going online to get millions of people shout ""medic"" and just when one person talks I get 8 fps for the duration of the guys sentence!"
76561198011980400,Not Recommended,393380,23133491,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Agent Hwest,"As most of the people on here have already mentioned, the current state of the game is unplayable for people with AMD cpus and gpus. Supposedly when the updated version of the engine was released everything would get better, and while I do have moments of solid 60 fps gameplay, they are interrupted by near constant drops to 1 or 3 fps, and god help me if I attempt to open the menus to try some other combination of graphic settings. I've spent more time on the Firing Range trying to get some kind of baseline performance than I have in actual matches."
76561198009860430,Not Recommended,393380,24810013,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Michael schade,right i love this game so so much! well the idea of it and the look of it!ive had this game since it came out and all thoes hours you see are me not playing.its me trying to get better fps!FIX FOR AMD USERS!!!!
,Not Recommended,393380,24835983,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Nicho *TBE*,"This game ran terribly on my system.  AMD 8 core, 16 gb RAM, Radeon 290x 4gb graphics, low everything in settings still only got me 10-20fps during gameplay, 40fps when i join a server for the first time, and this was after modifying the game ini files as seen on a forum thread too.  Similar performance to how Arma 3 runs on my system.  Only played for 30 mins or so but found it hard to see ANY enemy's before they killed me first.  Had to get a refund."
,Recommended,393380,32168541,Posted: 3 June,all,[HFG] Cyplex,I get to kill towel heads :D
,Not Recommended,393380,20609595,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Reaper,"CHEATERS EVERYWHERE!!!I have to say, this game is pretty amazing. The sounds in firefights, the realistic combat, the voice comms. ALL AMAZING. With that being said, do not buy this game. There are cheaters on every server now. People are turning all the grass and trees off, shooting 20 grenades at a time, and aimbotting. This is just what I have witnessed first hand. No way to vote kick, mute, or anything to other players, so that is not good.DO NOT BUY UNTIL THEY GET THEIR♥♥♥♥♥♥TOGETHER!"
76561198087411009,Recommended,393380,23673335,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,gordom94,"Squad is by far the best shooter on the market in my opinion.  If you're looking for coordination and teamwork with random players, this community can't be beat.  Of course it won't be perfect 100% of the time, but overall, I can just jump into a random squad and play with them effectively.This is an early access game, so expect bad FPS and glitches/bugs, but if you're looking for an addicting tactical shooter with realism but not so much realism it becomes a chore, squad is the game for you.On a side note, at the moment there are no vehichles in game which amounts to quite a bit of running on the gigantic maps, but they are the top priority of the dev team and should be in the next version hopefully within the next month or two.  If you're not okay with running for a few minutes before getting into the action, I'd hold off just a bit longer."
76561198018232131,Recommended,393380,22803203,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,MashedTaters,"The perfect balance between a hardcore tactical shooter like Arma and something like Battlefield. The community is excellent. There are very few rounds where you'll find uncooperative teammates/teamkillers. Although by the end of each round (often lasting 20-30 minutes) your kill count will very often be under 10 kills, you never feel like there has been a lack of action. In fact, this is probably the most intense shooter I've ever played, and it keeps me continuously gripped even when there aren't many enemies in sight. The large maps and lack of vehicles in its current early access state, might have you worried that you'll be bored most of the time due to lack of enemy engagements, but trust me, this game is rarely boring. The way spawns work with FOB's and Rally Points, and how the gameplay is so geared towards teamwork and communication, provides a continuous stream of action and emergent gameplay that almost never bores. I've never played antyhing like it.  Each round is unique and provides a unique set of challenges to overcome, that you never feel like you are simply going through the motions. Which is a feeling you might get from Battlefield on occasion, and will most certainly get in the more arcadey shooters such as CoD.It is Early Access, yes, and there are certainly plenty of rough edges. With an AMD CPU, you will most likely encounter nigh unplayable framerates, so if you have an AMD CPU you might want to hold-out on buying this game until the developers work on optimization. Otherwise the game is definitely playable, with a few nuisances here and there as a result of its early state. To me, this is early access at its finest. Other early access titles launch at such an early state, and claim incredibly grand ambitions that are seemingly impossible to fulfill. Squad doesn't have insane ambitions, rather it is a shooter trying out a relatively new and un-tested concept, and Early Access serves as a grand playtest for their ideas. When you're making a shooter so reliant on teamwork, you need to set up proper incentives for teamwork, and to do so you need extensive playtesting to see what works and what doesn't. What Squad seeks to produce for its final version is feasible, and with what it currently has, I have no doubt that this game has a bright future. I highly recommend it to anyone who is looking to play soldier."
76561198197516079,Not Recommended,393380,23119495,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Pvt.Joker,Got it and couldnt play it. something called easyanticheat bug report kept detectig problems. It woudnt launch. so if you dont know how to fix this problem dont get the game.
,Recommended,393380,23320987,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,big motherfuckin chungus,"This game has some really fine immersion, and the Dev team is really dedicated. They have shown themselves tact in not releasing broken features in an attempt to make sales, as well as implementing really neat features. I highly reccommend this game. FPS is a little screwy, but overall the experience makes it worth it."
,Recommended,393380,23768490,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ic0n,">new squad>""hi everyone"">""allahu akbar takir nasheed abu daheed"">???>leaves squad>new squad>""BRAVO BRAVO ONE SIX NINER D- OH ♥♥♥♥ WE'RE GETTING HAMMERED ON SEND HELP"">Spawns at ""FOB"">gets shot at>ofuk>hides in farm house with beautiful family>they're having dinner in a war zone>they look at me in the eyes>""are u here to take my goods and kill my family?"">""n-no>""then sit"">we have a good dinner and memes are being exchanged around>we hear russians&gt♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥>""hide upstairs american"">hides upstairs>""no we dont know where the american FOB is"">""♥♥♥♥ OFF LEAVE US ALONE"">b a n g b a n g>hears automatic ak47 fire>waits 3 minutes>goes downstairs>family is dead>looks out window as FOB is destroyed and russians are moving out in formation>muh tears>""ic0n where the ♥♥♥♥ are you we need the m249 up here now"">""okay moving out""10.5/10 would get PTSD again"
,Recommended,393380,24917306,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Biscuit Lover,"I said hello to some guys in my squad, and all i got for an answer was: ""AY BRUH I JUST BOUGHT A PIPSI"".10/10 Would drink Pipsi again"
76561198301539972,Recommended,393380,26553790,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,jrdls2002,Beat game ive ever played i hope they add more stuff in the future
,Recommended,393380,29278015,Posted: 15 January,all,Major Wibble,"Squad is possibly the best tactical shooter I've ever played and is a worthy successor to Project Reality.The Good:Graphics are pretty good.Controls are great.Animations are solid, reloading looks amazing.Sound design is very realistic.Easy to use UI.Tutorials.Vehicles work perfectly and look great.Weapon balancing seems fine to me.In-game voice communication works perfectly and even has a radio filter for added realism.Good amount of maps for an alpha.Multiple armies and more to be added in the future.Fantastic player base who welcome new comers. BUT ONLY IF THEY'RE WILLING TO LEARN.No problems with latency even when the server is full.The Bad:This game will murder your PC if you have a cheap one. I for one don't have a cheap PC so fps is no issue for me.A lot of the maps feelverysamey.I feel like development has been a little slow.Small bugs but nothing major.The game is advertised to have 50vs50 battles but so far they can only get 80 people in a server...Player ragdolls could use some work, they just flop to the ground when shot. This is of course just a minor nitpick.No blood or gore. I want to blow someones leg off!A warning to casuals!Squad is not the kind of game where you can run off on your own and do whatever you want, even if you're a riflemen! Every member of a squad is important to its overall integrity and if you try to act like Rambo you'll get kicked out and people will rightfully yell at you!Don't get me wrong, people in this game are friendly and squad leadersshouldn'tissue orders like a wanna be Drill Sergeant, but if you're obviously running off alone or just not listening to the squad leader then people will yell at you and you will get kicked, possibly banned.This game has a pretty steep learning curve in terms of gameplay, you will diea lotand most of the time there's very little you can do about it. After playing the game for an hour or two you'll start to figure out whats right and whats wrong. This is calledlearning.Another thing to mention is that this game is not non-stop action, firefights are tense and sound great but sometimes you will be walking across fields and empty towns on your way to the next objective.(Alpha Version 8.10)"
76561197960936630,Recommended,393380,28083378,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Nt DUdE 🎭| N . T . E,100%
76561197973646245,Recommended,393380,19731006,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Duvel,"Lovely game. I loved Project Reality, which purposely discriminated against un-serious players by having an incredibly steep learningcurve.Squad is easier to start playing.There's a few qualms that I have at the moment though.- Lag. I'm from the Netherlands, and even a German server will give me 300 ping AT LEAST.- Long range gun engagements are really hard. This isn't a problem persé, but other games have found a way to make this a little easier. The problem is that holding shift, only zooms in a tiny amount. This means however that engagements at 200 meters are already pretty much impossible. I'm not expecting pintpoint accuracy, but somehow the way it feels currently is a little bit 'off'.- I haven't found a 50vs50 server yet. Highest is 75 player capacity. This is still more than enough seeing as how much it lags at the moment. I'm wondering if theyll ever get 50vs50 working lagfree if they also include vehicles.Also;PLEASE USE A MICROPHONE IF YOU PLAY THIS. This isn't a game to play without a microphone since communication is absolutely vital. You will not get away with playing this like it's Battlefield or COD. And you shouldn't buy it if thats what you're looking for."
,Recommended,393380,19739918,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Mark Rippetoe,very nice gamegood job men- sgt sergey orlovsky
,Not Recommended,393380,19939062,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Claire,I can't play this game. It's just turning off my computer all the time.
76561198067785042,Not Recommended,393380,20120032,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,GrandMasta Zero,"If you are a AMD user as of right now you should not buy the game because its not optimized at all i can run Battlefield 4 FC4 Arma 3 all on ultra, but i cant get over 20 FPS on the lowest settings and obviously not on the highest. They need to fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥ASAP!"
76561198070250475,Not Recommended,393380,21026622,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Reformed Mish,Multiplayer doesnt work :(
,Recommended,393380,19721570,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,[PH] Prepper,This game is great. The details are amazing. I've recommended the game to other from my platoon (Danish Army Home Guard) due to the realism.
76561198065662721,Recommended,393380,19736957,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,PROPEEN,Felt so real that i now have ptsd9/11 would get triggered again
76561198083914249,Recommended,393380,19737606,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,bananakin,"17 hours in and all i can say, pure fun. With good squad leader pure fun x1000, buy it before its 50EUR."
,Recommended,393380,19741398,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Jack Nippleson,"Executed an L-Shaped ambush on a squad of children, got to hear them scream as they died - 10/10"
,Not Recommended,393380,20011236,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,JohnnyBravo,Game is so bugged.
76561197987809304,Recommended,393380,20340742,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Paddle,one of the best immersive fps if not THE best in its kind
,Recommended,393380,20404826,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,MIDAS,Has an Adhan. 10/10 would worship again.
,Recommended,393380,19738071,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Dosh 🍻,"Wow its looks great and its feels great (except all the bugs and the performance issues).Yeah its a Early Access Game, but this one is promising to get complete, I trust the Devs and my feels on the bf2 mod they made.So Im just here to fill up a bug repot and some thing they need to add later on, but first just fix the game braking bugs I have found.-big performance issues with FXAA OR Temporal, Post FX, and Effects. (I have a good 2012-2013 pc and drops to 30-40 fps with mostly medium settings)-granates will some times fly not far or just where you are at killing you and you're squad.-some maps lags and you are flying around here and there with both good and bad connection (mostly bad connections I live in Sweden and cant find good servers even I have really good and fast internet connections).-ping will not show up in the right side when I open server browser.-when you are Prone using Granates, Med bags, Shovel etc you will be flying little bit high from the ground and the enemis kill you easyer (same when you just got revived).I will try to update this review.Iam sorry from my bad writing mostly I blame because Im swedish :P and thanks for does who supported me and my writings, Google."
76561198019821945,Not Recommended,393380,19879716,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,POTATO DICK,"It has potential but right now its like playing a more popular and way more clunky version of Arma 2. Not Arma 3, Arma 2."
,Not Recommended,393380,20008895,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,mercy,"very poor optimization for AMD users,game feels empty and boring sometimes.not worth 40$ in this state of the game :)"
76561198203909644,Not Recommended,393380,20426745,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,W1NTER_SOLD1ER,"This is a game with great potential. The concept is unique and has a strong focus on an area of mil-sim / warfare type combat that is always overlooked. (Communication and team work / tactics)The game as it is, is playable with a small community active enough to experience what is currently on offer. Sadly the gameplay is clunky, slow and very unresponsive. animations are far behind where they should be considering the stage of development which drastically takes away from the unique feel of combat which the game has moments of when helped by the good quality SFX if you are able to overlook that a lot of the nearby weapon firing is heard louder than your own personal weapon when you are firing it... and during a cqb style firefight / when playing on a s server hosting a large amount players these moments of authentic gameplay are not just seen / heard but felt by the player.... But Server size is also dissapointing as I rarely see a server with over 70 people cap when the game supports 100 player servers.I would like to see where this game is at by the end of 2016 As once it is pollished up it could make for a solid and robust fps with a fresh spin on modern day tactical combat and warfare which i'm confident if done correctly.... Can rival other leading products and brands in the same genre such as ARMA3 and others as it really does have a genuine focus on that unique style of gameplay but for now.... I would not recomend this game, even as it is early access there are some serious imrpovements needing before this game can successfully retail on the market. Especially for the current asking price of £29.99"
76561198134819131,Not Recommended,393380,19857316,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,DragonAK907,wont let you run in 1080p thats kind of a standard right now and i cant say ive played a game of this scale that hasnt let you run at that res 4/10
,Not Recommended,393380,20058077,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Smedrek,"Stay away until finished... being told my game will run like♥♥♥♥♥♥due to me having an amd really isnt a good excuse..Also if you're not into hardcore fps strats like Arma, also a stay away"
76561198198645703,Not Recommended,393380,20479391,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,ChristoFag,If the Bullets don't kill you. the lag will.
,Recommended,393380,19717898,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Dai Hachi Hachi,"Fun, similar concept to ArmA (while not being a sim),but on an engine that isnt awful. Got ballistics n stuff, no vehicles yet, all infantry. Excited for the updates."
,Not Recommended,393380,30183050,Posted: 25 February,all,Strung,my server list won't update.
,Recommended,393380,26314469,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Draco,"Very good game. I think I played 60 hours in my first week of getting it :P It has quite a steep learning curve, its not polished, there's bugs, but it's a really fun game. And especially it runs pretty good since V8. Mines and IEDs added in 9.4, you can also do suicide car bombings so that's pretty much a reason to buy it aswell. It has a lot of potential and with the new stuff being added constantly this will only get betterBuy it!"
76561198210643945,Not Recommended,393380,25054683,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Bearclaw13,"Do not buy this game. Don't do it. I bought it for 40 dollars. I rarely invrest this much money into a game, but I had faith in this one. I played it for two hours and really enjoyed it. The it crashed and I was told there was a ""fatal error"". Well I finaly got that fixed after asking their forums for help, but now my game has frames so bad I can't click anything. I would say it plays horribly, but the frames are so bad my mouse won't let me even play! This game isn't worth 40 dollars even if it does work great. Don't buy it."
76561198079797642,Recommended,393380,23983345,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Chris :),My favourite game atmm
,Recommended,393380,28504206,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Vape Naysh,"Simple ARMA style sim, with everything you wished ARMA was"
,Recommended,393380,26548216,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Hugo,"Hell yes.Try before you buy,If you don't like it, don't make a review on it. This game is loved by lots and shouldn't have to be reviewed by COD players."
,Not Recommended,393380,22887092,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,iCorpius-,"Great game and has potential, unfortunetly its not optimized and not user friendly quite yet, running at GTX 980TI and a amd 8350 both overclocked and getting very low fps even on low settings (should have no issue with my rig getting atleast 60FPS). Fun game other than that fact. Will play it more once they figure out those issues.RIG:AMD 8350MSI GTX 980ti 6GB16GB G-Skill @2400Gigabyte 990 MB"
,Recommended,393380,26528982,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Maskedviper,"I've played all that's to offer currently, the Controls are tight and responsive, and Vehicals are sluggish when compared to games like GTA. But the best aspect of this game is the people, I spent a while playing the same squad and getting to know my fellow soldiers, traveling across the map and listening to them Banter. The game plays like a more focused Arma, The goals are defined and asking players around you, will usually get you the help you need. There isn't a lot of content, but like many early access games, the devs plan to add more.  I'd recomend this on sale because the 30$ price point is a lot for a small-ish amount of content."
,Recommended,393380,26575482,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Al3xso,"Very promising, great community. Would highly suggest to freinds and foes."
76561198049435011,Recommended,393380,28892610,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,[ZSU] Eazy,If you peek you die.10/10 walking simulator 2015.
76561198042258877,Recommended,393380,30205319,Posted: 26 February,all,Andre4King,I like the realistic approach. Graphics are nice especially the effects. I think the community is very nice in this game.
,Recommended,393380,30288570,Posted: 2 March,all,DiscipleK,U GET screamed at by guys who claim to actually served in the military XD
,Recommended,393380,23123417,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Cochese,"Great game, worth the money, just to point out though, you will need a somewhat decent processor to play along with a good graphics card, a mistake I made and need to get a bettter processor to play.One thing to point out though, if vehicles dont come out quick enough, this game will be the new interstellar marines. The game that was really hyped but died due to no new content and very slow development."
,Recommended,393380,23126116,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,SzauceBoss,"Although it has quite a lot of glitches, Squad is one of the most immersive and realistic shooters on the market. Definitely worth a try!"
,Recommended,393380,23305425,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Big Loaf,"Bought this game several months ago.So far my experience has been quite positive. The game is still in its Alpha stage (6.2 as of now) so there are still old and new bugs. They are luckily not that bad as the game is fully playable and fun.I'll lay down some of thenegativethings first:-Framerate drops and stuttering:the game runs quite smooth most of the time, usually at around 50-60 fps. The issues start when a big firefight erupts with lots of explosions, smoke and gunfire. The fps might drop by about 10 which is still manageable but the absolute worst is when there are many explosions which basically cause the whole game to freeze for a half a second. This used to be a big problem a couple months ago but the latest updates have improved on this. (When I bought this game, my frames were very low and the stutter/freezing kept happening more often)-Graphics:the graphics aren't as good as I would like. But then again this is still an Alpha so the team is most likely ironing out bugs and adding other content in before concentrating on polishing it. Most textures look great, my biggest issue has to be with lots of jagged edges that I can't seem to get rid of. Also the foliage on some plants is not too pretty, same goes for grass.Those were the biggest negative things I could think of. Now for thepositivebits:+Weapons and gunplay:Weapons look, sound and ""feel"" great.  I would not say that they're as realistic as in Arma 3 (the weapons are not real but they function as if they were) but they are pretty damn close. Weapons have nice feedback when firing, they feel as if they actually had some heft to them. Firing more than a single shot causes a great loss of accuracy and a loss of control in where you are firing. The sounds are great, weapons actually sound like weapons in this game. You can actually differentiate between your teams and the opponents weapons.+Maps:There are already several maps in the game and they offer various combat environments which lead to different types of gameplay. You can fight in a forest where you have to be wary of where your enemy is as its easy to hide in foliage, you can shoot across a sand filled hilly landscape with little cover, or you can fight in close quarters in a more urban environment where the enemy can be on the other side of a wall or on a rooftop. Maps tend to be quite large which lets you maneuver and use that as an advantage in a fight.+Squad tactics:What makes this game set itself apart from most other games is that you most often will be playing with a squad of up to 9 people (as of now) in which most people have microphones. Cooperation usually functions perfectly between you and your squad though sometimes you do get a commander who does not know what they're doing.From my perspective this game is really fun to play and a great buy if you like a more slow paced shooter with a sense of realism. The game is being updated quite regularly with new features being added and performance being optimised. At this current stage in development I would totally recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,393380,23328418,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Zunfix. Motive <3 <3,if anyone who can launch this game without geting the \'failed to launch\' error.go to your parents room then hug them and say i\'m the luckiest child in the world cause i have the best mother and father in the world. i\'m now in a squad-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------if you see the error prepare for a experience like matrix. cause you gonna need to program / code the whole pc from start.10/10 want to feel the matrix experience again
76561198012358873,Not Recommended,393380,23360661,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,datlingo,When your squad is working together it is intense and fun. The game itself is very fun. That said it crashes 3 out of the 4 times I launch the game to play. The game is in alpha so bugs are to be expected but I spent 40$ and cannot play it half the time.
76561198012840797,Recommended,393380,23435233,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,﴾ ┘ꚛ└ ﴿ -AdmirableBoot,"Pros.- very fun game if you have a team to work with.- the comms in game are amazing when talking to one another.- most of the community is very helpful.- new 50 cal. mg is a great dynamic for holding on to a point.- tough to get decent at this game but in a good way, everybody struggles and rarely do you see a 20 kill 5 death player on the scoreboard.- the community does a great job with getting hackers banned and kicked or at least gives everyone the heads up.Cons.- i have not seen a 50v50 server yet- some clans think they are the supreme leader as squad leaders and can really ruin new peoples ideas of this game, kicking them and acting as if they have been in a real firefight barking orders in a none helpfull way and getting eveyone killed and then turning around and blaming their squad for a bad call.- some clan run servers are a little to strick, i mean ""no cursing"", come on really?- devs can be a little slow on updates, i expect one a month paying $40 for this game.- $40 price tag is a little steep in my opinion, i would say right now its worth about $25.All in all it is a very fun game to spend a few hours a night on with friends."
,Recommended,393380,23624362,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Felix18256,I love the game very fun very realistic. The community is great. Minor issues with AMD CPU and ping jumps. Stuff that can all be fixed and it is only in alpha some bugs are expected. If they'd fix those problems theyd get a 5 but for now only a 4.
76561198081259859,Recommended,393380,24135225,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,McBlaster,"My Squad Leader experiances so far:30% intense RP guy who thinks he's in the Marines, Soviet Red Army, or ISIS40% guy who was randomly chosen, who doesnt care, is beyond stupid, or never communicates20% 12 year old Squeaker-Rager who thinks he knows EVERYTHING10% Cool guy who knows his stuff, makes good calls, and sucessfully leads the Squad and reminds everyone how awesome this game can be.First of all if you dont enjoy realisticish shooters Squad is not for you. However, if you like Insurgency, RO2, or Arma then you're in luck.WARNING: If you are not used to playing with a small team of people who can be either way too intense or careless that might be an issue,(After playing 1000+ hours of DOTA 2 it doesnt really bother me)  Be prepared to verbally communicate- it is essential.-+Right now Squad is pretty basic, there are four factions, classes, some constructable objects like sandbag cover, HMG emplacements, barbed wire etc., a few gamemodes, and a few maps.-There are NO weapon mods, vehicles, or multiple weapon options per class yet. (Vehicles are coming soon though:))+Maps are BIG you may get Dayz/Arma walking simulator flashbacks early game, Watch out for Flanks!!!+I'd put the combat system at a level similar to insurgency and RO2, way better than Arma/Dayz but not perfect.+The damage model and medical system is similar to Red Orchestra on Realism mode 1-2 hits= dead or bleeding, every unit has bandages but medics can also revive downed teammates and regen health by using the Force-Performance: it runs smoothly for me on a GTX 970, but if you have a low/mid level pc or AMD card at the moment you're kinda screwed+ The controls are simple and easy to remember and fully customizable-The UI is OK, I find it annoying when playing medic (switching from bandages to medpack is frustrating), but it should be changed to a much smoother radial system some point in JulyOverall the game is fun and enjoyable most of the time and the community is OK (unless you're in Australia), If you want to join Isis, Blackwater/Academi, fight for Putin, or feel like you're in Black Hawk Down get this game."
76561198074706567,Recommended,393380,24433723,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Valk,Walking Simulator 2016
,Recommended,393380,24720084,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,My Friends Call Me Jesus,"This is literally the tactical shooter i have always wanted, open territory, diverse maps, wholesome gun mechanics, solid voice chat, a unique building system which isn't overbearing and overly detailed and simple interface. The community is friendly and knows that contact is key, they are hardcore, and even with very few hours i feel the sense of SQUAD all the players have. This game is brutal and full of adrenaline, i've waited a long time for this."
,Recommended,393380,24879264,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,:DiM: BLooDY,♥♥♥♥♥♥penis♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,393380,25209807,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,nini,"Really fun millitary simulator, It's pretty expensive so you should probably wait for a sale or something"
,Recommended,393380,30305918,Posted: 3 March,all,react.,"After playing Arma 3 for over 1000 hours I can say this is different enough to warrent your attention, in my opinion, the intensity and confusion associated with Squads firefights is compelling to say the least. It's an experience Id'e recommend to anyone  who is looking for exactly that which is described and it's only getting better and better!"
76561198045498547,Not Recommended,393380,20843314,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Khar,"0/10 do NOT recommend. Was welcomed to the game with repeated spawn team killing, extreme latency on every server, and a very toxic playerbase."
76561198011354620,Not Recommended,393380,21628646,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,|S|S|\\White_Authority~,Game is unplayable for me. I meet the requirements to play this and exceed them in some areas. I get intermittent freezing and stuttering constantly. Even after exiting the game. I have to completely reboot my computer to fix the issue. Have not been able to find a solution.
,Not Recommended,393380,21648816,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Kyle,♥♥♥♥♥
76561198022224098,Not Recommended,393380,21732516,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Pizzardi.,this game is pretty lame
76561198004633386,Not Recommended,393380,22034474,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Broncanus,"even if it didnt crash every 5 minutes from my cards getting 90c""which no other game has accomplished"" it would still suck. awkward aiming, millions of bugs. the bullet spashes are ok and the sounds are very good. thats honestly the only things i can say good about it."
,Recommended,393380,22306391,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,✪ Theodor,">Be a medic>20 people fire fight shots coming from everywhere>Everyone shouting i need a medic>Start healing people/reviving>Grenades going off, shots over my headThis game will give you PTSD"
76561198293913645,Not Recommended,393380,22418164,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,SuperDuperMegaMane,"It's a very hard game to get the hang of and if you have an amd rig it might not be the best game. I have a 4.7 Ghz amd prossessor and I was probably getting 40 fps, after I had to look up how to get better performance."
76561198050357069,Recommended,393380,23098410,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Frostie,"+ Great strategic and tactical depth+ Great game mechanics, dynamic gameplay+ Beatiful units and map design+ Beatiful graphics+ Fun to play from beginner to veteran+ Fast balancing and correction patches+ Nice Community- No negative pointsHighly recommended (10/10)"
76561198016880803,Not Recommended,393380,23112490,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,loschmie,"After a few months of having it I only hope it will get dramatically better as so far I am greatly disatisfied and every time I run it I wonder why in the world I bought it. I know,  I've bought the game in alpha state as the comments were promising and assuring... I must say I really dislike the gameplay and overall feeling. I also dislike the pace of how development is progressing. The pace of getting important updates is a point I don't have to give explanation for, however for the first point I have to give some argument. Menus, weapon and role chosing is up to me ugly and not intuitive. Weapons and accesories are poorely designed and not fun to play. Ironsights on most of the weapons are useless as it zoom in a way that makes it the same whether you zoomed it or not. I mean it's zoomed but as useless as if shooting without aiming. Scopes, where aplicable are poorely designed and overall shooting give you one sh*tty feeling comparing to games where you feel some might when shooting the weapon. As for the great sound... that's a pure lie that sounds here are so immersive and close to real ones... Insurgency for that matter is far, far ahead of this one as it doesn't falls even close to that sound immersion and quality. I understand it's somewhere in beetween Arma and Insurgency but both of these are  far better games. This is still a good idea waiting to be executed properly but so far to no avail by my opinion. They are releasing some irrelevant updates and missing the real ones, like including at least some vehicles in the game, as running distances are great and you lose the will to play the game after being shot few times... Yes one thing I like it's some music with some female voice 'mhm-ing' some melody or something in that manner but doesn't sound bad. If you wanna piece of advice from me is that you don't buy it until it's finished product and then wait some extra deals to get some discount on it as it doesn't worth this money concerning the fact that alpha costs me around 30 euros or something. Complete miss..."
,Recommended,393380,23227382,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,BlackJack,"So my day started like any other, me and squad started our daily patrol in the hills as other squads pushed onto their own objectives. We placed down a FOB at the top of the hill. I was told scout ahead and so i did. I went to scout a nearby rebel fortification as i was overwatching waiting for my squad to move out from the FOB i saw an enemy squad moving up the hill to my postion. I radioed in to the squad lead about the incoming troops on my postion. He told me to ""Hold on son we will be right there"". I then went into the prone postion as the enemys got closier. They started walking right on top of me when i radioed to the squad lead "" They're right on top of me sarge!"" and he replied ""Hold on Private"" just as the last of the enemy walked by me they were lit up my squad. Then stood up and shot the enemy as they tried to retreat from the ambush my squad had just put on them. When i felt a bullet rip there my side. The enemy ran by me on the ground as i tried to field dress myself. I had taken a friendly bullet to the lower stomach. I stood up and started running to the medic when i was shot in the back by a rebel trying to take a stand a heavy firefight then ensued and the doc was unable to get to me as i lay there dying my squad leader yelled at me to respawn at FOB and get my♥♥♥♥♥back in the fight 9/11 would PTSD again"
76561198141809170,Recommended,393380,23421970,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,jihadi poptart,the game is guud with a few performance issues
,Recommended,393380,23647025,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Cuckold simulator,"For all PR fans this is the game we have been waiting for. It already looking in good shape at this moment.and we will continue to wait, because we know that the end product will be fantastic.Please keep in mind this game is in Alpha before you write a negative review."
,Recommended,393380,23895670,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,TacoCat,#BETTER THEN ARMAIF YOU BUY PLZ HAVE A MIC OR I WILL HUNT YOU DOWN!
76561198101827360,Not Recommended,393380,24238896,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Yung Moakey,"I had high hopes when first purchasing and enjoyed the chaotic firefights at first, but it got old and the chaos was too much.  Everytime I spawned in I was killed and there was little to no sense of communication within the teams. The game almost relies on a team effort and good communication but that's a feature that's hard to achieve."
,Not Recommended,393380,24795144,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Orr,"Ok so, I brought this game, after it being recommended by a good friend of mine.Although I've said 'No' to recommending this game, I don't full heartedly agree with that. The game play and vission of the dev's is amazing, and although the game is still in Alpha its still pretty good.However currently I would not buy this game, unless you are willing to play without your friends! By this I mean, its almost impossible for you to join and have a long game with your friend in the same server. This is because not everyone can see all the servers in the Server list, leading to about 30min aprox of messing around trying to find a server with some people on it but yet not full and that all your friends can see.Secondly once you get in the game, since the newest update there have been large 'Fetal error' crashed for everyone, no matter what PC you are running. Which then leads to you trolling the update server button to try and relocate the server that your friend are more then likely still playing on.So all in all, you spend about 30min to 2hours just purly trying to find a server everyone can see and connect on and remain in it.Great game a lot of protental but currently badly broken for the communites out there that want to play together.Also if you are on a low spec or old PC this game doesn't run well at all. It's so difficult to see what your trying to shoot, or what shooting at you, as you are forced to lower your setting to the point that its like playing minecraft....So give it time, and hopefully if the dev's deliver what they say they want to do, then its going to be good!"
,Recommended,393380,25156335,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Ding Chavez,The most realism i have ever experianced in my 10+ years of gaming..
76561198124873686,Recommended,393380,25406188,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Soap,Lower the ♥♥♥♥en price so I can play with some ♥♥♥♥in♥♥♥♥♥♥♥jesus
76561198077026264,Recommended,393380,25472041,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Russian Dog,"Its a very iteresting game, hard to learn even harder to master"
,Recommended,393380,25539539,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,"Zach ""Doc"" Smith","This is an amazing game, extremely realist, only downfall is could cause Veitnam Flashbacks!"
76561198074394447,Recommended,393380,26524087,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Bread Enthusiast,"The game is good fun, developers seem to care about the game and it's community. They have released steady updates and are quick to roll out hotfixes for each new alpha version of the game."
,Recommended,393380,26581119,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Nisi,Sick fun
,Recommended,393380,26596021,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,PURE STRUGGLE,Great tactical shooter that is a nice middle ground between Insurgency and Arma. If your like me and find the Arma engine too akward and Insurgency a bit too arcadey. Buy this game and you'll get a solid 48+ out of it.
,Recommended,393380,26720009,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Beastwang,Best Milsim and its not even in beta yet.Highly recommended
76561198205598884,Not Recommended,393380,21712320,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Formica25,I can not seem to run the games my frames drop drastically once i enter i am running a gtx 960 and a AMD 760k quad core 3.8GHz processor not well optimized
,Recommended,393380,22754052,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Rachira,Good game.
,Recommended,393380,23665900,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Wee Johnny,"Squad has been a ton of fun. It is immersive, exciting and realistic (compared to other shooters). If played well, with teamwork, you won't regret buying it.Note that this isn't COD and that it takes a certain amount of time until you get the vibe. In the beginning you can expect to get shot by enemies that you are unable to see. You will do and think very dumb things, like respawning over and over on a FOB camped by enemies, stand behind someone who is about to fire their rpg, walk on the hilltops, smoke your own position, and so forth.Note that this game is alpha. Vehicles aren't implemented yet, but will be soon. The performance isn't great yet either, yet, so don't expect your potato to run it smoothly, do some research before buying it.Here in the review section you may read alot about the devs being like the dayz devs. They're not. They've just been a little more quiet because they had to rewrite the entire vehicle netcode.  Note that these devs are from the PR community and have contributed to PR for years.To all the people complaining; if you expected to play COD, suck at the game, or get bad performance; you should have done some research before blindly buying this game. If you give it some time, watch some videos perhaps, you will definitely get better at it and you'll enjoy it a lot. Cheers.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------December 2016>Vehicles implemented>Huge performance updatesTold you so"
,Recommended,393380,26595795,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,TheEtruscanTyrant,"I played this game on a 14 hour free trial and from just that I have come to love this game already heres why.1) The immersion, theres nothing like walking through a forrest for ten minutes and then spotting silhouettes in the distance and engaging them at long range while dodgeing bullets2) The sounds, the sounds are absolutly marvelous and really make you feel like you're in a warzone.3) The teamplay is almost as good in this game as in Rainbow six siege and if you've played that game you will know what I'm talking about, I found the community to be rather irritating at frist with nobody doing what they were supposed to however after the free trial wore off all the idiots were gone and the community couldn't of been any better. Would reccomend this game without a doubt.Now as you can see I haven't played this game an awfull lot however I can share one amazing experience I had with it and I feel lucky to have done so.Me and two of my squad mates drove this gun car ( car with a turret on it from the Ukranian army) on a hill and began surveying the area for enemys then one of my team mates uttered the words ""holy♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; just below the hill from us about 20 meters away was an enemy apc which was overlooking a town we needed to take, we panic at first and scrample but soon realize one of us is the anti tank soldier. We make our way back up the hill silently I hop on the turret and everybody gets ready, at this moment 4 enemy soldiers exit the apc and start heading on foot to the town. We open fire the sound is deafining and rocket after rocket flys down the hill I manage to take out 4 on my turret and the Apc is in flames this all happened in a matter of about 10 seconds we feel invincible until a hail of bullets come from the town and we are forced to withdraw while losing the anti tank soldier in the process. It is then that my teamate says in proximity chat ""we can take them lets go!"" We charge them with the car while under fire we reach the town somehow unhurt the car is smoking, we round a corner and I spot 2 enemys I unload my clip into them, we round another corner with 2 more enemys this time my driver is taken out and the car catches fire I take cover after dispatching the two enemys. It is then that I find myself pinned my gunfire from a ridge in the distance I hold out for about 30 seconds until the rest of my team arrives and we continue the assualt.... We lost.I don't think I could of had this experience in any other game (besides arma which I don't particually like) and it made me want to buy it after the free trial because I wanted more of it."
,Recommended,393380,19741399,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Eins Zwei Polizei,"This game is very good, especially for an early access however, the lack of 4k resolution really irks me. Can you add this, even with 1440p textures. 11/10 would reccomend."
,Recommended,393380,19749494,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Serkan Murat Yıldırım,Attention is not for children.Familiarity does not fit your style of gameplay.
76561198002784244,Recommended,393380,20329583,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,pred,"Already feels like Battlefield 2: Project Reality infantry combat, if not better. The integrated voice chat makes people actually talk to each other and cooperate. Fun to play even with total strangers.If you end up in a squad of morons, just leave and join another squad. There is plenty of decent people around.Note that a mic is pretty much mandatory if you want to participate and report contacts in time (typing is usually too slow and only useful for additional info). So far I've seen English, German, and French Mic squads.Sidenote: Make sure to set the resolution scaling slider in the options to 100% in order to get sharp rendering. And if you are totally new lookup the manual PDF someone shared in the official forums.Playing fine on Geforce GT 650M Asus Intel laptop with shadows disabled, which is not that bad actually, on 1920x1200. Plenty of smoke grenades slows it down though. Apart from that it runs smooth.I've got* Intel Core i7-3610QM CPU @ 2.30GHz* 8GB RAM* Geforce GT 650MSettingshttp://postimg.org/image/d5wb53wir/so pretty much everything on the lowest setting.I have mouse smoothing disabled.Note that I was intentionally looking accross the majority of the map for these screenshots. If you look towards the map's border, you will get higher FPS. Like the 'wall' screenshot indicates Unreal is very good at increasing FPS if obstacles are blocking your view (walls, buildings, ...).Apart from situations with smoke, it feels pretty smooth to me, but your taste may vary.I also actually don't miss the shadows. You still get a slight god ray effect on the iron sights when looking into the sun, foot step effects, bullet impact effects, ... which are all quite nice.30fps with walls blockinghttp://postimg.org/image/ry10wg2g3/30fps with riverbedhttp://postimg.org/image/l3qq6r9sz/25fps looking into sceneryhttp://postimg.org/image/8dmhto1ur/20fps in fieldhttp://postimg.org/image/f5cwwiqub/10fps standing inside 1 smoke grenade in fieldhttp://postimg.org/image/j9dvp0msj/The wood maps I did not measure yet, but they feel smooth to me aswell.To me it runs much better than I expected. But I am already happy in the 25-30fps area (playing DCS on this laptop too :D).UPDATE:The game has improved since I played on the laptop and has much more complex effects now. It is probably not a good idea to play on a laptop anymore. I'm playing on a Nvidia 970 PC rig now. And still enjoying it. Controls feel great."
,Not Recommended,393380,20407255,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Trump Train,"An interesting game that shows promise, but it is not there yet.Positives:-Team work is necessary; you will not win without it.-Immersive sounds-Historical locationsNegatives:-Map size seems to be leading to repetitive situations at attack/defend points.-""Extreme"" team killing is common, this has more to do with the player base than the game itself.I do have one big concern...  There seems to be a big push for the game to include fixed wing aircraft and attack helicopters.  The Devs seem to be receptive to some of these ideas, or at the very least not ruling them out.  If they do to implement these systems realistically, they will be game breaking.  There is a reason why the insurgent groups highlighted in this game are terrified of these weapons."
,Recommended,393380,20494864,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Alex1984,Still in Alpha stages and its the only online FPS I have played properly in a team since BF2.  Can't wait for more maps and vehicles to bring a whole new dimension to the game
76561198047796929,Recommended,393380,26568080,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Flecktarn,"Lots of fun intermixed with the occasional dull moment, but that's what you get from playing a realistic shooter. Would highly recommend if you like tactical shooters, and have a modicum of patience.10/10 would pull security again."
,Recommended,393380,19718850,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,aimed,"Hey, did you ever play Project Reality? Do you like Arma but can't be bothered learning the mechanics of it but still want to play a tactical warfare? Then this is the game for you. Right now it's in Alpha Early Access and you might be wondering that  isn't this game expensive as hell? Yeah it might be and right now it might not be the most optimized game to play BUT the developers are really active and focusing on the important stuff, yes this game will have alot of assets as PR did but right now they're focusing to stabilize the current build which is already running surprisingly good (as it is the launch day). I'm telling you, don't save up on this one. The community and the game is and will be amazing, this just might be the best game you've ever played!"
,Recommended,393380,19720821,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,firefighterJBW,I do not often write reviews for games but I have to for this one. I played two matches and it was a great deal of fun. Good teamwork when you have a squad of people who know how to talk. More of a mature game few kids that I could see which I approve of. Great for prior service members if you are tired of playing ArmA
,Recommended,393380,19832731,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Nocturna,I never buy early access games but since i loved Project Reality i just had to buy this one. While it's still alpha i'm pleased to see that it's just like PR but with a much better engine. Brilliant!
76561197988317248,Not Recommended,393380,20444987,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,nordas,"Pc top, but this game lagging."
76561197962886699,Recommended,393380,20495418,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Gee,"I dont usually write reviews HOWEVER...................This game is so much fun and so immersive I thought I'd take the time out to write a little something. To start with, if you are a CoD player and love spray n pray, or not working as a team to win, then stop reading now cos this aint for you...This game for me is like Arma and Battlefield 2 had babies. It takes the fun factor and gamepace flow of Battlefield 2, with the immersion factor of Arma... doubled. The sound effects are just so amazing they suck you right in and get the adrenaline pumping each time you hear a bullet whizz by, or a grenade going off, or when you get hit, or when you shoot back at someone......No spray 'n' pray... For me I hate those FPS where you can hold that LMB and win... just no.... The shooting in this game requires skill, the recoil is realistic and bullet drop also gives you that feel good factor when you snipe someone from a good distance away. Coupled with the fact the bullets do realistic damage so no tanking 25 bullets cos you didnt get headshot... 1 in centre mass and you are down unless you are lucky and it just clipped you..Teamwork... Who doesnt like working as a team? If you dont work as a team in this game, you will NEVER win.. FACT. The enemy team is 100% going to work as a team and if you try to go solo, you will get dead and have to waste teams resources to respawn and spend time walking back to where you just got yourself killed. Medics are an absolute must in this game, and thankfully not everyone can play as Medic.... or Sniper... ""Specialist Roles"" are limited, but enough that everyone can grab one.. Squads are limited to 9 players allowing more roles as more players join the squad starting from basic roles to allowing 2 medics, fire supports, grenadiers, anti-tank and finally snipers.... Of which at the moment is limited to 3 snipers per team in total. no more ""Campers"" as people like to say.... Not sure I've ever heard of a famous close range sniper though.... But at least it prevents the battlefield from becoming stale.Communication... Is an absolute must. Relaying enemy information and locations not only to teammates, but to squad leaders who can then use the ""Commander Channel"" to relay the information to other Squad Leaders quickly and efficiently. No more HUD icons making the game as easy to play as chess vs a wall. If you want to get help from a medic you better start learning to tell him where you are using basic grid locations.Squad leaders... are a vital network in this game. You can type to team but that not only ruins the immersion but takes vital time of which you need to spend watching for enemies or helping build an F.O.B to give your team a forward spawn point. Relay information to the squad leader who can then mark the locations on the map and relay the information o the other squads, or ask for backup at the vital moment of capturing / losing a key point on the map.. Not only do they consist of capture points, but maybe a mountain that gives a great vantage point? Some of my favourite battles in this game have been over a ridge overlooking a town with a capture point..Finally... Is it worth getting in ""Alpha""? YES. For sure it is.... This game doesnt feel or play like an Alpha even though it isn't complete. There are no game breaking bugs that I have encountered or that other players have relayed to me other than servers seem somewhat unstable sometimes and you get kicked, but you can reconnect and continue, but im sure that will get fixed soon enough!Easily my favourite pre-release game I've played and I have played a few! And as an ex-squaddie this game brings back some interesting feelings and emotions, and tonnes of adrenaline packed action!"
76561197981737298,Recommended,393380,19720623,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,CAT COCAINE,squad was a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥to be blunt it was straight garbage scum ♥♥♥♥ rat ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game i hope it rots in hell that ♥♥♥♥ing peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,393380,19726683,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Elijah_Jo,"EASY 10/10! Best Multiplayer FPS I've ever played, HANDS DOWN!PS. and thats with the performance issues!"
76561198079198765,Recommended,393380,19735747,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,SMASHING,Defending a flag with my squad from a hill as taliban grenadier.I see a hole enemy squad running over a hilltop to the flag.I tell my squad what I see and where I see them over the radio.Shot with my grenade launcher on the enemy squad while yelling alluah snackbarHole squad death with one grenade.My squad started yelling alluah snackbar with me.10/10 would alluah snackbar again.I r8 this game 8/8 m8.
,Recommended,393380,19741789,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Walker,"The squad's combat and teamwork gameplay is solid. And its only in Alpha. Plus, I can make friends ACROSS THE WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORLD. -Inside Joke."
,Recommended,393380,19743649,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,BrinkOfInsanity,"its a good game really realastic, its a slow going game you need to take your time and you need to talk to your squad it needs to get optimised but other that that its a 8.5/10"
76561198023473274,Recommended,393380,19752123,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,beaks,"Everyone has their idea of the perfect game which fits all their needs. This for me comes very close. very immersive, very tactical, not bad graphics for an alpha ( need a good intel cpu at mo tho). Tons and tons of potential. But most of all a community of players who help each other , want to talk and play the game without messing around and ruining gameplay for other players. i will be playing this for years to come yet, and will be supporting its community."
,Recommended,393380,19774581,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,✠ GROBAR ✠,"CS, Rainbow six, and the rest of arcade ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t can not be compared to this game.This game is King of tactical fps games.l2p noobs."
76561198067556593,Recommended,393380,19894149,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Trondiver427,Just had the best 45 minutes of my life (which felt like 6 minutes) our squad leader had us set up a FOB on a hill to fire into the town we were taking and we sat there witch grenade launchers and LMG's firing into the town. I was the medic so I was busy healing dead people with my magic and watching RPG's round hit out sand bags and people scream at each other. They got the best of us and pushed up they threw a few grenades all at once and they exploded before we knew what hit us. It was then we all were calm and just said hey grenades guess we are gonna die. Greatest moment of silence before getting shot by a AK and losing our FOB.11/10 would buy this game 4 times again
76561198079348074,Not Recommended,393380,19949269,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Purple Urkle,"I played the game for 2 hours. I instantly knew this wasn't the type of game for me. Combat and movement feels clunky, and not enjoyable unless you like simulator warzone type FPS."
76561198084905304,Recommended,393380,19752707,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Hennessy,This game is sick
,Recommended,393380,19755646,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Dr. Freeman,It's in Alpha. Hold the ♥♥♥♥ on.
76561198054328141,Recommended,393380,19814609,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,[BRECO] Cuzco,"So far the game has been very enjoyable. Yes it does have problems from time to time, but that is what comes with playing early access games. One thing that a lot of people do not do when they are having performance issues is check the official forums. On there they have multiple tips to improve performance whilst they patch the game, but it is by far one of the most enjoyable FPS games I have played on PC in a very long time. I would recommend this game to any FPS fan."
,Recommended,393380,19941917,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,GrimyGamer,"One of the top new war games on Steam.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=stp94lK-Nx4VERY fun, a little realisitc in some cases. Good weapons, combat, character classes and graphics. You need a good gaming PC for this Game!"
,Recommended,393380,20278540,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Wyatt Earp,Fun game
,Not Recommended,393380,20413317,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,"Game Over, Man",Not ready for primetime
76561198012570363,Recommended,393380,19713598,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Vinca/Quint csgogem.com,Those sounds!! the sounddesign alone makes me want to play this game more!would rate 10/10 would buy again.PLUS the community 'so far' is amazing!
,Recommended,393380,19726632,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,sausagefngrs,"It's bigger (maps) and a tad slower than Insurgency, more focused than ARMA and runs really well for an alpha. Be aware though, that this is not Insurgency 2.0. It will have vehicles, a command structure and more. However, in its current state (Jan2016) a comparison to Insurgency is valid.The visuals are quite good and run smoothly, even on high settings (GTX770).Teamplay is ESSENTIAL (a good squad leader is your biggest asset). If you don't have a mic, get one - they're affordable and absolutely necccessary for good teamwork.VOIP works flawlessly.If you have ever played Project Reality, you will feel right at home.My only negative right now is that movement feels a little too stiff as of now (Jan2016).I have a rule: ""no early acces games"" but for this game I broke it and I'm happy I did.Quick tip: rebind the map key (default M) to middle mousebutton. You will be looking at the map a lot."
,Recommended,393380,19754847,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Roger,12/17/2015Good game. could use some more omptimization.
,Recommended,393380,19787318,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,(4SFG) Dolphin,You can build FOBs in the enemy's main base. 10/10 GOTY
76561198060965125,Recommended,393380,19816093,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Nevermore36-twitch,"Its alright. not worth the 40$, id just rather play arma 3."
,Recommended,393380,20015327,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Jakus,Half of this game is me lying down screaming for help.And I love it.
76561198037143983,Recommended,393380,20301429,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Rick Astley,Best game ever... 10/10
,Recommended,393380,20414757,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,TonD KniLB,Best Server Full simulator 201611/10 would wait again.
76561198015040706,Not Recommended,393380,20414888,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Qman,"Would like to review this game but i cannot even find a server due to a squad 0 servers found with a different  error. reinstall, turned off firewall, varify the game file and yet i still not can connect to the game."
76561198076364513,Recommended,393380,20289029,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Mike,"Jogo incrivel, para quem gosta de realidade e simulação de guerra e tiro , agora com veiculos o jogo esta incrivel.O clima de realismo e a sensação de estar em campo de batalha é imenso com os efeitos dos tiros passando sobre a cabeça.Ainda falta varios veiculos pesados e leves, helicopteros e armas mais isso nao impede de tirar o objetivo do jogo.Recomendo para quem gosta de simulação."
76561198097399269,Recommended,393380,20481708,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,3spooky5me,"This game is awesome, however needs better optimization."
,Not Recommended,393380,20499264,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,fuuuu,"I really like this game, though since today, every server I try to join, that has people playing on it, I get the message: your connection to the server has been lost.This started after I installed the update. So, as long as this is happening, I can't recommend the game. Feel free to buy the game and try it for yourself. If you can connect to a server. I can only say: you've made the right choice in buying this game. But I don't think it's a risk worth trying right now, cause you might be in the small percentage of people who can't connect. It seems like this problem has been around for a while and I can't find a fix but to wait for some time and see if it starts again. It's kinda annoying.So in a nutshell: Because some people can't connect to the servers, i can't recommend the game.As soon as this is fixed, I am glady changing my review to positive."
76561197976007910,Recommended,393380,26548805,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,AngelEyes,100% better than 100% of the trash Mainstream pushes.
,Recommended,393380,25644637,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Suit One,"I hadn't played this in months, so I got on to check out vehicles. I got in a small squad so I could pick a unique role. Picked Light Anti-Tank, and spawned in a building. Immediately my radio shoots on, I hear screaming and gunshots. A rifleman is yelling that squads two and three have defected to team killing. I regroup with my squad, and we  all go to a corner of the map. We are now fighting a four sided war. Us versus squad two versus squad three versus terrorism. As we are being surrounded by enemies, preparing to face defeat, the admins log in and kick all of the team killers. This advantage brings forth a new hope, and our squad pushes against the ackbars. I happily take my RPG, and fire it into the forest. I hear a horrific snapping sound, and turn around to see a Light MG in my squad killed instantly by what I now know as back blast. I could go on about this one match, but I digress. This game brings forth extremely unique and realistic warfare scenarios, and I definitely reccomend it to all, especially avid realism seekers."
76561198028348702,Recommended,393380,28556755,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Herr Doman,"One of the first matches I played I joined a squad on the insurgent team, we all jumped into a technical and a fellow squad member starting playing middle eastern music as we drove into battle screaming allah ackbar. 10/10 would do it again"
,Recommended,393380,33109216,Posted: 1 July,all,Tigerblade117,"June 1 1500 UTC -8  -  It's a hot day in Afgan again. Today my squad (Alpha squad) are headed to infiltrate the hot zone just before the Insurgent's primary base. We plan on seizing their forward base of operations by the end of the day. I made sure to stock up on as much field dressing and med kits and fill my entire pack. We're about to depart.June 1 1545 UTC -8  -  It's been a quiet ride out here. No Insurgents to be seen as of yet. Our squad is split up into three vehicles. We'll be there shortly.June 1 1620 UTC -8  -  We encountered two enemy assault squads when we rounded the corner. One of our squad's armored vehicles was hit directly by an RPG, but nobody was injured. We were all able to escape. Equity, Hunter and I were split from the rest of the squad, so we took evasive maneuvers and cleared a nearby building while we decide on what to do.June 1 1650 UTC -8  -  We decided to flank a hard right on the contacts that were spotted, but as soon as we stepped into the road a grenade dropped at Hunter's feet. There was no saving him. Equity and I took cover in the alleyways between buildings and pushed forward towards our squad, but they were far. We rounded a corner and an Insurgent was waiting. I quickly proned and killed him, but I was shot in the shoulder. I called out to Equity that he was down, so I began applying a field dressing to my shoulder. Equity didn't respond. He was killed instantly by the same Insurgent I neutralized. I pushed forward, holding back my vomit, and am now taking cover at a building near a street crossing.June 1 1730 UTC -8  -  I heard someone shout out, so I looked out the window of the second story to see a soldier from another squad running alongside the building. I called out to him, and when he turned, he took a bullet to the chest. He fell to the ground and laid there. I had no eyes on any contact, so I sprinted down the stairs and went prone, crawling to the wounded soldier. I crawled to him and immediately began applying a field dressing and med kit. I asked him his name, and he said his name was Private Roger. I told him ""As soon as you're able to stand, take cover behind the building"". He did, and I finished addressing his wounds. He was in great pain, but he could move and he was going to live. He said ""Thank you. I wasn't ready to die yet"" I told him to follow me and keep eyes on our six. We circled around the building, and I checked for Insurgents. None to be spotted. I told him to run for the building across the street as quickly as possible. We ran, and I spotted an Insurgent down the road. He hasn't seen us. I call out ""Contact at bearing 60, let's keep pushing"". When I turned, I took a shot to the left leg, and sprinted. I told him to keep running, and eventually I got to the doorway we were aiming for. I  made room for him to enter, but he never did. I leaned in the doorway and saw his body, limp, in the middle of the road. He had taken a bullet to the head. I don't know what to do. Do I run out and die meaninglessly? Do I wait here for dozens of Insurgents to take me and witness unspeakable horrors? War is a terrible, terrible thing.All of this happened during one game, and the emotions were real. Play it. You won't regret anything other than seeing your teammate's brains get blown out. Work together. Work as a singular machine. And, most importantly, always watch your squad's back. This is Squad."
,Not Recommended,393380,21730556,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Twig,"The community in this game is terrible.  If you're an arrogant prick and you enjoy playing with other arrogant♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ go right ahead, buy this game.  If you don't enjoy that sort of thing, however, then for your own sake, move on.  There are better games out there, and most certainly there are some that are cheaper (I mean, come on... $40 for an early access game?)."
76561198133555376,Not Recommended,393380,21716109,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Razor6014,too much pixelhunting
,Recommended,393380,19724745,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Zholik,"Aside from a few bugs and performance issues, this game is truley magnificent... When you have a squad that uses voice comms and plays as a team this game becomes something special. After playing Battlefield and ArmA this is the game I've been wanting for a long time. The firefights and suspense that preludes them is amazing and immersive, and the localized voip is brilliant. Hearing someone say Allahu Akbar before being blown to smitherens was hilarious. If you don't mind some alpha issues get this game, one of the most polished early access titles I have have played"
76561198125112267,Not Recommended,393380,22617236,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Storm Rider,Very unpolished and sometimes it gets stuck so awfully that not even with Alt-Ctrl-Del to kill the damned app.
76561198045519941,Recommended,393380,24789621,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Lt. BreadWater,">Be me>Love MilSim fun>Need to replace hole in heart from Resistance and Liberation>Watch videos about Squad>Develope primal feelings within my nether region, shrouded with progressivly tightening cotton>unsheathwallet.gif>It quivers eagerly as I make my purchase>The cotton wall breeched, my meat soldier stands at guard at a towering 7.62ft high>Game is downloaded>чикибрики.ussr>tfw forced as squad leader for first 7 games>tfw when always forced as medic when not playing as squad leader>tfw in a time where we walked were we needed to go>tfw first real chance playing sniper didnt happen until after 100+ hours>tfw AMD discrimination and not enough optimization>tfw become an optimized cog of war capable of leading multiple combat ready squads into the fire of the Red Zone and pulling through with minimal casualties while mainting both effectiveness and entertainment for evey real-world person who blindly volunteered 30 minutes of their time to you never knowing you didn't want to be a leader>tfw receiving genuine compliments about your capacity to perform unwanted roles>crievertim.jpg>mfw entire career was performed under 20fps or less>laughinterrorist.webm556/45 have become grizzled virtual war-veteran trained in high intensity 12fps toaster warfare"
,Not Recommended,393380,35473124,Posted: 4 October,all,Leto Atreides,"The game and idea is great itself. There is a thing that ruins them however.- Easily fixed: The map design is atrocious. This can be easily fixed. Most cities and factory plants that the game has have these huge walls and fences all around the place. While it may be realistic, it is also horrible in game. I spent way too much time already just running for minutes only to find out that there is just no entrance/gate/opening. It was not just me - the new guy - but my entire squad. The fix is simple, check all major places / points / plants and add more ways to go around.- Can be fixed but not as easily: Some maps favor one team over the other. This calls for a big map redesign. Since it took the team one year to just give people 10 fps back, I reckon a redesign is due in the next 10 years. Weapon and vehicle balance is also all over the place. Happen to spawn in the weaker team? Enjoy getting blown to pieces.- Thing that could be fixed: The horrible performance. The game runs awful. People praise optimizations on forums and whatnot. And indeed the recent updates added 10-15 FPS. But keep in mind the game still runs at 30-40FPS most of the time which truly ruins an FPS game. I realize many Early Access titles run just as bad, but this should not be the norm.Will it be fixed? I doubt. Most of these Early Access games never get fixed in terms of performance. But one can hope.- Impossible to fix: The toxic, cancerous community. It's maybe the charm of Project Reality, but the game has a very offensive, toxic community around. In-game, forums it's all the same. In-game: People will refuse to talk to others, even Squad Leads to each other (regardless of server rules). Most of the time you will also have two-three squads filled with some foreign teams that will not communicate a single word in English either. From this few hours I also heard squad leaders and squads attacking each other, teamkilling and whatnot. Much fun! So, that's in game.Out of the game - buckle up if you have your own opinion. People will come at you if you ever dare to bring up a bug or an issue.Do I recommend this game? NO.If the performance will get fixed and the player count will grow thousandfold - which I both doubt will happen - yes, the game will be worth getting. Until then, save yourself some money."
76561198064921430,Recommended,393380,20685282,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,madbull,- Russia has nukes- No optics on their weapons10/10
,Recommended,393380,20572944,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Rumm,"If you weren't sure about getting this game, just watch this video and you'll change your mind. Your welcomehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9uI70zjBWKw10/10"
,Recommended,393380,22793243,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,☭ Joseph Stalin ☭,Ran for 5mincould not see any dirty Americansdied.... to a dirty Americansolid 5/7 would die again
,Recommended,393380,23977270,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,FPS Eager,"Sometimes great games which i expect too much from makes me disappointed, sometimes games which i don't really believe in them surprises me!if you like realistic shooters it will keep you entertain till Escape From Tarkov release!"
76561198066656362,Recommended,393380,31044621,Posted: 9 April,all,Amy Adams,This game is damn real lol
,Recommended,393380,21465845,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,TUNABANDIT,BUY THIS GAME DAMMIT
,Recommended,393380,21309328,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Roblox Man Face,Great Game!!!!
76561198062046251,Recommended,393380,26551082,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Newy,Squach shud be ezer for nuw plaiers
76561198190654039,Recommended,393380,32748332,Posted: 24 June,all,forerunner1000,👌
76561198015509151,Recommended,393380,26524812,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,]TF2[Deadeye Jedi,"very fun,  i refunded the game but only cos i was really skint at the time.  not as complicated as arma but has a realist feel"
,Recommended,393380,20709210,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,EpicnessCoding,"If you hate math, don't read on.Squad = (Planetside 2 + Insurgency + CS:GO + ARMA 3 + TEAMWORK! + COMMUNICATION!) / 610/10 would do math again :D"
,Recommended,393380,32279174,Posted: 8 June,all,filing,10/10love getting shot from out of nowhere
,Recommended,393380,20707853,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Kevin Rudd the absolute stud,Highly recommend. 9/10
76561198174725019,Recommended,393380,31123304,Posted: 13 April,all,RealBox,"Eğer bu oyunu tek başınıza oynayacaksanız ingilizcenizin iyi olması gerekiyor.Eğer arkadaşlarınızla oynayacaksanız Squad kurup oynayabiliyorsunuz.+Yönleri=*Oyun erken erişimde,ama yine de çoğu oyundan iyi.*Silah sesleri çok gerçekçi.*Gerçek savaştaymış hissi yaşanıyor.-----Bu arada bir savaş 40dk-1 sa-1.30 sa arası sürüyor*Animasyonlar,savaş ortamı çok iyi.*Optimizasyon sorunu yok Gtx 740m ile bile oynayabiliyorum (8gb ram)------ Yönleri=*Hava araçları gelmeli,ama daha erken erişimde,elbette günellenicektirKISACASI BU OYUNU ALIN!"
,Recommended,393380,26550104,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,vv,is good gem
76561198285236695,Recommended,393380,32013486,Posted: 28 May,all,Flyingcow100,Gives you PTSD good game it's like getting deployed in Iraq but worse
76561197997664230,Recommended,393380,32956331,Posted: 28 June,all,[TLR] Ako,.
,Recommended,393380,22916212,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,The Officialist,"If you're looking for one of the best (which is the best for me) mil-sim, roleplay, realistic, adrenaline pumping, FPS, and team-work based game, this is it.The immersive battlegrounds swallow you to where you fell as if you're in the battle. Constant team/ squad attention and communication is vital to survive against your opponents, and capture or defend a position for your mission.Boys and girls, This isn't no Battlefield, ArmA, or CoD. So don't predict it to be."
76561197963436345,Not Recommended,393380,24975241,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,[RIP] Sgt.Carter,very nice game   if only i could play it. my issues are screen freezes so bad the game is unplayable for me.  damn wish they could fix this.  also ad more us servers. east coast.
76561198133809596,Recommended,393380,31976393,Posted: 26 May,all,🔥ManGotTheFlicky🔥,"i would say wait for the price to go down as i dont think its worth the money right now, it looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥and no im not playing on a bad rig (i7 6700k GTX980TI 16gb) looks trash on the best settings of course heavly requires Team play to win whitch i like a lot, except when you have that one Idiot that desnt seem to want to shut up for a couple mins to let his squad take strategic actions on the objective, pixels in the distance especially foliage look like poo, sitting 2cm away from your monitor will give you a slight advatage on the battlefield when engaging on the enemy just bad for your eyes kids,My overall Opinion < key wordits alright i guess play with friendsand ffs dont just give up when you die you melt!"
76561198111955110,Recommended,393380,34300480,Posted: 16 August,all,FalltoRise0,FIX THE GOD DAMN PERFORMANCE♥♥♥♥♥♥ITS SO WACK ITS BURNING MY♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,393380,33211325,Posted: 3 July,all,JERT,is pretty gud
76561198202388496,Recommended,393380,35205014,Posted: 25 September,all,KyXo,best game for me you know :D best for me not you cuse im soldire and you are not only soldires can feel it :)
,Recommended,393380,25982360,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Chordoma,"WANT TO BE TACTICOOL? THEN THIS IS THE PERFECT GAME JUST FOR YOU. JUST BE SURE TO SCREAM TACTICAL BEFORE EVERY THING YOU DO!""TACTICAL RELOADING!""""TACTICAL NADE!""""TACTICAL COVER!""No for seriously though its a good game :)"
,Recommended,393380,20716982,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,F R A N K H O U S E,"-Pushing across ridge-Contacts spoted-Contacts kill squad except myself-2 full squads come to investigate our ""dead"" squad-Let them pass-Shot and killed them all11/10 Would play dead again"
,Recommended,393380,23161967,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Cowboy Elvis,"It's like a mix between the old Ghost Recon games and ARMA. Not too fast, not too slow. It's only in Alpha (pre-vehicles) but you can tell it's going to be a great game once it's fully finished, because it already is a great game. Transparent devs, mature player base, and built on Unreal Engine 4."
,Recommended,393380,20906206,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,StickyCucumber,Well all in all this is a great game but we need vehicles and is pretty bleak without itthe squadplay can be hard sometimes but with a solid squad leader its tons of funif you like intense firefights against intelligent(maby) humans rather than AI controlled dummysplay this
,Recommended,393380,31349958,Posted: 24 April,all,RavenClaw,"Great game, super high realism. Love the teamwork that is invovled and no personal ""high score."" Highly recommend to the person that plays FPS and Military games. PLay during a free weekend and check it out!"
,Not Recommended,393380,20903475,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,JaekuTheGod,"Dont be fooled by the world Base building when you see it in the description, it is pretty much you and your squad going to pre built towns and putting barricades up for the simple purpose of hiding out. Matches end just like a regular FPS Match. In a nut shell this is comparable to Battle field without the vehicles and with more communication. Nothing special about this game, give it a try if you like, you can always refund it."
76561198077101546,Recommended,393380,31345314,Posted: 24 April,all,jonwilde,"This by far is what I wanted from a Project Reality reboot. Very well built and is steadily being worked on. Here are some of my pros and cons (keep in mind this is still in early access, so many things are still changing, I dont think people remember that too often).ProsExcelent sound designGreat CommunityAdditional content is always being addedsmaller details like muzzle signature or sand pouring out of shot sand bagsnice control layout while keeping realisticand there is much more...Consanimations(some) player modles""free weekenders"" (though this is temporary haha)hard to join friendshard to find serversping issues (might be just me but they are higher in this game for some reason, hotfix should fix that)I've had many expirences with this game that I cannot get from any other. From the roaring machine gun fire, to people yelling out contacts, to the stealth push through the forest, this game portrays very well what it wants. Chaos of battle. You may argue battlefield or arma does that too, but not in the heart pounding way this game does. It has an intensity that is more so than those games. Every firefight is memorable because of the sometimes long periods in between them. With a good squad lead and communication, it boosts that even higher. Its like a big game of chess, with big boy toys at your disposal.Overall, this game provides an excellent expirence. A lot of the cons that are listed are probably being worked on as we speak, and I can't complain too much about it. Compared to project reality, this game is a beautiful upgrade. Worth the investement. WARNING: Dont expect this game to be of AAA quality, which it almost is, this is a smaller team that is doing an amazing job. A lot of reviews I see are from the wave of free weekenders that didnt understand the game completley, or doesnt realize its a work in progress. Over half probably didnt even read or watch the guides that were provided to them once they launch the game. With that said, its good to have feedback to work from."
76561197965606938,Recommended,393380,33001941,Posted: 29 June,all,Vcard,Great game
,Recommended,393380,24140057,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Paulygonn,Game is the awesome.
,Recommended,393380,22561511,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Mardigan,"Pretty dope mechanics, good ol' Project Reality squad communcation, the game is not for the lone wolf although you can play like that however it's frowned upon. You will be most effective amongst your squad mates giving and receiving intel on enemy location/Forward Outpost bases and/or Weapons Caches. Large maps making one more careful about his/her manuevers lest you die and have to walk half a kilometer. Realistic gun mechanics and an encapsulating environment. Prepare to be frustrated getting shot from God knows where, further contributing to what I said about intercommunication with the squad."
,Not Recommended,393380,22579866,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Powder,"Certainly a game that needs a lot of work. If you're in it PURELY for the ""Squad"" and team communication, then you'll have fun, other than that it's in a poor state."
,Recommended,393380,22705818,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,WonderMolone,*Joins Russian team*Team: FOR MOTHER RUSSIAMe: Not immersive enough*Joins American team*Team: MURICAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMe: Not immersive enough*Joins Terrorists*Team: ALLAHU AKBAHHHHH!!!!Me: Im home my brothers ;)!!*Tear rolls down face*
76561198088822615,Recommended,393380,22736396,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Stab I./JG52,It's good
76561197974368567,Recommended,393380,22812406,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,BakedFoSho,BEST realistic and modern FPS.... Puts COD and Battlefield to shame
,Recommended,393380,22982100,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,gbggdfg,"Awesome graphics, Awesome maps, Awesome guns and Absolutely fantastic sounds!"
,Recommended,393380,23060118,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Prophet,"Glorious military simulation in all it's glory. Now join a squad and set out to achieve your first goal.Everything is pretty, the sounds are good, you're full of hope for what's to come.Snap.Snap snap whistle.Oh boy, your first engagement. But wait, where's the bullets coming from? You squint, looking at the far away fence with the blurry trees, the blurry grass, and wow even the fence is kinda blurry.Snap snap whistle snapThat was really close, but where the f*ck are they shooting from? You squint more, your nose is pressed against the monitor, holy sh*t is your eyes getting worse?No, they are not. Squad is just terribly, terribly, blurry and unfocused for some reason. Without the usual 'zoom' that many games have, actually engaging enemies in Squad with accuracy is something reserved for city maps or close quarter ambushes.  I really want to love this game, but why on earth is it SO BLURRY?If we look away from the fact that 9/10 times I can't even see what I'm shooting at, it's a great game. 5/7"
,Recommended,393380,23090020,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,K'nuckles,A very amazing game if you take it seriously but a good game aswell if you just fool around with your Squad mates
76561198059782377,Recommended,393380,23092646,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,ArcticSpartan117,Love it!
76561198018168170,Recommended,393380,23093235,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Gentrification,This game is sick ESPECIALLY for an alpha.The sound levels are done pretty well. If you play with headphones on and have the game sound pretty loud you'll notice it right away. If you shoot single round down the canyon in the firing range and listen to the report it's pretty impressive. They're convolving that bullet sound with a long♥♥♥♥♥impulse response. I like that attention to detailIf you get into a firefight and there's people around you talking on the radio it's pretty hard to hear what they're saying which I think I another cool result of the sound level dynamics.Movement is interesting. I like the stamina mechanic and the leaning. I don't like that it's so easy to take fall damage. I wish there was free-look but I've read that that could come in a future revision. Slow switching between weapons and grenades can be frustrating but you learn to deal with it.The amount of communication is this game is awesome. If you're on a good squad/team there's a lot of coordination that goes on that I haven't really seen in other FPS's. Maybe ARMA but I don't really play a lot of ARMA.There's so many good things to say about this game. I could go on and on. I've never been so hooked on an FPS.
76561198077703091,Not Recommended,393380,23115884,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,PURPLE HAZE,"Unplayable game, nice graphics tho so sad I have to refund it"
,Not Recommended,393380,23119398,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Zack,Fix the game and I'll fix the review.
,Recommended,393380,23291025,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,RedCon1,the people that complain about this game being difficult are the same people who cry for a more realistic game. Real life your not aiming down your scope dropping people all the time. Its more or less aim at that blurry thing 400m out and shoot till it stops moving.10/10 would shoot blurry thing again
76561197961793791,Recommended,393380,23337062,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Mustard,"Amazing. If you enjoy paintballing, and not just the pretty colours, you will enjoy the intensity of this game. Visit the games website, watch gameplay on youtube, and imagine it being better. It\'s updated frequently, and is very well polished in my opinion. Buy this game."
,Recommended,393380,23354730,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Haddock,10/10 PTSD
76561198082056990,Recommended,393380,23390729,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,adivinahuele21,Great game in which cooperation and teamwork is the key for success.
76561198052899171,Recommended,393380,23478927,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,pugger1998,"im very upset, this game is so fun but i bought it before the removal of superfob building. Superfob building was hated by some but enjoyed by many. i dont get why you had to do this. I loved the idea of being able to build large fobs and that attracted me to this game."
76561198067679285,Recommended,393380,23490972,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Uzziss,"TO anyone who is expecting a game that is like cod or bf, or any other modern first person shooter where you just sprint and shoot , and who does not like talking and only comunicate to insult someone via text should think twice, cause this is squad based shooter, where most of the time you wont even see where the fire is comming from, and will have to relly on your squad on directing where to retun it,   I could talk about it for a good hour but i can't be bothered, this is hardcore millitary shooter, where comunication and team play is everything, buy it, and support the devs, in this world of modern first person shooters for 10year olds this is a breath of fress air"
,Recommended,393380,23545029,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,flex johnson,entire trailer shows a montage of a group of soldiers walking10/10 accuracy would play again
76561198016552518,Recommended,393380,23812535,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Blade,"Awesome Team based strategic and tactical gaming!.  whilst still in what is listed as a pre alpha stage, game runs a lot better than battlefield 4 did on release.  i recommend this game to anyone who likes a bit of realism and wants to experience warfare on a scale a game has never had before.i am not going to write a story about what happened in game , but i would say i have never had a game with firefights as intense as this one ;)"
,Recommended,393380,24664564,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,The Original Herbivore Man,"If you like arma 3 at all, or even thought it was attempting to do the right thing. This is the game for you. Its like arma 3 except it functions without lag etc. I love it. Greatest milsim i've ever played. I'm just nervous that when they release vehichles it could be as poorly intergrated as Arma 3's ahaha. We will see."
76561198032251418,Recommended,393380,24817751,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Matthijsschumi,Great game Every thing is like iT is suposed to be Well allmostIf any dev se thisPLZ make ranks i'm getting sick of the Squad members who dont play in there Squad and play♥♥♥♥♥lone wolfs because this game deserves to be the tactical game it is
,Recommended,393380,25152947,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,The Pips,"I like it so far, and the updates have been coming in steady. Very teambased so if your looking for that team play its here. I bought it early on and am pleased of my purchase, you can run your own server too...I HATE the games that try to monopolise their server files. A+ game here."
,Recommended,393380,25164304,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,hacken.exe,one of the most relistic shooters out in the market!
76561197991106574,Recommended,393380,25234413,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,corbela,"A short review based for a short experience:I played this for 2 hours mayby yesterday and I have to say it was mostly good. You can't put enough value for the importance of a good squad leader. It basically makes the game what it is. What comes to the performance then. I did not get fatal errors what I did fear the most. I only played for 2h but still the first impression was good. Performance was 50-60fps with 6700K and gtx1070 so it basically sucks. This is getting fixed I suppose. So I do like it. Would I recommend it? It depends. If you make yourself comfortable with things above it is really good. If you like fast paced 5sec spawn times do not touch it. Try it for sure if you want a completely different experience. People were really helpful from the beginning. I was in three servers. One of them had a really lazy squadleader. So overall pretty good.I shortly straighten mostly asked questions. No fatals for me in 2h. Could happen for sure. Fps 50-60 is ok. Not for this hardware but for playability it is fine. In v8 it will get fixed for sure.Good community:true. Would not believe ""toxic community"" arguments. Graphics are ok. Still in developments. I did notice some stuttering. Enough players: true. Game is developing and after hours of spectating forums, history, youtube channels etc it truly looks like this dev.team is a gem in steams mostly harassed EA title area.Tips: use voice chat. It is essential. Try to be squad leader. If you are enthustiastic and speak clearly and want to have and give good experience you will mostly likely achieve it. Bad squad leaders are worst nightmare to regular player that wants to feel sense of teameffort.Hopefully this helps someone to make a decision wihtout spending so much time as I did looking for objective information :) Thanks!Btw, those soldiers eyes. Please make them look better. Mayby facial expresion even a little. Getting revived by cocanepumped massrapist looking medic is a bad experience:D Thankfully awesome looking explosions and muzleflashes mosty cover them. Cheers!"
76561198094796321,Recommended,393380,25438340,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,MORN*NG,"Definitely the best shooter ever created. I played BF3 before this and now I cant even play one round cause its to cheesy. If you like realistic, fun and exhilarating gameplay like no other than this game is for you. I got 400hrs and gonna have much more cause this is pretty much the only game I play."
,Recommended,393380,25933944,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Lil Windex,Great for milsim
76561198005007828,Recommended,393380,26016129,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Mibbles,It's pretty good.
76561198002388600,Recommended,393380,26404262,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Arga,Very fun game if you got a good team.
,Recommended,393380,26427980,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Come Back Later,"i love this game, latest patch v9.5 is heads and shoulders above arma3 new vehicles, mortars, and helos tankss animations and shovel/melee incoming via Alpha v10"
76561198057566520,Recommended,393380,26438261,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Potus,"Throw nade over the wall to kill insurgents, insurgents answers with another nade... We both blew up together... 10/10"
,Recommended,393380,26477397,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,darren,this is a game for someone looking for a tactical team based game
,Recommended,393380,26479273,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,LCP. Fuzzybutt,"You can play as Russians, Russian rebels, Insurgents (Probably Russians in disguise) and filthy capita-... I mean, Americans. Each side has their own  set of guns. The pewpew machines make their own distinct sounds aswell(!).Game feels like you're in Ukraine fighting for glory of mother Russia, if executed properly.There's wheely shooty automobily's too! BTR's, Humvees with .50 cals and even trashy technicals with huge Dshk, like man who skips leg day and gets ♥♥♥♥ing destroyed all the time because he gets ♥♥♥♥ing shot off the back ahahaha! CY KA.If you're looking for a shooter that has actual tactic in it and gives you a wholesome feeling like babushka's soup, this might be a good game for you blin.RUSH POPPY FIELDS CY KA."
,Recommended,393380,26523696,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,afields101,"take note of all of us with so many hours put into this game, its a good game. You shoot people and get shot at, whats not to like.you should buy this game because its only gonna get better."
,Recommended,393380,26526908,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Caboose,Being someone who was a Huge fan of ARMA 2 at its time or release and the years to follow this game has filled the void
,Recommended,393380,26562075,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Eljefe2171,"Really good game i love how you have to work as a team, the realism and tactical elements are amazing. I felt like i was in war sometimes just chatting to my other players to come stitch me up and throw smoke its an amazing gameJust wish there was more contect lolIts too good"
,Recommended,393380,26576800,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,sainor,"Wait for better optimisation and bug fixes, everything else good!"
,Recommended,393380,26577845,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,[JEST] St127,"I have already had some great moments in Squad, it's absolutely playable right now even though it's still in Early Access.Of course it's still an Alpha, so there are still some bugs and performance issues, but, in my opinion it's already in better state, than some other Early Access games.The latest major v8 patch significantly improved performance and now Squad runs very smoothly.This game has huge potential and I really want it to be a great success.So, if you like games like Project Reality: BF 2, ARMA series, Rising Storm\ Red Orchestra series, Insurgency and Verdun- I recommend this game to you.See you on the battlefield!"
76561198035271712,Recommended,393380,26583640,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Tits McGee,"I really enjoy Squad, It puts teamwork at the top of the list.its unforgiving, you have to think while u play and communicate with your squad.In the free wekend it was a ♥♥♥♥♥torm of cod players and BF players that only wanted to snipe and be rambo, but if you want more depth and a more realistic experience, Squad is the game you have been looking for.i have 88 hours ingame, and this game is my nr1 shooter game atm. its awesome.PS : If you buy this game, you'll not get a BF game or a COD game. you get a game that is somewhat realistic in the way war is acctualy fought.Have fun, and remember.... ♥♥♥♥ing communicate."
,Recommended,393380,26587981,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,TheCrimsonSea,"A dynamic game with engaging gameplay, driven by team work, that makes you actually care about the overall fight.The pace is perfect, not too fast, not too slow.Recommended."
76561198121157519,Recommended,393380,30763878,Posted: 26 March,all,J.Dan,"﹋\_(҂`_´)<,︻╦╤─ - BACKUP HAS COME!!!_/﹋\_███████]▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▃(BOOOM)▂▄▅█████████▅▄▃▂I███████████████████MAKE GAMES, GREAT AGAIN"
76561198042812315,Recommended,393380,31009377,Posted: 7 April,all,Otter,I CANT HEAR ANYTHING 19/11
,Recommended,393380,31054654,Posted: 9 April,all,sheep boy,"Be meDownloads game during free weekendJoins random server with high population and low pingOn the map with all the fields of wheat and crapJoins random squad with mute SLPicks Rifleman roleGets flamed by team all game for picking Rifleman when other roles are openSquad moves in to take a pointI die along with a medic who was trying to get me upFight breaks out between the rest of my squad and an enemy squadEveryone panicsMy squad gets slaughtered in previously talked about fields of wheat and crapMedic and I spawn in at the nearby FOBI tell everyone not to respawn and that this Rifleman will save themMedic and I reach the field, my squad still flaming me for picking RiflemanMedic and I crawl around in the wheat slowlyI shoot two enemies in the back near our fallen GrenadierWe revive the Grenadier, he starts crawling around with usGrenadier kills one enemy, then whispers ""Tango down"" to the squad softly, I laughI kill two more enemiesMedic revives 3 more friendlies, they start crawling around also, Medic only has two more bandages leftI kill another, 3 enemies left in enemy squadWe find our SL lying there, remember he is mute and leave him behindMedic revives other two friendlies, our entire squad is saved.We find the last 3 enemies hiding in a hutWe slaughter them.I walk out of hut, I get sniped, I go down, Medic is out of bandages to revive meSL finally talks, saying ""Stupid Rifleman"".We eventually win the game.11/10 would buy the game twice11/10 would pick Rifleman again and be flamed then be the hero then get shot in the head and die."
76561198051929664,Recommended,393380,29131252,Posted: 8 January,all,SgtBro46,did not have mike so uninstalled.
76561198020603942,Recommended,393380,29240342,Posted: 13 January,all,OG Slav ☭,Squad is so realistic that if you play it for more than 4 hours at a time you start developing ptsd.﻿
76561198137017224,Recommended,393380,29262809,Posted: 14 January,all,Pappy,"You won't really understand the game at first, but it comes quickly, saying I have 9 hours I completely understand it and LOVE IT, I expect to have many many more hours of playing !"
,Recommended,393380,29577407,Posted: 29 January,all,Electus Bellator,"This game gets alot of elements of combat down, the games about as realistic as it can be for a video game. The only thing that lets this game down is its highly toxic community that has a hard on for TKing and blowing up friendly vehicles and assets, but I cannot fault the game for people being turds. I do recommend this game, you will have alot better time in it though if played with comms and with friends"
76561198050165008,Recommended,393380,29991298,Posted: 17 February,all,FTL-2 Cren,"Great game, takes sometime to get good at it, but will pay off in the end. You need to either find a good squad leader or be the squad leader."
76561198168261758,Recommended,393380,30067108,Posted: 20 February,all,HistoryBuff,If you want a fun and extemely exilarating game Squad is for you
76561198325621843,Recommended,393380,30087595,Posted: 21 February,all,cowmoney,"Its an amazing game. Love the realistic feel to it and the fact that you need team work. This was the first game i bought after building my PC, and the first FPS i have ever played on PC. I didn't know what early access was when I bought Squad. but I guess I lucked out because this game is amazing even in its alpha stage. I'm happy to support this game and cant wait for more updates"
,Recommended,393380,30092530,Posted: 21 February,all,Timmy GG,"I really love this game. It brings the strategy of a hardcore RPS when still having the fun of a FPS. I had play this game for hours at a time (but I have so many other games that I play). If my friends owned this game/had the computer power to run this game, this game would be a daily ritual.Overall love it."
,Recommended,393380,30094495,Posted: 21 February,all,Trailhammer,"Squad can be described as if Arma and Battlefield had a baby, or rather if Project Reality had a baby with an active development team.It's probably one of the best early access games on steam and the devs frequently update the game, although I was kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that the vehicle update was delayed for so long but when it did finally launch... it was kinda rough. I stopped playing it for a few months and then recently came back to fine vehicle mechanics and a decent logistics system. Squad cohesion, class variety, and communication are very important during gameplay and an imbalanced squad can lead to a huge loss of tickets for your time and amount of fun had during matches.Vehicles are useful because they allow whole squads to travel around the map faster than the would on foot along with being able to provide fire support for your team when using the right vehicles.The game is largely asymmetric due to the different weapons, attachments, and vehicles used by the four factions with varying ticket value for the different types of vehicles. The gameplay mostly revolves around the two opposing team's tickets and other various types of objectives around the map, the team that runs out of tickets loses.Overall I give this a tired review why am I writing this I should be asleep/10."
,Recommended,393380,30128658,Posted: 23 February,all,TemperDucks,"this game is actually amazing, highly recomended but there is quite a learning curve that puts people off. but 10/10"
76561198045439951,Recommended,393380,30161723,Posted: 25 February,all,Sir3ziz,a good game
,Recommended,393380,30338682,Posted: 5 March,all,Inderet,"Amazing game with great gameplay, my only problem is that i only have about 2 servers under 100+ and that both of them are full of germans who always refuse to communicate in english"
76561198115631748,Recommended,393380,30341026,Posted: 5 March,all,THATANK911,Fun Tatical and Team worked based game with no HUD. Hardcore based FPS.
,Recommended,393380,30346294,Posted: 5 March,all,Hman02,THIS IS AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!
76561198036027664,Recommended,393380,30368301,Posted: 6 March,all,theonly99,"This one time I was follwing my whole squad.  We were tasking on going to the enemy stronghold and destroying it.  Before we got there, someone in my squad yelled, ""ALLAHU AKBAR"" and then procedded to nade the entire squad.  10/10 would be naded by teammates again."
76561198008936615,Recommended,393380,30385690,Posted: 7 March,all,ozziebattler,You either have try hard military fanatics on your team or autistic screeching children. Either way it's a good game even in early access.
76561197972473305,Recommended,393380,30395424,Posted: 8 March,all,Reynolds,"great game, teamwork is actually needed to win unlike a lot of other games"
76561198309097313,Recommended,393380,23512191,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Popeye The Infidel,Man this game is fun! Lots of stuff to learn and never a dull moment. If you enjoy working as a team to get the job done in FPS's this is a great game for you!
,Recommended,393380,23512534,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,iXVChewy3873VXi,"Squad is a very well made, playable Alpha ""Early Release"" combat simulator. Many players may think that Squad is a very slow paced game but I must say once the firefights get going this combat simulator can get really intense. With constant monthly updates of new maps, vehicles and even new effects i must say this Steam ""Early Access"" has a lot of great things to come. This game is for people who enjoy Tactical Shooters with lots of squad to squad communications. As updates for new vehicles and weapons come into the game i expect even more intense battles.For a Alpha i must say this game was very well made and polished from the get go. But as everyone should know this is still in Alpha and still has some hiccups but honestly this game is still great."
,Recommended,393380,23549476,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,[V-M]Ranulf Wulfric,"I was a massive Ghostrecon and Ravenshield fan and I have been looking for something that could be as fun as that game was, back in the day.I play Arm3, which is a great combat sim but very complicated to play well.This is a lot like the old GR game but about 20x the map sizes.I have a AMD cpu, the latest patch has helped but still very laggy at times. (But as the game is still in development, it will have a few issuse`s.)All in all I love the game, very tactical and teamwork is a must.Not a gun and run game,Squad based teamwork over massive playing areas, great fun.My Thanks to the devs great work keep it up."
,Recommended,393380,23550640,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,SirTok3Alot,This game is great if ur in a good squad.
,Recommended,393380,23591277,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Skim Pickens,"Wakes up from comaPulls up Squad""Vehicles out yet?""""No""Falls back into coma"
76561198120430723,Recommended,393380,23600846,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,holzer,cant jump and shoot 0/10 realism
76561197963315984,Recommended,393380,23648992,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Ben!to,"The Gameplay mechanics work just fine, it just needs more content,more Guns, more Factions and more Maps.Vehicles can wait, just pump out More Content.Overall still a good 8/10"
,Recommended,393380,23668875,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,mharn92,this game is amazing but dont expect to be able to just rambo your way through you def need to work with your team to complete your misson and good luck!
76561198004973305,Recommended,393380,24019974,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,[/pol/] SHANIC,"I'm VERY dissapointed in this game, I mean come on guys it's 2016 we should talk out our differences not resort to violins to solve our problems I yern for the day I can play as a U.N. peace keeper like john kryton from fargate patrolling the baren wastelands of Edinbrough on a sunny afternoon where everyone is sober and not drowning their sorrows because they relaize they are scottish.Remember guys if you kill your enemy, they win, and by that logic I've won every round of squad ever. :)"
76561198029561555,Not Recommended,393380,24108241,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,"Hello, everynyan!","While I'm certainly having fun with the game, the major thing that puts me off is performance: I get over 90fps on low population servers but when you're actually on the battlefield with 70 people shooting each other it gets down to 30 fps. I tried messing with inis but found no solution. Even Arma runs better than that.Buy Squad only if you really want to play an ubber-tactical FPS, despite the bugs and little content."
76561198083528588,Recommended,393380,24172647,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Viral,"Definitely recommend this game, If your a person who enjoys a well made realistic shooter that really catches the ""realism"", this is it!"
,Recommended,393380,24306484,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,GeT_HaRd,"Alright, now for a serious review. I have a lot of time so let me explain the concept first then I'll tell you the different aspects of the game.Concept:Have you played CS:GO before? If you have, you know it's very team reliant, if one person doesn't do what the others are doing, the team falls apart and you won't win the round. Squad is like, this, except it relies a lot more on teamwork than CS:GO. If anyone insults the squad lead, they are looked down upon and likely kicked from the squad. Everyone has to follow the squad lead's orders, and if someone decides they just don't want to, let's just say your whole team of 32 people will end up receiving punishment because of it. You MUST follow orders, or you'll lose and be shot down easily- which brings us into my next point.Gameplay:The gameplay is very, very realistic with a minimum hud and realistic bullet drop. The recently added in artillery and vehicles, so many might think it's a BF4 rip-off. It's not. You die quick and can not regenerate health, unless a medic helps you out. If you get shot you start bleeding. Every class comes with bandages, but a limited supply. If you die, a medic can revive you, but he has to stop the bleeding and then use the medic bag to revive you. When you come to life, you are low on health and need the medic to heal you. When shooting, switching your mags doesn't refil them, just cycles them, which means if you have 2 empty and another half full, if you reload and switch out the half-full one, you'll come up with nothing.Graphics:It's on Unreal so they aren't bad, but the animations could use some tweaking, as well as character models. sometimes, though, the light will shine through the leaves, and it looks beautiful, and so does the water on certain maps, like one where the sky is pink, as the sun sets, and the water reflects this. Since there is unlimited render distance, it causes lag, but you can turn down how much you see from far away.Audio:This game supports 5.1 surround sound and I think higher, though I'm not sure. The sounds coming from the guns are realistic and crisp, and the surround sound really helps. Everyone in any squad you join uses a mic and it is uncommon for anyone not to use a mic, so if you have one, use it. Even if you a squeaker.Teammates/Attitude:Everyone is really nice. The only time anyone will ever get salty is if you teamkill or insult squad lead, not listening to orders. If you're a squeaker, no one really cares, unlike in CS:GO where you get bashed like hell.Graphics - 8.5/10Gameplay - 9/10Audio - 10/10Teammates/Attidtude - 10/10Overall - 9.5/10"
,Recommended,393380,24673148,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,GöstaPränk,"♥♥♥♥ Arma, ♥♥♥♥ Rainbow Six. This is the real deal."
76561198008818553,Recommended,393380,24764016,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Slim Pickens,"GENERALI'm a lone wolf when it comes to this type of game.  I prefer to avoid the arguing/nonsense that occurs when someone needs to be a leader and put together a plan of action to make things happen.  Neither ARMA, Battlefield, Counterstrike, Insurgency, Red Orchestra nor any other similar first-person shooter that I've failed to mention has managed to change this, but Squad is different.  It has somehow figured out how to bring players together in a way that makes teamwork very satisfying.  Sure, there are still a few lone wolves here and there, but they don't last long and, I hope, eventually realize the experience in Squad is about accomplishing something as a very close-knit squad, which is a rarity in this genre.  Instead of being part of a huge team, you pick a role within a squad and stay in CONSTANT communication with them and a squad leader that is calling all the shots.  This may not sound revolutionary when you consider the fact that other shooters have this option, but for whatever reason it actually seems to work here.  The only other place I've found this type of cohesion is on dedicated clan ARMA servers, who only host extreme realism scenarios, and they are few and far between.  Squad makes this experience accessible on a much bigger scale because all of the servers are setup for this experience.  No zombie apocalypse, ""Squad Life"" or lone survival-type nonsense here.  This is pure military sim.VEHICLE SUPPORTAs of this review (today actually), the developers have finally released a vehicle pack.  This has been eagerly anticipated by  the community and I must admit it's very good.  My concern was that this would ruin the experience by allowing anyone to just jump in and create havoc on the map.  The type of mayhem you see on Battlefied servers, which are full of suicidal drivers hell-bent on ruining the session for others.  Access to the vehicles is controlled by the squad leader, which is something a few players will complain about, but makes sense.  And the vehicles are geared towards small-unit tactics.  No jets/tanks/helicopters for people to carelessly roam around in.  So far, we have 5-ton trucks, APC's and small pickups.  Some have machine guns mounted.  Vehicular assets are exactly that in Squad and their use is managed as it should be.  Use them unwisely and you lose an advantage on the battlefield.  It will be interesting to see what other vehicles will be released in the future.GUI/CONTROLSIts simple, the way it should be.  The starting screens show all of the information you need, which is not overwhelming.  You choose a squad or create your own, a role that is still available and then pick a spawn point.  Make contact with your squad leader or squad members and work on whatever goal has been established.  A MIC IS ESSENTIAL if you want to be able to move and communicate quickly and effectively.  Otherwise, you're stuck typing and that sucks in this type of game.SERVERSAs of this review, there are more busy servers than you'll know what to do with.  I have expereinced no hacks/glitching so far, which is a rarity in this type of game.  I play in the USA and there are plenty of low-ping servers to choose from.  And now that vehicles have been released, there will be even more activity.  I don't see a way to ""favorite"" a server yet.MAPSThe maps are of the middle-east/Afghanistan region and are gorgeous.  The only other maps of this region of the world that I've seen, which look this good, are made by modders for the ARMA community.  ARMA maps are great,  but these maps are much better and have less of a performance impact for me.  Not too big or small.GRAPHICS/SOUNDToday, there have been plenty of complaints after the new release and also beforehand.  There are countless reasons why your rig may have problems running some games.  And some of those problems may be on the developers side as well.  Updates remedy this stuff eventually.  I have had no real problems running Squad smoothly before or after todays release.  I've had a few crashes today, but this was never an issue before the vehicle pack was released and I'm confident the developers with fix it.  They are very active.  If I run everything on epic settings, then I notice a small performance hit.  Once I turn everything back down to high settings, everything runs smoothly.  I don't measure FPS.  If it looks/acts/plays smoothly, then I'm happy and it is currently doing that.The actual graphics/sound experience is similar to what I experience using the ACE mod for ARMA or the Project Reality mod.  Those are very good mods.  Its very ""immersive"".  Thats the only way I can describe it.  Nothing thats going to melt your graphics card, but good enough to make it sweat.  I absolutely love the sound quality.  Its a very tense situation when you're pinned down in a village.  The bullets crack and the explosions occur with great intensity and their changes in proximity are very detailed.  A good example of the sound quality is stopping by a very recently destroyed humvee and  hearing the engine block crackle as it cools down.  No kidding.  I was surprised to find that.  I highly recommend a headset.To give you an idea of the performance demands of Squad and my graphical/sound experience with it, I'll post the specifications for my ""ancient"" gaming rig, which does run just about everything I play (mainly simulations) on very high settings with minimal impact.CPU: i7 860.  Released in 2009!!!!!! The motherboard it sits on is the same age!!!  My front bus speed is horrible.  It runs at 2.8 GHz and boosts to 3.4 GHz when needed.  I don't overclock either.RAM: 20 GB's of older-than-dirt DDR3.  The lowest Mhz speed still available.  Hey, I did say I have an old motherboard.GPU: Invidia GeForce GTX 760.  Not the fastest horse on the track, but it sure can run.  Again, I play mainly in the simulation genre and I can still crank it up very high with this old brick.OS: Microsoft 10 home edition.  It works great.I would consider this low-end now, but I have tweaked the living daylights out of this rig to make it run like an old classic.  There is absolutely no fat on this lean, mean budget machine.  There are few games out there that make it angry.COMMUNITYIts full of people who really enjoy this type of teamwork.  As I've mentioned, lone wolves are rare and don't last long.  This is a very communicative environment, so If that bothers you, then you will not like this.  I never thought I would, but I'm a convert.  Don't be an azzclown and you won't be treated like one.  If you don't like the squad or the squad leader you've joined, then join a different one or create your own.  Surprisingly,  I rarely find overly-serious gi joes running around barking orders and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥everyone off.  Nobody wants to be around them.  Although, there is a serious tone that must be recognized/appreciated in order to accomplish the goal of winning.  You can be a leader or a follower and there is plently of room for both.  I recommend trying the firing range before entering an active game.  There is a reason it is available and there is no time to train a new player once the♥♥♥♥♥♥hits the fan.GAMEPLAYSimilar to attack/defend objectives found in similar games.  The sessions are intense and not too long/short in duration.  You can build FOBS and certain assets/abilities are only available to the squad leader or certain roles.  Nothing is accomplished alone.  Teamwork wins the match.  Multiple squad leaders can communicate amongst themselves and verbal VOIP abuse is not really possible as communication is managed in a much more practical way than found in similar games.  Moving across the map is now faster thanks to vehicles, but use them wisely as they don't spawn constantly/everywhere.  You must be very alert when moving as there are no fast run & gun scenarios to be found here."
,Recommended,393380,24785923,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,drquest,"Vehicles are finally here! They mostly work, but one of the main problems is that in firing range the vehicles have a glitch where if you get in one you go in third person."
76561198141386776,Recommended,393380,24791829,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Steve Irwin Croc Hunter,havent seen 50 v 50 servers yet but still top♥♥♥♥♥♥recommend 10/10 good fun good community great experiance
,Recommended,393380,24797948,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,D3VISTAT0R,This is the best game that I have ever played. I am so happy with what the devs are doing and continue to do. Please support this project you will want to be there to watch it grow
,Recommended,393380,24948086,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Credit MacDaddy,"Squad is one of the few games on the market that provides an immensly realistic combat experience.  It captures that Arma 3 feeling of being in combat, while being a thousand times more accesible and optimised (of course there's still a learning curve, and a ton of bugs).  The graphics are really photorealistic, the guns are amazingly detailed and positioned to where a soldier would hold them, and the color pallete of the middle eastern maps is drab and far from oversaturated, pushing even further the realism that Squad provides.The state that this game is in at this stage of development with the size of the team working on it speaks so much about it's potential.  In it's current state, I'd say it's worth 35 bucks, not 40; but with the pace of development and the room imrpovements and gameplay additions (version 7 being a perfect example), Squad will deserve a 60 dollar price tag in no time, so get it while it's 40."
,Recommended,393380,25082068,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,SNIPERMEISTER,I highly recommend this game. Real world tactics work in this game from simple to complex. The updates for the game just keep getting better and better. It needs better optimization but its coming. The way the firearms work and look are pretty realistic. The bullet drop is spot on with all of the weapons as well as bullet speed. Youre gonna have your run of the mill with extremely good squads and some generally bad squads. Its easy to learn. This is by far the most realistic military game out to date. The devs have great experience. Most of the bad reviews for the game are from people with crappy computers. Definitely give it a try!
76561198109855568,Recommended,393380,25158510,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Krios242,"Alright, this game is great don't get me wrong. It's intense and teamwork-oriented and a whole lote of fun, but with the influx of new players thanks to the vehicles update it's almost impossible to have a good time. If you manage to actually get into a server without the whole game crashing 5 times, you're met with a bunch of people who simply give up too easily. No one communicates, and NO ONE wants to be a squad leader. They will sooner drop the role on you or just leave the squad altogether. If you're seriously looking into getting this game because you want a genuine tactical shooter, then I'd advise waiting just a little while until the masses of new players either lose interest altogether or become more skilled overall. In general though. The game is some serious fun once you manage to scour through the afformentioned cons. Still, either wait for now and stick to Project Reality for another month or so, oraccept that you'll be wading through a decent amount of crap before you have one good/solid match.7.5/10 in it's current Alpha state."
,Recommended,393380,24007810,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Syrus,it's nice
,Recommended,393380,24095514,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Ryga,"It's nice, unless AMD is involved. This game has autism with amd processors."
,Recommended,393380,24124661,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Scotty,"Fan of:Insurgency?Verdun?AA3?ARMA 3?PR (Project Reality)?-This is a must-BUY if you are looking for an Tactical Team-based Military Simulator/Game - This game is absolutely flawless; Squad/Team-work is a must have. Wanting a lone-wolf role? Fu-ck off and lean towards COD or Quake.-Next thing I would like to recommend/talk-about is that I HIGHLY recommend each player to get a MIC, it makes gameplay much difficult - Communication is a must have <3-Other subject I have trouble understanding is, why haven't we have access to Vehicles yet? (This might be fixed in the future, for now: 7/5/2016 none of that ._. )-I would like to address the Devs to balance out the game teams just alittle (Future) - Weapons are fine, infantry/ground-forces are fire, etc./e.g = If the Vehicles do arrive soon, an Fully-armored Humvee with .50 (vs.) An white nissan with .20/.30c on the back? Seems unfair... -3- I have so much hope for SQUAD since it's only in EA/Alpha - But this game is an successor to PR (Project Reality - Same controls/Mechanics/etc.) and I'm not giving up on SQUAD anytime soon <3 :3 So... I can see that SQUAD will be full of content in the next year or so with Helis, Mur weapons, Maps, Factions, Graphics Engine (Other than unreal), etc./e.g. () and IEDs o3o;That's all I can think of now, so yea... 9.5/10 Highly recommend <3"
76561198059726539,Recommended,393380,24138264,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Beroya,"Good game, cant wait for the Vic's."
,Recommended,393380,24266310,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,m0ti,this game gave me♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥psd now i have♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥psd ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥kill me
,Recommended,393380,26599377,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Saltybangbang,Joined for the free Steam weekend and had so much fun I bought the game. Excellent teamplay and realism combined with a great community and some comedy gold moments.
76561198225470896,Recommended,393380,26617688,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,oliverapexgaming,You're gonna love this game especially if you like stragetic games with your friends
76561198045606671,Recommended,393380,26621338,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Baldinater,Its good.
,Recommended,393380,26635406,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,melahuac,"Great visuals and optimization is decent for Early Access, i dipped and sampled this game for the free weekend on Nov 11-13 and got on a few servers, definite more of an Arma/sim feel than Battlefield. Only 70ish+ man servers for now or when i played, but I have to admit, playing on epic settings really makes the environments (rivers, sky etc) look beautiful, that alone made me buy it at the half off special. Farthest thing from a spray with bullets run and gun shooter, you may die with not getting any shots in, but this is more realism than fantasy as most mainstream shooters aim for in terms of gameplay mechanics. I recommend it definitely, an easy high 7 out of 10. With more features and it could be perfect if devs continue to support it. Thanks and much props for Steam and the team for the free weekend. Great to be part of Squad."
76561198071686102,Recommended,393380,26646665,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Peacock,"Kudos to the developers for making and maintaining this game. It is visually spectacular and incredibly well thought through in regards to game balance.Squad easily has one of the friendliest, welcoming communities around and due to this I have enjoyed every second playing this game.Keep up the good work."
76561197968049554,Recommended,393380,26710907,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,szotkan,Best infantry shooting mechanics ever
,Recommended,393380,28419406,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,hervai,"Best game of it's kind, no doubt about it, even if still in developpement !"
76561198077023096,Recommended,393380,19837222,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,lamer,"Three hours.. Is three hours enough time to make a review? It might not be but three hours was enough time to have met a group of gentleman who had fought hard throughout multiple matches and had several skirmishes that had lasted nearly twenty minutes. Three hours was enough time to defend a player built FOB aganist a group of enemy snipers as well as hard pushes from basic infantry.Yeah three hours isn't a lot but it sure is pretty great, if you have the money buy the game it really surprises you."
76561198130796371,Recommended,393380,19851738,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,The Shitbag Soldier,Good tactical shooter.
,Recommended,393380,19868091,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Seb,"You can compare this game with Insurgency and ArmA IIIalthough i didnt play alot of insurgency i did like it and i have played 300+ hours in arma,the style of the game is insurgency-like and the scenery is ArmA-like, only less buggyer XDbuy this game if you like sims especially military ones, after all it is still alpha but there is alot more to come and i expect alot of this game!"
76561197988672924,Recommended,393380,19869821,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,HotLegs,Best early-access game i've played.Need some hardware optimization tho.
76561198065318621,Recommended,393380,20024518,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Lo,"Great game, excellent Realism, intense firefights, realistic gun shots and explosions.However, the graphics are lacking and hard to run, and there is very little content. Wait a little while for more content to be released."
76561198121597064,Recommended,393380,20283241,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Rambo,Not bad not bad at all.it was a dark and stormy night twas quiet very quiet...   and than BANG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!i shot my team m8 as he ran around the corner I say sorry but cant help laughing.10/10 would shoot my team m8 again
76561198007393646,Recommended,393380,20289549,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Lambert,"This game is a perfect example of what a proper milsim multiplayer shooter should be. A solid gameplay mechanics originated from perfected formula of ""Project Reality"" implemented in Unreal Engine."
76561197960930584,Recommended,393380,20408451,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Fujas,Epic Game!
,Recommended,393380,20506872,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Herminator,"My brief review from my first time of playing Squad.- Enters lobby with 40 people in it.- Joins a squad and select the AKM kit.- Spawns at my squad and immediately sees a person with no nametag above.- Starts praying the AKM.- ""I'm taking fire from east-side""- Stops firing.- ""Oh sorry, it was me, I thought you were an enemy""- ""Well you didn't hit me, so it's alright.""- ""Oh that's good, sorry again mate.""- Squadleader: ""Well it's not good, you should've banged his head off.""- Whole squad laughs with mic turned on.10/10 would shoot teammate again"
76561198400982423,Recommended,393380,33727850,Posted: 22 July,all,Huntnyou,If you ever play Americas Army and Battle Field you will enjoy this game. In my opinion it is an excellent mix of both games being realistic as Americas Army and a massive battle like Battle Field. The graphics are great and plays very well.
76561198011466482,Recommended,393380,19713476,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Bear Claw Chris Lapp,PR:Unreal4
76561197991961815,Recommended,393380,19725272,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,IronComatose,"It should be obvious this is an alpha so know that from the beginning. That being said, this game is great. It is a very smooth and playable alpha until you get into those 70+ servers with everyone shooting and blowing stuff up at once. That doesn't happen very often though. The potential that this game brings along with it's great proven team make me excited to see future updates. This is no DAYz.As for the gameplay; if you're coming from Project Reality mod or ARMA then this game will feel right at home. If you're coming from BF4 or COD then you may have a little learning to do, but know that this game is no where even near the complexity of ARMA.One bit of warning, give the game a few rounds before you judge it. It's very easy to jump into a bad game in progress on a♥♥♥♥♥♥team with a♥♥♥♥♥♥squad. Really just ruins the whole thing.I like to think of this game as a solid middle ground between ARMA and BF4. Tactical but very easy to pick up. If thats what you have been looking for, jump in!"
,Recommended,393380,19838154,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,SmashTeen,Such an amazing game.  I was a Squad Leader out of the 4 Squads we were squad #3 (Charlie) Everyone followed my command and we neutralized the compound from the Russians and won the match.  It's an amazing intensive experience!  If you like ArmA you'll LOVE this!
76561198211228645,Recommended,393380,19875394,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,bloodstyle,Look no further SQUAD is here :)
,Recommended,393380,20059580,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Comrade Expand Dong,-Be me as US-Guys is wearing OCP camo-be me hugging a wall prone-akbar man walks past thanks to 10/10 uniform-Now be me as RU-Guy wearing a Desert  Tsifra Camo-Guy has Berezka camo backpack and chest gear-try n hide with the sand-get shot due to Berezka camo10/10 The uniform manual was made in english only
,Recommended,393380,20170711,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Caboose,I now have PTSD and lost hearing in my left ear.
76561198078464346,Recommended,393380,20358412,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Fadezz,Really Good if you have people to play with and they like Army Sim's
76561198083856831,Recommended,393380,20425683,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,MudCrab,Potential for this game is incredible. Cant wait for full release! <3
,Recommended,393380,20479073,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Zacht_180,"As an early access game, and I haven't said this about a lot of early access games, I can tell this is going to be great.Tactics, teamplay, and strategy are exactly what makes this game unique. Just as important as all of those things is communication, so get a mic and use it. It's similar to ArmA in terms of strategy, however it is mechanically playable. It's not clunky, and you don't have to walk 8km across the map to get to the action or objective (thanks to the rally point idea). As someone who has thoroughly enjoyed always playing military sims and tactical shooters, I can testify that this game is worth it.Remember, it's still early access and there's so much more to look forward to.Check out my guide to playing as and with a medic:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=597327421"
,Recommended,393380,21064851,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,VL,Tactics.Amazing sound.Awesome weapons.What more could you ask for?
,Recommended,393380,27160726,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,๖ۣۜDEAD HUNTER,Squad is a tactical FPS that focuses on realism. The game is fantastic and new updates are constantly released. Its the perfect FPS.
,Recommended,393380,28614678,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Private Bubba,"This game is strangeits the only game where i havent had toxic team mates, and generally just have good team mates. The community is really kind to new players and just wonderful.Squad is really fun with friends you know, but it can be fun solo too."
76561198335693037,Recommended,393380,28617547,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Kilroy,"This game will give you an experience like no other.I did a lot of research on this game before I got it, mostly because I wanted to know how to play before getting in. The most important thing to know is that this is a team game before anything else. Communication is key. The importance of playing with your squad will make or break the game.I think for someone who plays this for the first time, their first couple experiences will dictate how they will like it. For me my very first experience was entering into a server on a map that was huge. My squad didn't talk and were scattered everywhere but I knew that some squads were better than others so I didn't base the entire game on that one experience. The next game however I was in an amazing squad, the squad lead knew everything that he was doing and was barking orders in a way the squad could complete them and be effective at the same time. I remeber setting up an fob across the famous ammo hill. Which is a strong position on top of a hill top. He asked us to build a bunker with a 50.cal in it. He then told me to get in the punker and start firing on their position, while he was adjusting my fire with his binoculars. The rest of our squad and another squad went on to charge the hill. I remeber our squad leader just yelling from excitement when he saw that the burst of machine gun fire were shredding up the enemy postion while the bullets flew over our teams head. The immersion in this game is unparalleled.The mechanics in this game go further than just following orders and shooting people. There are an asortment of different vehicles with different purposes. There is base building, which in turn you need suplies from your supply trucks. The meta in this game is great. It takes the best parts of realism from arma and the fun intense moments of battlefield and combines them.I would highly recomend this game, however it's important to either youtube the basics or something before getting in on the action and it is a must to have a mic. The community is also great, but make sure your expectations of this game are set accordingly. I'm a pretty picky person when it comes to sound design, gameplay, and graphics, and while the sound and gameplay is spot on the graphics are particular. They are amazing in some areas but in some other areas its less so, such as trees or bushes. Its not a huge deal considering the explosions and weapons are just insanely well done."
,Recommended,393380,28630680,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,neelps,)
76561198122702871,Recommended,393380,28939679,Posted: 2 January,all,kuKli Donn>VP>CLG hellcase.com,meh
76561197991876547,Recommended,393380,29162230,Posted: 10 January,all,N.,"Insane game, but with terrible optimization"
,Recommended,393380,29942752,Posted: 15 February,all,RomanD-S,I love work for Uncl Sam . Let me know just who i am .
76561198119648389,Recommended,393380,30022288,Posted: 18 February,all,Kim Jong Un,"Amazing realistic and tactical FPS, probably one of the best out there, could not recommend this game more."
,Recommended,393380,30065391,Posted: 20 February,all,Chef Boyardee,"Im going to revise my review with these new updates.Pros-Super Fun-Huge open maps-Great team communication-Much better optimizationCons-Still glitchy-Not a fan of some of the respawn times-Losing points for dying from an enemy for me is just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, as it basically punishes you for not surviving and avoiding getting shot by a sniper from like 300 meters, or sacrificing yourself for someone elseOverall Score: 9/10"
76561198052916738,Recommended,393380,30066056,Posted: 20 February,all,Nighthauk,"Really great game that requires team work in order to win.  This is not your normal FPS like Call of Duty.  This is a straight up military simulation.  I served 8 years active Army and this is the closest that I can see to the real thing.  I can't wait until they bring in tanks and helicopters.  If you haven't tried this game yet, its worth the $40 to play.  If this is how the game is in Alpha, I'm eager to see how it progresses into launch."
76561198135020188,Recommended,393380,30086917,Posted: 21 February,all,J.Mitchell187,"A great game, that is getting better with each update. New to Squad, i have gained friends, and been a member of some great squads. The sound alone, will make you duck, as enemy fire supresses you, instantly. Shots echo through the hills, as you wonder where the sniper is located. Your team starts taking fire, dropping like flies, and your job, well.... MEDIC!!!! love it, love this game, love the atmosphere... 5/5, and its just the beginning!"
,Recommended,393380,30122865,Posted: 23 February,all,Don Abaddon,"Fell in Love with this game instantly because of the amount of realism it has...All other popular FPS shooters look like kinder surprice toys.. and you know what is still in Early Access.The Devs are amazing to say the least.. I am counting the days of the monthly recap..it's like a drug..Insurgency and DOI are amazingly awesome games but this...this is a whole new level.. a level on its own..!Another attribute is that you MUST talk with other players and communicate.. if you don't simply.. you are dead!Can't wait to see what the full game will look like.I would recommend it to everyone who likes fps games..they will never ever go back to anything else, Period.Specobs, OUT!"
76561198150278941,Recommended,393380,30153595,Posted: 24 February,all,[MKN] Thunder,Best game.
76561198089229421,Recommended,393380,30153766,Posted: 24 February,all,jimlthor,"Probably my most played game since EverQuest.. Teamwork is excellent, and a must. Community is great. And this♥♥♥♥♥♥is addictive.. Even for an unfinished game, where you get no rewards or tracked stats if you win, you still come back for more... That shows how fun the game play is.If you're on the fence about buying, watch some streams or wait for a free weekend. If you like Teamwork and insane, scary♥♥♥♥♥fire-fights, Buy this game.Also, the sounds are 10/10."
,Recommended,393380,30287640,Posted: 2 March,all,wetsaw,"Finally got into a game of Insurgency. (its a game mode) My team was Murika and I knew that the squad leader was the guy with the tool to destroy the enemies caches, which is what the game is all about. I never play squad leader but this time because of the added weapon I chose it. People started to join my squad and it was prett much full squadthe whole game. But we never communicated and they would hardly listen to what I said to them. They would spawn on the rally every now and then and we regrouped about like maybe 4 times the whole game. We won the game even though my squad wasn't in full harmony. The reason is I was on command channels between the squad leaders, and the fact that we were in harmony and were in command of the rest of the team it just worked out wonderful. We just had  3-5 squad leaders on the front line and the rest of the team behind us. Crazy firefights,crazy times, and good lessons. Def one of the best FPS out there , if not the best milsim atm."
76561198016613122,Recommended,393380,30334641,Posted: 5 March,all,☭Russian Red☭,"One issue that needs to be adressed is how vehicles are getting stuck when not on the road. But even with that issue the game is alot of fun and i do recommend this game. It is too much fun (with mic, don't bother to pay for this game if you don't have a mic)"
,Recommended,393380,30421707,Posted: 9 March,all,tomahawk999,awsome game but the developers are sooo lazy ...they get like 4 months to add two vehicles
,Recommended,393380,30672920,Posted: 22 March,all,I Sell Orange Soda 🍊,0/10 does not have suicide bomber class.
76561198061301177,Recommended,393380,30717707,Posted: 24 March,all,Chowdown,Throwdown is♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198248661906,Recommended,393380,26426525,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,SpeirSide,"So far pretty fun. The game is very realistic so, if your used to COD this might not be for you ;) Squad members are really nice if your a beginner and the optimization is ok. So far I am enjoying my time with this game."
76561198040986404,Recommended,393380,26461828,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Papa P,"This game used to unplayable for me, getting <20 fps and after they introduced vehicles it dropped to about 5. But after version 8 was released with its new optimization, it's like they released a brand new game. Can you say 60fps+ on epic??? This game is starting to really come together as a finished product."
76561198272672871,Recommended,393380,26475959,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Bluveo,"Great Game, Fun to play especially with team work. The updates just keep making it better. Its an Insurgency and Arma mix."
,Recommended,393380,26476343,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,TrippinToad,"If been playing from the beginning,and i can say yes it was bad at some times (bugs , crashes you can name it )but after version A.8 was released the game instantly became super smooth and way better .But still it is an alpha game and yes it crashes now and then.could be system related but i dont knowso if u are realy into teambased games,  then this is realy a solid game."
76561198079788145,Recommended,393380,26493118,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,MILK,Team based gameplay with some crazy things that can happen at any moment
76561198126922191,Recommended,393380,26563313,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,NoobScoper,most of my time i played arma 3 (not altis life) and i thought to myself what game can give me the thrill of the action in the way that i want it i checked squad on the free weekend and i found out it is so good and amazing the kind of way that tactical FPS should be like really intense and hardcore squad is deffently one of the best realistic tactical fps now
,Recommended,393380,26569982,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,c_stocky,This game is a mix between Arma and Insurgency. Great game! Received on free weekend and planning to purchase soon. Shame that so many of the reviewers are disliking it because its too slow and not anything like Call of Duty.
,Recommended,393380,26577609,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Snoopa,"This game is exactly what I've been waiting for! It's a military game entirely dependant on communication, strategy, and teamwork from your squad and the rest of your team. Meaning, it is a team fight between you and the opposing. But the team is divided into squads. You choose the squad you want to be in or lead your own. Each squad works with each other to accomplish the task set by the squad leader. Whether it be offensive or defensive, everybody listens to the leader. Band of Brothers is an excellent term to use.Most military/fps are the same: Sprint, aim, shoot, kill, reload, repeat. This is more of an actual simulation. Walk slow, crouch, trust team mates to scope the ridge line, call out when they see enemies in the distance, prepare defensive position, then maybe a gunfight or maybe just one enemy soldier just walking in the wrong place at the wrong time.The time that I have played, I have not encountered rude players, obnoxious kids (only played with one kid that sounded younger than 13),  or any of the bad things that come with  playing an online game. The community has been great, fun, and friendly. Something that has truly shocked me.The game does have a few bugs. A lot of the negative reviews on this game seems solely based on that. But the bugs are more of a nitpicky than a ruining experience. I just think that the negative reviewers expected a finished product, which  it's not. It's still in early access.For the pricing, because it IS in early access and the bugs (which really isn't much), $40 is a lot. But if you are looking for the closest thing to actually being in the army in the midst of battle, you might not be disappointed in paying that. For me, I think $20 is a good price point."
,Recommended,393380,26578195,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,XtremBug,"This game is really great. I played it during the free weekend and i cannot stop. I wish I have more time to play. It is so addictive. It has some glitches but the most time it is tough, funny, frightening and pathetic. Realism at it best. The community is great. Some ppl think its COD/BF and are getting angry if they are not revived in one minute.But you have to put on some walking shoes and alway stay to the squad and learn to throw a grenade OVER the wall.Here are some useful things I learnd:-) Get a mic and use it to report movement-) The Squad leader uses ""T"" to set some ralley points and fob (Spawn points). Sandbags, barbwire, ... has to be build with the shovel by the normal class.-) Never use the last spawn point if u are not the sqaud leader!-) Use smoke to get ""invisible""-) Clear the area before reviving someone (or use smoke)-) Use ""shift"" to zoom a little bit while aiming-) U can make someone else to a squad leader if u press ""enter"" and then on his name.Have fun. And remember ""This We’ll Defend"""
,Recommended,393380,26589184,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Sanny,"Liked what I saw from this Free Weekend. The Squad/tactical gameplay is definitely there. So I decided to buy the game, 50% off was an offer I couldn't refuse.This plays very much like Project Reality, yet it's something else entirely, something better. Looking forward to the future of this game."
,Recommended,393380,26590940,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,arctiC,Still quite barebones but very playable and with good performance after the latest update. Very reminiscent of Project Reality so if you want that with a new engine then this is the game for you. The potential for this game is huge when they finally get to implement all the features they have planned.
,Recommended,393380,26599603,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Chumpz✪Phoenix,Great game love the realism love the battle mechanics love the sounds the game ive been waiting for. i have always wanted a game this fun on the free weekend i logged about 24 hours having so much fun.One problem is the optimization for amd cpus i get about 30 fps regular and 20 fps in battles but after some tweaks it boosted me about 5 frames BUT the developers regularly update the game with hotfixes etc so i would assume that the optimization will be fixed remember its just in alpha.Overall worth 40$ 100%Edit 1 :Let me tell you a story of my time on squad. I was with a squad of probably 7 people and one of the other squads needed help so squad lead sent 3 of us a long ways away with no fobs or rally points nearby so we headed off to take the objective into this market area and  we decided to split up a bit out of the 3 of us and then we heard a gunshot so we did a check to see who is still alive and found out one of us died so there was just 2 of us so we retreated into a compound and hid as enemy soldiers approached and cleared the compound little did we know we were hiding so i dropped one then like 4 came in i heard a distant voice say OH♥♥♥♥♥♥as i heard that i found out he died and i was the last one to finish the operation So i started moving out and retreated for a bit i still think of how i couldnt do anything to help them :(. 10/10 would have survivors guilt again
,Recommended,393380,26604329,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,AgentNovawolf,Just played for the free weekend and this game reaches my top 5 games ever played! Can't wait for more features to be added into the game. I hope this game is successful and it stays that way! Going to buy it soon!
,Recommended,393380,26633093,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,SpoytoR,"AWESOME GAME! If you like Project Reality and Insurgency, you are going to love this one!Pretty good graphics, decent optimizations (still Alpha), awesome huge maps, totally player driven. Headset with microphone is a must! Awesome game overall, addictive as hell!"
,Recommended,393380,26634728,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Butters Shakapoulatof,"Super jeu, communauté excellent, teamplay parfait juste génial"
,Recommended,393380,26635447,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Skryptec,"Amazing game, the roleplaying part of the game is probably the most fun part of the whole game. From driving around in an humvee to intensive firefights. This is probably my favorite game ever.Only downside of this game is the optimization, but I can deal with playing on somewhat lower FPS because of my AMD CPU.Anyway, great game, I've been following the development for a year or so now before it even came out. (I saw it on YouTube), keep it up!"
76561198010426412,Recommended,393380,26733250,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,[RIP] Zig,"Like anything in life you get out what you put in.... If you want to go run about with an MG on your own nuking millions of players or hide in a bush headshoting enemies from 1000 yards you will be really dissapointed by this game. More over you sqaud leader will hate you and kick you from his squad, then you will be left in the middle of no where without your weapon, with no friends and you will probhably die.Its not your avarage FPS.However you like talking to people and playing as part of a team the game is really pretty good. The devs are spot on and updates come regular while bugs are worked on nice and quick.The teamplay dynamic squad brings to gaming is spot on and it provides some immense moments of action and tension. Really good selection of factions and weapons with nice core game mechanics.... its only in alpha but already a really solid game and will only get better with time. Those guys giving it negative reviews who have 0.5hrs game play from the free weekend obviously havent really grasped what the game is about..... which is a shame for them."
,Recommended,393380,28425855,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,★ Wolf ★,"Great ♥♥♥♥ing game, better than Battlefield, more realistic then Insurgency but not as complicated as ArmA 3, 10/10"
,Recommended,393380,29457877,Posted: 24 January,all,Murtalhas,awsome gamejust make sure u got a mic cos comunication is really important
,Recommended,393380,30440501,Posted: 10 March,all,cykr,"This game is awesome, it is really intense if you get into it.  The developers are working hard to put out updates, which is great to see.  The game has progressed at a good pace."
,Recommended,393380,31006020,Posted: 7 April,all,TheLausen,"Very decent game, like they said, they really bridged the gap between arcade shooters and military simulators. It reminds me a lot of an older game I played a lot as a kid called ""Joint Ops: Typhoon Rising"" by Novalogic.My PC Specs:Toshiba Qosmio X775Windows 10Intel Core i7 (Or NVIDIA GeForce, Prefered)8gb RAMThe game, for me, runs alright on Medium graphics altogether, and can be choppy depending on the server. The game is a bit confusing at first, the button layout isn't that bad (You can rearrange it however you'd like), and almost everyone you will play online with is usually always willing to help you out with the questions you have. It also is a plus that there aren't a lot of little kids playing due to the complexity of this game, so no whiney, yelling kids!Overall, if your PC can't handle games such as Arma 3, and you don't enjoy SUPER complex button mapping and military strategy, then this is the next step down for you!"
,Recommended,393380,31033912,Posted: 8 April,all,Sirky,"Very good war simulator game whatever it is, but free weekend is messy asf bc of all the noobs playing"
,Recommended,393380,31049887,Posted: 9 April,all,Ostern-Bär,Easily the best tactical shooter available.
76561197994688752,Recommended,393380,33921618,Posted: 30 July,all,Dad,nice
76561198071293285,Recommended,393380,33930825,Posted: 31 July,all,HESilentmad,Absolutely the best shooter game right now!
,Recommended,393380,29834593,Posted: 10 February,all,Caimen,"In between Battlefield 4 and Arma 3 this is the best tactical military simulator that is easy enough for the average player to get in to.  Weapons feel great, explosions feel amazing and the sound is the best of any game I've played.  Play with a real headset with dolby surround and you will really feel the shots and explosions.  So much so that it's actually difficult to hear your squad mates talking which is exactly how it should be.  It's the most immersive multiplayer FPS game out there right now.  The squad comms makes things simple and straight forward and limits on weapons like sniper rifles make the game not just a big snipe fest which every other game is plagued with.  Worth the buy just not to get shot by a sniper every time you are out in the field."
76561198008895419,Recommended,393380,30380392,Posted: 7 March,all,Aaron,its like sex but im having it!
76561198166479218,Recommended,393380,21808225,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,God,I like it and 👼
,Recommended,393380,22185673,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Expe,"This is a great game with lots of depth to it. Probably the best fps I've played so far. Lots of communication, tactics, and teamwork needs to be used to win. Lots of potential in the future too with the addition of vehicles and mortars coming soon. Also a note for people complaining about AMD getting bad fps, you forget that it is in Alpha. Of course the game isn't fully optimized and made yet. You shouldn't be giving it bad reviews when you buy the game knowing the potential bugs or stability issues that always come with Alpha and even Beta games."
,Recommended,393380,22183912,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Mental Miggy,"Squad even in its early stages, has been able to find the perfect medium in the market between fast paced shooters and the more complex simulations like Arma 3.  I was really glad to see the implementation of ballistic physics such as bullet drop and also bullet travel time.  Yes, bullets don't automatically teleport to your target like in 90% of todays shooters today.  I've heard people refer to Squad as a ""running/walking simulator"", and if you come into this game with a counterstrike mentality, I assure you, it will be. The devs have managed to create a very realistic feeling tactical shooter, but stopped short of the clunkiness and overcomplicated controls that often come with that.  Graphically, the game needs some improvement.  in area's around buildings and when looking at close terrain, it already has an acceptable amount of detail, but when viewing off to the distance, it does look a little barren (Yes much of the game is focused around empty wilderness but I'm referring to textures).  That said, the devs are clearly focused on getting the bare skeleton of the game right before looking into cosmetics, and in my opinion, they have got it right.  Game performance for me has been excellent, but I do have  high end machine.  I have heard complaints that people have performance issues on AMD machines. Though this may have been addressed by now, it's worth doing a little research before clicking on the buy button.  Playerbase so far has been welcoming and mature, but fun to play with.This game has real scale, so be prepared to travel with your squad. If seeing an enemy to shoot at around every corner is what you're looking for, then Squad is definitely not for you.  It's an expensive game for one so early in development.  Is the price justified at this stage? I think it may be a little high for some if you're looking for instant ""pick up and play"".  I wasn't under any illusions about what to expect though.  I bought this game because I know that buying it was inevitable at some stage.  It has a great dev team who are focused on the long haul, and have experience at exactly what they are doing."
76561198125376960,Recommended,393380,22209847,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Red Peril,"This Game is worth it!!It is like a more fast paced ARMA and bits of Red Orchestra 2 put together. When I first started playing I thought I could run off on my own and survive and take on the enemies, but I soon found out that its was useless and that working with your squad would equal victory.Likes:1. The fact that you aren't bullet sponges2. Its more fast paced than arma and half the game is not dedicated to getting to the objective.3. The guns feel and sound real. This is coming from somone who has used almost all of the weapons in real life.4. Its a good deal and cheaper than most Milsim games.5. Involves some intelligence in your gameplay instead of mindless shooting and camping.6. Plenty of ammunition though an extra grenade is always nice.Dislikes:1. The teamkilling. Its lke the wild west. Sometimes people come out of spwan and shoot everyone.2. Now and then you get abusive admins who think they are all mighty and are the law.3. Stupid teamates, more so the squad leaders. On many occasions I have had the worst Squad leaders who belive they are always right and ignore and hints or suggestions made by other leaders and soldiers. A stupid Squad leader can mean the defeat of a whole team.4.The lack of a voting system and a banning system, sometimes teamkillers keep joining back.5. The very long spawn times, however I understand that it might be a funtion of the realism since when someone dies they dont come back in real life so this may be trying to simulate that. The normal spawn time of a rally point is 30s and a FOB is 20.6. The damge from pistols, especially the Makarov is so small. Its like you wip out a water gun.7. The fall damage is just stupid. Its almost comedic. If you fall off about 2 feet you lose health. This seriosly needs work.Other than that the Game is fantastic and fun to play with friends."
,Recommended,393380,22128805,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,BobbyBoyGaming,"Really cool game, I'd recommend it even at this alpha stage. It brings back the good gameplay, and solid/straight forward control schemes from good old games such as the ORIGINAL Ghost Recon, and Rainbow Six Rogue Spear (games from the 1990s).  I truly felt tension and cared about my character's life [E.g. I didnt wanna get shot, and try to move from cover to cover], the maps are perfectly sized, the game doesn't feel like a marathon-running simulator in my opinion [spawn points can be laid down too so that helps]. The fact that the HUD isnt clogged with weapon unlocks and achievements is awesome. Also, everyone has similar loadouts so it is well balanced. Teamwork is good and community seems willing to use voice chat.In my opinion this game is what I wanted to get out of Insurgency but never could. The superior game engine alone makes the game automatically much better, and the devs seem to be working hard. I hope that when they add vehicles they dont turn this game into a BF4. I like the game it its current state though.System requirements might be high for some people though."
,Recommended,393380,22301159,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,FrediWest,If Battlefield and Arma had a baby together; it would be Squad!
,Recommended,393380,22272527,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Jala,"Very amazing, very real, very easy to get use too."
,Recommended,393380,21760541,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,[ANON] B0ss3n,this gaem was hard to start out withbut after about an hour it was awsomeso much fun
76561197980339321,Recommended,393380,22302477,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,{P}<Viking>,"DISCLAIMER:The game is in Alpha and it has multiple bugs and low overall graphical quality so this is the review of a concept and gameplay more than a finished polished product.Pros:-Very Tactical-Positioning over rushing-Tactic over reflexes-Amazing sounds-Very realistic locations-Teamwork is the ONLY way to win-No k/d ratio during the match on the scoreboardCons:-Requires very good Squad leaders (one idle squad can lose a game for the whole team)-Incredibly big maps with no vehicles (yet) make it very boring to walk around-Animations (in particular jumping) are broken... getting stuck under fire behind a knee high wall because you can't jump it is very frustrating-Graphically is definitely sub-par (I expect this to get way better with time)-VoIP if used incorrectly can be extra annoying-Hit registration is sometimes broken-Firing is very challenging... way more than real lifeOverall I love the experience this game gives me even if some times I hate it (can't jump over a small wall under fire).The direction where this game is headed is definitely the right one: hated by COD/BF fanboys, only serious people need apply, tactic over reflexes, positioning over rushing, thinking over shooting.It needs better graphics (textures, polygons and so on) and I would trade 10 players for it (64 people are enough on a server), better hit registration, less unrealistic shooting mechanics, vehicles (not too many... just transports and infantry support vehicles... no tanks, no helicopters, no jets), maybe an artillery/close air support (to be called by the artillery spotter role once every 10 minutes).I definitely recommend this game to anyone who loved Project Reality or even enjoyed BF2 (life doesn't replenish itself, when you see many enemies/tank you hide, moving together is important) and to anyone who is looking for a realistic and intense combat experience videogame."
,Recommended,393380,19712691,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,♥MOOSE♥,"AMAZING! it only takes 20 mins to revive someone while getting shot at but its fine becasue sniping is so much better you move your mouse and it feels like its moving pixel by pixel i encourage everyone to buy this game totally worth the money you buy it for. The vehicles, oh the vehicles.....if i could find them i would write about them"
76561198045791383,Recommended,393380,19719968,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Ambrose UK,"Love the the game play and tactical realism, Awesome realistic shooter. Glad I purchased after much thought!"
76561198042971462,Recommended,393380,19725388,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,RICER,"Judging that this game is still far from being fully developed, I'm really impressed on how squad is at this point. It truly has the potential of being the best tactical shooter with its large scale fighting to their really big maps. This is exactly like project reality but with better effects, gameplay, graphics, and etc. If no one is able to play project reality, then this game is a must buy( its worth the 40 dollars, trust me). To top it all, what makes a good tactical shooter is the team work and communication between your squad and the other squads. I definitely would reccommend this game to anyone who is willing to try out tactical shooters for the first time.KUDOS to the developers of the game, your hard work has paid off :)"
,Recommended,393380,19725971,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Steel Shark Studios,"Great game...very much worth the asking price. it does have some flaws at the moment, mainly optimisation, it's good for an alpha product that looks as good as it does, but on my older GTX 570 it can struggle to get 30fps. Besides that the game is amazing for an Elary access game, and it will only get better with the addition of vechcles in the near future...i find it impossiable not to recommend this game"
76561198030736023,Recommended,393380,19755384,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Kirza94,"Really really fun, only problem i have is the game is terribly optimised, i have a 7970/amd6300 and it should play this game on atleast medium but on low i only get 20-30fps...Apart from that the game could be amazing if they fix this issue"
76561198194141106,Recommended,393380,19784592,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,[63e] Wolf_ManGaming,I LOVE PLAY SQUAD IS BEST GAME TO GET SEE MORE PEOPLE IT
76561198140182106,Recommended,393380,19788430,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Mahdizzle,Haven't played it so mutch at all yet but i see potential in this game and like what i see from the developers in the patches. Maybe not worth the money since it's still in alpha but still a really fun game overall.
,Recommended,393380,33730840,Posted: 22 July,all,Mcbutterhuff,love this game it onlys gets better with every update! Great Community
,Recommended,393380,33733899,Posted: 22 July,all,Dryerlint,"This game is all about the adrenaline dump. One second you're sitting around chillin' with your buds building some explacements, and the next second there's tracers flying by you and your buddy is blowing the top off some over-reaching noob in an APC with his rocket launcher and you're storming toward the wreckage to make sure there are no survivors. Perfect 5/7."
76561198086314142,Recommended,393380,19708974,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,MayhemMonkey,"I´ve been following the development for quite some time and really was excited to finally get to play it.Squad is an more relastic, teambased and more intense Battlefield but not as clunky as ARMA.Would recommend the game to ARMA-, Battlefield- and PR-Fans coz its like a hybrid of those and mostly... its really fun to play.and btw.... get a mic :D10/10 GG"
,Recommended,393380,19759173,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Cybrinsanity,"Wow, this is an amazing game in my opinion. It's like MAG and Insurgency had a baby on steroids!! :) The sounds are intense to say the least, I don't think I've ever felt as overwhelmed in a firefight before this game, feels like what real warfare should feel like and sound like.  When you get in an actual decent squad its just sweet bliss. I love it and this game may seriously keep me from buying any other game for a really long time. Thank you SQUAD! thank you!!!"
,Not Recommended,393380,19771467,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Fabian Cdx,"Dont play with this Hardware:AMD Phenom X4 3,5 GHZNVIDIA Gigabyte GTS 450 1,5gb4 GB RAM CORSAIRit will not work... not even on low settings...the game was wrote bad..."
76561198058507679,Recommended,393380,19797649,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,BICBOI!,"Squad is a great game silimilar to pr. Yeah sure 40 dollars is alot to ask and pr is in a better state but the graphics on this create a really realistic atmosphere that PR fails to recreate. This is a game you can sit for hours paying and never get bored from the tactics you make and teamwork you use. Just some things to consider before buying, make sure you can run it. Besides that a really great game!"
,Recommended,393380,19833652,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,BEN EMM,"First of all WOW.In short, if you're looking for a realistic first person shooter that focuses on squad focused gameplay with a huge enphasis on teamwork, this is the game for you! It's like Arma 3 and Insurgency had a baby but only the good bits went in! Base building, Army sounding radio VOIP system, realistic gun sounds and fire fight sounds this thing is amazing.YES, it's £29.99. Is it worth it right now? That depends, if you're looking to get your value for money out of stability, a game that has tons of features and a game that genrally just feels polished - No, it's not worth it.IF, you are looking for great quality gameplay (with alpha related issues) a game that does everything I have stated above and something that is fresh, emmersive and going to progress over time, this is definitely the one for you.My opinion, WORTH A BUY? YES!This game is in Alpha but god is it good. I've sank in 10 hours already and I work 50 hours a week, I'm playing this thing every waking second that I can! The sounds in a gun fight and when you are walking around are unparalleled in any other shooter I have ever played! From the snaps of the gun fire passing overhead to the explosions, *KRRRC's"" and bleeps on the radio before and after people talk. From the second you enter the game, you are immersed.The amount of things that are in the game already are amazing! For example, you're using the grenader class and you can see some enemys setting up in the distance and want to show your sniper where they are, you get out your M203 grenade launcher attached to the barrel of your gun, load in some red smoke and fire it 200M across the map to light him up like a red smokey christmas tree for your buddy, ready to blow him away! Or maybe you're in a close quaters fire fight and you don't want to take friendly fire from some troops up on a hill helping you out, load up your launcher with some blue smoke to mark your position!STORY TIME:Let me set the scene. Me and my squad of 9 have just pushed our way up through what looks like an opiate field, we've pushed through a few streets and farms and everything seems clear. The squad leader gets word over the radio that Insurgents are fortifying a position North of the objective we need to secure - we head to clear it out.We push through another poppy field up towards the compound we suspect the enemy to be fortifying, SNAP! Fire Erupts from the compound, tracers are flying everywhere. The squad leader yells at our machine gunner to lay down suppressive fire on a small hole in the wall the fire seems to be coming from, our two grenades start to bombard the compound with grenades from their M203 grenade launchers. The rest of the squad fires at the muzzle flashes they can see coming from the compound, we're all dug in and ready to fight. 30 seconds later the squad leader yells for a cease fire. We've taken them...40 minutes into the game we've moved up to the final objective, Alpha & Charlie move up to join us in the final assault. We've taken over what looks like a communications area and have began to build it up, we've got sandbags covering us from the sides and on the tops of building and huuuge congrete blocks and barbed wire stopping the enemy getting near us. We begin the HOUR LONG FIRE FIGHT. Grenades, RPG's, Snipers, Machine Gunners, endless smoke grenades and constant resupplies saw us through the long fight with the insurgents."
76561198002586109,Recommended,393380,19860404,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,-|TBG|-  l_SLaPSHoTz_l,"This game is absolutly amazing. Very fun. Game takes a bit to get use to, its not call of duty or battlefield where you can run in a room and clear out the entire room by yourself. Its all very tactical and slow. Every game ive played so far, your team mates communicate with you, and its all mature players. Would reccomend to anyone that loves to communicate with team mates and play very tactical and slow.!"
76561197978981410,Recommended,393380,19871102,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Jay,"An absolute must have if you like military shooters and real teamwork.Pros- Teamwork is great on this game- Graphics are amazing (look at my screenshots)- Sound. Overlooked in most FPS, the sound in this is truely amazing- Gameplay. Solid controls and awesome game mechanincs make for some great firefights- Potential. Game is great already, thats only infantry only. When Vehicles/factions/more maps enter the fray it will be   even betterCons- A little under optimizedMe - ""MEDIIIICCCCC...i cant feel my legs!!!!""Medic- ""Your legs are fine, its because your arms have been blown off"""
,Recommended,393380,19996028,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Bling,"Day 1 of playing medic:In compound secured by us defences up then a yell: ""RPG!"" BOOM!2 men go down and are screaming MEDIC! i begin healing and they say ""please medic....i see the light oh god!|"" and ""no no not like this..."" i help them then we take the fight to the terrorists... we all dieday 2 of playing medic:nade comes in i look down and say ""um i think thats a nade"" me and my squad explode....10/10 would medic again"
76561198223839968,Not Recommended,393380,20385927,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,JesusLuvsYou,"Is there going to be any fixes on graphics quality, i mean really, Come on UNREAL ENGINE"
76561198040430226,Recommended,393380,20387616,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,SleepGreen,Hands down one of the best military game i've played... and i played em all!
,Recommended,393380,20481269,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Shaymaster,This game is a blast! Most intense combat game I have played. Looking forward to future updates!
76561198043945040,Recommended,393380,20487746,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,UltimateNobody,"UPDATED VERSION AT THE BOTTOM:Really awesome game, just too bad it doesnt's run good enough on my PC.You need a really good rig to run this at good/playable graphics. Don't get me wrong I do not mind weaker graphics, but when playing on the lower setting it is really difficult to tell the differance between a little bush and a player laying down from about 100m out and onwards, and since most firefights take place at that range, or even further, it makes the game kind of ""unplayable"" for me.Again I do not blame the game for this as I realize it is my PC that has the problem, but just make sure your PC meet or succeeds the recommended requirements, not the minimum as mine does.But besides that, gamplay-wise = BRILLIANT. People talk all the time. I really didn't find it difficult to get started thanks to my squadmates whom was talking throughout the entire match. I was always sure where to look, where to go, which point to press or defend...u name it !! Gunplay is also very brutal, but fun at the same time. Recoil is a real thing, just overall, this is a really awesome game.Being early access, this game is gonna be insanely good when it gets the full release..hell, it is already insanely good and I will definitely upgrade my PC due to this game. I would 100% recommend this game to anyone who wants to play a bigger, more tactical (and maybe more mature) Battlefield game.7/10UPDATED VERSION (12 August 2016):Okay I said I was gonna upgrade my pc, and I did !! Running a GTX760 GPU, 16GB Ram and i5 4th gen CPU, and man oh man is this game beautifull !! I can now play on med/high (more high) settings, and still get 45+ fps.The tactics are real, the gunplay is still awesome, the communication is there, this game is shaping up to be a really really awesome game and the perfect successor to Project Reality.Still highly highly recommended if you prefer a first person, mil sim, TEAM BASED shooter. Lone wolfing can probably be done but it's really not recommended. If you want to flank, take 2 or 3 buddies with you, as flanking can sway the fight.8/10"
76561198205222332,Recommended,393380,20496164,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,x-hotsauce-x,"fun as hell. easy to jump in. runs smooth. make new friends. every kill you earn feels so rewarding, yet anxious because you might not be sure if they are dead. can't wait to see what else they bring to this game. addicted."
,Recommended,393380,21094018,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,alpha meme,"Love the game, amazing optimization. Super realistic. It actually requires teamworks to play the game properly. Also, this is one of the ames you actually should take seriously."
,Recommended,393380,19725944,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Ralph P. Johnson,"This is a very good game for people that is in to the ArmA series or players that playeda alot of Project Reality.+  =  good thing-   =  bad thing/   =  good & bad+ Good communication+ Good gunplay+ Amazing maps/ Playable with high ping, But mostly not possible to get ping under 90- Low FPS on some mapsEnd results:80% good, 10% both & 10% bad.I rate this game 8/10"
76561198101222460,Recommended,393380,20306720,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,=DRK= Phipps,"I want to play this game so much... But it runs at 25 FPS. :(       Im not refunding, but it better get optimized."
76561198270949191,Recommended,393380,20337488,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,LEROY WINKINS,What is there not to love about this game. i know it will only get better...
76561198020906838,Recommended,393380,20361380,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,ZXD_Tomdiddly,"Well what to say about this game.... i shall go through the good and bad bit at a time.THE GOODVisuals- Graphics are pretty damm good, havent seen many visual bugs and wading through a wadi surrounded by meter high walls and pooppy fields hasnt looked quite this good in well... ever. Seems to be the first game that, to me, gives you a sense of distance that not many games achieve. The quality of the objects such as the weapon systems are very nice for early access.Audio- The sounds produced by this game gives a nice feel to te battlefield like listening to a firefight 500m away or the sonic crack of a round coming close to you. really does add to the game and to suppression on that matterControls- its nice to see a simulator come with simplistic controls. not having to worry about 90 different key bindings does make the game more enjoyable.THE BADweapon sound variation- i dont like the fact that all of the ak varients sounds exactly the same from the ak74 to the akm ect ect. the ugl bombs could have a slight better distiction as well in my opinionlack of optics- i found the lack of optics in this game disturbing.... no really the lack of optics for all of the sides apart from usa is a bit silly. the russian ground force surely would be outfitted with pso 4x optics similar to acogs ect. keep irons for insurgentsweapon zeroing- id like to see a zeroing adjustment for elevation as there isnt many ways of massively judging distance on this. especially for grenade launchers. also mabye wind speed could be a nice little niche to add inwall mantle- in real life you can stumble over a meter high wall with kit on (been there done that) so i think it would be right to allow characters to mantle walls with a fatigue penalty similar to jumping.just a few little bits pointed out in that but overall this is a pretty fantastic game and would defo reccomend to everyone(with a mic)high hopes for the final releaseearly access 8/10"
,Recommended,393380,20395466,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Dynamik,Game for serious teamplayers.
,Recommended,393380,20405368,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,ShakeZoolah,"I think I have a good understanding for someone who just jumped in the game.WARNING: This game is noticably in Alpha.If you are looking for a tactical game with more fluid gameplay and mobility than lets say Arma, this is the game for you. YOU MUST RELY on your squad, they rely on you. THIS IS NOT A RAMBO RUN AND GUN GAME! DON'T GET IT AND COMPLAIN WHEN YOU DIE ALL THE TIME FOR BEING A LONE WOLF. That said there is CS and CoD for you if that's what you want. But if you want more realism, and actually work with a team this is for you.Pros: Team based, Kills feel very rewarding, accurate surround sound, visuals arent half bad and will get better, most ""combat realistic"" game i have played.Cons: Loadouts are stale, not going to lie, if i only get two weapons and only can be a sniper if my squad demands it or if i join first before lockout, I want to at least be able to customize my gun. Lone wolfs currently arent punished and waste valuable slots, mostly any gun equiped with a decent scope. really i cant justifiably say anything else against it this is all alpha. It has gotten noticably better even in the 15 hours i have played. Thats says something.I do reccomend this game, but dont buy if you are not a team player and know what you are getting into."
,Recommended,393380,20416681,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,havoc1482,"As stated, its still in Alpha, but the potential is there. I'm a veteran of the PR days since it was but a wee mini-mod for BF2. If the devs can bring the same game play into this new engine it will be a game of many, many sleepless nights.So far I'm impressed69/10 cannot wait to detonate incorrect IED trigger group"
76561197964565990,Recommended,393380,20420796,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Tab,"Really good game, and its still pre alpha.Buy it before it gets to expensive!"
,Recommended,393380,20444470,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Justmatel,"10/10 would charge ahead and clear 4 bad guys to save my fallen comrade ""♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"""
,Recommended,393380,20459373,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,shinracorps,i didn't know what the smokes meant so i shot all 3 colors next to each other to make the french flag.10/10 would confuse my team with smoke again
76561198126824960,Recommended,393380,20495796,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Hoax87,"spawn, run 100metres, look around, fire into a field, dead by the bullets of an invisible enemy, and then repeat over and over again until you wonder why you actually purchased this game, end up playing insurgency for an hour to calm down and then return to do it all again. Just buy it!!!"
,Recommended,393380,20497762,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Vac,"OK guys big thanks to the =DRK=  community for getting me tnto squad leader of drk is bluedrake42 chsck him out on youtube. OK so people say oh its like insurgency oh its a copie of arma dont buy it well dont say that♥♥♥♥♥♥thats all ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t you cant dislike this game beacause of that squad is based off of project reallity mod for BF2 to remind you this game is NOTHING I SAY NOTHING like BF2  go check out PROJECT reallity if you can free awsome game ok back to the game Squad is a realistic 50 v 50 large scale infantry, vehicle warfare so yeah its a bit like arma NOTHING like INSURGENCY its based off of Project reallity witch is similar to squad and squad is bassically PR2 witch is project reallity 2 and thats fine by all meens but you cant dislike this game for what it is in alpha or what it can be when it comes out squad you work together with your team you coordinate attacks you communicate not like arma where a bunch of yahoos run around right now no vehicles but soon if you like large sclae warfare with helecopters tanks infantry nation versus nation building FOBs supply lines getting cut off so you guys have to wait for supplies to break through and get to you defending a flag inside a FOB but right now there is legistic system in so no suppli lines or stuff like that until a later update but you see what i meen your not a yahoo who runs around not aiming down sights your a soldier in the front lines giving support or a tank crew member give this game a chance 20/10 buy this game for what it will be not for what it is in early acess"
76561198073432294,Recommended,393380,19723233,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Damian,"Squad is a hardcore shooter, That is a very fun and enjoyable game."
,Recommended,393380,19787460,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Jug,"If you're searching for a tactical simulation FPS between something like Insurgency and ArmA, this is your game. It takes the best of ArmA with the scale, openness and realism, and blend it with the intense and close fire fights of Insurgency. No wave after wave gameplay here, but an open map full of tactical options if every squads play their parts.Still in early access but already awesomely hard. Can't wait for the first vehicles and new features!"
76561198017457648,Recommended,393380,19796915,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Gary?,"For an alpha this game is amazing, the whole atmosphere just feels like a real war zone and the comms just adds to it. What felt like a hour turned out to be multiple so easy to get lost in the battle. Theres lots of room for improvment yes but well worth buying now."
76561198010798998,Recommended,393380,19860793,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Dudash,I have only played for a little over 2 hours and this game is very good! It is not your typical FPS game like CoD or even Battlefield. The maps are much bigger than BF and the gun fights make it feel as real as possible! It's hard to explain how good this game is because it really doesn't matter on the amount of kills you get because in the end it is about capturing points and defending key areas. This game is all about teamwork and communication which puts it into a class of its own. The VoIP is amazing! I have never seen anything like it in any other game (or one that actually works). The local chat is really neat. Plus you can go up to 50 vs 50 games!!
,Recommended,393380,20060291,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Athanaric,"I know that the $39.99 price seems high for an early access shooter, but if you're looking for an excellent realistic shooter that doesn't run like garbage (on at least most systems it seems) look no further.  This game has the perfect balance of battlefield and ArmA that I've ever seen.*Communication - The VoIP is excellent and you can really tell where your teammates (or enemies) are and their direction/distance.  It's easy to distinguish between squad and area chat, and they are both crucial to success.*Gameplay - Excellent.  Being in a squad that communicates both within themselves and making sure that the squad leader is working with the other squads creates a sort of dance to the battle that you can literally watch from the map as a grunt. The guns feel incredibly realistic, forcing you to carefully take shots, and make sure you watch for movement.  There are very few icons or ways to help you spot enemies or differentiate from allies.  You will often find yourself waiting for your squad leader to let a nearby squad know which direction you are coming from to avoid friendly fire.  Incredibly immersive.*Audio -  I love the variation of sound in this game.  One minute you'll hear birds chirping and the constant chatter of your squadmates about who knows what, and then suddenly an RPG goes lands near your squad/force.  The cries for medics fill the air, bullets whiz and snap past you, and all of your teammates return fire and it is absolutely deafening.  It becomes difficult to hear individual voices as everyone yells out where they see contacts and the cries from hit soldiers.*Visuals - Definitely need some work, but Unreal Engine 4 definitely holds up with the early alpha animations.  The main issues I have with the game in this regard are the character models during the prone phase and overall character animation.  Static models that don't have very fluid motions.  Textures look great, performance is excellent considering optimization tweaks are still needed, and most 1st person animations are very well done.*Overall - I love this game.  It is exactly what I've envisioned for a squad based reality shooter since I first loaded up the battlefield 2 demo when I was just a kid.  I love being able to hear the voice chat of enemies nearby after we just started assaulting them.  I love knowing that my squad leaders have to be working together to accomplish anything.  I love that I cant just unload in an area and expect to kill anything unless i'm very close. Give this one a shot.  If you still don't like it within two hours you can always ask for a refund."
76561197970276417,Recommended,393380,20101245,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,[7-75th] Grizzly,"Play Arma 3 Engage targets like boss at 600 mettersGet Gift Card from Friend[] Buy Squad[] Spawn in[] Map smaller, much terrain, much foliage, open killing fields and alleys,[] Go into Village compound, fail to slice my Pie on le' Corner, get smoke checked by insurgent in corner[]Respawn, get yelled at by medic, were winning by only a few tickets left, should have held on[] Attempt to clear compound again, enemy outflanks and engages with RPG, I am next to wall, I die.[] Respawn as medic[] ♥♥♥♥ing Skull Drag an agonizing 25 meters to bleeding team mates while stoping every time an insurgent voice was heard (Solid Snake Status)[] Switch to le'single fire from Auto, smoke check three hostiles, 4th one goes behind wall, toss grenade. Kill enemy, half team bleeds out[] Went outside after match and had a cigarette while contemplating life, proceeded to give Dog 1000 yard stare.11/10  Would have hand tremmors again.Buy DisSeriously @_@Amazing SoundAmazing VisualsAmazing TeamworkAmazing Dev teamActive CommunityMost polished Alpha I have ever goddamn seen."
,Recommended,393380,20147244,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Hobotango,"Best game I ever played, even at this stage..... The teamplay is amazing and everyone speaks over the comms. The comms are very well made. The audio is absolutely amazing ! The graphics are nice and should run well on most computers.   Lots of fun. Even if you dont have any friend to play with, you are sure to make some in any given time while playing.Listen to what your squad leaders say, and you shall survive...longer."
76561198048734900,Recommended,393380,20339990,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,DuMMy,10/10 Would play again!
,Recommended,393380,20378740,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Madmax,"Finaly, a serious first person shooter for serious people who mean to do serious shooting."
76561198079484822,Recommended,393380,19761931,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Roll Safe,Good.
76561198048701431,Recommended,393380,19773864,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,[ZSUR] Moosen,"This is by far, what Arma 3 should have been. The community, the game, the engine is all how a military simulator should be. I have not joined a single game WITHOUT friends, that wasn't a well co ordinated game and all round fun for our squad and the rest of our team. The gameplay is captivating and the environments are incredibly immersive. The sounds are 10/10 from gravel crackling under your shoes to the sound of bullets flying past, narrowly missing your skull. Great game so far, has so much potential and the developers work extremly close with the community. Cant wait for vehicles to be implemented next month. :D"
,Recommended,393380,19774224,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Harp,Where am I getting shot from!?
76561197966842343,Recommended,393380,19789956,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Sweet Baby Jesus,"This game is crazy when it comes to atmosphere. It reminds me of helmet camera videos of US soldier in Afghanistan Ive seen on youtube. It makes you feel like you are a twenty year old un-educated low-class American that has to die for his government. The biggest factor for this insanely realistic enjoyment if from my view the community.The players are so far great, no trolls and pretty much everyone uses his microphone to coordinate. Some may get too excited and annoy you, but as usual theres always at least one ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.If you love tactical gameplay, this is the right thing.Not a too complex simulation , but very demanding when it comes to tactical team-play. This can also be frustrating at moments when you keep dying  a few times in a row without having a fakking clue whats going on. But from long-distance firefights that possibly last 15 min and where you barely see the enemy , to close-quarter combat, you can find everything. I would categorize ""Squad"" somewhere in between Battlefield and Arma.I At the current moment it missing a lot of content (compared to the mod Project Reality), but already offers you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of fun in a more  or less raw condition."
,Recommended,393380,19820204,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,UberGoose_PL,">Join one of many almost full servers (1-2 slots open if that)>Turn down settings as optimization isn't yet at maximum>Join a player made squad and pick a well balanced role>Find my squad on the map, join up with them and hold a radio tower>Provide fire support for other squad in town below our position>take heavy sniper fire>Build FOB on top of hill>Die multiple times>Kill enemy>Repeat and profit9/10Pros:-Awesome awesome community-Great servers-Teamwork is crucial-Good physics-Very replayable-Good varied maps with a lot of cover and vegetation-Cool implementation of building, and medic systemCons:-Yet to be optimized-No vehicles yet-There is a learning curve for those who aren't used to Milsim-Each games fun factor depends on your squad leader-Spawn killing is possible and occasionally happens on rally points and FOB's (I would add in a spawn restriction with enemies present within X meters)This is a very good game even in Alpha and is worth going along for the ride"
,Recommended,393380,19874696,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,oldmemes,this game's ♥♥♥♥ing awesome
,Recommended,393380,20059262,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Burrito Actual,"Squad is in Early Alpha stage, but as a early access title in itself it is extremely polished.I know many people are burnt on early access, but this is how it should be done.If you like Arma II or Arma III this is a game for you, I believe within the coming months this game will give Arma and BF a serious run for their money."
,Recommended,393380,20207994,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,MONSTA,"- I charged while crying out ""Allahu Akbar!""- I got shot down by multiple guys.- They came over to my body and kept shooting me and saying ""Amurica ♥♥♥♥er!""my review sucks but the game doesn't suck :D 11/10"
76561198072542397,Recommended,393380,20308181,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Bart Oates,"Shot someone, then someone shot me. This happened in one form or another for a while.10/10 Would get shot/shoot someone again."
,Recommended,393380,20415228,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,MRsid2201,"First Day-~Joined server~Met Medic~Medic asks me to follow~Follow him like a good boy~Encounters enemy, Medic gets killed~I'm left alone~Killed everyone I thought was an enemy~Accidently enters enemy base hoping I was safe finally~Entire enemy squad surrounds me and have fun with my dead body11/10Totally dig this game :) I love it :)  Recommended!PSI was actually breathing heavily when I got shot! Forgot to tell them I had asthma! :)"
76561197992349002,Recommended,393380,20491095,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,DarkElder,"First of all I would like to say I love this game!I have had some of the purest gameplay enjoyment with this title that I have had in a very long time.This is not Arma or Battlefield although it does lie somewhere in between. The controls are simpler than Arma but the shooting aspects rival Battlefield.The in-game sounds in this title truely something to behold, I believe that they are some of the best weapon sounds assets I have heard in any game I have played.The use of ""Squads"" in this game is great and alot of the fun comes from this gameplay; flanking an objective in squad 1 whilst squad 2 lays down supressing fire at the front door makes this feel special. The feel of the combat is great and make for some really intense battles, you never feel safe and I love it.From what I understand there has been a lot of stability improvement and I, myself have not experienced anything game break apart from very occasional lag but hey, it's early access.If you like intellegent, patient and very team focused combat then you could do alot worse then this.Thanks for taking the time to read this and I hope to see you in my squad soon."
76561198060522878,Recommended,393380,20498390,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,El Juan Le Taco,Extremely realistic. Ideal for players who love a challenge. Forces players to think strategically in a real battle situation. Witnsessed a man get his legs blown off.
,Recommended,393380,21051803,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,[ZSU] doubleDizz,"I bought this game after seeing some youtube videos on it; great decision. This game is pretty impressive for an Alpha! I found it completely playable.The communication between players is normally pretty great. It's easy to change squad leaders if necessary and doesn't take too long to understand everything. The learning curve on spotting enemy hiding in the environment may take a few hours (suggest Medic for newbies, stick close to your squad).I have an AMD GPU and I've read some AMD users reporting problems. Luckily I haven't encountered any yet, apart from a couple of times where fps stutters badly (same areas of a map too...)I've already found a very active group running their own servers who have helped show me the ropes.I think this game is going to be a massive hit."
76561198121188858,Recommended,393380,21061912,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Mojo Jojo,"Boss... amazingly fun game, love the graphics and sound."
76561197976763267,Recommended,393380,24363218,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Downloaded,"I bought this game today and played for 8 hours straight.  Granted, I am still in the honeymoon period, but as someone who loves the team-based aspects of the Battlefield franchise but doesn't enjoy with the way the series has taken to CoD-like gunplay in recent releases, this game strikes a really cool balance of simulation and arcade-style gameplay.  To capture objectives and outplay your opponents you MUST communicate and play well with your squad, and your squad leader MUST communicate well with the other squad leaders.The game makes communicating with your team very easy, while making all other aspects of gameplay fairly challenging by comparison.  As a result, If you want to have any hope of navigating the map, spotting the enemy, or pusing/defending objectives, talking to your team is the easiest way to achieve those goals.  So far the community has been very friendly and everyone takes team-play seriously while making sure to have a laugh along the way.  In the 8 hours I have played so far I went from being completely oblivious to the game's mechanics, to topping the scoreboard thanks to working well with my squad whom I got to know over the course of a few games.  The highlight involved defending a capture point against an enemy squad who had taken up positions in a distant compound.  As a medic, though my gun was crap, I had a great time laying down suppressive fire, healing team mates, and eventually guiding them through the compound from a hilltop with my binoculars to clear out the enemy and secure the win.  After years of CoD-inspired shooters, in my first day of owning Squad it has provided me with the most social, thrilling, and refreshing FPS experience I have played in a while.It is not without its faults: I have already experienced numerous bugs, and the performance is lackluster.  The devs have promised quite a lot that I am doubtful they will be able to deliver, even if the game is only in alpha right now, and I don't think it will end up as my *ideal* mix of arcade and sim.  That said, the core of the game is solid, I don't regret my purchase, and I am excited to see how the game develops.  As long as you're not a 12 year old CoD tryhard, I sincerely recommend it ;-)."
76561198247864048,Recommended,393380,26567997,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,CrimsonDolphins,"First time spawning in,>Spawn in>meet another soldier named penguin>our squad leaves us behind>we decide to walk to washington>we get ambushed in the mountains and hold off>we get to a base and secure it>me and penguin walk out to fight and as he goes first out i see him drop and towel heads yelling ALLAHU AKBAR>he isnt dead yet so he is screaming for help as i can not take it anymore>I rush out and decide to die with Penguin10/10 would cry again"
,Recommended,393380,23807830,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,ricefields,not recommended for low-med grade amd cpus and no apus but game is amazing
,Recommended,393380,22097586,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,SPUNJ,Mint Game
,Recommended,393380,22161117,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,InvictusTv,Played for the first time.Squad leader teaches me to play.Rock and roll get 5 kills first game.learn to become squad leader.Take fire from mountains and posted for about 15 minutes.Squad 3 comes and helps us take ammo depot and wreak anyone incomming.
76561198081440750,Recommended,393380,22241796,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Pvt. Taylor [42ndPA],Squad is one of the most relastic and best games I have ever played and I would highly reccomend it to anyone. With the vechiles update it is only going to get better :D
,Not Recommended,393380,19832951,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,memer yes,"half a year since I made my original review, still no vehicles or any new features to speak of"
,Recommended,393380,28605165,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Real_Pinochet,the reload animation should be sold for millions of dollars.
,Recommended,393380,26251975,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Bad Medic,"This is by far the most realistic FPS game you can get.  Also hands down the greatest.  You actually have to work together as a team and having a mic will help a lot.  If anyone doesn't like this game it is probably because they can't handle the fact that you can't just run, jump, 360 no-scope your way to victory.  You actually have to use strategies such as flanking the enemy and using smoke for cover.  You know, war stuff."
76561198079435567,Recommended,393380,29214228,Posted: 12 January,all,Darth Kylo,Just buy it no questions asked
76561197999946763,Recommended,393380,24125847,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Trenix,"6/19/2017: The game runs so much smoother than it once did and the graphics are beautiful. Best shooter available in my opinion. Not for everyone though, it's very realistic. Truly makes you feel like you're in a battlefield.The developers of this game are the same people who created project reality, which is possibly the best mod overall up to this date. Squad is their standalone version of project reality and it’s undoubtedly worth the price. This game is very realistic, making it the only shooting game which I’ve played which doesn’t bore me after a few hours. Strategy and teamwork are crucial and a microphone in my opinion, is a requirement. This is NOT typical your casual shooter and the game is still in early access. Those who are not recommending the game, are doing so because of those two reasons.I recommend squad, because the developers are reliable, have experience in game development, game is still being worked on with frequent updates, and squad is just overall enjoyable. This the only early access game which I didn’t regret purchasing."
,Recommended,393380,21695627,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,bambo masafaka,love it
76561198121390513,Recommended,393380,24489125,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,slayer08,need AMD support!! fuzzy game play and can't see anything
,Recommended,393380,27354481,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,One.Click.,"This game is great if you want a mil-sim, but not something as complex as Arma III. After the release of Version 8, the game began to come alive, and now it's an extremely fun game to play (w/ new vehicle variants and all)."
,Recommended,393380,26585427,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Ziggy,"Neatly captures everything great about Project Reality, especially the map diversity. It's lacking in content so far, but what is there is very good."
76561198076311287,Recommended,393380,33620097,Posted: 17 July,all,Tabor,> Purchases Squad> Finds match with outdated server browser> Joins Russians to fight the Jihadis> Squad chat is filled with memes and 12 year olds> Sneaks up behind enemy> Aim directly at his towel covered head> Fire one shot and walk away> Enemy gets up and shots my♥♥♥♥♥30 timesBullet proof towels.gg6/9
,Not Recommended,393380,24479671,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,tenpenny,"never updated on any consistent timeframe, constant crashing and poor optimization 7 months later with dropping player counts/ servers is USA. nothing to see here"
76561198260068846,Recommended,393380,20669897,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Dont be so Salty <3,I dam love this game!
76561198146622165,Recommended,393380,20670732,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,AG,Great game
,Recommended,393380,20692967,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Taco,"Had one of the most intense firefights ever!In the long run the game runs smooth, and is a whole lot of fun!Glad I purchased this!10/10"
,Recommended,393380,20831166,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,{TTsC}AlexHopeOk,love the realism
,Recommended,393380,22115457,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,EtoVito,"Ever since this last update, my fps has gone to♥♥♥♥♥♥ fun game but this really isnt helping me play. My comp is pretty beefy too."
76561198135680016,Recommended,393380,22894781,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,call me daddy,"This game has alot of potential!! Hopefully it dosent crumble.But so far its great, realistic  warefare and great close quater combat. Game look stunning."
,Recommended,393380,20651897,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Adi,"Very good tactical game, its just there is to much still to fix in this game, but i hope they will do, its still like beta version"
76561198074215673,Not Recommended,393380,25122463,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,atella,launcher error....... nice.... for 40 .....
76561198110291814,Recommended,393380,20530197,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Haru,Killed my whole squad 9/11 would blow them all up in towers again
76561198170039711,Recommended,393380,32280591,Posted: 8 June,all,Ian0311,its awesome
,Recommended,393380,32622939,Posted: 21 June,all,Frasca,THE IEDs ALONE IN THIS GAME ARE WORTH SEEING FOR THE MONEY!
,Recommended,393380,32687994,Posted: 23 June,all,Gezelius,Good game
,Recommended,393380,32789697,Posted: 25 June,all,PinoCcio -T,Good game. realism on top. 5 cats of 5 dogs
,Recommended,393380,32820404,Posted: 26 June,all,inValiD,it is what it says it is
76561198094507963,Recommended,393380,32670385,Posted: 23 June,all,SS-Ostubaf. Ryan,The best Milsim so far!
,Recommended,393380,32281815,Posted: 8 June,all,SlimySalesman,"Oh man, this game is intense. Lots of good physics, love the Mil-Sim Realism. Love the ability to join a squad and your members help you out with strats. One thing tho, the foliage from far away is great. Up close,♥♥♥♥♥♥looks like potatoes. 10/10 would prone, cant see♥♥♥♥♥♥through the grass, get headshotted from 200M away, and scream ""♥♥♥♥ING POTATOES."""
,Recommended,393380,33106460,Posted: 1 July,all,Schawang,The most realistic fps ever! Thats it.
76561198057991047,Recommended,393380,32905760,Posted: 27 June,all,M1 Garand,Never before has any game made me fear and hate RPG's at the same time as much as this one.
,Recommended,393380,32264719,Posted: 8 June,all,Jow,best real time combat game
,Recommended,393380,32563765,Posted: 19 June,all,Medic on COCAINE,Nothin is better than patching someones gun shot to the dome while doin some cocaine
76561198006112652,Recommended,393380,27048699,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,heyo,good game
,Recommended,393380,32207603,Posted: 5 June,all,Khan,mortars are spooky
,Recommended,393380,32825611,Posted: 26 June,all,Tiger,"This is actually my first large-scale review, so please bear with me.First, let's get right into what makes this game so incredible (in my opinion). Teamwork. I'm not just talking about chatting with some dude saying in the left part of the map there's a guy with a gun trying to shoot things. Full-scale teamwork plays a very crucial role in every feature of this game. Want to place down a rally point for your squad to spawn in? You have to be squad leader and have to have at least 1 other squad member standing right next to you to do so. Want to place down a Forward Operating Base (FOB) so you can build up some defenses and work on making everyones lives a little easier with some useful artillery fire or an ammo station, or maybe even vehicle repair if your APC's are taking a little too much fire in the field? You have to have at least 2 squad members standing with you. Remember those defenses and artillery and repair stations I just mentioned? While placing them is easily possible on your own, you actually can't build them on your own because doing so requires a Shovel. Want to know an item that Squad Leaders don't spawn with or obtain at any point? A Shovel. You have to rely on your squad and teammates to assist in everything you do as a squad leader, as well as mark down enemy positions as your teammates call them out to you. Communication in this game is everything. On most available servers, a message will appear saying that any squad leaders are REQUIRED to have microphones on that server to communicate with their squad and other squad leaders.Maybe you don't want the responsibility of leading an entire troop, but you don't want to join a squad. You just want to run around on your own and kill some stuff. Alright, you will provide virtually no actual benefit to your team, you will always have to spawn at the Main Base, which is in one of the far corners of the map, nowhere near any objectives. You won't be able to use vehicles, place down spawn points, or be anything other than a rifleman or a squad leader without a scope. You won't have a medic to heal you if you're down, so you'll be forced to hit that dreaded ""Give-Up"" button in the lower right hand corner of your screen. And you'll just be another ticket wasted amongst the ages. Now, if you truly believe that you can benefit your team in taking objectives, wiping out enemy mortars and HABs, and do all of this on foot with no ability to respawn anywhere near the enemies, then by all means, give it a shot, but you'll die in one hit by any bullet that hits you, given that you only have field bandages to stop the bleeding, but no actual medkit to heal yourself back up to full health, so your screen will be exceedingly darkened and you won't even see the enemy coming up to finish the job. Maybe you're thinking you'll just spawn in as a sniper or a medic or something. Nope. All roles other than traditional rifleman or traditional squad leader REQUIRE more squad members in your squad. Solo play is obsolete in this game.Now that I've gotten the main basis of the game out of the way, and hopefully deterred anyone that plans on joining this game and treating it like the unofficial new COD game, here's the part for the people still reading.Pros:-Absolutely endless replayability: No match will be the same, and no team will be the same. Even if you manage to find the same people as you did last time, chances are, most of the enemies left the match after you so valiantly stomped their faces into the dirt like the pathetic swines they were. So you're up against all new playstyles and teams that may just stomp you right back.-Incredible communication: In all my years as a gamer, I have NEVER encountered a game so centerred around communication. Even when somebody doesn't have a mic on your team, they still let you know via game-chat that they're listening and when they find enemies. A teammate calling out where they were shot from may just be the one thing that saves your entire squad from a wipe in this game, and it's intense.-Fast-paced-slow-paced combat: What I mean in this, is that even if your squad is the one that is pushing forward through the objectives, wiping enemies out, and so on, the match is still going to take almost an hour and a half to complete, simply because of the amount of objectives, as well as the large amount of tickets (points to victory/loss) within the game.-Tickets system: While some people don't acknowledge it, Tickets system in multiplayer combat games actually makes for a very interesting and interactive experience. While you may think one life isn't too bad of a sacrifice when your team is at 300 tickets, you can't see how many tickets the enemy has, so maybe they have 500 and that one ticket is one more closer to their victory.-Revival/Medics: A good medic can make the game incredible for the entire squad, simply because they avoid peeking around corners, they stick to the back of the group, and they heal/revive people when they're down. Once revived, the player is at low health until the medic heals them back to full, requiring the player to stand basically still so the medic can work without exposing them to enemy fire. You can wait almost an eternity for a medic to come grab you, which goes hand-in-hand with the whole tickets system. Instead of hitting the Give-up button, your team may just need you to sit there dead and wait for a medic to come get you back up.-Friendly Fire: Just like any good combat simulation game, there is active friendly fire on (I believe) all current servers. So you have to watch where you're sending your grenades or where you're shooting your rockets or where your team's mortars are landing.-Base building: This is the first time I've seen such a versatile base building setup in an FPS game. You can place an FOB and any fortifications in almost any position on the map, giving you the chance to place mortars as far away from combat as possible, or .50 cal HMG's as close to the front-lines as possible. However great this may seem, you actually have to work for it. Setting up a good base takes time, takes teamwork, and most of all, resources. Not resources like survival games, but just building resources. Logistics trucks are one of the vehicles that spawn with all the others, marked on the map distinctly, as well as marked in-game by the supplies in the back. In order to get supplies to your FOB to place down fortifications/artillery, you need resources that are delivered by this truck. Some maps are bigger and have multiple Logistics trucks that are smaller and give less resources, while others have a single Logistics truck that has to be shared amongst the entire team. Yes, I said shared amongst the entire team. One person has to dedicate their entire 1.5 hr game to driving a truck back and forth from the Main base to an FOB and back and forth and so on just so you can get your mortars/ammo crates/HAB set up properly. Ask any dedicated player, Logistics Runners are heroes.-Community: Definitely one of the better multiplayer communities in any FPS I've come across. I've only been cursed at and called names once or twice in this game, and it was just because someone was mad they didn't get the role they wanted and had to pick a different one. When you get a serious squad leader that is dedicated, it makes YOU dedicated. You want to listen to them and do what they say and be the one that helps make that squad the best on the team. When you get a relaxed squad leader that just wants to defend and take it easy, you sit there and throw smoke grenades at each other and use ammo boxes to refill them, and then spend 1.5 hrs just hanging out with a bunch of really cool people talking about life and talking about what's going on in the game.Cons: Slightly Buggy; Usual Toxic Players Occasionally; Time-Consuming; Sometimes Frustrating How Easy It Is To Die.Overall: 9.5/10 HIGHLY recommended for either price. $20 Sale; $40 Retail"
76561198000761185,Recommended,393380,32176733,Posted: 4 June,all,-MDG- Von Ugenburg,"While this is by far the best tactical first person shooter I have played in a long time, it is by no means for the average player. I say this because Squad demands a players focus and attention to detail. Being able to follow orders (or issue them as the case may be), relay intel, and just plain work together as a squad & as a team overall. The game CAN be fun but with so many people being toxic by forming their own squad just so they can be SL, or not communicate, give ineffective orders, ignore squadmates relaying possibly valuable intel, and then there are ppl who just lone wolf or attempt to ""Super F.O.B."" an entire match and end up losing their fortified position or not really contributing to the battle. Then there are the players who just become so toxic and grief or TK. Also, players who use chat instead of in-game VOIP. I mean, its really ineffective to have to pause or read on the go and split your attention on the game chat and maybe an intense firefight. VOIP is faster and easier to utilize than stopping to type up an enemy position or that an area is not clear just around the corner. Players who do not own mics should stay away from this game as it ruins the experience for those that do play the game the way it was meant to be played, by people who can work together, communicate effectively, and follow/issue orders."
,Recommended,393380,33038093,Posted: 30 June,all,razex,Dank Game
76561198136338106,Recommended,393380,33392692,Posted: 8 July,all,Camel poop,Fun Game.
,Recommended,393380,26603133,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,TheWarMachine15,IF THEY WILL MAKE THE DISTANCE BETWEEN FOB'S LESS THEN 400 METERS AND AROUND 200 METERS IT WILL BE PERFECT
,Not Recommended,393380,23479533,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Cortlinian!!,"Not a bad game, I recommend it in the aspect that I think it has good potential, and once it is finished it will more then likely be a solid competitor with other titles as a largescale warfare game. But as of now, the hitboxes are♥♥♥♥♥♥ and the anti-cheat isn't very strong."
,Recommended,393380,33057543,Posted: 30 June,all,fayezbey1,SO fun
,Recommended,393380,31713887,Posted: 12 May,all,Zunkey,"Squad is an intense military simulation, but like all games like this:It has its ups and downs. but that often depends on you.Often times I get into some crazy games and there will be sht flying everywhere,and other times, youll get in a game and it will drag on forever sitting on the same point.I recommend this game, but if you wanna get it watch some videos first, it takes a while to learn."
,Recommended,393380,27886232,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,The Based Pingu,"its a good buy if you want a tatical squad based shooter, have almost 100hrs ready for 100 more"
,Recommended,393380,32052430,Posted: 29 May,all,GandhiAndy,YEYEYEYEYYEYEYE
76561198002574667,Recommended,393380,32048148,Posted: 29 May,all,Mr. Sandpatch,Amazing game!
,Recommended,393380,28096212,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,X-RUSH.OwnZ-,This game gave me PTSD
76561198119578691,Recommended,393380,26549246,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Gingy,gewd
,Recommended,393380,20554617,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,toasted,"It's like ARMA and Insurgency mixed together. Bigger maps than Insurgency, tighter gunplay than ARMA"
,Not Recommended,393380,23759597,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Quero cafééééééééé (╯°□°）╯,"10 fps and freezing the screen eery 10s is not fun, you will die many times for 60fps players.It's the first time I do a negative review, I really wanted to have fun with this game, it was on my whishlist for 6 months.My setup:AMD 3.40Ghz Quad-core + Corsair Water coolerGeforce GT 630 2GB 64 bits4GB RAM DDR2Clean Windows 10 setup just for Steam Gaming ( No Windows Trash on this machine, besides the OS itself )It's sad that they don't refund you when you play more than 2 hours( after I spent 1h with lauching crash and another 3 hours playing the video settings menu )Even on the Ugliest Video Settings setup with the full minimum settings the game is horrible slow with 10 fps and freezes in every explosion near you.Sad purchase, I wish I could sell it."
,Recommended,393380,22477738,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Luke,>me and other 4 squad members are staying prone on a rock waiting for the enemy to engage>someone hears a metal thing hitting the rock>we all look at eachother as the Little russian kid screams:GRENA...9/11 would play again
,Recommended,393380,26905344,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Idle Stark,"I saw a guy screaming:""IM A SECRET SPY"", started mumbling the james bond theme, tk'ed 8 people and got banned.10/10"
,Recommended,393380,26549515,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,ClipNGo,Were now at V9. Game ever changing and getting better and better with few hiccups here and there. Absolutly still inm love with this game
,Recommended,393380,23162436,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Pooney,Game has awesome updates about once a month that bring in cool new things. Cant wait for this game to be fully complete.
76561197999494448,Recommended,393380,24522223,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Paratrooper82,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NWm8xINgTa4No matter how many times I play this, I wanna keep playing more. This game is by far the best tactical massive online shooter out on the market.I have played many games that involve teamplay, but this brings it to a whole new level. I have never seen fire teams and your entire team of 30 (now 40, so 80 max!!!) something players play together so well and accomplish objectives through working together.Simply put this game is awesome and I can't wait until they add helicopters and more vehicles!!! :D :D :D"
,Recommended,393380,23995984,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,YourFather,Good
,Recommended,393380,31049867,Posted: 9 April,all,mickeymousedid911,i hate my life
,Recommended,393380,32143458,Posted: 2 June,all,[DOINTS] idkfreddie,Cpl. Jeff Jeffson
,Recommended,393380,32138451,Posted: 2 June,all,RAGING ALCOHOLIC,This game is one of the best games i have ever brought the action the effects the hunger to play more is crazyTo cut to the point i am going to rate this game 10/10 because it is just awsomeright then im off to play morejust wish it was easy to make a server and it had 2 ranges where the main spawns are not so close to each otherbut this is game is AWSOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,393380,32153725,Posted: 3 June,all,Captain,this is good game
,Recommended,393380,32189086,Posted: 4 June,all,Jon Throw,buy it
,Recommended,393380,32374719,Posted: 12 June,all,US Gov'ment's Alternative Facts™,I like it.
,Recommended,393380,31606882,Posted: 7 May,all,fx,great game
76561198119604299,Recommended,393380,31299613,Posted: 22 April,all,NUT,This game will give you real PTSD7/5Would♥♥♥♥♥♥pants again
,Recommended,393380,31119726,Posted: 13 April,all,Jaffacake239 [20th AIB],10/10 Would get a game that causes PTSD again :D
,Recommended,393380,31291417,Posted: 22 April,all,Jey Equalizer,"love this game with the intense firefights,awsome realistic sounds, advance the team work, alot of shooting heads and a turtule neck in my pants,..if you want to feel this from a game buy this one 10/10"
,Recommended,393380,31120464,Posted: 13 April,all,Firehawk,"I was gonna write a long review, but then decided to just go play Squad and Have an amazing time.You should too!"
,Recommended,393380,31068137,Posted: 10 April,all,Dat Boi,"I would have to say this is one of the greatest FPS Game I have come across, Only thing I might request is maybe a Campaign thats not with a Sad story line, or a drama, a full-on realistic campaign, with real events and mission done by the US, Just take that as an idea, But anyhow, Greatest FPS Game out there right now."
,Recommended,393380,31077219,Posted: 11 April,all,[PAG] Sexy Sax Man,"Bloody amazing this game, but I would recommend having a headset because communication is really emphasised to work within your squad and no means of viable communication can hinder your experience."
76561198032141014,Recommended,393380,31077711,Posted: 11 April,all,Thank u Richard,Bought it at half the original price and really liked it. Can be lots of fun if you have never experienced a milsim before. Just make sure to get a proper rig before you get the game because  there are performance issues with the alpha version of the game and please dont forget a microphone
76561198337990819,Recommended,393380,31612334,Posted: 7 May,all,BlazingFire02,Great! HIGHLY RECOMENDED!
76561198039024136,Recommended,393380,32303745,Posted: 9 June,all,UrWeed,please for the love of all that is holy fix the crosshairs on the scopes it is berly visible cant tell where centerpoint is
,Recommended,393380,32375600,Posted: 12 June,all,✪ JosFletch,Best game
76561198078137360,Recommended,393380,32377491,Posted: 12 June,all,Quickdraw,"Havent played that much but its a amazing game. Its a little rough for the first few matches but everyone is super helpful and often if you need help with controls for example someone will help you out. Community is super great, and gameplay is even better.10/10 would charge into battle in a flaming humvee again"
76561198050643985,Recommended,393380,32072052,Posted: 30 May,all,Adrian Cronauer,"Spawn into Al Bashir (or Bashkar or whatever it is)Were the insurgents- dope. Hope into a dope technical with my main jihadi's AlNashir and Allahdam. Bump Saleel al Sawarim Skrillix remix as we ride into battle with the ied planted on the hood of the truck. Start speeding at a humvee, driver gets shot out with 4 of us left in the truck. Mulching this humvee now with the dshkm on the back. Scream abu hajiir  allah huakbar as we make impact and detonate.10/10, would jihad again"
,Recommended,393380,19796693,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,CrazyDeer,Like PR?If so its a No Brainer
,Recommended,393380,33635487,Posted: 18 July,all,Ryan tradeskinsfast.com,fun
,Recommended,393380,33635492,Posted: 18 July,all,TG.V1per,ghgg
76561198059683806,Recommended,393380,33638605,Posted: 18 July,all,El Panoon,If you want more immersion join the army! FAKK ya
76561198084995930,Recommended,393380,32683530,Posted: 23 June,all,Jack,A lot of fun but overpriced in current state. Baught it during a -50% sale which is much more reasonable for what's on offer.
,Recommended,393380,32711950,Posted: 23 June,all,Ghetto_Mustard,"This game is a solid, realistic, FPS. I extremely recommend."
76561198046804330,Recommended,393380,32712432,Posted: 23 June,all,Sentry,Friend: Clear back-blastMe: What?*Faints from heavy back-blast/recoil*10/10 game very real
76561198125269176,Recommended,393380,33433358,Posted: 10 July,all,BlackPanther,"polished gameplay, unlike another military simulator..."
,Not Recommended,393380,20699820,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,-=]ES[=-Heavy D [BOoOM],Use to love this game and gave it thumps up but now games gone down hill so much OTT with it all and to many buttons and not anjoyable like used to be so its from thumps up to thumps down and unstal from pc
,Recommended,393380,33444647,Posted: 10 July,all,NUKE,Best alpha on steam eveeeeeeer
,Recommended,393380,33446108,Posted: 10 July,all,[TAW] Deiimus,great game.
,Recommended,393380,32794420,Posted: 25 June,all,Mr. 0x1F4,"while it's early access , there is no particular  complain . so far i happy to play this game ."
,Recommended,393380,33855333,Posted: 28 July,all,Ziggy,Get to kill people with guns
76561198048407642,Recommended,393380,33895136,Posted: 29 July,all,De Salami SSG,"Love it!Interesting tactical military shooter that pulls you into the confines of squad based combat. If you love the arma games this is probably the next stage in it's evolution. 50 vs 50 full frontal military combat with objectives and whole loads of memes to be had.Follow your squad leader or die, position yourself correctly in a firefight or die, do your job in the squad whether you're a medic or a grenadier or die. This game only works on 100% teamwork and communication so cod kids aren't invited to the icecream party.You will be in the♥♥♥♥♥♥ the deep♥♥♥♥♥♥where the only people you can rely on are your buddies on your left and right.Cons?Rust is more optimized than this game and that breaks my heart to say that's cause RUST IS AN ABOMINATION. Once this game is optimized fully Squad has the potential to make it's genre mainstream."
,Recommended,393380,33879889,Posted: 29 July,all,littlefish,"A great game with lots of realism, teamwork, players who actually know what they are doing and without many kids or pay to win ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
76561198055459832,Recommended,393380,32140834,Posted: 2 June,all,Alec-I,"Amazing game, must buy!"
,Recommended,393380,20570688,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Laboring Connor,really fun
76561198218880484,Recommended,393380,33975288,Posted: 2 August,all,VillainSong1995,Well....I uninstall my battlefield 1 after spending one hour in this (having a lot of fun in the game regardless of my poor KDA and the annoying ping)
,Recommended,393380,32850926,Posted: 27 June,all,Mr.bunny slippers,>get drafted into army>hell yes.jpg>be excited as you are now alpha asf>train and get buff as a bulldozer>train some more>shooting goes wel>be grunt>♥♥♥♥ but hell yes army>try to bribe people to get higher rank>♥♥♥♥ yeah.img>worked>squad leader now>be deployed into some desert with goat ♥♥♥♥ers>meet squad>set up a rally point near objective>die>♥♥♥♥me.gif>we need a FOB>setup FOB>squad working good together>get shot at with rpg's>get ptsd but ♥♥♥♥ man your alpha>shoot some goat ♥♥♥♥ers and win the match>watch spacingstruly a great game
,Not Recommended,393380,19718510,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Corrosion,"List of things I think of when I hear ""Squad"".Good tactical, realistic gameplay.Not worth $40 though. Maybe $15.If you don't work together, you'll lose badly.If you don't communicate, you'll have a bad time.If your team doesn't know how to play, consider quitting before getting into it.When you have a good team, anything is possible. Without one, nothing is.Some really faggy exploits too!Some really annoying gameplay limitations and restrictions.Trolls.Hackers?Definitely teamkillers.People who will scream in the mic just to hear themselves.People who will scream at you for no reason because you don't do exactly what they say even if you're not in the same squad.Upon writing this review, I actually changed my mind from recommending to not recommending. You get maybe 1 good game out of 5. Very frustrating."
,Recommended,393380,20814901,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,BakedGoodZ,When you get great teamwork and great leadership this is for sure a really great game. Its still Alpha and its only going to get better from here I have high hopes of.
,Recommended,393380,20787347,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,neon,Spent a good hour running around not knowing what to do.Accidentally spawn at base camp and have to run across the map to my squad.Finally catch up to my squad just to be interrupted by an incoming granade.The whole squad dies.Game suddenly ends and we win.12/10
,Recommended,393380,20786870,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Not D.Ace,Its a good game very Realistic and team play Based i would recommend it
,Recommended,393380,34150515,Posted: 10 August,all,Katphish,"This is a really good game but It would be really nice if the developers added so kind of cosmetic clothing and gear system, that would be nice!"
76561197984769585,Recommended,393380,33936872,Posted: 31 July,all,thesightless,unreal war sim
76561198062926860,Recommended,393380,32605222,Posted: 20 June,all,ImpactFs,MORTARS INCOMING!!!!
,Recommended,393380,34147315,Posted: 10 August,all,epsilonion,"Squad - what can I say about it honestly?The game has come a long way and is enjoyable for people that like to be part of a team and follow a command structure.People lone wolfing dont last long and can loose the game early on.Medics hang back to do there role correctly and gain there squad a much better chance of accomplishing there goal and lasting longer in the field.Follow your leader commands and you will have a productive, enjoyable game.A mic is a must, theres no use joing a game without one as you will need to call bearings on enemy combatants and to call for a medic.Leaders must communicate with other squads and produce a plan of action early on in the game.Leaders must also place rally points (respawn points) regular to keep there squad in the fight.The game in general is a great concept that has grown and developed a lot in the past months and continues to only get better.The bad points of the game comes down to the players, some do not follow orders or have a mic that just kills the game for others.the game is well worth the price."
,Recommended,393380,33985390,Posted: 2 August,all,Mitsuki,game is superb.
,Not Recommended,393380,31018706,Posted: 8 April,all,PcGamer,-Its a Awesome Game 8/10-But-STUF I HATE-This Game is a run simulator-No Recent Serverlist....-LONG SPAWN TIME-LONG RUNNING TIME & WAY-NO FAVORITE SERVER LIST-TEAMKILLERS....-Bugs
,Recommended,393380,34769397,Posted: 5 September,all,Nizatron,"An interesting spin on the realistic shooter. It has less depth than full-blown military simulators like ARMA, but a much bigger and more realistic scope when held against the likes of CoD or CS. The maps are large, and your success depends on your co-ordination with your squadmates. Using a microphone and listning to your (hopefully competent) squad lead is important.It's not an easy game to jump into, and requires a decent PC to run well, but if you can get into Squad, it's a fantastic shooter."
,Recommended,393380,35111531,Posted: 21 September,all,Timdeplatvis111,Gud game
76561198282815672,Recommended,393380,35162418,Posted: 23 September,all,Shaverniner,I can't download the anti cheat / plugin  can someone help me becasue it wont let me play without it
76561198159977254,Recommended,393380,31087592,Posted: 11 April,all,SPC-Hotski,Being prior Army Infantry and a avid gamer Squad is amazing. I cannot wait until the finished game. The weapons and firefights in the game are as real as you're going to get without being killed. When the shooting starts it is awesome.
,Not Recommended,393380,34871922,Posted: 10 September,all,Kauer Gaming,"Very hard to find a server, especially if you have map preferences.If the squads are full, you essentially cannot play the game.Playing the game is reliant on competent squad leaders and members, which is often not available.Fairly unrealistic stamina as any trained marine can run more than 100m with gear.Overall, fun but way to reliant on competent people for it to be fun."
76561193690013207,Not Recommended,393380,21438707,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Holret,"I got some time with the game so heres my review as of version 4.2 alpha.>Make list of postive remarks without any coherent sense to why its a good game.>make it sound interesting.>pretend to come on top by elaborating a supposedly funny or amazing moment.>Make it sound as if its that freaking good, the Hype is true!>End the list by actually saying something that could be perceived as a review.>It's a very well done game, that even at this stage has surpassed Arma in (almost) every way.>wait until the price drops though, 40$ is too f*cking much for this.>needs optimization very badly!!!> lots of promises few executed and even fewer executed properly.Theres my ""review"" I hope I made you change your mind now that I created a list that without questioning the authenticity of the quality of the game, validates its exceptional craftmanship."
76561198135655464,Recommended,393380,32781068,Posted: 25 June,all,gobarn,ARMA 4.
,Recommended,393380,34988723,Posted: 15 September,all,Trolo,"Joined a squad, got made squad leader, everyone in the squad proceeded to call me dad. Two of our squad members started playing harmonicas, we were the most effective squad in the game despite dying the most, and our team won. 11/10 game would recommend."
,Recommended,393380,34514846,Posted: 26 August,all,ATF_LunarStrain,Game is Awesome
76561198025789308,Recommended,393380,27079918,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,VILLE_K™,.
,Recommended,393380,32411108,Posted: 14 June,all,LYON -1337-,"So this is a super hardcore milsim type of game. It's not for everybody, because teamplay is key and if you are a♥♥♥♥♥♥you won't be able to do anything in this game"
,Recommended,393380,34615688,Posted: 30 August,all,BaaanG_BaaanG🔫☠,🤘🏼🤘🏼🤘🏼🤘🏼🤘🏼🤘🏼🤘🏼🤘🏼🤘🏼🤘🏼🤘🏼
,Recommended,393380,28128701,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,GUGU,"Muito bom, pra quem joga de um jogos de tiros com uma cara mais de simulador recomendo demais.Apesar de que na presente data que escrevo este review, ele ainda estar em alpha, já é um jogo muito divertido e bem feito.Jogue com amigos."
,Recommended,393380,34154923,Posted: 10 August,all,Icon of Sin,"This game reminds me of ARMA. It is complicated if you want it to be, realistic while not beating you over the head and quite pretty.For an early access game it's polished although lacking certain features such as vaulting over walls. What actually is in game  - with a few exceptions - is extremely well deailed and polished. From the interiors of vehicles to the details of the kits, everything really looks good.As with an ARMA style game, you're looking at a hard time if you don't at least join a coherent squad. With a good team, good communication and a good leader the game really shines. Without that, it's harder to enjoy.What gets me the most about this game is the sounds, from bullets whizzing by and the artificial squak and interference on in-game comms to the glorious explosions... the immersion is unreal (haha). Chattering with a good team, hearing comms over mics and then in actual voice as you get closer to the person speaking, the ability to talk locally to soldiers in your vicinity is just a nice touch.If you have a need for a great combat game with a solid, although slow, dev process, good visuals and sweet sound design bringing to life a realistic gritty and chaotic battlefield, get it and you won't look back."
,Recommended,393380,34199321,Posted: 12 August,all,[OMBDr]Slaktarn från LidL,Love this game!!
76561198190957043,Recommended,393380,21579346,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,SpinFire,"Great game, although it needs more classes and factions, etc. Also Menu/ loading Performance & Gameplay performance needs to be worked on, it takes to long to load game and get in a server, Also would love to see a singleplayer mode or campaign!"
76561198138490590,Recommended,393380,34680975,Posted: 2 September,all,bungus blart,like it but it is pretty unstable
,Recommended,393380,34682993,Posted: 2 September,all,Sir Turdy,cool game
,Recommended,393380,31010391,Posted: 7 April,all,⎛⎝ metaL ⎠⎞,"Great game with lots of teamwork and communication. Perfect for the casual ARMA player.The developers communicate extremely well through their blog. There's a lot of great things on the way.--- NOTICE ---If you have difficulty spotting enemies because of jagged edges, either disable anti-aliasing altogether and increase render scale to 1.25x or use TXAA with your configuration for a better visual experience. FXAA does not seem to work at all from what I can see, and edges without anti-aliasing or increased render scale are physically painful to look at. This alone kept me from enjoying the game in the beginning."
76561198033269454,Not Recommended,393380,28241868,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Nimrod_Sch,i dont know what did they do but a month ago this gmae was amazing but now it crushs all the time it donsent get into servers and it crushed my steam fix it
,Recommended,393380,23205997,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Okami,"OLD:Broken, great idea but just starit broken unless you have a beefy rig, and god forbid anyone talks on the radio your fps drops to 2 wile using an AMD processor, there is no one on US servers and the US servers have a higher ping than the UK servers????? Right now it not worth the buy.UPDATE: Since building my new rig on an Intell i7 Skylake and GTX1070 the game runs great, only downside is♥♥♥♥♥♥teams at time."
,Recommended,393380,28143811,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Rekoil_,"This game is truly amazing, very realistic and very well playable even though it being early alpha. Can't wait until helicopters and jets are implemented!>join server with middle eastern map>join taliban insurgency>join squad>spawn>woke up in 35 people shouting allahu akbar>americans firing constant mortar fire>I hear people shouting arabic and english through eachother>Squad leader suddenly shouts to me 'WE NEED TO ♥♥♥♥ING GO NOW!'>gotten into a vehicle>allahu akbar'ed it into an american position killing 2 entire squads10/10 would join taliban again"
,Recommended,393380,20906566,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Polaris,"Teammate from another squad pulled the pin on a grenade, I panicked and screamed ""GRANADE!""Both the squads hiding behind a small hill from enemy fire scattered into enemy fire.It was 5 seconds of pure mayhem until the first teammate called out it was his grenade.11/10 would get 3 teammates shot again."
76561197970767011,Recommended,393380,20902561,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,K4Ge,tacticool approval!
,Recommended,393380,26592286,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Nak,goodgame!
76561198007475885,Recommended,393380,26546919,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,itchy01ca01,"Im convinced. It takes a little while to get used to the controls and the graphics aren't.. AAA. The game itself is excellent and the realism is intense. It's like a mesh of ARMA and BF. ARMA had the huge maps and complicated controls while BF has the huge populations of people. The community is very supportive of new players, at least on the servers I've played on. Give it a try this weekend."
76561198013918139,Recommended,393380,27073484,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,UnquietEmu,This is the shooter that I have been waiting for.
76561198022041204,Recommended,393380,35211676,Posted: 25 September,all,Montez.G,Was told to take the Hill OP with my Sqaud and Squad 4. I cried the whole way up. I was the only survivor. 10/10 will go up that hill again.
,Recommended,393380,26471562,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,[SOCA] Soda_AU,"If you like standing around, talking, and shooting things with rockets and blowing stuff up with RPG's this is your game.11/10 would dirka again"
,Recommended,393380,26496331,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Disaeffection,"THE MOST REALISTIC FPS GAME I'VE EVER PLAYED. Furthermore, the squad team are active and always updating game workin on optimizations new weapons. I recommend this game so badly."
,Recommended,393380,26570212,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,i3loody_Moon,"Heavy co-operation to a successful gameplay experience.That being said this game is fantastic for a very large map, squad building capabilitys for field base's.Vehicle are highly limited and do not die easily without the right classThis game being in alpha is a great game, and deffinitly going in a direction that will separate it's self from the average shooter.Plenty of communication  required and happening ingame.Overall Alpha score:  7/10   ( AMD  performance suffers lower yet extremely smooth and stable FPS, otherwise solid 8/10 )"
,Recommended,393380,26570380,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Bolbi,"Basically a mix between Arma and Battlefield, this game is really good, and to my surprise optimized extremely well.10/10 would buy again."
76561197978498205,Recommended,393380,26575992,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Mr. Boots,"Squad is a very fascinating game that puts you into a war zone. Negative reviews on this game are mostly personal issues with the game, such as crashing, lagging, etc... I have not had problems with it, and thus I can actually recommend or not recommend the game. Squad is a very fun, intense, gripping game that you will get lost in for hours. You will get close to your squad, you will rely on each other, and you will either succeed or be defeated. No matter the outcome, Squad is just a joy to play. So far the game offers a lot of promise, and you will spend hours upon hours enjoying it's gorgeous maps, fun weapons, realistic feeling, and overall detail.My first several hours in this game were as follows: I joined a game, joined a squad, and immediately I was shown how to play the game by players, informed about options and interesting mechanics of the game by squad leaders, and I felt like I was part of a very fun online family. Joining a squad feels so powerful, you feel as though you have been given some great people to enjoy the game with.I highly recommend this title, if your computer has trouble with the game please refund it and not waste time reviewing a game that you can't even play. If you can not play the game, simply wait until you are able to and THEN review it."
76561198098651920,Recommended,393380,26576520,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,ShortNeckedGiraffe,"After playing this game during the free weekend for the first time I can say Squad is one of my favourate FPS. When I first started the game up I was expecting people to call me a noob and not help me since I came newly from the free weekend but I recieved people helping me out and teaching me the game. Unlike other FPS communities squad has a fantastic community and everyone works together in a team and respects each other whilst also having fun and messing about.The game offers a realistic depiction of combat with a very little hud,realistic recoil and most of the time 1 bullet killing you with the odd exception. Medics can revive fallen teamates with bandages and medic bags. Teamwork is essential in order to win a game and luckily with the fantastic community teamwork within your squad is very common and usually with good squad leaders leading your Squad to victory. If you play games and prefer to not work with your team and be a lone wolf well then Squad is not meant for you.If you enjoy games like Red Orchestra 2, Insurgency, Arma and Project Reality you will be sure to like Squad"
76561198041604754,Recommended,393380,26580828,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,matt,"A really fantastic experience- the free weekend filled the servers with people without microphones, which might be the reason for some of the more recent negative reviews as if you try to go off on your own and don't work as a group, it is less than half as fun.When you're with a squad that's all following instructions and working to the objective, it's unlike anything I've ever played before."
76561198126548422,Recommended,393380,26589860,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,THE SVT,"lOVE IT, Super realistic, Keeps (cod's) away!"
,Recommended,393380,26590632,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,FUN POLICE,"This is a very enjoyable game, where you need to lisen and work with other people on the game to be able to get somewhere."
76561197999005301,Recommended,393380,26591459,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Spud,"Squad is a large scale tactical shooter that can be either the most frustrating thing in the world or one of the best experiences in the genre. Your enjoyment of each match will be determined by those around you. You cannot act alone; you need the support of a squad to make any meaningful impact on the battlefield. The most integral piece of each squad is the Squad Leader, who must act in accordance with that role. They must take command, co-ordinate with other squads set up rally points and work on a plan of attack. When this member is doing their job right, everything else falls in place.When this works it works really ♥♥♥♥ing well. Firefights are chaotic and confusing. The well done visual effects and immersive sound design compliment this greatly. There is no indicator that you hit what you or shooting at, no kill feed to check. You will have to visually confirm every kill you make. The game is brutal satisfying and frantic, with luls in the action that serve to build up suspense for the next bout of action.The newly added vehicles do much to the pacing of the game. They provide mobile firepower, fast infil and exfil from combat zones and all in all add to the quality of life for your soldiers. They are a limited resource for your team however and must be protected. By far the most important vehicle in the game is also the least glamorous. The humble Logistics Truck.  This 8x8 serves as your teams source of construction points and ammunition for your FOBs (Player built spawn points and defensive fortifications) Without this truck driving between your fortifications ammo will eventually run dry, and destroyed cover won't be able to be rebuilt. Destroying an enemy Logistics Truck is a massive blow to the hostile team.Using voice communications is essential, and if you don't have a microphone your enjoyment and engagement in this game is greatly reduced. The build in VoIP is ex0cellent, and utilizes radio SFX and deliberate distortion when communicating over distance for extra realism.Performance was a massive issue in earlier builds, but in its current (and liable to change) state it runs very smooth. I personally have an i7 6700k and a GTX 1080 SC and I average around 85FPS with my lowest drop being 55FPS and my highest peak being about 124FPSIn closing this game is definately not for everyone, but if you want a damn good milsim game with great teamwork and an awesome playerbase that is easier to get into than ARMA, this is your game.  Just be ready to switch squads when you get an inevitable bad one.Overall 8.9/10"
,Recommended,393380,26592342,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Sour Shoes,which pixel is the enemy simulator 201610/10 ign9.5/10 gamespot9/11 would bleed out again
,Recommended,393380,26592860,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,nEbula(csgokingdom),"A Great game, But, How do I equip Skins?"
,Recommended,393380,26593088,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,hexen,Gr8 game m8
,Recommended,393380,26596869,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,bucky,"Great military sim game in the making. If you liked BF2 Project Reality Mod then you will like this. If you havent played the Project Reality Mod then download it. It is free and totally worth it. Very fun tactica,l squad based military sim, first person shooter.Squad is made by guys who put a lot of time into PR so when it is complete it will be worth the buy."
,Recommended,393380,26597023,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Dabelgianwaffle,I love this game. I have literally played for hours on end and i have not gotten bored
76561198243588146,Recommended,393380,26611064,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Это.Просто.Нечто.,gud
,Recommended,393380,26611233,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,100% Hindi-Aryan-Warrior,"Amazing game Thank god the Free weekend is over it was filled with Trolls. But overall the best FPS I Have played. They need to cut down on the Foliage though,"
,Recommended,393380,26612012,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Spagoot,"Great game. Encourages lots of communication and teamwork, meaning that every single person has a job to do. It flows quite well and there's nothing better than a full squad functioning perfectly. If you enjoy the combat gameplay that Insurgency has to offer, and the communication, teamwork, and roll variety of Arma, this game is the perfect combination."
,Recommended,393380,26612584,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,RennZen,"Intense. Firefights can reach DayZ levels of intensity. I like it, but it's not for everyone and can be very frustrating. Some cons include: on foot travel distance gets old, graphics aren't the best and it can be hard to see enemies, you can get the occasional squad lead that takes his squad lead role as license to live out his pathetic god complex. Also, the gunplay is so good that I miss more traditional game modes like TDM & Domination -- modes where I don't have to potentially run for 5 mins to get into the action.."
76561198081724805,Recommended,393380,26613916,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,[FR]Korosif,"I'm from Project Reality, and I must say I'm not disapointed by my purchase !Squad is still in Alpha and has not the content and features of the standalone mod for BF2, but has enough content to make happy every owner by his tactical infantry fight oriented action ! (That's why map are quite small for now...)We have transport and supply truck, armed jeeps and Hummves (even a BTR !) and the devs are trying to take some risk by implementing new features :-FOB with building creation for SL-Only SLs can claim a vehicle (GOOD POINT)-Respawn availlable only on Rally Points and FOB or Main BasesI must add good weapons mechanics, good graphics and FPS (I got a GTX 1060, so I can't say for everyone...)...I'm so excited for future features ! Good job devs !PS: WE MISS THE COMMANDER SLOT AND THE WEAPONS OPTICS !!!!"
76561198013381507,Recommended,393380,26622714,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,[RIP]Megox92,"This game is a gem, absolutly great. It is my favorite FPS  now. Tactical, fun and with an amazing community. Little side notes, when you read the review try to check the hours played by the reviewer. A lot of people tried the game for free for like 1 hr and decided to bash it."
76561198074519755,Recommended,393380,26625143,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Scriptacity,"It's a great game, teamwork is awesome"
,Recommended,393380,26626077,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,DestrucSean,"Great balance between simulation and arcade style... You learn to value your life and role in the game much more so than in COD and BF, but nowhere near as crazy as Arma's simulation level.  Definitely recommend this to the hardcore audience that has been deprived.  It feels like a blend of Battlefield, Ghost Recon (old school 90's ones), and Arma."
,Recommended,393380,26626276,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Ledo,"From the Devs that brought you the award winning BattleField2 Mod: Project Reality, They bring you Squad the predecessor to Project Reality.Like and early accese, Its an early build of the game, we're going to have Issues and crashes and bugs, but the best part about it, its that the devs actually know whats wrong. They are aware of the Issues, they actually listen. Extremly active on both theforums.joinsquad.comand /r/JoinSquad.I can't say enough for this group of developers, They arnt the typical bunch of lemming Devs that make fake promises and then fail to Implement them. They have put thier hearts and soul Into this game. They really won't dissapoint you.Even if this game dosen't run well with AMD processors or has some bad optimization, you should still buy the game and wait for them to patch these things up. They need all the help they can get If we want to see Squad live up to Project Reality.If you don't want to throw $40 so hastly you can always watch some gameplay or some streams, better yet play some Project Reality, Its entierly free now, no need for the base BF2, Install and play and get a feel of what Squad will become and what the Devs want it to become."
76561198169893267,Recommended,393380,26627991,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,HanzVikusVonGelhart,plenty of fun x3
76561198007245793,Recommended,393380,26631586,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Void,Awesome!
,Recommended,393380,26644069,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Nepos,"Squad is a game that has a steep learning curve. At first you get in and you feel it is a respanw simulator and a walking simulator. However there are 3 key that you need to be aware of and How to use them.V,B, and GYou use these keys to talk to your team. V is local arae chat that all near you can hear. B is squad chat and G is squad leader chat. The very first thing you need to do when you start is tell your team your are new. a good team will help you. This is what make the game great. Sure it is a tough shooter and confusiion abounds. You will make the prefect decision as well as the most stupidest blunder in the same game. Medic are very important, Squad leaders are very important. hell everyone has a role.So when you start understand it may take a bit to figure it out just focus on one thing at a time. do not expect this to be COD or Battlefield or even ARMA. It is not those at all. Even when I am on the losing team the battles have always been hard fought. Learn to communicate properly will help you get along fine. Sure you will get the jerk player and even squad. but overall I have let people know I am new and they helped me know what to do..Also learn how to throw smoke and grenades. it is all about angle and weather you throw (left click) or toss (right click).Would I recomend this game.. Hell yes it is fun, frustrating at time and I have had some of the funniest moments of my week  playing this,. Like the accidental my grenade did not make it over the wall now most of my squad is dead moment., I was the surviving medic who had to get everyone up as I did the enemy grenad came in and finished us off. ahhh memories!"
76561198337557598,Recommended,393380,26653551,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,MadDowgMattis,"this game is awesome, lkahsdbcfoasihdbfk;zjgvoiaslbcdj"
76561198045164841,Recommended,393380,26725425,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Sir Nuno,"TL;DR- Buy the game if you're into the idea of really hardcore squad shooter with tons of cooperation. The game is 90% waiting and planning, 10% firefights, but oh boy, are they worth it. If you don't have a microphone or are interested in any kind of cooperation and team work then this is not the game for you. If you want to have a look at what a regular firefight and coordenating squad looks like, you can watch the video below.THE LONG REVIEW: SQUAD is a tactical, Squad level based shooter that focus on intense preparation, comunication,  coordenation between a team of about 35 members to capture and hold strategic points around the map until the enemy (or yours) tickets run out. Each team is divided by Squads that can be formed to up 9 players, each one taking an essential role as a Squad Leader, Medic, Rifleman, Grenadier, RPG, Scout and Sharpshooter (roles depend on a faction basis). You have 4 factions at the moment: The USA Army, The Russian Army, The Insurgents and the Militia. The gameplay is assimetric as each Faction has different weapons, roles and vehicles.COMMUNICATION: Squad Leaders talk between each other and coordinate attacks and defenses around the map, and it's up to the Squad Leader to relay that information to each member of the squad that's under their command. The fact that the maps are REALLY large make this coordination and comunication essential for the pacing of the game and to achieve sucess in the battlefield. All the games create a sense of MILITARY NARRATIVE, as the games basis itself in high-stakes/high-rewards situations, as if you take a vehicle with you and lose it in battle, you take a huge penalty in Tickets. If you die, you frequently respawn really far from the action, so you tend to aproach objectives with a carefull, tactical thinking, dying is never an option as you only punish yourself and your team mates. The whole game seemed to be designed around to create a systematically state of tension and awareness that makes all the action much more rewarding.COORDINATING with your squad members or members of other squads as you try to assault a heavily fortified village and you manage to achieve against overwhelming odds is something you look back foundly with delight, as it really feels like an achievement of teamwork, rather then of individual skill, and i'm pretty sure that's what the game devs were looking for here.The GUNPLAY feels pretty solid, but nothing to write home about, as I assume that it is trying to emulate a real gun, but since I have never fired one in my life, I would not know how accurate they represent the feeling of doing so. But what I can say is that most engagements with the enemy happen as you would suppose they do in real life, in medium to long range distances, where you spray and pray in the general direction of where you think enemy fire is coming from. Panic is soon to follow as squads lacking any kind of organized defense or attacking plans tend to run amok, not knowing where the enemy is coming from or what to do. One thing I can say for certain is that every firefight, every small skirmish, every big attack feel memorable and intense. As someone who plays mostly Squad Leader and spends more time using my binoculars than my gun I can assure you that commanding a fire team is as exciting as being the one pulling the trigger. Even being a medic, running around the battlefield healing friends, feels as good as being the one lobbing a grenade into an enemy building. The game excells in making all the classes feel usefull and fun to play (Snipers are not OP! And they are REALLY hard to use). All this is helped by the fact that the game contains a wide array of different and fun to use weapons.SOUND: Oh man, this is where the game trully shines, if you play this game with some expensive headphones you will LOVE the sound in this game. Every bullet fired, every rocket that hitted, every gun loading around you, even the voices of your fallen team mates calling for help sound amazing in this game. It's definately one of it's flexing points, really awesome sound design, can't wait to see more.GRAPHICS: This is where the game fails to impress, even if understandably so, as the maps are huge and you have a lot to render. Still, the textures in pretty much anything lack any real quality to it, and the game looks somewhat generic and that's a shame. What really bugs me is that some maps look really better than other, and as a personal opinion I would say that forest maps tend to give the game a really boring and unimpressing look. Which is clearly a shame but this is still a work in progress but hopefully they will improve it, as this game utters potential all around.Final thoughts: I must say that I really love this game, and it's a must buy if you love tactical and somewhat realistic shooters, the firefights are memorable, the community is amazing, the developers clearly work hard to make this a really interesting and unique game. At this point in early access the game pretty much feels like a finished game and I can't wait to see it finished. I really, really love the game."
76561198133070684,Recommended,393380,26738281,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Morbin,"Only 36 hours in and its a very good game. Its realistic and intense. Would recommend, solid thumbs up. This is a teamwork based game not your tradition shoot up, rogue wanna be lonewolf kind of game play.  If you go solo you will die real quick. Stick with your squad and listen to the squad leaders directions and rember its team based."
76561198007295160,Recommended,393380,27104475,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Skippy,10/10 can't wait for more updates!
76561198345059338,Recommended,393380,27123986,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,mo,great game and so realistic
76561198027873279,Recommended,393380,27144083,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Toto,Makes teamplay and strategy work well together.
76561197994199828,Recommended,393380,27729133,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,XanderDal[Nor],Still the best military FPS game!
76561198112359169,Recommended,393380,27736446,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Troompa loompa,"This game runs really smooth on my laptop not like 30fps im talking 70fps,but anyway the game is really good i mean im still figuring out the controlls but from what i have played so far it. Its worth the money"
,Recommended,393380,27741539,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,bubble_cat,Helmet cams
76561198096831617,Recommended,393380,27742004,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Jerm,Puts battlefield and Arma together making the arcade shooter look small but makes Arma big. It breaks the gap between the two. Very fun game
,Recommended,393380,27742873,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Daddy,FUN FUN FUN.If you played ARMA/DayZ/BF.This might be for you.Mature players and amazing sound effects for £14! :D
76561197987149875,Recommended,393380,27755447,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Elemeno.,its getting better...STILL NOT THE MOST ENJOYABLE GAME BUT ITS GOOD
76561198067252046,Recommended,393380,27759077,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Jack,Have you ever wanted to join a milita group of insurgents before? Well now you can!
,Recommended,393380,27804870,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,VitaL,"If you enjoy Arma 3 and want a shooter game that has in depth teamwork, communication and realism, this game is a must have! Step away from your console ports and try a real PC game out. For people that play typical AAA shooters, this game does have a bit of a learning curve, but give yourself some time to feel it out."
,Recommended,393380,27808694,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,valorous,"It's pretty cool. Real fun and immersive, Teamwork is a necessity. Runs pretty poorly, Hopefully soon they will implement dx12 which might improve performance, Guns are meh. Overall good game for those looking for something tactical and perhaps play other tactical games such as ARMA, I don't think the game is worth the price though, I'd only get it on sale.solid 8/10"
,Recommended,393380,27847454,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Jey The Graine,PTSD Simulator 2016
,Recommended,393380,27869352,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,painfulblitz88,Really reallistic and solid gameplay. Looking forward to what's next.
76561198003752157,Recommended,393380,27872078,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Poptartboy,"Great game, great community."
,Recommended,393380,27877511,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,freakonaleash,"*Fire in the hole!**Grandma was slow, but she was old!**There is no I in team**That's maybe your way, but that's not the Army's way!*You may remember...Today is SQUAD.Team up, choose your gear and buckle up!Squad is a solid team-oriented shooter which is still under development (Alpha).They will need time to polish it, but it is really worth to play it right away.The better your squad is the better gameplay you'll get.It's all about teamplay not playing as a wanna beeeeeeeeeee *fizzle* *fizzle*The also integrated voice over ip support for talking to your squad or the other squad's team leader (while you are your own squad leader) is also an well implemented aspect. You can also talk to your environment...but be aware, there may lie foes in the hedge next to you :)If you like the gameplay of America's Army (2.x / 3.x) and or also Operation Flashpoint (as it was developed by Bohemia Interactive) or ArmA (1, 2, 3) then SQUAD should fit to you, as well.Cheers."
76561198024579114,Recommended,393380,27881473,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,kiba3x,"This is everything Battlefield failed to be.No need of a clan, you just jump in a public game and start using comms, hearing commands and deploy real world tactics.Large scale maps and vehicle warfare. Realistic weapons and ballistics.You expose yourself and you die.You don`t find cover under enemy fire and you die.You don`t listen to squadmates or get separated, you die.You have to learn the map, the BTR, how to build and fortify positions, how to flank, how to snipe ...Hearthbeating ambushes, deadly snipershots, close victories and much more.This game is a dream of every military sim fan. Grab it asap!"
76561198063214497,Recommended,393380,27882045,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,mauryeatskids,Ever wanted to know what it feels alike to be a part of something bigger than you? To find your role in this world and do what it takes to fullfill the purpose inside of you? If the answer is yes then this game might be for you.
76561198094316785,Recommended,393380,27887365,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Phd.Professor,A polished version of Project Reality (which is free) with a bigger community and more servers to play on. But defiantly wait for a sale on this early access game.
76561198014366111,Recommended,393380,27887731,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,GreyClassyShark,"Honestly breath taking, great gameplay graphics the works! But you need to be social and communicate with your team otherwise its not as good.10/10 would get pointblank killed by a ruski"
76561198055626305,Recommended,393380,27894042,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Kekistani Kommissar,11/10 would kill ally from RPG backblast isis style again
76561198115771330,Recommended,393380,27953103,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Delta,"If you are thinking between this and ARMA 3, I would say go and buy this, its much simpler but in the same time a much more complex game than Arma 3 in my opinion (this doesn`t mean that Arma is a bad game).Squad cannot be compared with anything on the market, it is a perfect middle between an arcade shooter and real military simulation.Teamwork is crucial, if you like to play solo then this game is not for you.Nevertheless best money spent on a game so far."
76561197964138129,Recommended,393380,27999432,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,^LCF^ Mordahkai,"Possibly.....no, no, no, Definitely the most thought out shooter ever. No bunny hopping, Run ‘N” Gunnin, wanna be Battlefield / CoD. This game has almost ever element that you want in a full game and it is only an alpha.-	Graphix- Ever seen a beautiful sunset over the poppy fields of Afghanistan and wanted to shoot that ♥♥♥♥er outta the sky cause it’s so blindingly real…….? We got it.-	Realism- Ever ran low on ammo in an intensive fire fight that has your CoD playing♥♥♥♥♥scrambling to find an ammo crate and getting fog of warred so bad that you want to drink acid to fix your eyesight…….?  We GOT IT.-	Teamwork- Follow orders, follow your Squaddie, Build, Shoot and freaking destroy♥♥♥♥♥♥in one of the best team building, non-vegan, kick you right in the crouch war simulators……? WE GOT IT!!!-	Vehicles used right- Actual combat vehicles used the way they should be. No you can’t drive it up a mountain and off of a cliff and parachute out while it falls to the ground and kills one enemy troop on the ground while you throw grenades from your lofty canopy and then get booted out your Squad for being the idiot you are and then ridiculed for costing your team a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of tickets. You wanna almost be forced to use it like you’re supposed to….? We got that!-	Battle Buddies- Wanna lay in a heap of bloodied meat screaming for a shot of morphine and a beautiful bandage from the lovely MEDIC less than thirty yards away from your red stained mass bleeding out while they throw smoke grenades around your body cause they ain’t that stoopid to get shot out in the wide open like your dumb♥♥♥♥♥did……? WE GOT IT!!!This game prides itself in being the premier true to life tactical, team based, bad♥♥♥♥♥first person shooter on the market! One of the best things about the game is that it feels so ready for release as is but you know the Devs are hard at work at making even more content and improvements.If you’re a lil punk that constantly spams voice comms with “I ____ed your mom!”  insults every three seconds and needs told to stay off of your dad’s PC because you’re an entitled lil prick…..Download the Origin client and spam your mom’s credit card number into there, CAUSE WE AIN’T GOT TIME FOR YOU HERE!!!!!!"
,Recommended,393380,24841860,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,HerosminersYT,110/10 if you're looking for hyper realistic combat. First spawned in multiplayer. Instantly was pinned down by machine gun fire and a squad with a humv rolled up and took out some taliban. Ears were almost ringing because of how loud the browning 50 was on the humv. Very PTSD inducing
,Recommended,393380,24843893,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Fortis Finicus,">Joined the USSR militia>Became medic>Got in a vehicle with my Russian comrades>Came across an AT person>Vehicle was full so he jumps in the back of the truck and lays in our laps>We ride in to combat screaming ""Allahu Akbar!"" and singing Bill Nye's theme.>RPG guy stand up, and we're going in at full speed and the RPG guy shoots a HUMVEE and we crash in to a tree and the vehicle explodes.100/10 would scream Allahu Akbar again."
,Recommended,393380,24871918,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,inkmauser,"10/10 amazing game , totally action packed , especially with the new vehicles"
76561198126775855,Recommended,393380,24876015,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Hatzlem,"Its great, dont get this game if you dont have a good pc, dont get it if you have a amd, great game, better than arma or any other game that tries to be realistic, because this game has beat them all to it"
76561198008786880,Recommended,393380,24881397,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Volack,I never write reviews but this game is amazing. I've only played for 4 hours but I've made a chunk of friends and the gunplay is tight. This game is still in early access but this is the best game I've bought in a long while.
,Recommended,393380,24885915,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Pizza,very good game :)
,Recommended,393380,24899718,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,-vicious,Pretty dope
76561198088814703,Recommended,393380,24904449,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,TheDreamer64,"Squad is a tatical shooter that has you on edge in close-medium-long ranged engagement, if you love a challenge in a all open battlefield along with a squad this is the game for you, beware this game is very hard and you may rage in some moments, i would not recommend if you have trouble dealing with hard gameplay dont now purchase this."
,Recommended,393380,24929120,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Elph_nic,Good game
76561198160365739,Recommended,393380,24985027,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,=KSK-Cpt.Phantom,"Good game, bright future......"
,Recommended,393380,25018349,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,ImmoralWombat,"This is what Alpha should be. A great, playable game in need of some polish. (Animations, textures, bugs, etc.) It's fun af and constantly updated!"
,Recommended,393380,25024298,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Triple Nutted Barbarian,"This game used to be great.. USED TO! With the addition of vehicles the graphics along with the fps went to♥♥♥♥♥♥ I only recommend it because I have faith in the developers one of which I got to play Squad with and have a nice long chat (Shout out to you Roy, best dev I've ever spoken with!) and the fact that Project Reality was and still is an amazing game to play. Give it time and Squad will rise to the top once more!"
,Recommended,393380,25031290,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,ResidentBilly,"If you're a former member of the military, more so combat related, then you'll enjoy this game. Relies heavily on communication and team work. As you can expect though, it's a video game and it will be filled with people who have no military background or any knowledge of how to work in a team. If you have a group of 50 mates who can work together then you're going to have one hell of a game! But if you're stuck with a bunch of random players, then just crack open a cold one and let the bullets fly!"
76561198007649262,Recommended,393380,25355998,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Undertoker,"basically put it is fantasticif you loved BF2 and Project Reality and want a more, much more realistic but fluid game this is it.the recent patch was a bit buggy as alpha patches can be, but three hotfixes later and it is once again solid.i cannot wait for this game to go release, if you want real warfare it really is the bollox"
,Recommended,393380,25452691,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,riyaz,this game is really amazing
,Recommended,393380,25502103,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,SEZE,"Absolutely fun military simulator game. If you like working with people towards a goal, this is the game for you as teamwork is a huge part of the game... it is called Squad after all. Mic use and the ability to think before you shoot is huge. Each role is very rewarding when played correctly. Active development from the Dev team and the reddit is active. Knowing people prior to playing is not required as you are requested to join a squad of people and then can have friendship time with randoms, and then easily add the people you found to be helpful or those you had fun with."
76561197978802628,Recommended,393380,25520067,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,5A1312EWULFX,It needs to better utilize the graphics card. The game gets very low fps. But when it works it can be fun.
,Recommended,393380,25627320,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Lerpyderpy,"Great game spent some time learning most the mechanics, I wish it had better AMD optimization though."
,Recommended,393380,25647890,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Pelvis Pressly,"- Great visuals, sound and effects,- very enjoyable ,- decent community,- great gameplay,Edit: Big updates usualy come once a month. Smaller updates, patches and fixes come frequently. Squad developers are clearly working on improving the game and making the full release as good as possible.- Game is still in the Alpha stage so its understandable that some people will have a hard time getting the game to run smoothly. Don't complain - just wait.i7 - 4770kGTX970 OC+ 4Gb128Gb SSD12Gb RAMFor me this is enough to play on ultra settings at 50-60 fps."
76561197972172202,Recommended,393380,25662700,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Maybe Taylor,"Great game, really looking forward to future updates and the full release but...Its trying to be Project Reality but doesnt quite match up to it yet.Heres the list:x Maps arent quite as good - Needs more foliage/density to the forests and more city based maps as well as they need to be bigger.x Graphics need improving - Something about the graphics are weird and unnappealingx Servers need higher player counts - PR has about 100 as far as I can rememberx Needs planes/helicoptersx Player models need to be a bit more variedIm sure all these things will be added as the game progresses but progression has been quite slow. Hopefully they can speed things up a bit and get it done before everyone loses interest. As of right now ill stick to PR."
,Recommended,393380,28983539,Posted: 3 January,all,antimidas,This Game is great for alpha stage. Seriously.....
76561198125726658,Recommended,393380,28999480,Posted: 3 January,all,Dr.Evil,"-Became squad lead-Spearheaded attack on next obj we had to cross a mountain through enemy frontlines-Came under heavy fire-Got to the top and found a foxhole since there wasn't any other cover we all hopped in it-Everyone was patching up-Got done patching up? Pop smokes to obscure enemy view-Place Rally-Pop more smoke-Heard a noise that didn't sound like a smoke-Relayed to squad ""I hope that wasn't a Grenade..""-Other squadies saying about the same stuff more or less-Pulled out another smoke-Was able to see over rally and saw the worst thing ever.. a frag grenade admist all 9 of us-Relayed to squad ""Its been a pleasure boys...RUNNN GRENNADEEE""-BOOM everyone died.15/10  Would go on another gauntlet mission again"
,Recommended,393380,29058951,Posted: 6 January,all,Eosphorus,"For an Early Access game, it's pretty darn good.it has glitches, bugs here and there and kinda clunky. - understandable, since it still in Alpha.core gameplay requires communication with the whole team. it has elements from other games such as; insurgency and Arma but without the Spergy control scheme.as far as i can tell, every squad member has a role they need to fill, coordinate movements get points and win.if you deviate from that, well...you dun goofed.a very fun game...needs more updates and fixes. recommended"
,Recommended,393380,29101188,Posted: 7 January,all,Megawhacko,This is such a great game. Lots of teamwork and active voice comms. Rare to see these days.
76561197971710007,Recommended,393380,29148460,Posted: 9 January,all,[BFL] monty156,"Have you ever seen helmet cam footage of a military firefight?This game basically feels like you're living that footage. I'm not a soldier, so I can't attest to how realistic this game is, but i can say that itfeelsrealistic. Way more than ARMA ever has.If this sounds appealing then buy it now. Don't let the early access tag scare you, the game is fantastic now, with a good community, and regular (and sometimes quite large) updates.So far, I'd say this is EA done right."
,Recommended,393380,29363046,Posted: 19 January,all,Chris N,"I only have a few hours in the game but from my initial point of view, the game is very fun. I suggest you have some friends to play with because in order to obtain vehicles you need to have a squad of three people. If you plan on buying this game to play with yourself, be prepared to talk to the people in your squad.The people get fairly annoying when 99% think they are literally in the military.The game is not for people who enjoy going into games (CoD) as one man armies. You rairly get away with a 2v1 if the two people actually see you.All in all, I would highley suggest the game. Even in early access the game is good."
76561197961262232,Recommended,393380,26569450,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Crichton,"When reading reviews, especially recent ones, make sure you make note of hours played. Squad has a pretty steep learning curve, and your first few dozen games are going to consist of you getting popped from unknown directions. There's a absolute metric ton of depth here if you do decide to dig in, and matches are more chess-like than most modern shooters.A lot of people want to compare this to Arma as well, but that's really a mistake. This game lies somewhere in between Battlefield and Arma, it's not a true mil-sim and it's not trying to be either. This is honestly for the best, and the situations you find yourself in from match to match are very immersive.The last note I'll make is that I've been playing since day one, and I have never seen an early access title grow so consistently and with such quality. These devs are delivering, and there's no doubt this game will reach release."
,Recommended,393380,26569481,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,mohojo,Amazing intense game. It is about realism. No crosshairs nor notifications when you hit someone. It is intense.
,Recommended,393380,26570280,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Mr. P,I shot a guy and he actually died.12/10
,Recommended,393380,26570899,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Seal,Really good game. The love child of typical FPS shooters and the Arma franchise.
76561198054470787,Recommended,393380,26572238,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,eat a dick up till you hicup,amazing game anyone one who like arma or battlefield should buy this Asap..... on thing it needs is a queue up for servers!!!
,Recommended,393380,26577468,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,moloTov,"I keep coming back to this game even with the many bugs, and that speaks volumes. It's everything counterstrike is not."
76561197967281383,Recommended,393380,26584109,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,don't rage me bro!,"Great game if you like tactical shooters. It's somewhere between Red Orchestra and Arma. The perfect mix really. If you like mods such as Project Reality for BF2 then this is the game for you. Well worth the $40. Lots of upcoming content still, and it already has a bunch of mods in development that looks great."
,Recommended,393380,26585024,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,friend,"A fun game for those who are willing to learn. If you are easily offended then this game may not be for you. It is also MANDITORY to use a microphone while playing this game, make sure you have one before purchasing."
76561198076252922,Recommended,393380,26586809,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,CybinBlue,THOSE THAT DONT LIKE IT HAVE THE ATTENTION SPAN OF A FLY.This is great game!! and if im not mistaken its still an early build of the game..?..i think
76561198044542363,Recommended,393380,26587604,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Tubby Tubs,"I have played this game A LOT. Don't get me wrong, there are some frustrating bugs and general glitchiness found in the alpha, but I have also never played a shooter that is so much fun. The game requires teamwork, strategy, and an ability to perform well in utter chaos. For $20 right now, this game is a complete steal as I was already more than satisfied with my $40 purchase. If you like games like Arma, Red Orchestra, Insurgency, or any other tactical shooters, you will love this game.Can't wait to see this game's future success."
,Recommended,393380,26590018,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Blaze,I really like the game just they need to work on the conrolls and etc.
76561198063642030,Recommended,393380,26590207,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Tiburontito,good game
,Recommended,393380,26591518,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Dylstergo,I love the communication between the different squad mates and how you have to work as a team.
,Recommended,393380,26591560,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,AlTilly,"I was hesitant about buying this game in early access, but after a few hours of playing I knew I had to immediately get it. The core mechanics and handling are excellent, it can only get better with more content and refinements.It finds a good middle ground between Red Ochestra 2 and Arma, which is exactly what I hoped for!"
76561198324588402,Recommended,393380,26595632,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Squatch Nasty,ive only played 4.5 hours and im hooked I hope they keep this game going. Excellent squad based milsim. I'll 100% take this over a COD game and its really giving BF a run for its money.
76561198105817804,Recommended,393380,26596894,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Sg SamuraiDevil,-
76561197967449029,Recommended,393380,26597381,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Carnster,"This is not a BF or COD game. It is not an arcade shooter. It is not a hardcore Military sim.Let's get that out of the way...It is, however, what I'd describe as a Military sim lite. It blends the realistic elements of modern combat with playability and a tighter focus on what it wants to do. The game is built around the mechanics of squad play and relies heavily on the players to make the game what it is. It's about communication and teamwork. Any other way to play it will result in very little success, and this is its massive strength. When you get a good Squad Leader and team mates that work together it's a thing of real beauty. You will lose hours, and the game can get very intense.I wont comment too much on performance or technacalities as everyones systems are different. For me on an older but decent rig get great performance at high and ultra settings. Runs really smooth, but others may differ so the bigger the rig the better it's likely to be.If you want a shooter that requires a little more thought and effort, but don't want the hassle of a three hour Arma Op Briefing then you're going to like this a lot. The most important thing I'd like to finish on is that make sure you have a mic, and don't be afraid to use it. Communication is paramount in this game, so don't be shy!I was a free-weekender who had a great time and thought I'd buy the game and put up a review to counteract the negative reviews that mostly seem to come from people who had no idea what the game was about."
,Recommended,393380,26598692,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,LewdGeek©,This game is fulll of bug but its an Alpha so its ok but THIS IS THE ♥♥♥♥ING BEST FPS You can play on Steam by far...
76561198217619845,Recommended,393380,26601808,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Salaahoeddien,"The game can be good but it can also suck bad. It depends on if your squadmates are active. TIP: go for language specific servers, even when you don't speak that specific language they're probably okay with you speaking english.EDIT: Squad keeps uninstalling its self after i play it."
76561198125457401,Recommended,393380,26603792,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Nimble,"This game is not for COD or BF Fanboys. This game forces you to work together or lose. If you see any mixed or negative reviews, I promise it's because they either don't know what Alpha means, or they got in the game and proceeded to play it like call of duty running off by themselves constantly dying and having a bad time. If you don't like teamwork this is not the game for you. This game offers a perfect in between for people who like the milsim but don't like the bad optimitazion on arma or the complex systems in arma that make it a sim. This game is addicting to say the least."
,Recommended,393380,26611212,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Carlos Spicy Weiner,"Got the game while 50% off, and I LOVE it. More intense than Battlefield, less complicated than Arma, it is perfect for the gamer that needs a little bit more strategy in their gaming experience. Great developers, you get caught up in the game, It is definitely worth a buy."
,Recommended,393380,26611733,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Cotoi,"A great alternative for ArmA. The game is not finish yet, and there are key features that devs MUST put in order to be successful, like better audio positioning or more stances, but the team already proved their love and dedication for this game and you can see that in the details already present in the game, I do recommend it for all ArmA and insurgency players, or for younger player who want the experience that made Battlefield 2 the most loved Battlefield."
76561198077972511,Recommended,393380,26611753,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,HATUEY88,Nice game. Need some optimization but for alpha game is ok.
,Recommended,393380,26613913,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,=TA=HenryHo,"As a former PR player, the things in SQUAD reminded me of PR in many different ways, not to mention that they share the same point of view on simulation FPS game. For now the game is in its Alpha stage and still in development, so we should waiting patiently and looking forward for many new stuffs added into this game. And I REALLY REALLY wanna see PLA showing up in it. Hope to see it ASAP."
76561197999149112,Recommended,393380,26615070,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,JackDaniel Frikandel,I highly recommend this to players that are sick and tired of bullwank games like COD....
76561197960465381,Recommended,393380,26615271,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,mtkafka,"Holding out an FOB with enemy all around... nothing like it.  Not even BF.  Its like Khe Sanh or Pavlovs House in Stalingrad  or something I'd imagine like you'd see in the movies but really feeling real, but obviously still a game!  really cool."
,Recommended,393380,26616190,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,[R3D]Hatack,"Just 15 hours in, Used the free weekend to see if i liked it.. It's great. Purchased it after first game. It's simple to enjoy, follow your squad leader, back the squad up. Work as a team and you will see some of the most intense battles going. It runs well enough for me.It can be a slow game, if you prefer faster go for Cod,Titanfall,BF1 etc. But with a good squad leader it won't be the running simulator others have said.Cracking game, very enjoyable."
76561198005048730,Recommended,393380,26617368,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,KonradKurz,"Joined a squad, squad leader was an all american, loud mouth, bad♥♥♥♥♥ he drove the whole squad in a BTR, we attacked the enemy positions, behind the enemy lines, we were fighting like they were fighting in saving private ryan but the enemy had superior numbers and unlike the movie we all died. Respawned, got another BTR, this time a more coordinated attack on the frontline enemy positions, together with Alpha and Charlie squads we pushed the enemy out of town, killing a good number of them on the way, and won the game.Had tons of fun, and this is only in Alpha. If you like mil-sim shooters this is a must have."
76561198297971918,Recommended,393380,26621950,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Yoda1980,"This game is quite good, but needs just a little more work. Graphics need to be much sharper as it can be very hard to see the enemy in the distance. ( I use a reshade to help with this right now )You can have some great games if your in a good squad & the gun fights can be very intense, in a good way.But if you get in a bad squad it can suck big time.Some squad leaders can be unfriendly & up their own rears ends.But you can always leave their squad & join another ( in game ) if your not getting along with them.You do need to use a mic when playing this game, or you'll find it very hard working as a team.I would give the game 7 /10,But there's some real potential here to become a great PC FPS."
76561198343569382,Recommended,393380,26623506,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,ClassicKid301,"This game is amazing. If you like realilistic shooters, than this game is for you. You can play as a medic for support, or you could be a rifle man if you would like to supress. I love the game!"
,Recommended,393380,26623513,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Ivan Ooze,"Don't let the negative reviews fool you.  As a lot of these people were expecting some sort of CoD arcade shooter.  This is leagues more realistic, difficult, and immersive.  It is a very fun game if you like tactical fps team games.Roles - You need to utilize your roles to keep your team alive.Medics need to always be on the lines ready to stop bleeding, wounds, and death in its tracks.  You need mates to lay down suppressive fire and pop smokes so the medics can do their thing.Squad leaders SLs can lay down spawn points for people, anywhere they choose to gain tactical advantage over spawning on a certain capture point.Communication - You need the Squad Leaders(SL) to communicate entire team movements as if playing a big game of chess, calculating the best flanks and positions together.  You need to tell your medics to save your♥♥♥♥♥  You usually need to have a microphone in general, or people will verbally scrutinize you until you cry.. and you deserve it.If you are not into this kind of game and were expecting something else, that's not the game's fault!  It does a great job of being what it is.  There is so much more to this beautiful game that I haven't been over, but It reminds me of Arma + Red Orchestra and it is a very good tactical experience for Early Access.With price at $40.00 = 7/10If they lowered the price 10-20 dollars it could be a 9/10 in my book."
76561198074942397,Recommended,393380,26628961,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Missmamma (Hotgamingmamma),"what can i say bad about it ? well nothing i can find since i have played has been bad , i myself has not had one issue or fault since ive played and to be truthful i have tried to find a fault after some bad reviews i have seen and to date i have not.the game runs perfect for me ( might be diffrent for others ) i have all my settings maxed out its wonderful , fps cannot complain get the same as i would be in arma 3 if not more  , ive met some friendly kind players , voice chat is clear , game looks wonderful , runs smoothly as can be my only issue is they need to remove the speak to whole team(s) this includes the enemy this is not  a issue its just something that shouldnt be a option if you are against them. above all its great as it is , i have ended up buying more than 2 copies for friends/family every time i get a chance to tell someone about the game i will tell them the truth on how great the time i have had then they have ended up buying it so all in all its a must buy and i would get it again and again :D ( first public review so not sure if this helps anyone but i would buy it hand down no questions asked and i bought mine after been told it was a prroly run game , clearly there pc couldnt handle the pros of this game )"
,Recommended,393380,26629794,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,J-Stain,"If you love Arma you'll love this. The game is as fun as others and you are willing to make it, it's as simple as that."
,Recommended,393380,26630602,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Sir Lagsalot of Highping,A game so good it will give you PTSD
,Recommended,393380,21759690,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,losangeles26,"One of the most tactical indi shooters I have played in along time. It adds interesting sandbox mechanics and coordinate strikes along with more fleshed out class systems than most other shooters. Its really damn fun and I would recommend it to anyone who has the hardware to match, although thats if they have the hardware to match. I like many others have a AMD based platform costing around $1500s, real next gen♥♥♥♥♥♥ The problem is that apparently AMD doesn't work with this game as when ever I turn the settings to High on that fools road map, it lags like♥♥♥♥♥♥ Although I can play a match of medium ping H1Z1 on ultra graphics, level 70 FOV, and graphics turned up to 3,000 thousand at a smooth 55 to 60 frames per sec. H1Z1 having vastly more diverse textures, objects, and a massive map. I am one of the last people to recognize this AMD problem (probably because I didn't know why it lagged up until 20 minutes ago) but I still do think this is an issue that needs attention. If you have a platform like me, don't buy this game for♥♥♥♥♥♥unless you are okay with games that have the texture quality of the drawing of a 2 year old and pixelation so bad I swear I was playing rainbow six 2. If your platform does work with this game how ever, which please be sure for your sake, the damn things $40s, get this over any triple AAA shooter title like BF or COD this year I your primary focus is multiplayer based shooters, this is a great♥♥♥♥♥game at that and has massive potential to become a classic slap in the face to Corprate Commander Himself to teach people how multiplayer shooters are done."
76561198183754663,Recommended,393380,21878970,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,t0tin0_boi,"I absolutely love this gameIt actually makes you think and use strategy (the damge model and lack of any spotting mechanic take care of that. Take notes Dice.)Its the first game I have ever played where I truly felt like part of team...And I hate it to.Is it the realism?NopeIs it the Diffculty?NaddaIs it the graphics?Cant complain.Is it the gameplay?No.Its the ♥♥♥♥ing camping. This game is absolutely full of it. The worst Ive ever seen. I get that its effective, but its plain annoying. You're trying to play it, and you get killed 5 or 6 times at spawn because some jerk broke into your base and got 20 kills before he was taken out.The other problem is how weighed it is. For example, on Jensens Range, whoever gets the first base up wins no matter what, without fail. Because once they have a decent base, and they figure out where your spawns are, your down for. They can just shoot at will and kill you as long as they know what they're doing. Just today, I was trying, keyword TRYING, to build a base, but the other team had gotten 3 up before I even had a chance, and killed me whenever I spawned, from any angle.This game is the first real team shooter in my opinion. And its fun, I like it. But they need to find a way to get rid of all the camping.All and all, this game is pretty good. I enjoy it. But the camping is just annoying and abundant. And people seem fine with it, which just makes it worse.Get this game, and prepare to be amazed and ready to put a screwdriver through your skull."
76561198150023159,Recommended,393380,21884368,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Danny,"The best Fps game iv played and its only early access, iv played over 5000 hours of the battlefield series and this makes that feel arcady."
,Recommended,393380,21893555,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Riker,With some work this game could be perfect.  I hope the Dev team keep constant updates and keeps the game as realistic as possible
,Recommended,393380,21897372,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,SULLY,"Great Game, I think every one should get this game"
76561197972252981,Recommended,393380,21935800,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,[1stTX.H] Pvt SwatErik,Fantastic game!Hyper realistic. Very good teamplay within and between squads. Most player use mice.Good feeling of guns and fun maps. Does not get closer to real war than this game!! More so than ARMA even.
,Recommended,393380,21944661,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Dys,vry gut
,Recommended,393380,21982820,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,SeekerShe,Superb tactical game.Very good maps.Good shooter.Mediocre teammates.Clunky controls.
76561198047306294,Recommended,393380,21991566,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Madmatt,"Me and my squad set up an FOB and sat in some alley for 30 minutes surrounded and outnumbered, being the medic I was constantly healing people listening to them scream non stop until finally we were overrun and all became blood brothers, best game 10/10"
,Recommended,393380,22050897,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,ErraticErrors,"That moment when you realize, that it was a gernade and not a particle"
76561197975461041,Recommended,393380,22071512,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,i cry,this game is .... AWESOME!BUY IT !!!
,Recommended,393380,22155808,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,[1stTX.F] Cpl. Howie,"Heavily Team worked based. 3/5 times you have a working a full working squad with people you can easily work with. I have some tips for people wanting to get this game1. Don't be squad leader until you understand this game and the way it works (Communication, quick thinkink and good judgment is key to a good squad)2. Be prepared for not so great optimization, but it is playable on most builds3. Please know this is a ""Milsim"" know that you should not be a ""Lonewolf""4. The developers add things to the game often in updates. (Vehicles should be coming soon)5. THIS IS EARLY ACCESS if you're debating on still buying it read number 2.6. Listen to your squad leader. Don't ruin the game.Overall this game is always fun to get on an immediately work with people as a team.No rating yet but definitely recommended"
76561198091460882,Recommended,393380,22230618,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,The Salty Specialist,This game is great for Intel users. Us AMD guys are seeing a game that is almost unplayable because we are barely seeing 30.0 FPS during the smoothest portions of the maps. The game is 10/10 besides optimization that needs to be done.
76561198174249707,Recommended,393380,22248855,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,O-D-COLE,Great game.I have to admit it is a bit of learning curve trying to get used to the controls and comunication tactics.When this game gets vehicles i believe it will replace Project Reality
,Recommended,393380,22330939,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,de_vorno,"Realism.Patience.TEAM WORK.Microphones.10-20mins of walking & setting up a position.Dispatching an enemy squad.Another enemy squad receives intel about your position.You fortify your position.The enemy arrives, pounding your position with M203 grenades & you lose some men.Your surviving squad relate the enemy position(s) and advancing areas.You annihilate the enemy, ensure the area is clear and move to the next postion.This game is quite fantastic, but you will need a decent spec to play it. It is currently in the alpha stages and if you have patience for erros, crashing & the like then by all means support this game.If you are an impatient person, either play another game while the glitches/bugs get ironed out or simply don't play this game!"
76561198055504314,Recommended,393380,22352500,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,jonathan.nicholson96,"This game is a military simulator it is always keeping you on your toes. i think it isn't for everyone. this game will make you want to walk away sometimes and sometimes you are hooked for hours on end , so you should check this game out for yourself if you are into military games!!!"
76561198105548275,Recommended,393380,22419209,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Tyjoe,I would love to say I that i enjoyed this game....but unplayable if you have an amd build...but 10/10 from what ive watched..
76561198037486479,Recommended,393380,22437425,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,dr.hammerstien,"So I was really excited for this game way back when it was still trying get funded in the start. I lost track of it and picked it up yesterday...played today. OMG. If you want a tactial FPS this is it. Teamwork, CQC, (etc..) its all there. Worth dropping 40 bucks."
,Recommended,393380,22444240,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Korhanos [FR],Teamworking & Action. Great!
76561198104581107,Recommended,393380,22543472,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Knox2225,"My AMD works great!Hello All, I only have 3 hours on this game because I wanted to see if my older computer build would run this without lag. My computer runs this game beautiful and on epic settings. Here is my main components of my older build, but it works!Windows 7 premiumAMD 965 black editionEVGA Nvidia 570ti8 GB RAM1 TB hardriveI haven't had to delete any voice files or other modifications to any files. I was very surprised by this, there is virtually no lag on my system when multiple people in my squad are talking, nor is there lag during grenade explosions. This areas seemed the most talked about lag issues with AMD machines, but it didn't affect my machine for one reason or another....it may be because I'm running windows 7 and dx11? Or that my AMD is a quad core and not a more complex AMD FX 8 core. I don't know, I'm not that inclined on computer tech, I just know my build works great and I'm super happy. I just got into pc, I have been a console gamer my whole life. (and still am)As for the game, it's freakin sweet, I love it and cant wait to continue playing it.My advice for people who have AMD machines, do what I did and buy the game and try it, if it works that's great and if not, get a refund and wait for the devs to optimize it more."
,Recommended,393380,23733454,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,[Swe]Joelgbg,"Really fun game, much teamwork. not like cod when u can run alone and win,"
,Recommended,393380,23767112,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Gravity Cat,"Good game with a (mostly) friendly and serious community. If you liked Project Reality from BF2 then this is totally your game!Since it's still in Early Access it obviously still needs a ton of polishing, updating and added content (vehicles are still absent, for example), but overall it's already a decent game worth the money if you're into realistic shooters."
,Recommended,393380,23868923,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Sarge,Intense af first and foremostWrecking dudes is hugely satisfingGetting wrecked doesnt even feel so badMany laugh out loud moments with proximity VoIPCamaraderie between squad mates when you do epic wreckage of enemies is really awesomeWhen it all comes together it's just down right fun if you like shooting people and feeling badass while you do itAnd it's only gonna get better...
76561198015333429,Recommended,393380,23881643,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,survivorpoptart,This is the game you get if you're disappointed in arma's pub servers.
,Recommended,393380,23934539,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,IO or Feed,"Me: ""SL, what are our orders?""SL: ""I'm French.""Off to a great start."
76561198130785717,Recommended,393380,24048447,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,No Faux,I would have agreed with some people saying wait and see on the progress but the game is really starting to pop off and it's one of the best games i've ever played. If they continue down this path this game will slay in months and years to come. It keeps getting better and better.
,Recommended,393380,24073772,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,123,Been playing Squad off and on since it came out in December. It is Stacking up to be an INCREDIBAL game. Can not wait for v7 and Vehicles in late July!
,Recommended,393380,24164439,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Clawzz,Very fun when you work with your squad to complete the task.
76561198295066189,Recommended,393380,24260404,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Mr.Chow,great game
,Recommended,393380,24381204,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,ROBXV,"So this game is still in alpha developement.Sure it has its downs for its early stage but the game is awesome, its highly realistic, the squads works most of the time pretty decent (some flawless).U can take roles as sniper, medic or just pure rifleman, follow your squadleaders orders to take over flags or flank some enemies pushing your flag.It needs some tweaks for the weaponsystem/shooting but maybes its ment to be hard to control the weapons, idk.This game is good and i recommend it though.See you in game, hoorah."
76561198057509880,Recommended,393380,24381348,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,indiig,"Led a squad of 8 other people, we all scored over 1,000 points each, had to leave and asked who wanted SL10/10 would get screamed at simultaneously by 8 people with crappy mics againIn all seriousness though, my most favorite tactical FPS ever and would spend 10 times the $ I paid for for this game, even the not-so-great alpha state it's in, they've got a great game going for them."
,Recommended,393380,24384241,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,NothingMuch,"Not what i was expecting, it feels like a remake for insurgancy."
,Recommended,393380,24386149,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,"maU-,-","One of the best war simulators i've ever played.Pure teamplay and communication and the game general quality is too much enjoyable...If you try to play this game in the sameway you do in Counter-Strike or something, it will doesn't work, because this game needs too much patience, communication and creativity by the players.10/10 game."
,Recommended,393380,24395598,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,ApexPredator,"Epic game with amazing mechanics, looking forward to future development on this game :D"
76561197960427041,Recommended,393380,24447751,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Gamer.no1,"This game is awesome! If u like realism, tactics, hardplay u gona need this sweetpie game over here. Huge patch inc really soon too with viechles and stuffs so thats gona be really cool.Listen to your squadleader or ur gona end up as a lonewolf, and you will be running and running like hell. More running then shooting.."
76561198042407865,Recommended,393380,24462759,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Scatter-Fun,"DON'T GO ON THE CHINESE SERVERS! THEY TAKE NO PRISONERS!10/10 I'm up, they see me, I'mdowndead."
,Recommended,393380,24471815,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Manwin,"All my Friends in Asia , Look into this game its similar to CS GO but its more tactical and every person has its job function to perform ....you guyss need to look at these game so that if that is demand then we can possible have our Asia Server (for low ping and faster connection)Its never late to view still gaining popularity and maybe the best game , better than CS GO."
76561198017135238,Recommended,393380,24544449,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,benjamin831221,"Amazing community (95% of them), teamplay is overwhelming, effects and sound are on point (man those explosions and debris), a critical requirement for VOIP, and realistic damage impacts (as in one or two bullets will drop your♥♥♥♥♥. I was never a multiplayer sim fan (I only play Arma with bots), but this game is so addicting, it is dangerous.Graphics wise, it's pretty good, but the antialiasing solution is really bad (turn it on, and everything you see is blurry). There are no exaggerations in textures or reflections, and the vegetation density is pretty spot on as well. I think graphics ♥♥♥♥♥s will have no problems with it (I admit I am one).This is an extremely fun shooter, but if you are expecting this to be COD or Battlefield, you will get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked, both out of a squad and during firefights. Each round lasts for about 50 minutes to an hour and a half, so you will get plenty of action per round a day.Wish lists: bipod deployment on SAW and RPKs, vehicles (I get carpal tunnel everytime I log on), and better AA solution."
,Recommended,393380,24628847,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Howler01,"THIS GAME IS AWESOME.It does an amazing job of blending a realistic tactical FPS with an arcade element.The results are simply awesome.In Squad, your good aim and reaction timing are just as important as your teamwork and strategy.  A SQUAD WITH GOOD TEAMWORK IS UNSTOPPABLE. This  seperates squad from all other shooters that I have played.The devs update Squad every 1 to 2 months always keeping the game fresh.I have been dissappointed by many Early Access games, but this game showed me the full potential of the early access feature."
76561198238007548,Recommended,393380,24629384,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,JackTEE,"Great fun when playing with friends. Can make the game frustrating if your squad dont have mics, especially the leader.Looking forward to the vehicles being released."
,Recommended,393380,24645765,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,BadTripVigilante,"After 27 hours of gameplay, all i can say is that i want more. And there's so much diversity in how battles play out that i've never felt it beeing repetitive. Except for the constant running though, which is well worth it when you flank an enemy FOB and continue to clear out a objective with minimal casualties. I love this game, i really do. Cant wait to see what the future holds for it!"
76561198080015446,Recommended,393380,24656863,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Russian_Spet,amazing game!!!! it turns battlefield and most other fps military games into dog♥♥♥♥♥♥ my only complaint is that i cant play any other fps now unless there like squad or verdun or insurgency 10/10.
,Recommended,393380,24701304,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,LetsStopFighting!,It's like arma but without the♥♥♥♥♥
76561197979613312,Recommended,393380,24780259,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,[FOX]LexLuthor,"Great game, reminds me of Battlefield 2, a lot more teamwork though."
76561197981658289,Recommended,393380,24782805,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Riemster,Awesome.
76561198028981486,Recommended,393380,24783615,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Rice Fields,Gerat Game. Devs always active
76561198072879030,Recommended,393380,24818641,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,MetalHead,Very good game!!! Even more amazing with vehicles now.
76561198039442816,Recommended,393380,24892035,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,SAVO1125,Love the game  just needs more custom options can't wait for the brits
76561198055676258,Recommended,393380,24893849,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Thatch!!,..CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH... Thanks for the cars and now unplayable game loved it befor now cant finish one round
,Recommended,393380,24899610,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,☯ ♠sentual squash☯ ♠ cs.,This game is awesome. I do definetly recommend it. they didnt say in the trailer but you can even make your own individual squad and chose between 3 different types of communication. My only problem is htat its a bit laggy but that will probablly get fixed after early acces.
,Recommended,393380,24936830,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,marclemore,"This is, in my opinion, the best shooter since Red Orchastra 2/ Rising Storm, I would go as far to say the team work is even more important and far more commom in Squad. The name of the game says alot, It is bases around 35 v 35 combat with squads of 9 making up each team, the gameplay feels realistic and strategic - similar to RO2. Squad goes further than RO2 by providing more diverse weapons and roles, a more important squad leader role, and vehicles which work suprisingly well for the game being in alpha. As far as performance goes I run an AMD card, one of dem beefy two gpus dealios, and the game runs fine. I'm not constantly running above 60, but i'm doing well considering my near maxed settings. My buddies who run Nvidia say they've got great performance. So this alpha build is pretty damn fun, it works fine and Ive had lots of fun with this game since it's steam release. would recomend"
,Recommended,393380,24983875,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,the dan dude,Time to aloha some snackbars
76561198120260232,Recommended,393380,24996853,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,[LOoL]bigoaff,"The gameplay is great now that there is veicles.  Basically, it is arma with battlefield 4 controls.  It still crashes at random points, witch is very anoying but i hope that it will be fixed soon.  I would highly recomend buying this game."
76561198133995125,Recommended,393380,25046717,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Jaws.,">cant load in game>go to files for 4 hours to fix settings>spawn in game>get randomly given squad leader>run across map talking about food to do a ""master rank flank"">get killed by a guy that went afk and comes back at the right time>do it againbut really the games fun after the bugs and optimization...if your thinking about buying it i would but you have to know that their will be bugs, there are 50 man servers with better frames, and their will be people from planet side and bf3 yelling at the sniper for going for a ""scouting mission"" and gets no kills or info"
76561198040140459,Recommended,393380,25059434,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Canaan.,"Runs bad, plays good."
,Recommended,393380,25560714,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Ich hasse,i got really bad server lag wich cause low FPs this was a few months ago though so i dont know how it is now im going to mark is recomnded but as far as i know this game is a MEH.
,Recommended,393380,25626917,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Archimedes,"As of September 21st, 2016. Squad is currently plagued with game crashes and memory errors, its a great game and worth the money, but right now the game is quite buggy, and when you are in a tense fire fight and all of a sudden the game just locked up and it crashes it not very fun. But anyway enough bad stuff, Squad in general is a amazing combat simulator/game. I prefer squad any day over arma, it immersive, and very very tense when in a firefight with contacts only 50 meters infront of you. Would reccomend this game to anyone interested in combat sims. Hopefully they add more armored vehicles and maybe even aircraft one day. But its still in Alpha, so how knows what to expect in the next couple years of development.9/11 would recommend George Bush again"
76561198001735237,Recommended,393380,25699536,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,TheDoc,"Alright, I don't like writing reviews. But seeing all of this uneccesary negativity about Squad has really thrown me off. This game is EARLY ACCESS and it is in ALPHA. Please don't buy the game if you can't handle that. This is also being designed by an indie developer, and if you look at all of the hotfixes; it looks as though they try to stabalize the client before they add a new feature. I've also seen some people complain about crashing after the new vehicle update. I don't know how accurate that is, I personally have never had this game crash; but maybe that's just my experience. TL:DR: This game is a great MilSim, and runs FAR better than Arma 3. I personally hope that community grows to be just as big as most of these new shooters coming out. This game is a blast, and you can actually feel like your doing something even if your K:D is atroscious."
76561198299090538,Recommended,393380,25703630,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,MARS,10/10
76561198086766612,Recommended,393380,25828080,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,eSquared,"This game employs tactics in a lesser way than Arma, but is much more intense and thought out than its competetors. 9/11 would pay 60$ for"
,Recommended,393380,25832051,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Jay...,I'm loving this game at the moment. It takes a little while to get used to the mechanics as it is nothing like a usual largescale FPS (E.g. Battlefield 4). Teamwork and communication is essential so if you like to be the d*(khead then don't even bother playing. The game still needs some work but I'm impressed with where the game is going.
,Recommended,393380,25895086,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Pvt. Frank,"Great game in my opinion, im mostly an old arma 3 modder and player and this game made me get that feeling where you are really in combat. Nice sounds effects at 200% with some base boosted headset, communications in this game is so great, team work is the key compared to arma 3 wasteland where  everyone run around and do stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥ if you're looking for awesome gun fights, great sounds effects, this is the game you've been waiting for. Its defenitely better than some 80$ games."
,Recommended,393380,25901114,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,♨Sakha,"Warning. Do not run with AMD Proccessors.(Unless you are ok with 30 frames avg + GTX 970)Arma, but more beautiful.Smaller squads (More tight)Fun game, although many bugs and crashes.7/10 Alpha Release."
76561198119076730,Recommended,393380,25913461,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,LCPL Teo,"This is a game that requires heavily on team work, squad work, and all around tatical style gameplay. You will not survive this game if you do anything like you do in BF/COD games."
76561198152602737,Recommended,393380,26039909,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,{S7}Daniecae,So from the time I've played of this game its fun enough. A few things the devs need to do though is optimize the game - stopping adding features if your game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥on the exact specs you give. They also need to encourage or create more North American servers - a game like this does not want to be played on a European server if your in the heart land and vice versa.
,Recommended,393380,26183361,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,1worddictionary,"Good game but the price is too high for what it is at this stage. Good mix of FPS and Simulation, rare for even arma 3 now."
76561198037319679,Recommended,393380,26526978,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,ZcAmos95,"This is one of the funnest games I've played in a long time. Like Battlefield mixed with Red Orchestra mixed with Arma. It was great at the begining, however now it doesn't start and freezes everytime I try to launch it. I've uninstalled and reinstalled it but that hasn't helped and I haven't been abel to fix the problem. If I could get around that problem, this game would be a 10/10."
,Recommended,393380,26527007,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Tantura,"I want to play this game more, I NEED to play this game more, unfortunately not too many friends have it, makes it rather boring."
76561198199144069,Recommended,393380,26563237,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,pyrodak,It is a great tactical FPS with a lovely balance of fun and realism.
76561198078543111,Recommended,393380,20544907,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Crex,"99% of the time your squad feels so real, the other 1% the player just hasn't adapted yet! This game is a wonderful work in progress with so much team work it feels like you're in a real fire fight. Simply walking through a poppy field while you listen to a call to prayer sounding and then a bullet whizzes by is such an eerie experience. If you get hyped for realism and amazing teamwork, this game is the one to purchase."
,Recommended,393380,20546290,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Octavian,"It's like a mixture of Insurgency, Battlefield, and ARMA. Great developers constantly working on improving the game for it's release."
76561198168191115,Recommended,393380,20547601,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,HYDRA,sooooooooooooooooooooooo goood
,Recommended,393380,21250943,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Raz,Teamwork and communication are key. If you dont have a mic and are willing to use it you will likely get kicked from 90% of the squads you join.
,Recommended,393380,21438435,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,fattymcmuffins,great game
76561198080255044,Recommended,393380,21652037,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,A Normal Bobcat,"this game is insane when it comes to realism, anyone who wants to play military simulation this is your game, way better than arma"
76561198311928028,Recommended,393380,28954553,Posted: 2 January,all,chris cgoroll.com,Squad is a fun team based FPS. Definitely requires a mic as you need a lot of teamwork and communication to win. I would highly recommend this game if you played any of the Arma games or like military simulator type games.
,Recommended,393380,28954705,Posted: 2 January,all,Zbig,It's pretty good but still early access and there are some frustrating bugs that have me waiting for updates to put more time into it.$40 is kinda steep unless you really get into it so wait for a sale.
,Recommended,393380,28959525,Posted: 2 January,all,rats > mice,ikygvubikuehrtysel8u hynes89ioghyn*SIUWTG eyiuajlghauil7eghfiuk
,Recommended,393380,28999978,Posted: 4 January,all,Greaves,"Great great great game, awesome !!!but needs balancing, weapons are it seems high powered rifles with the recoil they throw.map isn't a true rep of realism, if you play insurgents prepare to loose, unless the other team are woeful, i guess this is a true rep of realism here, but also should be a mode for insurgents, introduction of npc's ie villagers and the like, to more allow insurgents to play to realism. as both russsian and us forces just seem to play better in comparison.get it its good, but be prepared to be frustrated at points."
76561198301651150,Recommended,393380,29007772,Posted: 4 January,all,NEON_FIRE,It has a lot of potential and its  already super fun
,Recommended,393380,29019757,Posted: 4 January,all,JJ - Comedy Ninja,"Great TEAM game.  Very realistic and very balanced.  WIth the logistics vehicles to supply FOBs, the game reached a new level of awesome.  The side that focuses on the objectives wins every time.  Stay with your squad, wait for revive, and stay in communication.Version 9 has been released. It's still in Alpha but truly could be called Beta! If you liked Battlefield but wanted more realism, true team play, and less arcade play - then SQUAD is the game for you - look no further!"
,Recommended,393380,29066385,Posted: 6 January,all,STUPIDTango,"not very optimised but i also have a bad rig. even though i play  on mostly low settings i still have a great time,good gameplay"
,Recommended,393380,29076362,Posted: 6 January,all,Ace!,"Amazing game, revolving around teamwork. Player base is amazing. Highly recommend even though the game it is still in early access. As they add more content and fix bugs, the game just gets better and better."
76561198103212533,Recommended,393380,29079611,Posted: 6 January,all,Crowsus,"Bam I'm deadBam I'm dead againBam, I finally got that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10 would play again"
76561198044932499,Recommended,393380,29180153,Posted: 11 January,all,Mr. Lee,The right amount of realism and fun.
,Recommended,393380,29191633,Posted: 11 January,all,Rainbow_AWP,"BEST GAME EVER! It's really realistic, so if you don't like this type of game, don't buy it. But, if you do, you should have this installed."
,Recommended,393380,29203181,Posted: 12 January,all,Shazzy,Hello Darkness My Old Friend Sing Along Simulator
76561198215926921,Recommended,393380,29265303,Posted: 14 January,all,K-Town,"Great tactical team shooter and I have been having a blast.  The community doesn't have too many immature kids like in Call of Duty/BF4 and teamwork is very important in this game.  It is still in Alpha development so there are some rough edges when it comes to player/squad customization and graphical player movement.  I would say this is somewhere in between Arma 3 and Battlefield 4, but leaning more heavily towards Arma 3.  All in all, I know the developers are constantly adding to the game and it will only get better over time.  Important note: Headset with chat a function is imperative in this game."
,Recommended,393380,29267070,Posted: 15 January,all,Porkinchaps,"First two hours of Squad? Oh boy/>Logged into a server, wasnt expecting much.>Ended up sitting in front of a bunker entrance, trying to push in, meanwhile the enemy is taking half the map.>BTR comes in and demolishes any and all enemies inside of bunker.>Spend 5 minutes celebrating>Every squad lead and one member of that squad loads into BTR to take back map.>We dont even move an inch and the BTR is already stuck.>Everyone in the BTR gets out and starts to push, and it takes like 3 minutes to get unstuck.>When we finally get to one of the three destinations, we find out the enemy set up a FOB and we were now screwed beyond all measures. why? guns, and bullets. everywhere.>We finally broke through, and appparently they had more guys than we thought.>BTR (t)rolls in and kills everything in sight. Yes even some teammates.>We finally took it for mother russia, but we still lost.That was one game of squad. The other match was just behind enemy lines, killing any and all enemies we saw."
76561198176969842,Recommended,393380,29306412,Posted: 16 January,all,Neptune Zero 1,10/10 acurrate dipiction of combat from the infantry perspective minus all the sitting around and waiting which there is not in this game
,Recommended,393380,29309744,Posted: 16 January,all,Rickety Cricket,One of the best early access games out there. Great community and game
,Recommended,393380,26584076,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Major Payne,"Essentially a Project Reality 2. Still in the works, but this format is extremely promising. Loving it already."
,Recommended,393380,26589677,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,N7 Spectre,Played one match and now I'm available for VA benefits.11/10 would immerse myself again.
,Recommended,393380,26590631,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Der.Nelly,is good game just wish you could cut firing slits in walls
76561198238378452,Recommended,393380,26591558,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,{ANTS}FataL,This is an amazing military FPS that is probably the most realistc out there. I hi♥♥♥♥ reccomend this to anyone that is into Military/Realistic FPS games.
,Recommended,393380,20005391,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Morris Carpal-Tunnel,"As of now I can confidently say this game is great, and as development continues it can only get better. Ive always been a fan of mil sims including Arma, and Insurgency to name a couple, but this game takes the cake. Best get it while its cheap."
76561198026276316,Recommended,393380,20031459,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,TheCookieZz,"Its just one of the best ""Hardcore"" War Simulations... (FPS)The Sound Engine is just power full!Just the Performance is for the most player probably low, its just for very good pc´s or you change something in the data.But the rest is just perfect!Nice Work!!!15/10 :D"
,Recommended,393380,20044949,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Lord Commander Towe1ie,Amazing game. Has a great community
,Recommended,393380,20048972,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Rocket Fuckers,"This game is awesome.. Its a little buggy, but hey , its in the beging stages..If you are looking for a close combat, team oriented game.. Then look no further..but make sure your PC is up to par! :D"
,Recommended,393380,20134149,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,✧ Rox ✧,"For the first time in my gaming experience, I have actually had small rushes of adrenaline when I play Squad. The realism in the game is almost unmatchable even to most simulators such as Arma. I must add the game is very well shaped around the sounds which are almost spot on. Even though the game is still a little buggy, and there are not many settings that can help you optimize it (such as 1080p) which I had to manually set through the console [r.SetRes 1920x1080f] . It is an amazing game overall and the $40 spent does not feel wasted."
76561197969345539,Recommended,393380,20135384,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,tostitosRcool[kc],"Just to save you the agony, ""Resolution Scaling 100%""Not 120%May you temps be low and your frames be high."
76561198181771005,Recommended,393380,20142851,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,AKJ,"Okay so if I were to say about the game content, I am fully satsified. Players in this game is mature, fully commiting to play the tactical gameplay through communication. However, I would not recommend this if you are not living in US or Aus or NZ.Tthere are too little player playing the game elsewhere and you have to join the server from those region. Even its pings are 150+. So I will probably wait for few weeks or months."
,Recommended,393380,20313039,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,KinkoTheSluttyGorilla,"I have always been really into realistic shooters and this game fits very nicely into that catagory. Granted it is still in early access but in the year to come, I believe it will be the best realistic shooter on the market."
,Recommended,393380,20378052,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Valraven,For the Stage the game is currently in it is even more fun than the last fps games that came out 2015. If you are a gamer like me that loved the battlefield series and  arma this game is the perfect.You have a game that is a bit more complex than battlefield but not as complex as arma wich is really nice.If you have questions or issues the other players will help you.The current community is just awesome they are fun to play with. Even if some are jerking (E.g. famous movie quotes) around they still know when they need to cooperate and when to be serious. Hackers will normaly banned immediatelybecause they ruin the fun for both teams. I have to say this is my favorite gaming community at the moment.But lets see how the game evolves with the introduction of vehicles
,Recommended,393380,20437147,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,MrAlwaysKarma,"This game brings alot of mobility and action. It is amazing for people who want a crazy experience in battle, it is a mix of Battle Field and Arma 3. I would not recommend this game for people who have♥♥♥♥♥♥computers though (no offense) but yeah.Rate - 8.5/10"
,Recommended,393380,20451638,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Strider,"Review and StoryThe ReviewGameplay 8/10: if you like tactical games and fps. This is for you. Devs promise a lot of features, we will seeGraphics 8/10: A little dated, but has all the staples of modern gaming; temporal AA (sadly, doesn't work well), msaa/fxaa, sun shafts, bloom, high def shadowsSound omfg/10: 'nuff saidCost 5/10: seriously underwhelming for the price point. But the devs promise a lot.Overall 8/10The StoryJoined a random server and then a random squad. Squad leader was one of those annoying ""gangsta sounding"" kids who says ""yo"" at everything and probably uses one of those ""string"" backpacks. I digress, he spoke a lot and had strategy - a quiet SL is a bad SL.After a strategy was decided we were off, heading to the far west side of the map, to make a FOB (Forward Operating Base) behind a key capture point. We made it there after about 15 minutes with a lot of chatter and no action. Set up the FOB and climbed the hill for an ambush. They saw it coming, we didn't stand a chance, I lay prone, in fear, as my squad dies around me. Their voices screaming and cracking through the radio. They didn't see me, after a minute of lying perfectly still, barely breathing, someone basically steps on me. I wheel to see who it is, realizing he had no name, in reflex, I shoot him dead. ""It must be over now"" I thought ""surely he said something to his team"", good enough another head pops up over the hill, he didn't stand a chance. I pop smoke, now they know I'm here. A few more, all didn't see me, all dead. "" they think I'm down the hill further"" I think as I wipe an entire squad out.I check in with my squad only to realize they moved on, abandoning the FOB - and me. I need to make it back to them, but denizens of enemies lie between me and them. I quickly realize that I owe the universe a debt, ""I need to die and respawn"" I think. So I wander nonchalantly into the cap point, I see one, no, two. I shoot and kill. They didn't see me! I run for it and make it out. Meeting up with the squad I learn that our new goal is to assist with attack squad in a last ditch effort to get CP back.We are now going on a straight assault, b-line for the CP from the other side. On the way there I spot enemies, ""tangos 75 bearing 400 meters"" I say, ""do you want us to engage or ignore?"", ""give 'er"" the SL says. We engage, having the upper hand of surprise and surpress the crap out of them. SL takes a guy and continues to the objective. Suddenly, I see an explosion at the feet of my medic friend, ""♥♥♥♥"" he says as he dies, ""what the ♥♥♥♥ was that?"" I say, thinking they are too far for grenades. Another grenade goes off in front of me, ""nevermind, I found out what it was, I'm out of here!"" I yell. I turn around to run in the direction of SL, start climbing the hill, and the game ends. We lost with a 40 ticket difference. I didn't see my score, but it must have been highWould not die again, 8/10."
76561198071414094,Recommended,393380,20473564,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,LyonHart,"Love the game so far, would like to developers to deliver a better key binding layout system to use a controller due to me and my team mates hates the keyboard lay out, plus upgrades for weapons and better spawn beacons, other than that i think this game is going to be the best and most realistic shooter out for me"
,Recommended,393380,20477706,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Mr_vladamir,"i bought this, but it was full of user interface glitches that was messing up my menu, so il wait until the full release"
76561198051031496,Recommended,393380,26565041,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,GLOCK,"I'm sorry I waited so long to jump into this game!  I'm an Ex-British Infantry Soldier and have to say this is as real as it gets! Ok the graphics aren't as polished as BF1, however the emersion is twice as good!  Communication is what makes this game!  In real life squads are on squad only comms and the commander is on the battalion radio network as well, so this is realistic!  Weapon sounds are great and reload animations are realistic.For an alpha great work so far Devs!"
76561198039980270,Recommended,393380,26566219,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,spankyknaps22,"SQUAD is a blast, overall a great game. Lots of teamwork required to achieve certain tasks.. I highly recommend this game to anyone on the fence about it, It is NOT like Call of Duty!"
76561198121563289,Recommended,393380,19817664,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Phlux,I reccomendation this to all my friends!
,Recommended,393380,19837139,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,RyceCube,"Good game, but it's still pretty buggy and poorly optimized. I'd recommend waiting a bit unless you're okay supporting a very alpha game."
,Recommended,393380,19858956,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Tox,Squad is basically ARMA if ARMA didn't run like hot trash and handle like your grandmother on rollerblades.
,Recommended,393380,19867881,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Peekaboo_Pummels,"8/10As far as squad-based shooters go, this one is in the process of becoming a memorable one. As long as one of your squad leaders knows what he/she is doing and your squadmates stick together, communicate, and do their assigned jobs, there is no way that you will not become engaged in what this game has to offer.It is still in development and is bound to be laggy, buggy, what-have-you. However, it is being updated in ""slices"" and will soon have vehicles as well. Until then, the ground/foot-mobile warfare is more than enough to keep it entertaining.Pros: -fun team game-pseudo-realistic gameplay-plenty to expand upon and increase the world value-several MOS options to experiment with as you play and learn-large map and practically open world-a base building mechanic-an FOB mechanicCons: -teammates do not always listen-a minor learning curve-pretty much requires a mic to fully enjoy-a bit more pricey than it is really worth at this point in development-lag-match finder needs serious work"
,Recommended,393380,19886129,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,shane,i think i had an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ when i played this game
,Recommended,393380,19976892,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Arson Aardvark,"Runs decent to well on i5-4690k, R9 380 4GB, 8gb RAM.  Average 30-60 FPS depending on map and area.  Haven't experienced any large FPS drops or stuttering, however I did experience a sound issue on my first map playthrough.  Suddenly the sound went from 1 to 1000 and I had some kind of runtime error when I tried to minimize to see if it was non-game related.  Otherwise game runs quite smoothly for its current state.  Spent my first hour of the game guarding a small encampment way up in the Russian woods.  Never saw a single enemy, still had fun.  This game is not for the impatient.  You will sit and wait, but when you make contact with an enemy it's chaotic.  The best part is that you can't tell when you've killed an enemy, and suppressing fire actually WORKS.  Can't wait to see this game evolve even further."
,Recommended,393380,19984940,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Skelly,It's an amazing concept that has hyper realistic shot patterns/sounds. Just make sure your computer isn't a potato when you buy the game. Because trust me low res graphics with medium view distance does not make for a match. You can't see a thing.
,Recommended,393380,20013046,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Mr.Belvadeer,"If you enjoyed games like Red Orchestra and ARMA you'll love this game. Gameplay is tacitical and tense, but also extremely fun. The game rewards teamplay much more than other games, rewarding kills much less than defending or capturing objectives, although implementing a rewards system would further encourage this. The game also looks and sounds great, although viewing objects from a distance could be improved. All together a solid game, look forward to seeing what the devs improve next."
76561198253690234,Recommended,393380,20018404,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,AOD_BeLegacy,"Played for about ten minutes.-Join server-Start running twoard heavy gunfire-Find squadmates hiding behind sand bank as bullets whiz all around-Hear over team chat ""This is it boys, lets go!""-Whole squad gets up and charges the enemy-Massacred by the enemy team-Laugh it off10/10 would suicide again"
76561198039791958,Recommended,393380,20019121,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,happyman,"10/10 recommend this game, it is in development, and even thought it is in alpha it has awesome game play and is very stable. I cant wait to see where this game will go!"
,Recommended,393380,20045930,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Hank Hill On Molly,"This game just needs more people, otherwise it's great."
76561198021563890,Recommended,393380,20097121,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,GovmentCheese,Very nice.
76561198050533525,Recommended,393380,20135387,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,larry,COOL GAME AND ALL BUT TEAMKILLING IS A BIG ISSUE!
76561198018663940,Recommended,393380,20138726,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Aussm-Von Bismark,"If you like arma 3, let me tell you as someone in a milsim unit, me and my friends call this FUN arma. Why because its all the realism of Arma but not the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, there’s not units to join to play, there’s not training, there aren’t meetings, its just get on and play with people in a semi-organized blob, and attack the enemy in the same situation. Its fun, its a good time, and I can't wait to see where its going to go.Also on a side note I got hit by an RPG and it over heated my PC and restated it, but dam it, it was a hell of a beautiful explosion. 10/10 would explode again"
76561198062090266,Recommended,393380,20139600,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Aldo The Apache,last game i played>Joins US server>Starts on insurgent team>switches to American team>Joins a squad>Half the squad is chinese>Other half is screaming at said chinese squad members>Spawns at rally point>Gets shot 13 seconds after spawning>Spawns again>Kills 2 taliban>Squad leader screams at me to stop ♥♥♥♥ing around>C̶o̶n̶t̶i̶n̶u̶e̶s̶ ̶t̶o̶ ̶♥♥♥♥ ̶a̶r̶o̶u̶n̶d̶    Stops ♥♥♥♥ing around>Squad leader tells squad to regroup>Walks for 10 minutes to Squad leaders position>Gets shot 3 seconds after regrouping>Waits 2 minutes for medic to heal me>Its only me and medic>Falls back to the FOB with medic>Gets ambushed while falling back>Medic kills an insurgent behind me>Medic gets shot by a sniper>Kills sniper>Holds position for 17 minutes>Gets attacked 4 times while holding position>Medic tells me to leave him>Gets attacked again>Survives with barely any health>Yells on squad radio for Help>Squad lead sends 3 guys to help>Waits 9 minutes for Squad members>All 3 get killed>Medic says hes gonna respawn>Squad 2 comes out of nowhere>proceeds  ̶t̶o̶ ̶c̶r̶y̶  get a medic from squad 2>Medic gets healed>sniper kills medic10/10 Would Lone survivor again
,Recommended,393380,20211173,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,slink,"Very entertaining and realistic military simulator, thatkeeps you on your toes the whole match."
76561198084888069,Recommended,393380,20280034,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Yumiko Sakaki,"*QUICK NOTICE*Running the game just fine. Decent performance for an early access game.GTX 970 OC'ed to 1.3ghzCore i5-6500 with boost clock of 3.6ghz8 gigs DDR4 ram @2.6ghz1600x900 monitor but in-game res scale is 115% making near 1080pI usually get around 60-80 fps at all times with max settings, though it CAN drop to the low 50s when there's either plenty of action, or smoke grenades nearby. Mostly a GPU bottleneck though, which is a good thing since I can turn down the settings if need be for better performance.*END OF NOTICE*As of writing this review, disregard the 6 hours I have in the game. I've seen enough to know what I'm getting into for the longhaul.So here we go, I can safely say this game is EASILY worth $40.First of all, the game is easy to get into. Now don't take that the wrong way, as games like CS:GO are also fairly easy to pick up, but require time to actually become GOOD.The community (so far) has been mostly great. Of course, you will always have the ones that will say ""shut the f*ck up and do X thing"" and ""Stop being such a 'lil N*"" but thats with every online game.Basically, the last match I played went a little like this:So we started the game, I was the first to join a squad so I became the leader of Alpha squad. This was the first time I was a squad leader so I frantically said into my mic ""ayy can someone take over for me"" (this was my 4th match ever in the game) but no one usef their mics 'till the game ACTUALLY began, so I had to stick with it.We moved to the first objective, about a quarter into the map relative from the south eastern side. ""Let's move in boys"" I had exclaimed. So, the boys moved in with me. We captured the first objective but immediately after we had been pinned. Seemed like half the enemy team disregarded their own objective and went straight south to cut us off. So there we were, people pinned in a single ruined building, with at least 20 hostiles surrounding us outside from nearly all directions. Luckily we held out for a solid 15-20 minutes once my team taught me how to set a rally point (essentially a temporary spawn point specifically for your squad). So as we were holding the base, I contacted the other squad leaders, with a very conveniant system that allows for squad leaders to directly communicate, and said ""hey, lets get squads 2-4 to move up north, the enemy is busy here so the enemy capture point of north should be fairly clear""Guess what? They actually said ""roger that, sounds good"" and they ACTUALLY went. And with that, they captured enemy territorry, meaning the enemies keeping us pinned could no longer capture our point since they no longer controlled the previous one. So, we finished off the last remaining enemies surrounding us and they all went to respawn up north to take back their point.So, it was just me and my squad holding the first capture point, since, although the enemy can't take our point, they CAN make it neutral. All other squads took place in a mini war raging up north, while me and the 'boys' were just chillin while the fight went on. ""Hey squad leader, set up a new FOB so we can fortify the place"" and I replied ""thats a thing?!"" And proceeded to do so. So, turns out there is a mini base-building game, within the game. So I fortified the surrounding ruins, putting up barbed wire and walls covering the entrances, adding ladders so we could easily move out if need be.So there we were, playing the Sims in a military shooter. All my squad mates were awesome people, showing me how to do all the abilities at my disposal as squad lead. Funny enough, turns out one of the riflemen with me was the server owner, just thought that was neat. He'd joke around with us making sellout jokes. ""This sh*t is $75 a month so feel free to donate!"" He would say. So eventually we said ""f*ck it"" and we had finished our amazing new ""house"". We then decided to move up north were the battle was taking place, ready to drop some fools, when halfway there the game ended.We had won.I made some good friends that day on the field. People I wouldn't have met if I'd played another game at that very moment.tl;drGET THIS GAME! It took me only 3-4 matches to understand the game mechanics and such, and now I really couldn't be enjoying it more! Awesome people, great emphasis on SQUAD (get it?) gameplay.To first time players, start out as a medic, so you won't be ENTIRELY useless if you haven't learned anything the game has to offer yet lol. Have fun and get to gaming my friends!"
,Recommended,393380,20402831,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Stark,This game has great potential. The price is a little steep for an early access game but I think it will be worth it in the long run.
,Recommended,393380,20411137,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Gold Man Sacks,"This is the type of FPS game I have been wanting for a long time.  Opium fields and the Muslim call to prayer, while fighting dirty imperialist Americans?  Whats not to love?"
,Recommended,393380,20476304,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,FatalGrunt,"Awesome Game! Dont think you are going to pick it up right away though it took me hours to even see the person shooting at me. Most realist war game ive ever played and they plan on adding tons of great updates. It cost a little too much for its current state, but i believe win this game is finished it will be well worth it. I definatly dont think i waisted my money 9/10!!1"
,Recommended,393380,20477458,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Ix,"Really exceptional for an Early Access game; solid MP and a game that really encourages and promotes teamplay, as well as providing a good set of tools to play with. Worth a punt."
76561198006909019,Recommended,393380,20478055,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Rattlesnake,"I have never played a game that can create such atmosphere. The surpession makes you hit the floor, you watch your squad mates backs, you find yourself checking your arcs and trying to sneak up on a posistion. If you are thinking about getting this I strongly reccomend you have a microphone as communitcation is key in this game. I just had a 2 hour game on one map where I was one of the squad medics, for over an hour I doged RPG, UGL and small arms as I villaintly helped my squad hold a single posistion, it was brutal with what seemed like an endless wave of american troops for over an hour with the shortest breaks to get your bearings, we had a laugh together joked about how bad we were doing yet somehow the best squad but we worked as a team and damn it was fun. I wish I could just replay that match right now but alas I have work in the morning. 10/10 would reccomend to anyone intersted in game like arma, insurgency or even battlefield. Briiliant game."
,Recommended,393380,19713612,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Mr Bryn 👌,Well.... what can i say it is a fantastic game. It is still early days yet but it's a great game well worth my 30 pound. You will need a mic for this game as it is a team based game.  Have fun...... :)
,Recommended,393380,19720241,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,MadoYaghi ✭☭,Amazing game so realestic worth the money !
,Recommended,393380,19804754,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,unnamed,"I do like that it has a load of potential but since its in alpha, it has a LOT of bugs. Theres one bug that i cant seem to understand where everytime i right click my screen goes black for a millisecond then goes back to normal. Also, im assuming they can handle the server load because me and many other people have reported lots of fps drops in multiplayer but in offline training we get good fps. Again, a lot of potential, but I odnt see myself starting this game up again until its in late alpha/beta"
70923548750123984,Recommended,393380,29640177,Posted: 1 February,all,Ethan,nice meme
76561198295484672,Recommended,393380,29660909,Posted: 2 February,all,Jarmon Cloggles,This game is the best
,Recommended,393380,29732558,Posted: 5 February,all,Ｓｌａｔｅｒ ✔,"Very Realistic, You need a microphone for sure & team-play is 100% neccesary. You will actually feel like your apart of a team and in the war. Great gameplay, great graphics. 9.3/10."
,Recommended,393380,29750263,Posted: 6 February,all,TheTrueProphet,Better than CS!
,Recommended,393380,29752090,Posted: 6 February,all,ignorant wrapper,Do it now buy this game
76561198021618331,Recommended,393380,29774407,Posted: 7 February,all,metro,better than arma
76561198365082638,Recommended,393380,29780114,Posted: 8 February,all,Abdulmalik-h,dx11 feature level 10.0 is required to run the engine ????? why
,Recommended,393380,29802164,Posted: 9 February,all,Pig Destroyer,Bestrunning-like-headless-chicken-when-intense-firefight-startssimulator ever!!!
,Recommended,393380,29849693,Posted: 11 February,all,✪Polyphemus✪,By far the best game i've played in a while. the fact that THIS is alpha only makes me happy it can get even better.
,Recommended,393380,29861045,Posted: 11 February,all,DharmaInitiative,An unforgiving squad based tactical shooter. It takes the best elements of Arma and packages them into a fun squad based objective capturing game where you really need to play as a team to have a chance at winning.
76561198131843488,Recommended,393380,29890502,Posted: 12 February,all,WillyWanker,fun
,Recommended,393380,29931459,Posted: 14 February,all,|TG| CrzBonKerz,Fantastic game for those looking for this sort of thing. Developers have a great plan and they share often. I'm excited to watch this game grow!
,Recommended,393380,30007479,Posted: 18 February,all,ϟϟ  ϟϟ,yes
,Recommended,393380,30018261,Posted: 18 February,all,MrReekoFTWxD,If you enjoy more realistic war games. this is the game you want; Its got the feel of battlefeild but more like if you dont follow orders you and/or your squad can be penalized.
,Recommended,393380,30023021,Posted: 18 February,all,Tyberis-One-,i love this game me and my friend be having fun with it keep up the good work
,Recommended,393380,30106230,Posted: 22 February,all,KDUZ3RA,">went FMJ>team killed my squad leader>squad leader call kill command in my name>other squads try to team kill me>my entire squad, even my squad leader defend me from friendly fire>squad hold position against friendly army and insurgents for about 10 minutes>we die regretfully11/10 will go FMJ again"
,Recommended,393380,30118144,Posted: 23 February,all,ODosh,idunno
,Recommended,393380,30133096,Posted: 23 February,all,SilentAnomaly,"So you want to play Squad Huh? Well are you in store for a blood shedding, Undergarment soiling, hell-uv-a good time adventure.The reason is, is because you will get shot at and if you survive one bullet to the Knee-cap consider yourself lucky that you didnt fall over like your freind to the right of you.  and if you do die dont worry, you just gotta wait 50-80 seconds before you redeploy again.You will soil your pants, i mean when bullet cracks and screams of agony are all that you hear and you dont even get so much as a toot, you are literaly rambo, and you are out for blood.And finally your freinds have your back. Just use good communication call out enemy locals and so forth.and thats my review for squad9/10 would soil my trousers again."
76561198118208822,Recommended,393380,30192158,Posted: 26 February,all,will,best fps game i have played
,Recommended,393380,30217124,Posted: 27 February,all,Arturia,"Make by the team behind Project Reality, it's combination of Battlefield and Arma , What's else should i ask for"
,Recommended,393380,28563236,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Emot,10\10 would shoot jihadiAgain
76561198046966016,Recommended,393380,28579086,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Ruttah,Great devs
,Recommended,393380,28607981,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Flied chiken,"A great game, with an ever increasing number of servers with a lot of friendly and fun people. I never had a problem with hacking and the admin from the servers are always playing. A great game to have fun!"
,Recommended,393380,28644425,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,✪ Cyperhug,"Can't Find servers, tryed to fix it for 6 hrs, and i have played it over 2 hrs, and steam will not refound... GJ"
76561198054872241,Recommended,393380,28654191,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Spazzy,"All i can say is wow.. This game really blew me away... literally ;)Ok, so i bought this before any of my other friends and played it for a bit but didn't really find it that interesting, so i call up my friends and tell them about this game and it instantly interests them. They all buy it and we hop on a server and make our own squad, i had never been a squad leader before but i tried my best. And i had a blast with my friends, we were clearing houses, going on humvee trips and i was leading a whole damn squad giving orders and it felt like i was a damn commander.We sat there the whole squad inside a little compound being shot at from all angles, i knew i had to do something so i gave them different tasks and put them in groups of 2 and 3. After 10 minutes of constant fire we managed to get rid of the north side and ran like hell to a safer place, it was honestly so much fun and this game was really fun to play with friends! I reccomend it highly if you are looking to play this with your friends!"
76561197989246504,Recommended,393380,28717748,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,The One True Fett,"Squad... How do i write a review for Squad... Let's see... Do you like tactical teamplay? Do you enjoy realism? Does the thought of hiding in a forest, or desert, with your buds/mates waiting for some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s to patrol by excite you? Do the sounds of .50's and 249's spewing hate downrange give you a hardon? Let me tell you what, there aint♥♥♥♥♥♥like ambushing some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s in a BTR with a FOB you and your mates built hiding in a forest and blowin the balls of those guys, aint nothin like it. Squad is a game i can't get enough of.. And it aint even finished yet. If they released the game as is today i would be more than satisfied. If you enjoy Arma you'll enjoy this. If you enjoy RO, or BF2 , any game that requires teamwork and coordination, you'll like this.If the thought of blowin some Hajj away with a .50 gives your a hardon, this is the game for you."
76561198057649246,Recommended,393380,28748676,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,josh.porteous,"Love this game! When you have a good squad and get those cheeky flanks, it's awesome!"
76561198309495886,Recommended,393380,28814544,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Dan,Best game ever.
,Recommended,393380,28838588,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Tazzy,A different kind of breed to Arma 3. I really like the set pieces for setting up defensive positions and the gun mechanics are a lot more to the bone than Arma 3. I would recommend buying this and Arma 3 for different reasons.
,Recommended,393380,28839743,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,HUNK,"> 15-20 of Us on a big♥♥♥♥♥sand hill taking enemy fire> Big♥♥♥♥♥mortar erupts couple feet ahead killing bout 5-6 soldiers> Random guy yells out ""Everybody quit cluster ♥♥♥♥ing god damn it !""> Every player spreads out couple feet from each other all prone still randomly taking shots and recieving them> I crawl up to the front of the hill to get a peek at enemys firing on us> Shots erupt towards my face i immediately turn back> Sprint up start ♥♥♥♥ing running for my life> So far away from all the bodies and the gun fire thinking "" I am a free man , I ♥♥♥♥ing did it I got out of there""> Mortar hit's bout 3 cm infront of me , I blow the ♥♥♥♥ up and die alone10/10 would die alone again."
76561198016721578,Recommended,393380,28913748,Posted: 1 January,all,~Felik5~,"One of the best squad-simulating game. Probably, the best. If you just want to play a standart FPS - that game is not for ya. It is all about teamplay!"
76561198093504943,Recommended,393380,26641517,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Tomahawk,"Okay just buy this game if you are into milsim. it's amazing, i prefer it to ARMA as ever ygame i go into i can either join a squad and make friends and work together or lead one. Lots of new guys running around right now so they're still learning but its an amazing community. Don't look at reviews of those who played during the free weekend. there were so many noobs without mikes that it sucked for everyone but the rest of the time it is very good.Milsim- 9/10Optimization- getting better and better with each new patchGameplay- 10/10 enjoyablecontrols- you'll have to do some mapping as they can be annoying after a few hours of stretching to bring up map. also remember to go into game settings and switch the setting on scroll timer.Bottom line. if you love milsim and slightly slower then incredibly tense gameplay and are willing to communicate this is the game for you."
,Recommended,393380,26663961,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,HITMAN,Besides Arma3 most hours ever spent on a game. Remember Arma 2 insurgency? This is it with better graphics and sounds.
,Recommended,393380,26670903,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Bongsquat,The best online military sim I have ever played.Very unforgiving to begin with but once you get the hang of it it's very satisfying.A thinking mans game.
,Recommended,393380,26674529,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Pentaxia,"A bit lacking in conent at the moment, but it's still great fun. If you like tactical gameplay, slow paced shooters or you're a PR:BF2 veteran, I'd recommend you to keep an eye on SQUAD development."
76561198216265991,Recommended,393380,26700000,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,__Welshy__,awesome game
76561198161834777,Recommended,393380,26704892,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,/just/,"Patience required. Great game if teammates work with each other. Since it has been optimized the game runs much smoother and expect it to improve.  Played PR at least since .6 and I trust the devs to deliver. Also, great community of players from across the globe."
76561198028480010,Recommended,393380,26705400,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Revos Kalosa,"The game was enjoyable, so here my list.Pro's.+Teamwork and communication+ VOIP+ Setting up FOB's (You can build up a Fortified pos to defend or stage an attack.*+ Some good maps.+ How the Guns work+ Sound. (using a 7.1 SS with Vibration is fun as hell.)+ Better Respawn. (A break away from the Horrid respawn that is Call of Duty and Battlefield the copy cat of respawn of CoD (you know it) The old BF had good Respawn as it was not random. I like the Rally point spawn (with the limit of how many times can be used.) and the FoB.)Now for the other.Con's- Limited Vec.- Training map in a server is a mess, they should be able to make it not go on the list, cause the spawn in it is HELL!! when the team starts just recking each other. (Crappy map for open combat xD)- Static Implacement. (There nothing wrong with it, however, When the gun is out of ammo, I'd like to see the clip to show as such, you never know if your out of ammo or overheated. However since it's still early, I'll let it slide.)- Insurgency. (The if not, THE worst game mode, Insurgence will either block off or make it so it is neigh impossible to get in. You can surround it, you can go around it, but you cannot get in it to blow the objective, mostly cause it's also their spawning room with their FOB, if their FOB was not in that goram room, would of been better, stops them from sealing up when it get's rough since it's just allows them to just camp and respawn, either that or increase their Respawn timer.Since I've played in the Free weekend, I know I cannot say much, however my experience in AAS was good, I was put as squad leader, (even let the entire side when they listened.) (Besides the one unit that did not speak english.)Built up a nice FOB and managed to surprise the enemy when they went for the objective when they got shot to hell and pinned down in a building and was wiped out xD. Lost the match, but it was fun.May goal I can see, is that if all the teams work together as a team, they can increase their chances of winning, Sadly I dislike Insurgency, due to the Horrid camping and the fact that one squad chose to just stick back.All in all, I like the way the game is heading so far."
76561198048438558,Recommended,393380,26739793,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Hary,Great fun lots of people playing it love the game can't wait till it is fully done 9/10 game play
76561198063628107,Recommended,393380,26748841,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,PraetorianActual,This game is the Verdun of modern combat.  In a very good way.
76561197962654449,Recommended,393380,26759265,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,cassastereo,Great sequel to Project Reality!
,Recommended,393380,26763183,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nick,"I've found what it was that I was missing from other war FPS's: teamwork. In this game, coordination and clear communication is crucial to winning. All of that gameplay-based communication does a lot in the way of immersion. And since most everyone I've run into is really helpful to beginners, it's not as difficult to get started as one might expect from the game's manual (those still exist?). It's been said before, but this game does seem like a great choice for someone used to a game like battlefield, but want something a little more realistic, but not so realistic as to be overwhelming (like the ArmA games usually do to people). Conversely, this game would also be a natural choice for someone used to ArmA but is looking for something a little less involved, and just wants to jump straight into the action. Don't get me wrong: matches often last over an hour. But it's all action, and hardly any downtime (unless you're Charlie Squad, tasked with the rest of thespecialforces to super-FOB your reserve bases, lol).I get really great fps with my r9 390x and i5 4690k @ 3.5Ghz (not overclocked yet). People say that a high-tech CPU is crucial for smooth gameplay, but mine isn't extremely advanced compared to others -- suggesting i7's and the like -- and I'm able to get a solid 60fps on a full server while streaming!Look for the full release in the next several months. Word is that they're pretty close to a proper beta."
76561197988141645,Recommended,393380,27098365,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,i cant hear you,"It's in early access so it's by no means a complete game, but it's still really fun. There is alot of potential, and with some updates and improvements it might turn out very good."
76561198013531552,Recommended,393380,27156152,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fresley,"Awesome realistic FPS game and at last! I have played so much Red Orchestra, this game takes realism even more further."
76561198041860967,Recommended,393380,27161521,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,HungryHugo,"In a time where teamwork in shooters is mostly dumbed down to the point of becoming obsolete (I'm looking at you Battlefield series), SQUAD is a welcome change of paste. It's also not like ARMA where a good session needs tons of preparation.Teamwork mostly just happens naturally. Join a server, join a squad, check if they are communicating (if not, find another squad or you will walk around aimless. A LOT!) and you are in for some intense gameplay.Development is often behind in scheduled features but it's already a great game at the current state.If you come from Project Reality and still didn't pick up SQUAD: This will still lack some options PR had (e.g. air vehicles, MBT, mortars) but other things are already way more refined (gun handling, building, ...).To put it into more Steam review friendly words:playing Medic = Buttfondling Simulator 2017 (10/10)"
76561198330398989,Recommended,393380,30418900,Posted: 9 March,all,GoldenPotatoes16,"So far, pretty good, updates should shape this game into what it's meant to be soon, but here's a quick story, So I got into an empty server at about 1 pm and met a guy who was walking in the fields alone, and befriended him, soon we were a small squad and even found someone else too but then they ended up getting lost and we were once again alone, then the game started to get slow as more and more people left the server we both agreed to leave the server, but the way we left this server was in a very dark and kinda of sad way, so he told me to throw a grenade to kill us both in an epic way or something like that, and well when I threw it his last words were blown up were ""see you on the other side"" and I could only respond with a ""heh yeah"" unfortunately, but then the nade blew up and that was that, I was sent out of the game and there i was starting at a black screen full of servers that happened to be full of people, I thought about that moment for a very long time, just imagine this happening in real life... (OVERALL GOOD GAME, ONLY GET IT WHEN IT'S ON SALE!)"
76561198073028726,Recommended,393380,30524802,Posted: 15 March,all,TastyHamSandwich,Fun game.
76561198237944820,Recommended,393380,30662281,Posted: 21 March,all,B1ACK_B1SHOP,Game is awesome !
,Recommended,393380,30664836,Posted: 22 March,all,Starce,"This game rocks. If you're into war simulations, give this a try. Picture Red Orchestra, but with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ more teamwork."
76561198053290408,Recommended,393380,30693505,Posted: 23 March,all,RyuVista,"Very realistic combat simulator while still remaining fun and accessible to new players like any video game should be. I definitely recommend this game if you are a fan of military sims, fps games, or just multiplayer games in general."
76561198077246581,Recommended,393380,30717891,Posted: 24 March,all,Duke,9.1 Has ♥♥♥♥ed the game up for me no I keep getting EAC kicked....WTF!Really gutted I love this game but I cant play it now ;(
,Recommended,393380,30891038,Posted: 1 April,all,JRawL Farmskins.com,lots of fun if u want a realistic military shooter
,Recommended,393380,29052043,Posted: 5 January,all,Timmy,LOVE IT
,Recommended,393380,29198077,Posted: 11 January,all,Spartan201128,"Really fun if you know how to play. This game requires a lot of teamwork, and if you don't  have a mic don't bother playing. My only complaint is that the graphics appear to be bugged. I more that meet the minimum recommended specs, with 16gb of RAM, an i5 4690k, and a GTX 1060 6gb. Yet somehow the frame rate struggles to remain at a constant 60, dipping to the 40s. It's not a huge issue, seeing as the game is very slow paced, but I would like the game to run smoothly. Other than that it's brilliant."
,Recommended,393380,29296668,Posted: 16 January,all,OctoMoose,"Single best modern day shooter out there at the moment.Does everything that the description promises, a tactical squad based shooter where the focus is not in the individual but in the group as a whole.I've always loved and hated Battlefield series, and this game is the step up from the chaotic and frantic battles that series had. While it may be boring to watch, I promise you. The game has your heart beating fast every second you're even near a firefight.This is due to following reasons:AUDIO-The game audio is absolutely fantastic. Gunshots echoing in the distance sound imho better than anything in battlefield where it is filled with surplus noise. The simple near miss of a bullet whirring and snapping past your head is enough to send shivers down one's spine. You hear the snap long before the gunshot itself and this alone leads to a horrifying tension that any second somebody could've already killed you without you even knowing it. This speed of sound delay and fairly closely authentic sound design is a masterpiece in sending the proper ambiance to the battlefield.Especially when you've hit the deck after that near miss and you're crawling under fire hoping to your dear life you won't get shot.VISUALS-While not comparable to Battlefield series, it is still a fantastic game to look at and delivers a great set of battlefields. The effects themselves are beautiful and to me, they look quite realistic which only add to the overall feel of the game.Once again I draw comparison to Battlefield game series where everything from maps to explosions looks like a hollywood blockbuster film. This game looks visually less cluttered and real, and you know that everything you see can be fatal, from shrapnel from explosions to bullet tracers. Again, this brings a lot of tension to the table. Seeing that puff of dust kicked by an explosion? Probably a teammate got himself blown to the afterlife.GAMEPLAY-Single most important piece of this game is the successful feel of killing the heroes. What has made me hate Battlefield series is the overabundance of vehicles, everybody jumping off moving airplanes to rpg others mid air to hijack another plane. It's pure ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, and anybody who even attempts to drive a Humvee like it was BF is gonna get themselves shot in an instant, and this punishes the team since it means that's one less humvee for a good 20 minutes time, everybody hates those wannabe heroes for wasting assets and tickets. It's honestly beautiful. Everything in this game revolves around teamplay. Vehicle assets act great at supporting infantry elements and vice versa. Squads working together, one defending a fallback point from enemies trying to disrupt backlines to two squads attacking a hostile point while one flanks behind. If people cooperate as squads, it is the single most satisfying feeling I've ever had in a video game.Weapons recoil properly leading to single shots being by far the most common firemode. It is great that not everybody is spraying and praying like no tomorrow.This game is not Arma either, but it is the perfect middle ground for tactical military shooters. What makes it feel arcadey are the spawn points, but that's just a minor complaint.To address some concerns you might have:""The game looks boring, just walking for 15 minutes and dying without ever even having a chance to fire back! No thanks""Yes, the game can look boring from the outside, but when you're controlling the character itself, it is intense as hell. Kills are not handed to you on a platter like they are in most other video games. Even if you begin taking fire, a good smoke screen can, and will save your life letting you retaliate and think about your options.""The game is in early alpha""Indeed it is, but the devs are implementing new features at a steady pace, and the performance has seen a great big boost over the last few months. Trust me, this project is worth supporting for.An absolute must buy if you're into modern shooters where teamwork is paramount to survival and success."
76561198272011162,Recommended,393380,29327691,Posted: 17 January,all,Foxy,"I love this game so I'll try to be as unbiased as possible. This is not really a run and gun game athough firefights can be very intense. Squad leans in the direction of heavy role play but your sure to get some lone wolfs in the mix and good team comp leads to victory. The US Marines are pretty much the only force that has weapon sights for evey infanry slot. If you are playing as the Milita, Insurgants or the RU there are only around 4  slots that include sights which are the marksmen and riflemen slots. This is done in order to close in the engagements and I'm fairly certian this will not change in the future.Things I'd like to see happen in the future:* Canadian Army vs Taliban* ♥♥♥♥in BULLET PROOF HUMVEE WINDOWS or at least simi resistant (edit+added)* Intigration of different weather ....like rain(added)* More low light maps* Oldschool NVR for low light maps ( This would only be balanced in cases with certian factions)* IED's and Claymore mines ( maybe with a alt demo class)(added)* JDAM (just kidding)Initial pros/cons+ Optomized+ Skill based+ Class system+ Map size's+ Objective gameplay+ Graphics+ Clean hit box+ Sound+/- Communication based game (In my opinion this is good)- ADS with iron sights takes some time to get used to; if at all- Some issues with vehicles taking random damage at times"
,Recommended,393380,29493561,Posted: 25 January,all,dogoxin,Great team based combat and fun realistic shooter. Gameplay is somewhere between Arma and Battlefield.
,Recommended,393380,29498235,Posted: 26 January,all,Nomad,"Very realistic game, though not personally to my own tastes. I'll start off by listing with is good about the game then move on to my own gripes with the game.Pros:-Weapons feel very nice and ahve a good sound to them.-The radio system used is a very nice touch since not very many games have communications between squads that is actually efficient.- Maps are large enough and have a good look and feel to them, you don't feel as if you're walking everywhere but it isn't a two minute walk to the next objective either- Vehicles play a very nice role in the game as they feel powerful and effective if player right since even the more armored APC's can go down in a few well placed AT rounds or RPG'sCons: Now keep in mind that these are my own personal gripes with the games which won't really matter to some people as they are interested in different things in a game :3-Main complaint I have is how the character moves, the movement doesn't feel very fluid and has, to me, a noticable delay for most actions. While I know this is to simulate realism, personal expereince in similar situations (I.E. Paintball and airsoft) makes it an annoyance when my character is killed because he couldn't dive for cover.- Some of the guns have odd behaviors, where the damage of a round between burst fire and semi is different when it should be the same, the weapon doesn't  magically change its calibur of round.-There is a very noticable lack of varity to weapon attachments, when chosing your loadout, you have a choice between a rifle with no sight attached or one with a simple red dot sight on it. For me this is annoying as I have always preferred a sight with a small amount of magnification like an ACOG or something similar.Overall this game is a fun one but doesn't really cater to my tastes specifically. If you ahve the money I'd recommend picking it up as the communication within your squad is better than any other I've seen in a long time."
76561198130347901,Recommended,393380,29581174,Posted: 30 January,all,Neevs - H1Z1swap.com,"After playing Squad on an off for a couple of months I've really sat down and put alot more time into the game in the last week or two. All in all Squad is single-handedly the best gaming community I've ever had the pleasure of playing with.If it's from goofing around or being the most tatical gameplay ever Squad hands down always leaves me with a smile. Yes you get angry, yes you wanna rage and quit but the game draws you back in every time. The sounds are absolutely perfect, Amazing scenery, Beautiful textures and smooth gameplay. For this game to be in the alpha stage it's an all around great game and the Devs just keep adding more and more solid content. I highly recommend squad if you are looking for an all around great Mil Sim game. Like every game there are the bad seeds but 99% of the server admins will get rid of those people which just makes the game 300 times better. If you are on the edge about getting Squad then you for sure need to purchase it and experience the gameplay for yourself. 10/10 recommend."
76561198025392637,Recommended,393380,29585464,Posted: 30 January,all,bugsandy,"I wish the developer also did game like this on other theme like WW2, Vietnam War or others because I truly love realistic game like this!   10/10 Medic here! Don't panic!!!"
76561198183868605,Recommended,393380,29620732,Posted: 31 January,all,Mike,Do it.
76561198131980910,Recommended,393380,29766823,Posted: 7 February,all,Smiling,"Awesome game! Keeps me coming back for the super realistic game which not many games offer especially as good as this one, ARMA and this game a both really fun but different in this game is more game mode centered rather than custom servers but still very good.Some severs do other special events and make the game very fun, also can be developed since its only early alpha."
76561198095184246,Recommended,393380,29859657,Posted: 11 February,all,MrUzi77,"The game is great. First off its techincally an Early Acess game, and the level that it is at so far is amazing. I cannot wait to see what is in storefor the uture!!!! Way better than any COD or Battelfield multiplayer."
,Recommended,393380,29860018,Posted: 11 February,all,Fight-Ur-Fight,this game is so much fun but they really need to keep updating it
,Recommended,393380,29933373,Posted: 14 February,all,[2.FJg]SeaOfSerenity-Sldt,"I have been playing this game since it was first on steam. And i have seen the progress that has been made as well. If you were looking for a fast paced shooter and hoping for that sick K/D and getting Mt. Dew XP. Don't bother reading.The Devs are some of the most resonsive i've seen on an EA game in ages. They have a plan and are sticking to it. Game Runs great on Intel Machines right now with AMD lacking but they have addressed it and it is steadily getting better. i've tried playing something else other then squad, but other fps' games dont do it for me anymore. you have to actually communicate. If you're looking for a team based fps with a good community thats willing to help new players learn you have found a gem. 11/10 would get BTR stuck again."
,Recommended,393380,20382947,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Yeti™,"You need to have a fairly good computer to run this game, even on low settings my PC struggles with it. It's stock besides the graphics card (2047MB NVIDIA GeForce GT 730 (EVGA)) Going to have to return and hope they accept it. Literally can't play it with the FPS I get.. Looked like a great game, sure it is. Just can't run it."
76561198032900161,Recommended,393380,20468751,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Penny,The game is kinda pricy but it is great fun.
,Recommended,393380,26565280,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Cybernator,Amazing game!Do you like to have teammates to cooperate with you?? THEN GET THIS ♥♥♥♥KKING GAME!Recommend fps players to play this game! (Except for cod players)Overall the game has some downs but it is still early access game!WORTH THE BUY??? HELL YES!!!!
76561198349492099,Recommended,393380,31287740,Posted: 21 April,all,Mrkitty074,"Im a HUGE battlefield fan, so when i tried this...AMAZING. It has the teamwork, stradegy, and realism of battlefield, but wayyy better. I highly recommend this to anybody looking for a military simulator."
76561197998197068,Recommended,393380,32321961,Posted: 10 June,all,Demo Morselli,"One of the best wargames on steam. A perfect mix between realism, good graphics and fun."
76561198059632337,Recommended,393380,26593465,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,BlackMetal Sheriff,This is nothing like a ''normal'' shooter. This is a modern war simulator; it's still in Alpha and it's awesome.
76561198158328361,Recommended,393380,26593622,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Markoanator808,"Its a much easier game to get in to then arma3 or 2 nut its hard venry hard to master.its fairly easy to get in a game,(its worth for an alpha game."
,Recommended,393380,26593812,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,PrIce,Walking Simulator 2016RIP my time
,Recommended,393380,28236594,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Millimeter Peter,"I'll happily off myself the day they add suicide vests to this game, enhancing the ALLAHU AKBAR experience."
76561198190373487,Recommended,393380,28245080,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,COMPOUND STONEYZ,"""PLEASE HELP ME"" my dll.runtime was some how deleted from my game ? i've verified cashe on files all where good, i tried deleting all and reinstall ans still nothing even reinstalled visual 2015 unreal (64x) still no run time."
76561198067650641,Recommended,393380,28281553,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Darwin,"You don't know fear in video games until you and you're squad are pinned down under gunfire and backup is 5 minutes out.Pros: -Extremely satisfying sound design. With nice speakers or headset this game sounds like you're in a real war.-Surprisly simple despite high realism. The learning curve isn't steep as long as you aren't squad leader.-Great graphics.-Absolutely massive maps.-Great community. Tons of helpful and friendly players.-Tons of people playing this game.Cons: -I experienced a couple crashes, but it's alpha so who cares.-I think some interface features could be redesigned to be more straight forward and easy to understand.If you've had any interest in a realistic military simulation, but ARMA seems hard to get into. Get this."
76561198145497996,Recommended,393380,28286100,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,MAGGOT,"Squad is the best ♥♥♥♥ing game ive played because its so emersive and once you start a game you really get in to it andcan make you scared at times and can make you feel badass or can even make feel like your under alot of pressure if you are leading a big squad and its all up to you and if you give one bad order you've ♥♥♥♥ed your whole squad over and that is what i love about squad aswell♥♥♥♥♥the realistic sounds and the visual effects and the scenery. you will lovw squad if you are into military stuff or like tactical games like Arma, Squad is defenetly a game you should think about getting its one of the best game purchases ive made."
,Recommended,393380,28291052,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,ebrathwaite,great game defanitly worth you money
76561198079475971,Recommended,393380,28291843,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Dr.Jan-Itor [FnF],"I remember first hearing of Squad while still playing the Project Reality mod for Battlefield 2 and loved every bit of both the mod and this game. However, when I saw it went on sale I thought why not buy it and try it out and I wasnt disapointed, it played, looked, and really just felt like what I had enjoyed with the mod but it has one problem... Good luck to you getting it work. I don't know if its just my system or the early state of the game but its a coin flip as to if it will crash or not when launching and the same deal when joining a server. Its like the game wants to not work but when it does just know that if you loved the Project Reality mod then you'll love this."
,Recommended,393380,28319003,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,You just got NaE nAe'd,greatest balance between realism and pvp
,Recommended,393380,28329580,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Pena-Setä,"Addictive, even if it's lacking content.There's no built in progress system currently, but the progression you make as a team player is rewarding.Totally worth it if you can get a discount."
76561197972940439,Recommended,393380,28334921,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Leodinas,"Your two best weapons are communication and awareness. If you have a good, level-headed squad leader it could mean the difference between an awesome and rewarding game vs. a frustrating and rage-inducing game.There were a few bugs I found over the months, but they go away quickly with regular updates. Personally my awareness is not the greatest... It could be that I am playing on a 17 inch gaming laptop and far away enemies are a few pixels on the screen, but I find great satisfaction in playing as a medic, picking people up as I go, and throwing my gun on auto and firing in the right direction. As time goes on I have become more patient and that patience is rewarded quite well in this game.If you are looking for something else that you can't quite explain... Perhaps you liked CS long ago but find it too quick, or perhaps you like Insurgency but find the community not very friendly and the maps too small, or perhaps you have an Arma game sitting on your playlist but find it daunting to learn and complicated when playing... than perhaps Squad is for you. It takes some great ideas and implements them quite well.Any criticism I have for this game are being addressed in future updates and I am looking forward to see where this game goes… Join me in this anticipation!"
,Recommended,393380,28428555,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,FANTA DEFENDER,"If you are looking for a very fun team based game that feels like a mix between Battlefield, Project Reality, Insugency and Arma then you should get it imminently. Currently it has a few performance problems and quite a few bugs which are to be expected from an alpha. This game has a lot of potential."
76561198253850353,Recommended,393380,28449577,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Necromancer40K,This is an awsome game and I personaly hope that they bring it to xbox and playstaion soon as i can't wait to play it on a more familliar platform. I still enjoy  the game on the pc but mine can just only cope with the intense warfare that this game offers. Thank you for an amazing game and can't wait to see were it goes from here. Keep it up.
76561198065641741,Recommended,393380,28450881,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Mr.Governator,"Squad is a great tactical FPS. In fact one of the best. I love the gameplay and the mechanics. However, I cannot fully reccomend it until they do something more with the AMD CPU's as they are at a significant disadvantage compare to their intel counter parts."
76561198261877323,Recommended,393380,28480708,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,CooL GamminG,I can't play this game it just loads and then i get signed out please fix this for me please!
,Recommended,393380,28582357,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,DrSpiff,great game that is in  early stages. plays very well and staff is responsive. plays as an inbetween to arma and battlefield.
,Recommended,393380,28607148,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Berail,Awesome game!!! I Bought it to check it before the christamas sale and i don't regrate losing some money!! Keep it up devs and can't wait for more updates !! :DPros:-Sounds (OMG sounds are just great)-Need of communication to achive something-Great community-Weapon handling and overall mechanicsCons:-Optimalization but hey its stil alpha-Alpha problems (some minor bugs that are easy to repair (menu shifting buttons don't working etc)
76561198053782632,Recommended,393380,28616750,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,The Professional,"Need coms. Need to work together. Take your time. Slow is smooth, smooth is fast. Not for your garden Variety CoD player."
,Recommended,393380,28617118,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Rat King csgoroll.com,awsome
76561198051628905,Recommended,393380,28651060,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Kaotic Vamp,"Fantastic game so far, loving it. real intense gun fights with 50 cal rockets grenades and all sorts of Sh it going off all around you. really squad focused can't wait to see what they do to it next. hopefully more city maps, the close quarters is stressful, having to look in every door way, window, building and room, so much fun.tip: dont crawl under tables and carts and then crouch or try stand up, you cant lay back down so your stuck there. (personal experiance)  :)"
,Recommended,393380,28676645,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Rob the Knob,This game is insurgency with much slower paced gameplay and awesome community. You soon learn to stick with your squad get this game and add me.
,Recommended,393380,28686490,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Jew Guy,Better than arma 3 according to 3 of my friends
,Recommended,393380,21190003,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,wammi_K,"""Shoot your guns in the air for Allah"" he said. ""But we're Russian"" I said. Next thing you know I'm on the ground dead from friendly fire."
,Recommended,393380,21198897,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Misguided Penis,"Played Medic... everyone kept shouting ""MEDIIIC!""11/10"
,Recommended,393380,21240310,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,BEEV,This is a great game I would recommend this to anyone who likes realistic fps games.
,Recommended,393380,21242514,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Billythekid88,"Awesome, can't wait till it improves even more."
,Recommended,393380,21244816,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,KernelSanders93,"I'm not the person to write reviews but this game made me write one.First off, this game is simply amazing. The graphics are awesome for an early access game and the mechanics in my experience are just phenomal. Being able to talk locally, or on squad radio, or with other squad leaders is just a feature you can't beat. This game is very tactical and not for your typical COD player. The price is a little high for an early access game and probably scares some people away. However, do yourself a favor a break open a piggy bank and buy this game! The Dev team is very dedicated to this game, just as the fans and gamers alike. I am super excited to see what new things come into play as this continues to develop. Everyone says AMD struggles with this game because of optimization with the UE4. I use a Fx-6300 and GTX 750TI 2GB OC GPU and I play just fine. Just take the leap and buy this game!"
76561198117836888,Recommended,393380,21355771,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Dr.Zika,My Toaster can barely run it and I still love it60 out of 10would play on 800x600 graphics again
76561198114092457,Recommended,393380,21370117,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Maddi_Jane,I paid 40 bucks for a walking simulator10/10
,Recommended,393380,21441299,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,bubbles,^^^
76561198067210669,Recommended,393380,21632907,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Drippy,"Played for 11 hours, got PTSD and is in insaaaane asylummmmmm// nowdwandopaw"
76561198046863204,Recommended,393380,21645313,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Perri The Platypus,"so i came into my first game of Squad and i was playing as some good ol insurgents. we sat on top of a hill as our men built bunkers and sandbags trying to defend our FOB. i heard so many people screaming into their mics ""ALLAHU ACKBAR"" this whole time (it went on for about a half hour). we sat on that hill while spraying our AK-74s and shooting our RPGs at nothing. we eventually were all teamkilled by an idiot who threw a grenade and bounced back off the bunker post. this game is probably the msot realistic modern war game ive ever played.10/10 would get teamkilled by allah grenades again"
76561198015446601,Recommended,393380,21675548,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,GSGT_Hartman,Pretty good for an alpha..Cant wait for vehicles....
76561198029078634,Recommended,393380,21741784,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Eat My Bullets,Looks pretty good for an ALPHA. Full game will look amazing! Just buy it before the price goes up when its completed.
76561198136061255,Recommended,393380,21756564,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,CzarCrzy,"GREAT TACTICAL SHOOTER WITH A HEAVY EMPHASIS ON TEAM WORK! I Highly recomend this game to anyone looking for a realistic military shooter, but dont want to bother with the complicated controls in arma 3!"
76561197995526331,Recommended,393380,21757307,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Feta,remind me project reality but better ! already like it :)
76561198055801246,Recommended,393380,21760416,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,BulletStryker,"Recommended if you like teamwork.... and randomly dying from an unknown location..again and again......and again!!12 months on from my first review above annnndddddd..... I am still playing this more than anything else! Can be frustrating without good organisation and team work, but when it all clicks it is great fun!! Look forward to more and more updates!"
76561198079735293,Recommended,393380,21841734,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Bobby Brown,"Its like Heroin but without all that needle mess.The Decision to buy this was very hard for me.The Price is kinda insane for Early Access and if i look into my Library i see DayZand suddenly i have a bad feeling about Early Access.First, if you are not sure if it runs well or just doubt in general, buy it and try it out.(under 2 hour playtime, you can refund it).So my first Game was basically sitting on a Mountaintop and trying to shoot or see the enemy on another Mountaintop, ye well the most exciting thing was to build a Base together with the team and try to change the Situation to one where not everyone of us dies straight away. It is sooo hard to see enemies over a distance.For me this Game seems to be most fun if you defend and build a base, of course.Exactly that happened in my second Game.I joined a German server and played in a german squad, everybody was working together and it was fun. We secured a Compound and prepared to defend, there they came...Dont try to shoot an RPG through a Doorway, might get TKs for that xD... while trying to apologize to the remains of my Teammates, i was trying to bring down some nice RPG fire on those enemies closing in from two Directions. We cant go on the rooftops. We cant peek. We try to fortify us with more Sandbags. I hide behind a Wall in the middle of our Compound, a Medic runs up to me to get some healing done. I look at him, a young boy maybe 18, he shows no fear, he does his best as a Medic.Suddenly a read cloud, noooooo Jimmy !!!!! he gets shot ! an enemy made it through one of the side entrances.I hide behind the same Wall, reload my RPG and peek out.Click! There it flys right into his Face, i see his body flying to the left.I look at Jimmy. The squadleader shouts to hold the position. I get my AK out and run to the uncovered spot where the enemy broke through. R.I.P JimmyI have a GTX970 so i cant talk about the supposed AMD problem. It runs quite well and i experienced no big sudden FPS drops. But i heard that the Serverlocation -> Ping does affect your FPS.Overall i can recommend this Game after my first Session today. The long Range visibility Problem is annoying, but you just cant change that on such big Maps, not seeing enemies is also kinda realistic. This aint no COD baby."
76561197962977641,Recommended,393380,21863973,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Chunk3r,Well done Offworld.Mid 2015 MBP/Windows 10. Settings on medium/high smooth gameplay no issues.
,Recommended,393380,21930588,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Ian Brown,"I have not spent much playing this game yet, but from what i've realised is that this game is amazing. The game looks great and runs well for me (with a 980 ti and a i5 6600K at 4.5 Ghz and I get 55-65 fps all the time at max settings, I've heard AMD cpu's have optimization issues, but they will be fixed). The sounds is this game are extremely real. The teamwork in this game is awesome (unless you get in a squad with 10 year olds which is rare, and tactics are really important. When vehicles get added in which won't be long from now, will hopefully make the game even better. I know im missing out a crap ton of stuff, but yeah, its amazing from my 40 or so hours of playing."
76561198039312645,Recommended,393380,21982583,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Twister,"This is my first review of a game on steam in the five year's I have been on it...That's how good this stuff is.Currently the game is in alpha, but there is more fun to be had on it than most of your AAA titles.Let me explain to you my first experince in squad...>spawns in with a rag on my head..>see whole team shooting AK47s into the air screaming ""ALLAHU AKBAR!"">squad leader tells us we will be giving our lives for allah today, but not to worry, the virgins await..>squad lead takes us to a hilltop and orders us to build defenses..>next thing I know all hell is breaking loose..>bombs raining down>bullets wizzing by>at this point im completly immersed...the sounds...the graphics..top notch $#@!>this goes on for almost a full 45 mins..>never got a kill>never saw the enemy..>never have I had so much fun on an online FPS : )"
76561198076249583,Recommended,393380,22050792,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,WidowMaker666,"So basically, this game is a realistic FPS based around team work. In my opionion it does an incredible job of providing that realistic, team based, FPS experience that a lot of us are looking for. The controls are simple, there are no ridiculous perks or crazy weapon attachments that will some how make you better. It is just you, your team mates and your gun. And you work together to accomplish the tasks set out per the game mode.For those of you who are wondering if you need a mic to play this game, I would say no, you dont need one, however it is better to have one so that you can communicate better with your team. Without a mic you basically just follow the order of your squad leader and that is about it.In essence,  a realistic FPS game that is based around team work. A no nonsense game. Easy to play, simple mechanics, and pretty fun. It can get pretty intense sometimes but that just makes the experience better."
,Recommended,393380,28237819,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Deoxir,"I had absolutely no idea what I was doing, but the atmosphere is definitely there. Recommended for anyone who likes hardcore milsim/ tactical shooter."
,Recommended,393380,28280005,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,[A.E.] Voalik,How do you play?
,Recommended,393380,28280136,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,MrCanada,Great game
,Recommended,393380,28291464,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,dudeGUYdudeperson,"Best fps tactic game ever! If you enjoy battlefield, Arma, or rainbow 6 you will certainly enjoy this game. I've had a great time so far and I can't wait to see what they add! Not only that, I've had a great time with my brother and friends, running for our lives, returning fire, and just being plain silly. Not to mention its not even the full game! I hope they add air vehicles and more classes. Aww man, now I want to go play it."
76561198086348027,Recommended,393380,28291988,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,☭ Aleksovich Crow,"I've been playing this game for a while and I sincerely love this game, one of my favorites on Steam. But the number one thing i have a problem with is the damage one the SVD.  I play Marksman alot and i feel inclined to say I am not all that bad, but it makes it difficult that my favourite weapon takes 3-4 shots to kill someone, when the SASS takes about 2.  The SVD chambers a 7.62x54R.  The same as a Mosin Nagant and we all know the mosin can easily shoots through a brick wall from 100 meters, but the SVD can't kill a person with one shot in the neck at  point blank range. I belive some of these weapons (SVD included) need to have higher or lower damage, depending on the gun and what it chambers."
76561198039428742,Recommended,393380,28300252,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Skeg,Great game to play in between the many twitchy FPS. Get used to the normal world of squad combat.
,Recommended,393380,28307557,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,SoapNBanana,"seriously, this game is as amazing as its community, its players are really friendly and polite and the gameplay, well, watch out Arma 3 !!!"
,Recommended,393380,28353269,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Infowars Super Male Vitality,"Finally, a real spiritual successor to Red Orchestra! Realistic, squad-based combined-arms combat, not too buggy. The community's pretty good too, very few kids or♥♥♥♥♥♥head teenagers.It's early-access done right. When I started playing a year or so ago, there were fewer features, but it was fun and playable. As they added features, they kept the game fun and playable, with no major bugs for the most part appearing with each new release, and they've added vehicles and fixed machine gun emplacements since then. It just keeps getting better!"
76561198055357540,Recommended,393380,28390750,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Potstickers,"If you liked project reality or any FPS that brings both realism and teamwork to a game, this is the game for you.Pros:- Guns feel unqiue when firing- Handling guns feels immersive af- No bunny hoping or moving side to side and firing accurately- Explosives are really explosives- Check the Squad website and development section, it's really amazing what's coming- Realism i.e: You can't go full auto and expect to hit someone- No health regen, you bleed out and have to patch up or find a medic- Unqiue roles i.e, automatic rifleman, anti-tank, medic etc. (Have unique valuable use)- Big maps (feels like a battlefield)- Plenty of action with the feel of realism-You're not going to go 40-5 unless in a HMMV with a good driver and amazing gunner- Building bases and fortifications against enemiesCons:- Not enough servers populated/ open ometimes (new developing game)- Need system to vault walls and 3 ft. fences... (coming)- Still in development but has a bright futureIf anything, this is my first review for a game, and I've played lots of good games like Skyrim, KOTOR etc. I took the time to give this game a review because it's amazing how much is put into the game and how much is coming (in development). I wouldn't necessarily buy for full price (like I did), maybe wait for a sale on a holiday, i.e week."
,Recommended,393380,28437933,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,peanut,I'm addicted to this damn game. Imagine all your dreams as a 7 year old playing GI joes coming true and you got Squad.
76561198066508250,Recommended,393380,28438745,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,General Alex,"This game can be very enjoyable or it can be very frustrating.  If you enjoy ARMA or the Battlefield games I would definetly recommend this game as it seems like the next logical step. The level of actual teamwork and tactics can vary between matches but on the whole, most people seem to know what they are doing or are eager to learn how. It can and will go wrong and will leave you feeling very helpless as you watch your team lose one point after another. It will also feel ♥♥♥♥ing amazing when your Squad clears a whole compound with no casualties, or sets off a perfect ambush, or when the whole team launches a concentrated assault. Its takes a real team effort to do well, and with random internet people, that can be difficult. Which makes it all the more satisfying when you win.As for the actual game mechanics themselves, it can feel clunky and awkward using some of the vehicles or heavy weaponry, even getting rifle rounds on target and range can be difficult. Part of that is intentional realism, but the game still has alot of bugs that they are working on ironing out.Watch some gameplay footage on Youtube if you really want to see what it's like.I give it a 9/10."
,Recommended,393380,28210301,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Bordermex,"War is hell, by extension, this game is a very accurate simulation of hell."
,Recommended,393380,28212486,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,NY_Islander_24,"I just gotta start, I've never written a review for a game prior to this. But this game... is so freaking incredible. Most of my hours were put in almost 6 months ago (away from home, other wise I would've played every day!), and that was all even before V6, before emplaced machine guns even came in. The game was incredible then, and the progress the devs have made, is unparalled to the other EA games I've experienced. You're not gonna enjoy this game if you're looking for a run n' gun, call a duty type game. There's alot of boring times in the game, and it was a little bit of a learning curve. But the good times... are fantastic, honestly I have no words, the atmosphere and the experiences are just top notch.However, what is even better then the game, is the community. Without the community, Squad wouldn't be what it is. People are almost always eager to help the new people learn and I've seen very little ""Xbox Live"" type toxicity in game. Even out of game, the community is a strong, especially on the forums and the subreddit. People are always posting ideas to improve the game, gameplay videos of firefights they want to share. And the Devs comment on almost everything people post, letting us now whats going on, listening and bouncing ideas around.Inredible game with fantastic gameplay, with an even greater communtiy, and a set of devoted Devs. Don't let getting stuck with a less then perfect Squad Lead on your first couple games turn you away. Stick around for a while, you'll become addicted, like the rest of us.10/10 game with a 12/10 community"
76561197971055672,Recommended,393380,28451164,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Kelevra,A mix between ARMA and Insurgency.A tad smaller than the first one and bigger that the last.really good stuff. Still in Alfa but already good content wise.The squad gamplay is great.If you play Arma and / or Insurgency you will love it !
,Recommended,393380,28606018,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Lewis,"It sounds like a winning blend to me. I’ve always found Arma a little over-encumbered with the fussiness of its many possibilities; the effort to account for a huge breadth of interaction undercuts the ease and finesse of any one experience. Meanwhile, recent Battlefield games – partly a victim of their own success – have veered further towards run-n-gun fun without the time or space for the articulation of strategy. Squad, I think, does a decent job of straddling the middle-ground, even though many features, like vehicles and reliably operable deployment interfaces, are yet to be implemented. Weapons behave with supposed realism (I wouldn’t know) but downed colleagues can be relatively easily revived. Strategy emerges from the game’s particular approach to squad-spawning: squad leaders have to build spawn points to ensure that your frontline is fed with a regular supply of new bodies. These dissolve when contested, preventing teams from simply dropping a gunman-spewing spawn-point on the enemy’s doorstep and meaning that the spawn points need to be placed with some considerable thought: close enough to the fray that they give your forces forward momentum, but not so close that any loss of ground will wipe them from the field. Of course, different squads will have to coordinate their strategies to good effect, pincering enemies or driving at a single point en masse.Discounting the (not terribly instructive) training mode, there are three types of match. Advance and Secure, in which the two teams are engaged in a tug of war over a linear sequence of capture points, will be familiar to Battlefield players. It, like its analogue in Battlefield, runs on a ticket system, whereby the teams exhaust a finite number of respawns. Then there’s Insurgency, which sets one team on the hunt to destroy five weapons caches, the locations of which are only revealed as you kill enemies. The other team wins by either protecting these caches for the time limit or depleting the tickets of the opposing team. The final mode sees the US forces try to capture a number of locations in any order – which are then permanently in their possession. The defenders must dig in and try to outlast the assault."
76561197967421109,Recommended,393380,28686840,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,kabbi,Nothing like COD from my experience. There is an actual front line that forms with the amount of players there are and the Squad Leader communications system they use. I loved this in actual gameplay and simulation but there are those moments you just get lost in the wilderness and you don't know where anyone is before getting sniped. It really does take a lot more patience to get into this game than your average shooter. However it's very rewarding from the co-operative aspects and battle like simulations where it just takes a shot and you're down.
,Recommended,393380,28740101,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,CATTACK,Easily the most fun and friendliest group of people in a game like this. Bought is and have been on for about 8hrs straight now.
,Recommended,393380,28742871,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Spookie NiggEE,Love the gamethough as a person with no mic....if you don't have one just play as medic if you cantrust me.....I'd think this game in a different time would be super cool
76561198113273848,Recommended,393380,28767761,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,HappyRoller,Great game if you like realitic shooter games
76561197993065396,Recommended,393380,28860409,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,venusius,"The game is very promising. Still have some polishing to do but it's still in Alpha, and yet it's already shaping up to be a very good game. It's quickly becoming one of my fave online multiplayer FPS."
76561198036993828,Recommended,393380,28962116,Posted: 2 January,all,For The Emperor,"Squad is perhaps the most intense and realstic shooter there is, the makers of Battlefield Project Reality have done a really great job with this game as it is right now. It can only get better if you are a fan of hardcore military combat then this is the game for you. The community is all very nice everyone is friendly and is willing to help you learn the game if needed but the devs kind of already got that covered they show you the controls right off the bat.  I will also say this a mic is not needed however it makes the game more immersive and enjoyable. Buy this game you will not regret it."
76561198126976003,Recommended,393380,29020689,Posted: 4 January,all,m.periokas,This is exactly what i was looking for. In this game killing Only teamwork wins. Players who only look for kills loose ..
76561198066870364,Recommended,393380,29047232,Posted: 5 January,all,Dante_DK,"One of the best team based shooters I've played. Excellent team and tactical play. Great community. Worth the money.I'm running the game on medium settings, due to my old pc, but I still do get caught up in the enviroment. High graphics look great - on youtube. Directional sounds are excellent, when bullets start flying or strafing the ground close, the *thumb* of explosives close. Setting up a firebase to cover a valley or rushing straight in to capture an area.Around 30-40 men teams in 9 man squads on each side. Everything seem well balanced, even when you get completely overrun by a better playing opponent it can still be a fun and strategic round."
76561197978193519,Recommended,393380,29058100,Posted: 6 January,all,NiBuN,"Got recommended to SQUAD by a friend of mine. As we are both fans of realistic shooters, I was immediatly hooked to it. The DEV's are continously updating the game and integrating new features. If big maps and realism are your musthaves, this is the game!"
,Recommended,393380,29196724,Posted: 11 January,all,Mr.SelfDestruct,Great game as long as you can work with others and are tactically minded. Since it is in alpha things are missing but it is really fun for what content they do have.  I have not ran into any major bugs yet.
76561198021654366,Recommended,393380,28742593,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,SamRothstein,Ever wish ARMA and Battlefield had a child?  It's name would be Squad.This game is really headed in the right direction.
76561198142908152,Recommended,393380,28770276,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Orion Autoparts™,You know it's a good game when it gives you PTSD9/10
76561198254435778,Recommended,393380,28849828,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,CliqueBoi,"well i just downloaded this game , and its 4 am ...."
,Recommended,393380,28855111,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Dr. Preposterus Ballpoint Pen,I absolutely love this game. Everything about it makes the experience amazing. I plan on spending even more time in this game.
,Recommended,393380,28950186,Posted: 2 January,all,Fryepod,"(Alpha8.0)So squad is a pretty cool tactical shooter, it's combined a decent pace, remincent of the pre BF3 era with what players look for in games like Arma. Less hud, use of compass for navigation, in game VoIP co-operation. (the in game voice service is actually really rather good for this point in development)So yes, if you came in looking for a little more ""tactical"" shooter this is a game for you.-My only two con's from Squad:IMO, Squad doesn't need much more than what it's already offering. The biggest thing in mind would be charcter reaction to suppression or direct hits. (Your charcter may duck his head down a bit while running then coming into contanct with fire even though you aren't techinically in crouch) This animiantion+hitbox movmemnt would make Squad much less ""Bot"" like in that sense. CQC in Squad generally comes down to two people stnading face to face and shooting first while stading up complelety still, no reaction or movement from lifeless characters.The second Con is the price. I got on sale and i suggest the same. I would believe this game is too expensive at this stage to compare or compete with your itch for a grand-scale FPS. 25$ is absolutley reasonable for this game, 40 is a little over the top."
,Recommended,393380,28983513,Posted: 3 January,all,Hyde,So this game is good btw
,Recommended,393380,29417378,Posted: 22 January,all,Crackers,"I Orginally played Battle field 3 and 4 which revolved around team work *cough*, then i moved to Insurgancy for move hardcore arcade like games.Squad is the best Hardcore team based game out there. But be warned Team based work can bite you hard in the♥♥♥♥♥if you dont play nice or you get a bad team. It is very satisfying if you win!"
,Recommended,393380,29418979,Posted: 22 January,all,D.Morok,"Like all milsims, you will be lost at start, dont know what to do and whats going on.But with time and good squadleader you will be getting into squad.Coordination, Tactic and team cover."
,Recommended,393380,29425052,Posted: 22 January,all,iBuyPowerfulVibes,The game is beautiful and the sounds are well done. Vehicles seem to work just fine and guns are realistic.
,Recommended,393380,29473883,Posted: 24 January,all,Zavodd,"This game has given me more jump scares, than any horror games have. It has given me more epic moments than any shooter, and I'd say; it's far better than Arma III. The constant suppression from enemy fire, or when you hear an RPG coming right towards you, but you can do anything about it. It's scary. Also, when you sit scared in a shack, and there's dozens of artillery rockets coming down around you, and you hear your teammates scream ""AAAARGH, MAMMA!"". IT'S INTENSE!"
76561198234037052,Recommended,393380,29476181,Posted: 24 January,all,[TAW] HamiltonSlayer,This game is amazing. I would highly recommend this game to gamers of all skills. You will have fun no matter what.
76561198269043775,Recommended,393380,29477779,Posted: 24 January,all,[2.FJg]MadLocoCoco-OLtn,love it!
76561198018409139,Recommended,393380,29496532,Posted: 25 January,all,Lemoney Fishmas,One of the best FPS Ive ever played.  Teamplay or die.  I call for medics in my sleep now.
76561198219668157,Recommended,393380,29578615,Posted: 29 January,all,FREDDDYYY,THE MORE PLAYERS THE BETTER THE GAME
,Recommended,393380,29588340,Posted: 30 January,all,giuseppe_0204,"si puo giocare a squad su mac ? se si, come devo fare ? grazie"
76561198044875283,Recommended,393380,29589878,Posted: 30 January,all,Whiskey726,"I LOVE THIS GAME! !If you are the ""lone wolf"" that always ♥♥♥♥s around doing your own thing, then this game is NOT for you.This game teaches you to work together as a team. You don't just think about/for yourself, but about your teammates.Communication is very important in this game."
,Recommended,393380,29632710,Posted: 1 February,all,trashboi,"Amazing game honestly, better then Arma as it looks to me and you just have such an immersive and fun time on this game and the community is amazing. Highly recommend!"
76561197975700049,Recommended,393380,27195988,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TacoBender,Very nice TEAM based fps simulator.
,Recommended,393380,27207915,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bonestriker,"This game is a natural successor to  Battlefield mod Project Reality.To get the best out of this game:1. Have a Microphone.2. Join a Squad on the team3. Ask the Squad Leader what role he/she wants for the Squad4. Follow the Squad Leaders instructions and report enemy sightings with a compass direction5. Ask how to do something if you don't know, most Squad leaders are verterans of the game and are happy to help new players6. Learn to use single shot mode on the Weapons for more kills at mid to long range.7. Don't GIVE UP after being shot when a medic is nearby as they can get you back into the fight without that death being counted against you or the team.8. And lastly have some fun and remember this game is still an ALPHA and is not fully complete, there are still some bugs around."
,Recommended,393380,27218403,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Aj.Lars,"This Game is great. I was used to being patient with games like ArmA where you just sit and wait, but with Squad, you are always in the fight."
76561198151814913,Recommended,393380,27224939,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bonomet,Good game for an alpha stage very pleasant to play ( even better when you have good and serious teammate).Still some problem with the optimisation of the game im sure they can do better.Dont buy it if you are an exited palyer who like to run and shoot everything that is monving you will be quickly disapointed.and last:Be calm and SUPPRESIVE FIIIREEE
,Recommended,393380,27239271,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Durtwarrior,"Great game. Just need some polish and more features, vehicles and guns."
,Recommended,393380,27386833,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,lancemanon,This game is turning out to be a great tactical squad based military sim. Don't expect to do very well if you don't plan on communicating with a microphone. I can't wait to see what the final game is like.
76561198039186712,Recommended,393380,27388545,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,overlord5209,If your a fan of tactical shooters like arma you should have a great time with this game.
,Recommended,393380,27394994,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SKMD,combine battlefield 4 with arma III = zis guf game
,Recommended,393380,27400389,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,the-fapinator csgobig.com,this game is the perfect game if you like arma 3 and realistic tactical shooters
76561198010207550,Recommended,393380,27411107,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,EFTK. FLyddongpari,"The Best Game that I spent money on so far.You never get bored of this game, action pack with lots of interaction with others.Community is health and positive.Awesome Game."
,Recommended,393380,27697074,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DavidIsACult,I can't write a long review because I can't stop playing!
76561198144900746,Recommended,393380,27697423,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,WarriorWolf3453,This is probably one of the best tactical games I have ever played!
76561198193408838,Recommended,393380,27706589,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Rythex,Very good game even though it's in alpha. Much potential when the game is finished. Worth to buy it.
,Recommended,393380,27745037,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Rado,"One of the best shooters I've ever played, would strongly recommend it to anyone interested in actual teamwork in fps games."
,Recommended,393380,28994566,Posted: 3 January,all,Pillsbury_Doughboy,"Be me, sitting in a small shed defending a point. My team is pinned in the house in front of me and enemy infantry are walking right past me. Mfw I dont have the balls to shoot any of them because of the shell shock I have from an enemy BTR sitting not even seven feet off to my left. If you want intensity and adrenalline, this is your game my friend."
,Recommended,393380,29048598,Posted: 5 January,all,HoodedRobin,"If you like teamwork in a military setting, but this game."
,Recommended,393380,29049039,Posted: 5 January,all,Thraex,"The best way to describe Squad is a blend between the arcade-y feel of Battlefield and the uncomprimising realism of ArmA, though it is a simplification. Squad puts heavy emphasis on communication both within and between individual squads, which can be a flaw as much as the strength of the game. The inability to find a standard level of communication between servers and squads can be frustrating, even making the game unplayable at times. Servers have attempted to inplement rules banning for squad leads for lack of communication, however this seem poorly enforced. That being said, in a good squad and a good team, Squad provides one of the most rewarding experiences gaming I've had. Though it currently lacks the features and the polish of both ArmA and battlefield, as it is still in Alpha afterall, it still feels like a complete game and I would highly reccomend the game if you're willing to deal with all the issues prone to games in Alpha."
76561198165211783,Recommended,393380,29065550,Posted: 6 January,all,BUBBA!!!!!,"Perfect military simulator, find a good squad and more important a good squad leader can bring you to a victory or a defeat.Teamwork are the basics of this game, if you like to run spraing bullets alone this is not the game for you.8/10   The experience change every game you play, but many times is frustrating to play against too much experienced people or too unexperienced ones.....  A good matchamking/ranking system is required in my opinion to provide balanced matches"
76561198357551592,Recommended,393380,29109284,Posted: 7 January,all,harry 954,great game .
76561198084543335,Recommended,393380,29118778,Posted: 8 January,all,HIhitter,WOW!! This is so intense I've ever play
,Recommended,393380,29194265,Posted: 11 January,all,Pasguine,"Confusing at first, but awesome when you get the hang of it, like fingering a girl. Worth the price for sure. Very fun. 10/10."
,Recommended,393380,29196830,Posted: 11 January,all,N.Y.CTrucking{CEO},Really great game
76561198018667323,Recommended,393380,29198008,Posted: 11 January,all,MonsterMasher,"I've put quite a few hours into this game and originally liked it. When vehicles were added, the game was incredibly slow, but now that I've waited a few updates, I'm back to getting 70 fps. Graphically it is pretty nice, and the maps are huge. Getting a confirmed kill is quite exciting and the teamwork aspect is super prevalent so the gameplay is easily rewarding enough to justify not getting any rewards after games. There is a steep learning curve but once you get how the game works, you'll think it's dope."
76561198006717154,Recommended,393380,29216398,Posted: 12 January,all,Subotai,PTSD SIMULATOR
,Recommended,393380,29236450,Posted: 13 January,all,Choomah,i really like really like this game but i think i would enjoy more if the game would be better optimazed
76561198319863456,Recommended,393380,29240636,Posted: 13 January,all,unclebillcracker,Very good tactical shooter with good mechanics and good guns. But they should add the USMC as well as the Army.
,Recommended,393380,29254723,Posted: 14 January,all,F.A.I.T.H.,havent skip a day without playing this game
,Recommended,393380,29257970,Posted: 14 January,all,Pen Pineapple Apple Pen,Best war game out right now. closest thing you'll get to the real thing.
76561198212025388,Recommended,393380,29297540,Posted: 16 January,all,CyanideVerg,its awesome but the running and moving still has weird physics but i cant blame the game its still Alpha
76561198039389182,Recommended,393380,29310317,Posted: 16 January,all,Beesneez,"For those who want controls and fluidity similar to Insurgency, the realism of Arma, built in Voip that works extremely well, unmatched use of teamwork and developers who are actively engaging with the community on reddit, twitter etc...This game is truly special and a great succesor to PR!"
76561198025395202,Recommended,393380,29330139,Posted: 17 January,all,Vozone,"One of the best tactical FPS I've played in a long time. Visuals are incredible, mechanics are tough as nails and the reliance on good teamwork and communication makes it a bit prohibitive to mute players.Heavy firefights get you gritting your teeth as you dig in for cover and hear the bullets snap and whizz by. Knowing if you've killed someone is hard to figure out especially when fights take place along long distances. Keeps getting better with each update."
,Recommended,393380,29337808,Posted: 18 January,all,TPG4MER,"This is the mini ARMA, really its good.But be warned, the first experience you'll have is to die not knowing where it came from or you simply saw a glimpse of the enemy for a split second and tap.. tap.. dead..at times you get confused whether its an enemy or friendly..but the whole damn thing is what makes Squad pretty good. I know I can't compare the magnitude with ARMA, but the gameplay is very tactical, and highly enjoyable when you have cooperating teamates.Roles as medic takes you from stop a friends bleeding and then dressing. Snipers that arent actually super accurate like COD...Maps from greenery to deserts and poppy farms makes you feel like you're one of those movie characters thats about to be ambushed.If you're a military sim type of guy, this is something to try."
,Recommended,393380,29342646,Posted: 18 January,all,Kraken Kitten Cat,"Squad is an exciting game that revolves around communication between players and squads. It is rarely boring, even on the largest maps. It can be very tense when holding points with only a handful of troops, not knowing what the enemy is doing. The only criticisms that I have of this game is how powerful snipers are on large maps (this is realistic but I think they should be nerfed for gameplay reasons) and the limited capacity of servers. I'd rate it 8.5/10."
,Recommended,393380,29344880,Posted: 18 January,all,Dare,Never have I played an FPS that made me hate my teammates so much.8 out of 8 for fratricide.
,Recommended,393380,29497496,Posted: 26 January,all,Bisette,"Came to this from PR and it's definitely a looot easier to understand right off the bat.For those that may not have played PR, it plays kinda like an easier to get into Arma. Easier to get into meaning that most of your character controls feel like they do in most other shooters and that victory is certainly attainble even with entirely PuG squads (which they almost all are).Maps are large enough that logistics is an important thing to take into account, but small enough that its not overwhelming if you're caught at the main base without a transport to the front.Fairly often get really cool encounters that are pretty memorable to me. Even if its an encounter that went south really fast as even losing in Squad is fun.Playerbase is really nice. I, personally, have not come across any toxic people in-game (no clue what the forums are like, probably awful like most forums). Due to how critical communication is players seem to be nice to each other, crack jokes, carry on conversations during downtime, and help people new to the game.Just needs the amount of content PR has and it'll be perfect.PS: You can get by without a mic, but it's so critical to me for I M M E R S I O N that I couldn't imagine playing without talking to my squad."
76561198003774922,Recommended,393380,29514298,Posted: 26 January,all,Felix,"Um dos melhores FPSs que eu ja joguei.Jogo focado em equipe e objs. Pra quem quer sair correndo e fazer kills continue no BF, CS, Siege.Squad é outro nivel."
76561198104648271,Recommended,393380,29578682,Posted: 29 January,all,SkipsterDC,Amazing game. Have been playing it since the beta.
,Recommended,393380,29580735,Posted: 29 January,all,MACHOMAN,"Im addicted. Its extremly realistic, I wish updates were faster and had more content, I wish the game was more optomized aswell. The community is becoming quite toxic with no skill/tking/CoD tactics becoming to norm. I sitll play tho so i guess it isnt that bad. I rate 7/10"
76561198072482742,Recommended,393380,29587817,Posted: 30 January,all,DragoN-龙裔德国®,<3
76561198044120998,Recommended,393380,29591557,Posted: 30 January,all,I_PUNT_BABIES_75,I really do enjoy this game. Very strategic and realistic. I don't do to well but I always have fun while I am playing.
76561197988731348,Recommended,393380,29623258,Posted: 1 February,all,Nasty andy,best game  9-10
,Recommended,393380,29644918,Posted: 2 February,all,iman_hetfield,Best of the best game in the world !!!
76561198277920781,Recommended,393380,29664741,Posted: 3 February,all,YRN_Ommario Hellcase.com,its a great game and is really realistic its mostly based on milsims.
76561198079651185,Recommended,393380,29673147,Posted: 3 February,all,skullviking,Map reading simulator 2017.
,Recommended,393380,29713388,Posted: 5 February,all,Siriusム,Great game! Becoming better and better..
,Recommended,393380,29722590,Posted: 5 February,all,LANCASTER,"Squad, a game I am wondering if the military will buy and use for simulator training...Great graphics, amazing immersion, realism, consistent quality updates...10/10"
76561198043842825,Recommended,393380,29741812,Posted: 6 February,all,[CЯ]F3AR,Hello i approve this gameContent 10/10 for prize its realy nicegameplay 8/10 the strongest score of it is great comunity.graphics 6/10 graphics are not the strongest point of this game bad optimalization for AMD cpu and bad animations (they want to load new ones soo we will see in the future how its workin.)So overal score is 9/10 bad♥♥♥♥♥game wich bring us to real war its better actualy then ArmA for giving more imerse to the combat its dynamic and not clunky like ArmA.Im also project reality player soo belive me this game will be better then mod in bf 2.
76561198007293248,Recommended,393380,29744815,Posted: 6 February,all,Flatline,If you like teamwork and not having your hand held.... This is the game for you!
,Recommended,393380,29781675,Posted: 8 February,all,StupidRetard,:)
76561197997826026,Recommended,393380,29784652,Posted: 8 February,all,midkunak,the best game i played in a long time
,Recommended,393380,29791292,Posted: 8 February,all,Ziggy,"I really enjoy this game.  If you enjoy multiplayer foucsed around teamwork and modern military shooters leanings towards realism(ie ARMA), look no further.  It is worth your money, the development team has been doing a great job in communicating with the community, updating, and fixing issues."
76561198098283933,Recommended,393380,29806493,Posted: 9 February,all,Crabby Rooster,Wonderful game.
,Recommended,393380,29839676,Posted: 10 February,all,cÄaT,In a nutshell this game is insurgency but bigger. End me now. PLEASE KILL ME NOW JUST ♥♥♥♥ING DO IT.Gameplay: it has guns and u shoot thingsA$$ rating: 10/10 us soldier a$$♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Amount of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in game: too manyIs there hitler in this game?:noIs there 4/20 kush to smoke?: yes alot♥♥♥♥♥ ye. 11/10 would buy agian if i could afford another 40 DOLLAR GAME THAT IS IN EARLY ACCEESDWSESEIf you literally need another persons opinion that doesnt matter  to any person in the world to buy a agme u should SHOVE A METAL ROD UP MY...nevermind where were we? If u like Arma than u will like this.
73849589482193216,Recommended,393380,29843362,Posted: 11 February,all,ESPEX,Nice meme
,Recommended,393380,30687749,Posted: 23 March,all,Jewordi ✡,Probably one of the best FPS shooters I've played in my life since BF3 and BF4. Its pretty realistic but is pretty easy to get into. I could play for hours and hours.
76561198176932334,Recommended,393380,30695619,Posted: 23 March,all,Corporal,Thumbs up!
76561198078880495,Recommended,393380,31072138,Posted: 10 April,all,Moose,"This game is incredible.  I have never tried a Mil Sim before and was almost ready to pull the trigger on Arma 3.  All of the dlc’s for Arma 3 put me off.  I saw the free weekend for Squad and jumped right in.I bought the game and I love it.  If you’re interested in strong teamplay, tactics and strategy and realism...this game has them all in spades.  I highly recommend this game.  10/10."
,Recommended,393380,30584624,Posted: 17 March,all,Moist_Twerk_Fart,"This is a little difficult for new players to understand but fear not I said only a Little not alot lol,Overall gameplay is very great and teamwork is the key to winningI haven't encountered any bugs or hackers in my time of playing and each match I play feels new and fresh.I can see myself diving many more hours into this."
76561198067778332,Recommended,393380,30645309,Posted: 20 March,all,Bullet Tooth Johnny,♥♥♥♥ing Dope♥♥♥♥♥Gamne. The Community is awesome and it's Truly about Teamwork. It's Really Realistic This Aint No COD Pee Wee Shooter. I'm addicted like ♥♥♥♥! Amor!
76561198336091255,Recommended,393380,30756250,Posted: 26 March,all,DangerJazz85,"Very good game, has potential to be something special. needs work in some areas but the gameplay is fun when it works, The gun fights in this game are unlike any other and will satisfy the hardcore realists among us"
,Recommended,393380,30771451,Posted: 27 March,all,Freaq,"Actually, I am not playing this game that much but I love this game. I am writing this review for suggesting one thing from developers: please add soft body physics. By soft body, I mean walls or buildings that are affected from explosions. For example, wall that break down after rpg hit. It could be ♥♥♥♥ing awesome to see these effects in Squad."
76561198146722740,Recommended,393380,30778389,Posted: 27 March,all,Cup_of_tea,It's like Arma met COD. Its middle between hardcore milsim and arcade shooter. I recommend.
,Recommended,393380,31053929,Posted: 9 April,all,the_wanderer,"Less complex/ in-depth than Arma but far more coordinated than Insurgency/Day of Infamy.And the sound effects, JC the sound effects. I have never heard a more realistic portrayal of the sounds of war in any video game, bar none. Extremely immersive and enough depth that you won't drown. The future is promising. Keep it up PR team!"
76561198169730133,Recommended,393380,31761957,Posted: 14 May,all,Rob,Hard at first but this is the perfect middle ground of fast past fps games and mil sims.9/11 would play as isis goat lover men again.
,Recommended,393380,32119508,Posted: 1 June,all,Worthmore,"most the negative reviews are from people who dont know how to sit down and learn how to play the game.a lot of people say the game has a steep learning curve, but it really isn't. watch a few tutorials on youtube, jump into a match, and let the game and the people on it teach you the rest. every match i play is a learning experience.battles can get real intense with 40 v 40, and compared to other games (looking at you, arma III), performance keeps solid.early access game though, be prepared for semi-regular bugs,"
76561198149791747,Recommended,393380,32122910,Posted: 1 June,all,Colonel,"I have heard a lot about SQUAD on Youtube and a lot of Youtube content creators love this game at the moment, and rightuflly so, it's quite addictive and challenging at the same time. However, as a newbie, here are some of my thoughts on this game:Pros:1) Realistic gameplay - short time to kill, realistic bullet drop and weapon recoil etc.2) Good graphics - the graphics in this game are actually pretty good, I know a lot of people might not agree, but once you play it, you'll know that the effects are top-notch.3) Teamwork - there is a lot of teamwork involved in this game, and I mean a LOT, if you get a good Squad Leader, you can have fun even if you lose the match, following orders and following the team's movements and fire orders. You NEED to have a good mic in order to play this game, I would strongly recommend you get it, some Squads even kick players if they don't have a mic.Cons:1) Learning curve - the learning curve is a pain, you will constantly get killed without EVER seeing the enemy, I have myself died a million times already, without once firing my weapon, simply because you CANNOT spot them. A lot of users apply third-party graphic enhancements to make spotting easier, and this gives them an edge over the others, so that SUCKS.2) Wasted time - you will spend a lot of time in this game doing nothing, maybe walking/running from point A to point B, not seeing a single soul along the way, and mind you these are mostly barren maps, with little to no foliage in most maps. And all of a sudden, you'd be hit with a couple of bullets and die immediately only to repeat the same process all over again. Mind you, spotting enemies is nearly impossible unless they're in close range, and I mean it.3) Weapons - there aren't a lot of weapons in the current build, and customization is out of the question, a lot of guns simply have iron sights, which are the worst to have in a game where you can't even spot enemies, let alone shoot them.4) Bad teams - the game mostly consists of great members, who are willing to teach you if you're a newbie, but there are some bad teams who will immediately kick you out if you're not a pro, that sucks for new players learning the ropes.5) Maps - there are only a handful of maps, and all of them have vast expanses of territory where you have the walk/wun to get to choke points, and you're always just a few seconds away from death (2-3 shots and you're dead). Maps are too big and travel and spawn options are too less, if you die, and your team doesn't have a rally point, you're gonna spawn back in base, wasting another 7-10 minutes just to get into fighting territory again.I was looking forward to some immense fighting and teamwork, but I'm yet to find it. I'm gonna continue playing the game because I want to get better at it and because I believe I have barely put enough hours into it. Here's hoping for the best ! In the meantime, buyers beware of what you're getting."
,Recommended,393380,30657043,Posted: 21 March,all,free k,Best tactical shooter out
76561198147765971,Recommended,393380,30786452,Posted: 27 March,all,loudlazer,"Very fun realistic shooter if you play Titanic: The Second Sink, then this game is for you"
,Recommended,393380,30806360,Posted: 28 March,all,Lemon Weezy 🍋,too many bugs right now but great game. hmu if you wanna play
76561198037612673,Recommended,393380,30827123,Posted: 29 March,all,SolarLiberation,Great game. Put it on wishlist and get it on sale.In the beginning you'll be working out bugs and issues but once you get through all that you'll find a great game awaits you.   Needs a pretty strong computer for long ranges though since you'll need 1.5+x resolution to see better though.
76561198340023706,Recommended,393380,30843529,Posted: 30 March,all,lwellington316,so the game is good...   when it is filly out it will be great
,Recommended,393380,31008556,Posted: 7 April,all,✪Zapad,After waiting a very long time. The recent updates have finally made the game into what I wanted to be
,Recommended,393380,31009466,Posted: 7 April,all,GMassacre76,Dis gud
76561198269635276,Recommended,393380,31023762,Posted: 8 April,all,PizzaBakker,"OMG, this is game is amazing the graphics are great and the idea behind the game is amzaing. if you have the money you have to buy it"
76561198081824975,Recommended,393380,31023895,Posted: 8 April,all,[C1V] Lebohn James,Great game.. ONLY if played with a mature group that like to work together. COD and Battlefield fanboys beware this game is tough. You will NOT know where you are killed from for many hours! If you are willing to learn and not be an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you will have a great time. If not you should stay far away.
,Recommended,393380,31027624,Posted: 8 April,all,iridiel1,Dont have the most hours on it but good game as huge potential
76561198046574824,Recommended,393380,31027936,Posted: 8 April,all,JUSTINOFSKYRIM,"Let me simply say this: This is not Call of Duty nor is Battlefield. It is a Mil-Sim style game with just enough of the basic elements of arcade thrown in to make it a game essentially. If you don't feel like talking on a mic even to give basic responses to others DO NOT play the game.The community seems very into what is going on for the most part (still having fun though), and the damage model is very quick with longer respawn times to prevent the infamous Battlefield spawn die grind of fighting waves of spawning dudes. Communication, following squad lead orders, and keeping your head on a swivel is key. When the bullets start flying s*** gets real fast.If you find yourself frustrated with this game it's most likely because you think that getting a few kills in a round is not fun, or you don't listen to your team mates and run around like an idiot. This is a game about team work, not your K/D ratio though getting kills is SATISFYING. Overall it does not take long to pick up (other than some squad leader mechanics that are a bit more advanced but not too bad), and if you're a team player you'll love this game.As a fan of Military shooters that simulate battles and logistics while also rewarding accuracy above spray and pray ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t (other than suppression of course) I'd give this game an 8 or a 9 out of 10 at the time of this rating 4/8/2017. Plus they're always adding more, and it has played smooth with little to no glitches what so ever! I can't even say that about Battlefield 1 that I've owned since it's launch."
76561198111275400,Recommended,393380,31031556,Posted: 8 April,all,InUrBushes,Great Marathon simulator.
76561197966855149,Recommended,393380,31050477,Posted: 9 April,all,Azta,"To me the game is not for the usual CoD community but for players looking for realistc tactical shooter experience without having to learn to Be real hardcore - ie learning to read a compass in Arma series.The map is huge comparing to the likes of CS and COD, a big bigger than battlefield 4 but much smaller than Arma. There is always a clear set of game wide objectives for both side to follow.  You don't need dead shot on your side to win the game but cohesive team work is a must.The players on both side will eventually be assigned to a 9 men squad with a squad leader that calls the shot, one or two medics, anti tank, sniper, and a bunch of riflemen. each member is crucial in the success and expected to play their role. You facing fire from outside of visual range, sniper is up. You hear the engine of an enemy apc, anti tank better get in position. Man down, oh well please cover the medics while they do their job. Each and everyone of us have a job to do.In my limited time with the game, a good SL makes a huge difference. Some may not like it, but a know it all and take no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t Squad Leader makes the entire experience that much more rewarding. They outlined the overall objective, breaks down the action into bite pieces, assigned transports, designates the Innitial rally point as first gal back point, determines the location of FOB as a primary stronghold when all things go to hell, creates diversion for compound assault, improvise on ambush sites and most importantly, keeping a bunch of noobs like us together as a cohesive fighting unit.But like everything in life, you will have idiot SL thay loaded the entire squad onto an open back, zero armour truck that drives on the main road straight to an engagement area. The two ist is loud as♥♥♥♥♥so not hard to have a couple tangos put out a welcoming party and got all of us killed.I guest this is just like the Vietnam movie, a stupid officer doesn't listen to advise gets their people killed. You as a grunt sitting in the back of the trust cursing to yourself that's it, I am going to die and when an Rpg slams to your truck, you rolled your eyes as you have told them so! It's tha real essence of the game to create moments like this.Other things I like is the realistic portrait of infantry engagement. Your gun is inaccurate outside of 300 meters, it's hard to tell where the shots are coming from, an ambushed squad is good as dead, the real shoot out is quick and ruthless, most of the epic shoot out is done in close quarter, storming a town and having to clear the settlement room by room door by floor is brutal and heart racing. Combat discipline is important. Don't bunch up when travelling as one grenade or Rpg can take you all out, protect the medics as they are your life savers, don't exhausted yourself so you lack the stamina to run across open ground,  run for cover when under fire, call the bloody bearing before you shoot someone, and most of all, be effective when communicating enemy location. Things like watch out enemy in that building there second floor is not going to help.  Enemy spotted, 4 stores building at bearing 250 NW corner second window from the right will more likely get the attention of your squad mate.All in all a very hard game to master but very rewarding when you are with good people and performed your duty. Give this a go."
,Recommended,393380,31055020,Posted: 9 April,all,Kernel Panic,Amazing game. Most fun when playing with friends.
76561198180489106,Recommended,393380,31071128,Posted: 10 April,all,Deanz,"i'm an FPS lover here,but Squad took me to a whole new level of FPS war games.Very recommended FPS game !"
,Recommended,393380,31269683,Posted: 20 April,all,waaaz,"It follows in the path of the ""PR:Mods"" (to some extent) for those in the know there...The devs have done away with allot of tactical ""bs"" that gamedesignwise does not work. You dont have the ""clunkiness"" of arma 2, but also not a straight quake style movement. I can see this being a good game for those that want to run around in a new engine, still having some of the good old PR feel while not having to remember what key to press to ""open car door"" or ""change tail lights"" or ""grab can of coke while bending sideways and salute the officer""= Alt+Shift+Q+T+N (im looking at you arma).+ Looks good (just fix the AA)+ Easy to get into (hard to master?)+ Radial menus for stuff that don't need its own keybind.- Has some issues with AA and jaggy OR very blurry edges (might not be dev's fault but Unreal engine). I also think it should not be necessary to use SweetFx and the likes to fix this..- Some issues with framerate being very CPU dependent (not gpu).Overall it's already a good game in this stage of developement."
76561198159088705,Recommended,393380,23732556,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,MaxMan-7ta,AMAZING GAME
,Recommended,393380,23734091,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Toby,"Feels like project reality on a superior engine. Which is great. The game will really take off once the vehicles arrive but for now there is solid infantry combat. Get it now if you really love PR, otherwise if you are on the fence wait for the vehicles to come out too."
,Recommended,393380,23764985,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Gosha,"Best community, best actual combat feeling, best adrenaline, best tactics, best graphics, best gameplay best everything. If you enjoy very tactical, realisitic and modern day shooters with a healthy and incredibly nice community, then this is the game for you!"
76561198083751116,Recommended,393380,23886357,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,MaxTotal \SpecOE/,"This game is great and it's only early access, once it gets all of its features it's going to be amazing.Alot more user friendly then ARMA and smoother. I recommend this game to whoever wants to get into intense firefights and work with a team as a unit"
76561198122505723,Recommended,393380,24053158,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,[FSQ]snarF,"Overall a great realistic large(r) scale game (the maps are big but not as big as in arma III), with awesome teamplay, althoug if you dont want to use VOIP or your mic is garbage dont buy it, since the game heavily relies on communication with your team.PROS:-teamplay is amazing: everyone uses voice chat, everyone works togheter.-constantly getting even better, regular upodates-a great community-weapon balance is a non issue-good realistic larger scale gameplay, a mix of Arma III and Insurgency-less complicated than ARMA, it only has the basic FPS layout with some querks that you can learn pretty fastCONS:-UNFINISHED, is in ALPHA at the time of wrigting-Sadly sometimes the teams are somewhat unbalanced, with no real way of rebalancing them in the midst of rounds-Some unfortunate bugs (witch are usually fixed)"
,Recommended,393380,24260619,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Order of Chaos,Needs some fixes to some UI bugs and occasional glitches in game; but even at this point its what I was hoping for in a realistic FPS.
,Recommended,393380,24624378,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Bubbles,(Y)
,Recommended,393380,24781204,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Blackthorne,"Great game! I started playing Project Reality over a year ago and that's how I found out about Squad. With the new update there's now vehicles and Squad feels like PR. No lone wolf COD players, this is a teamwork heavy game that requires good communication from the whole squad and team. You die from only two shots so the most important weapon in this game is information, where the enemy infantry, vehicles, and forward operating bases are. If you're new to the game and haven't played Project Reality then I highly recommend you skim through the game manual on Squad's website. Please get a mic! I would recommend starting out by playing as a basic rifleman until you feel comfortable. Follow your squad leader's orders, if you're new they say so at the beginning of the round and your squadmates well get you up to speed. Remember this game is only as good as its community."
,Recommended,393380,24782321,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,King Cuckold,"This game is basically a much better but smaller scale ARMA. The graphics are excellent, servers are always populated, the gunfights are intense, and the new additions of vehicles into the game has made it even better. Plus the dev team updates frequently."
78384154295596464,Recommended,393380,24866263,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,D∃ltɑ,"It's basically an updated version of Battlefield 2 & Project Reality. No more, no less. Good stuff. Get it. Get a mic too.welcome to war"
76561198008963886,Recommended,393380,25026148,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,{LLC}Capt.riotson,Yes.
76561198072765134,Recommended,393380,25531780,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Burger_1,"My favorite EA game. In it's current state, I love the game thoroughly, and the fact that they're adding more makes me giddy. This is a realistic FPS that favors gameplay over realism, but is very strong in both regards. Probably the most communicative dev team I've witnessed."
,Recommended,393380,26026350,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,dragonsarefake,Amazing game 10/10
76561197984448346,Recommended,393380,26078828,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,123,Amazing shooter.
,Recommended,393380,26094256,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Grizzoh,When you duck under a rocket -everydaythings *Bum dunddndndudne*
,Recommended,393380,26581074,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Dogberry,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game. When it works, its great. However its so ♥♥♥♥ing buggy."
,Recommended,393380,35247721,Posted: 27 September,all,Arcounter,"If you like realistic Gameplay you should try Squad. The greatest aspect of the game must be the community I have never experienced so much kindness as a new player like i did in Squad. To learn the basics you dont need to play or watch a tutorial you just jump in a game and ask your teammates what is going on and play.Furthermore the atmosphere is astounding. The audio for example is reallyimmersive. The bullets, explosions and the radio talk with your squad feels just really realistic.After a game round i am always pumped with adrenalin and satisfaction i love it.Try it if you like games like Arma."
76561198082743560,Recommended,393380,34007656,Posted: 3 August,all,PapiSwole,"Not even a finished product and is still the best shooter out, if you are looking for a game to play that is all about war but you don""t wanna sign up for the Army or the Marines this is the game for you because this is as real as it gets, every month you can expect some type of update or just somthing about future plans for the game. Offworld are probably the best devs I have ever seen just how passionate they are about the game and how they just keep bringing more plans for the game is just incredible.10/10 my favorite game and it's still in Alpha"
76561198196434501,Recommended,393380,34748325,Posted: 4 September,all,PristeneCharger,"Honestly, it's pretty awesome! The players are all mature, and speak tactically. If you do not plan on using a keyboard w/mouse PS3/4 controllers and Xbox 360/One controller would/should work."
,Recommended,393380,34680158,Posted: 2 September,all,Kittenmeister,"The best realistic shooter in my opinion, it is better then arma because its ageinst real players, and its not so confusing to learn, 10/10 in my opinion."
,Recommended,393380,21738124,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,asphantix,"The most impressive experience I had with the game to date must be the round where I joined a squad with an absolute compotent squad leader who knew how to flank the enemy team. We marched a few minutes until we discovered enemy contact. They were building a fort and we watched them silently for one or two minutes. ""Are we allowed to shoot?"" my squad mate asked. ""Yeah, go ahead"" the squad leader responded. My whole squad fomed an accurate line and then we riddled them with bullets and it took some time until the dust settled. We were a death squad. It was brutal."
,Recommended,393380,31092234,Posted: 11 April,all,Strattton,"$40 for 40 Frames with a $4,000 computer and 40% GPU usage... Not a joke. Fun game but almost unplayable plus low player count but that's not surpising."
,Recommended,393380,28551662,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,rigbone,"Second game I got in, I was trying to find my squadmates from the previous game. Once I found them, I chilled with them. I eventually got stuck in a roof made of sticks. We talked about kissing Brahmin on their udders, drinking goat milk, and about how we loved each other, all while being pinned down by gunfire and RPGs.10/10 would have quiet conversations during combat again."
76561198046112243,Recommended,393380,26537052,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Jarran Kell,NOT intended to be Battlefield/COD v9001. Milsim to an extent(good level of gamesmanship). Voice Comms required for best experience. Great game considering it is still in Alpha stage of development.  Look forward to more updates. Not degsigned for a K/D fest but for teamwork. Walk. Get shot in mouth by guy you can't see. Repeat.
76561198264027954,Recommended,393380,32325904,Posted: 10 June,all,TheSatanicEltic,This is a grate game!I like it.But I have problems with the mouse cursor not matching with the game and it just get worse and worse the more I move it but in the menu it works fine!
,Recommended,393380,19797088,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,BadWolf,"Awesome game, worth every dollar. cant wait to see where it goes from here."
,Recommended,393380,19805644,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Stridskuken,I walked on top of a hill got sniped after 2 seconds.10/10 would get sniped again!(I guess i shouldn't have left my squad)
,Recommended,393380,19843682,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,OneShot,"First of all, I would like to thank the Devs of squad for making this truely awesome game.Ok, on with my review (some will be my opinion.)I got this game 3 days ago, not expecting much from it, thinking its gonna be a COD with longer matches and real guns. I was completely wrong. This game is what I have been waiting for years, a game that is more coordinated than Arma 3 (I know there are some good servers out there, but the people were really rude to new players on the servers for no reason.), Has an epic community which was extremely helpful, and intense gameplay. If you are new to this game, you will most likely be in good hands of the players that have played this game for a while now and *some* vets from PR. It is so satisfying shooting an ak74 at a US sniper and tossing a grenade over an enemy built base that killed 4 people. I have already made 2 friends from playing this game, and being new and being today being my third day, thats pretty good imo. So what are you waiting for? Buy this game NOW!In short,Real guns, Really long matches, Really helpful community, Really big maps, Really intense moments, and a Really great game!"
76561198161021332,Recommended,393380,19969177,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Swindle,"Game 1 , Im with my squad pinned down outside a base , it felt like a 5v30 , bullets were flying and my squad was dying. I felt the soldier inside me as I knew it was up to me to survive. I move up the river on the west side of the field and take out 4 enemys with my saw. I charge into the field yelling allah akbar as explosions surround my body , im pinned down healing myself as smoke comes around me. My squad leader yells into the mic "" MERICA BABY "" the whole ♥♥♥♥ing team CHARGED into pure gunfire. Ive never expieranced such an adrenaline rush from a game in my life."
76561198037977335,Recommended,393380,20001224,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,63e_Cad_Alin,"The game IS SO EPIC, BUT it need optimisations, especially for amd users, my rig si very good, i can run Grand theft auto 5 on ultra but this game, barely on low.And i noticed something wierd, when someone speaks i have a big frame drop.PLZ FIX THIS, this game has potential."
,Recommended,393380,19891446,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,White Guy,I LOVE THIS GAME
,Recommended,393380,19893840,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Totem,.
76561198014986383,Recommended,393380,19895545,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Super America,you will fight for libertyyou will fight for freedomyou will fight for allahyou will always die
,Recommended,393380,19949586,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Boone ϟϟ,10/10 would get ptsd again
76561197996885351,Recommended,393380,19976371,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,J.P.,"Squad is legit, just imagine a much deeper Battlefield game mixed with gritty realism of Insurgency.It's a great experience now, I can't wait to see it develop further!"
76561198249645034,Recommended,393380,30401350,Posted: 8 March,all,camgerb,not bad good tactical game although i did come across a few bugs
,Recommended,393380,30522093,Posted: 15 March,all,Twitch.tv/David_505,"A shooter thats not about your KDA. For people who like teamwork, strategy, and thinking in their FPS. Not for the impatient or immature."
,Recommended,393380,30647783,Posted: 21 March,all,fitz2362,"If you are searching for a game that has teamwork and does it right. Then you have found your game.Squad utilizes a system forcing players to work as a team to win. Play individually have less ammo, be limited to one type of weapon, and lose the game. Play in a squad, you will have more ammo, multiple weapon/class types, and have fun.The game is best played with a microphone, because the whole gameplay system is based around teamwork through communication. Controls for this game are simple and easily customizable.Early on playing this game you will die alot, and that is okay. Get past the initial learning curve and you will begin to appreciate all the parts coming together. When you get on a team that plays the game and communicates you will have a ton of fun. Even if you lose.This game is possibly one of the greatest FPS combat reality simulators ever. If you are a fan of any of the great FPS combat reality simulators (i.e. ARMA, Project Reality, etc.) you will love this game.Developed by some of the creators of Project Reality, this game brings almost everything that PR brought to the table. Obviously this game is in Alpha currently, but it still stands tall and is greater than many full release games.I have spent countless hours on ARMA and Project Reality, and still I would choose Squad over both.Game is worth every penny you spend on it, frankly it is probably worth more.Updates bring new features, and more immersion to the game.Highly recommend you check this game out."
,Recommended,393380,30828801,Posted: 30 March,all,S⊕u†hpαω,"This is one of those games that require teamwork and good squad leaders. If you dont have any of those then your pretty much screwed. But with so much variety of what you can do, matches are really a close call. Some of when you or the enemy win by like 10-20 tickets. (For me atlease) And yes this game does attract somewhat annoying attention such at Tk'ers or trolls but you can kick em from your squad or ask an admin to kick. But all in all this game is great and you should give it a try :P"
76561198225722308,Recommended,393380,30888641,Posted: 1 April,all,✪ MeSmokeWeed,I just need help with this♥♥♥♥♥♥Errors is a code 17 Error an i dont know how to fix it T-T
76561198304155994,Recommended,393380,31053761,Posted: 9 April,all,Bubbleman2017,"This is a very hardcore game, and still has much to fix, balance, etc. But this game has SO MUCH POTENTIAL I can't hardly wait for the future of Squad! :D"
,Recommended,393380,28920333,Posted: 1 January,all,Snakecharmer,"If you're looking to go to war and get PTSD but not get sand in your♥♥♥♥♥♥this is the game for you.Squad is as immersive as it is tactical and it requires you to think as well as you can shoot. You will die a lot. You will experience the true chaos of battle, reliving all those Hollywood scenes of shellshock. The maps are huge, like an actual combat area and you don't just 'spawn'. You have  one main spawn and you're trying to take objectives on the map for tickets like in other FPS conquest modes. If you want a spawn closer your squad leader has to put down a rally point or one of the squads has to lay down Forward Operating Bases. The way the maps are laid out this makes tactical placement in relation to the objective paramount. You can literally put them anywhere on the map as long as there's not enemies within 50m. Gotta get it close, but not too close because if the enemy finds a fob and digs it up you lose tickets. Oh, also there is a base building system that will have you attacking and defending heavily barracaded murder fortresses.You absolutely have to join a squad in each match. Just like in combat when you start taking shots you're not gonna know where from, you're going to rely on your squadmates giving you headings and the leaders marking the map. Running around as a lone wolf in Squad will only get you killed, you won't have an objective without a squad leader, you'll pizza when you're supposed to french fry and you're gonna have a bad time.But that's also the best part! The community is absolutely fantastic, totally welcoming to newbies, and I'd bet the cost of the game that no matter what server or squad you hop into they will show you the ropes if you just say your new. Half of them are vets in real life which makes it that much more immersive when you get into ""the♥♥♥♥♥♥""But bear in mind this is a game for those hardcore or realism enthusiasts. It's like if Red Orchestra/ROII, ARMA, and hardcore battlefield had a baby,  then at the same time minecraft, Americas Army and Insurgency had a baby, and by some miracle those two babies met and got it on. That's this game, man.The fob and squad system make it to where unlike other FPS's you will never fight the same battle on the same map twice.And it just gets better with every update.One more thing: a mic is absolutely necessary, everyone actually uses them and will expect you to!"
,Recommended,393380,28925444,Posted: 1 January,all,"Honey, I Memed The Kids",The feeling you get when you are surrounded on all sides defending a FOB is awesome and the feeling you get when you are in an intese firefight is amazing. This game is a 10/10.  Its Arma but 11.5x better
76561198048334783,Recommended,393380,28958162,Posted: 2 January,all,Barry B Benson,"Have been looking for a realistic, tactical FPS other than Arma as I deep inside mever wanted to purchase Arma (thank god I found this before I did), and Squad is exactly what I was looking forward to. Before you buy however, make sure you understand what you are buying. The game is hyper-realistic, you can not go lone wolf and run and gun. You have to work together with your squad, taking orders from your dquad leader and working together to benefit your team and win (even if that includes sitting on a FOB to ensure it doesn't get taken over and never actually getting in a firefight). Some games you will not get a kill. Some games you will get kills but never know how as the enemy you killed was barely visible. The gameplay and realism is amazing, and the community one of the better I've been a part of and is definitely a refresher after playing games like Counter Strike. The only complaints pertain to things that will be fixed as the game becomes more complete or things that the engine can not handle but do not need to be in the game (breakable walls, AI, etc.).Final Words: Amazing game, but do not buy if hyper-realism, teamwork, and sometimes boring situations are not for you. Highly recommend."
76561198175194747,Recommended,393380,28980008,Posted: 3 January,all,Bodgy Aussie,Currently sitting in my bedroom with locked doors and windows figuring out how to treat my new ptsd. 10/10 would be suicide bomber again.
76561198331030885,Recommended,393380,28984847,Posted: 3 January,all,MrFinlandius,No words honestly. After years of playing the Battlefield series i started to get tired of the headless chicken syndrome that game offers. Started to wonder for something more realistic and actually team play orientated. Even in its alpha stage this game seems so good compared to anything I have expereienced in a FPS game before. Sure there are features still to be implemented (current v.8.9) and some quite annoying game breaking moments. But hey what game doesn't go trough some growing pains. I look forward to the future of Squad and hope we will see this game grow and live for many years to come. GG
76561198019373247,Recommended,393380,20127412,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Erdinc the Turk,If you played Project RealityPlay Squad without thinking
,Recommended,393380,20132486,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Cavemancougar,One best mil sims even in EA theres alot of potential hope they come through with it
,Recommended,393380,20136798,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Zavex,"Great game, Joined a server got shot at by 2 lmg teams and got all kinds of dead.....still don't know what i'm doing tho lol."
76561198016941945,Recommended,393380,20137008,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Down Syndrome,"As a simple review I want to say i put alot of time into PR and that is why i purchased this game for $40. In its current state it is not worth that money but if you want to give your support and help them develop the game into their end vision, buy this game in its current state for this price."
76561198205729881,Recommended,393380,20162240,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Haste,For the gamer in all of us!
,Recommended,393380,20162582,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Tigris,"This is by far one of my favorite games. Squad is basically a mix of Arma 2/3, Insurgency and Rising Storm. Even though this game is in early access and costs £30 it is 100% worth it.P.S I'm too addicted to this game to write a proper review, but I would recommend this game."
,Recommended,393380,20248500,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Shifftie,"Brilliant game, Takes tactic based gameplay to the next level. If you dont talk to other squads and swuad members situations can change in an instant!Holding FoBs can be challanging and rewarding at the same time you just have to stand your ground and hope that your teams pulls together and fights as a unit.I would recommend a mic so you can use comms to inform of contact or to recieved/give basic squad commands nothing worse than having a SL with no mic"
,Recommended,393380,20250761,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Spoookya,"♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING GAME, PLAY WITH FRIENDS ITS AWESOM!E!"
,Recommended,393380,20278425,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Rangers Lead The Way,"I highly reccomend playing this game as it delivers you a very realistic combat experience. From not being able to see your enemies half the time and just putting down suppresive fire, to smoking a cap point and charging it with your squad, I can say that this game is entirely what I exprected from it. Hearing the crackles of AK fire and hearing bullets hit the ground near you can rack your nerves, and the chills of real combat can be seen when you see your guys drop from one grenade into your FOB. Hearing the ear splitting sounds of the M249 when suprresive fire is needed and the gunfire from 20 plus people shooting at you sends chills down my spine. If you were disappointed with ArmA in turns of realism I urge you to play this game, and if you were left empty with the teamplay of Insurgency, you will find hardcore players in this game. Squad is not just your everyday military simulator, no; it's much more than that. Squad is a REALISTIC combat, military, teamplay, and medical simulator, and I hope you join me on the battlefield so we can kick some Insurgent♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198068464456,Recommended,393380,20307417,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Ren,"Incredible game. Squad relies on heavy tactical gameplay and inense firefight situations. Very realistic and it's only in Alpha, they will be adding even more..."
,Recommended,393380,20455902,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,AL,"Game feels and plays as a great shooter. There is a lot of potential for this game to grow and be a stellar early access title. Squad has a few negatives which can be overlooked depending on how much you believe in that potential. Price tag, lack of feautures, and mediocre optimization as of right now. The latter two are expected for a game in such an early stage. If you take it for what it is in its current state, and you are a fan of tactical shooters/can justify $40, then I would highly recommend Squad."
,Recommended,393380,20465442,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,[AE]Captain CryWank,"Me and two others barricaded a house with tires and hot boxed with smoke grenades. We did nothing and still hot the top 3 slots in the game, and our squad had almost as many points as the entire enemy team.10/10 would hot box again."
,Recommended,393380,20472528,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Vincentius,"Only have 6 hours so far but had a few experiences already.First off if you expect to have a quick frop in game like a round of battlefront or something similar it won't happen. The rounds take about an hour each give or take.Communication is essential and you will not survive being alone.The community has been super nice so far and don't get upset at new players.It takes a while to get a kill or even spot an enemy, most of the times you will jsut her gunfire but trust me you can get kills :)The price is a bit high for early acces but the game plays well and looks nice so that balances it out.I can recommend it but it does have its flaws such as:Hud and controlls sometimes a bit slow to respond"
76561197973356973,Recommended,393380,20472928,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Mr. President,Awesome game. Tons of fun and great team work to be had. Don't expect Call of duty. You will be disappointed!
76561198319880526,Recommended,393380,26567632,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,nalfrud,One of my games lasted 2 hours and it was still fun and really feels like you're in an actual war.
,Recommended,393380,19784502,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,๖ۣۜBigBossInThePit,"I changed my review too positive because ive fixed the issue i had, such an epic game, GET IT"
76561197998968934,Recommended,393380,19796083,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,DanUK,"♥♥♥♥ing Quality so far, Buy it!"
76561198030838500,Recommended,393380,19809715,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Joe_Dirt,"Great content for an Alpha release.  This game will be amazing when it is finished.  It's unlike any other game when you get into a good squad where everyone has a mic and is cooperating.  It's a different playstyle than all the other shooters out there, which is a very good thing."
,Recommended,393380,19829827,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Senneca,"very good game, although im compleatley clueless of what to do!"
,Recommended,393380,19838389,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,n1ck,Awesome game. Great for players who seek a realistic mil-sim type game.
76561198077264640,Recommended,393380,20049025,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Doug Remer,The only military FPS that gets the genre right.
76561198063835032,Recommended,393380,20053458,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,MaxWalkerGM,"This game in a nutshell:Red Orchestra 2 liked Battlefield and all was going well til it cheated on him with Arma because it was cooler and more intense ;). Then bimbim-bam-a-ribba-damdam  they had a kid and Red Orchestra 2 kept custody since Arma was unstable and buggy, and this child. This child is known as.... Squad."
,Recommended,393380,20064915,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,قكههر,">Just bought game>Super pumped for the team play>Joins a server and a squad>Epic♥♥♥♥♥♥talking by squad leader>""You're all trash"">Next game>Making callouts of enemy position>Nobody listens>Everybody Dies>I told them so>I get kicked from squad for ""♥♥♥♥♥ing too much""10/10 Would definetly recommend this to people who love team play."
,Recommended,393380,20069531,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,5Shots,"Project Reality Mod 2 ,awwww yeah baby ."
76561198046699117,Recommended,393380,20069792,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Vinceinzo,"Spawned in as a medic, went to capture a village half on the other side of the map, listened to team talking to eachother: Leader: ""Where are they hitting us from?""Rifleman: ""I dont know, figure it out leader.""(RPG hits)Rifleman is killed and laying there for a medic: ""Looks like I found them.""Leader: ""Where are they?""Rifleman: ""Over there!""(Does not give a direction or a location just said over there)10/10 this game has potential."
76561197964616806,Recommended,393380,20128147,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Boston,"very realistic, simple shooter game without the unnecessary visual distractions and confusing functions of black ♥♥♥♥♥ 3, which makes it a more competitive game IMO, radio functions are great, graphics are great, shooting and aim physics are great- not too difficult but not too easy either. can't wait for this game to further develop- can only get better from here."
76561198100519349,Recommended,393380,20131711,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,FSU_Legion,This game is essentially a mix between battlefield and insurgency/arma. It is on a slightly larger scale than battlefield with a much slower pace and rewards tactics and strategy over simple twitch reflexes. This is also much easier to learn how to play than something like arma and has about the same feel as insurgency just on a massive scale.
76561198115743595,Recommended,393380,20162802,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,SkunkMonkeY,"> Join squad> Meet up with squad> Most players screaming ""ALLAHU ACKBAR"" via proximity chat> See enemy in distance> Being getting shot from unknown location> Die> Respawn> Rejoin squad> Throw grenade> Grenade bounces off tree limb back into squad> Squad dies> Squad's corpses scream ""ALLAHU ACKBAR""10/10 would wipe squad again"
,Recommended,393380,20163253,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,eCK | GamerRadar,"I have had an issue recently with finding a good game to play recently, and now i think i've quenched that thirst!SQUAD is like playing ARMA, and Americas Army. You have no idea where the enemy is, your HUD is limited and you are totally vulnerable unless you communicate with your team! 1 shot can kill you unlike other games. Maps are huge as well so this just needs some vehicles or even a chopper would do.. Literally just a chopper nothing else xD.There is a problem growing though! since its Alpha the server list may not be 100% accurate since i tried loading a server several times with 5 slots open and it constantly just says its full.. Then i load servers that are full and it joins them! and yes i re-load that server list several times....Also, hacking is rampant but the community works well to rid them even on their own team they'll TK the sucker till he rage quits.Lag is gone, unless its by the hacker spamming 203's and smoke.lack of players with mic's kill me, specially when they take on the role of squad leads...Other then this this game is FANTASTIC and is truly a gem even in it's ALPHA FORM this is amazing!"
,Recommended,393380,20203970,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,ZéRiczão,This game is so good!!!
76561197983165670,Recommended,393380,20240170,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Haxor,PR devs + unreal engine.....what could go wrong!very very very very fun squad based tactical shooter....never gets old!
76561198156424813,Recommended,393380,20264643,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Another1,"An awesome FPS game with realistic physics and sounds. If you are a fan of slow paced FPS games, you're gonna love the game."
76561198120049860,Recommended,393380,20278969,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Deatthreaper,I rate it a perfect 5/7 with all the hackers around.
76561198068150837,Recommended,393380,20279785,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Tman1945,The most realistic  and fun fps ive ever played.
76561198090716200,Recommended,393380,20309361,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,rakilooou,"The game is pretty cool i would recommend it to everyone who likes a shooter , i liked the realism of the game makes you feel like you are in a real combat. who like games like cs go and cod i think this is not the game for you.This game is slow paced and tactical.The only thing bad i have to say bad is the optimization. If you have a amd processor it will be better to wait for the new patch to solve this problem. i get very very low fps like 18 not playable like this but besides that pretty fun and i recomend it."
76561198052115362,Recommended,393380,20319154,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Ricc0,"Great Game, Looking forward for more weapons for each faction. Terroriste should have unique weapons like IED or suicide vest. Not just a older version of russian army's."
,Recommended,393380,20368763,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Gerbil2309,"This game is a fairly hardcore infantry combat simulator. It is similar in basic concept to the ARMA series, but has less intricacy and is perhaps a little more realistic (extremely minimalist UI, etc). The core gameplay concept, as you would expect from the title, is working with your squads. For that reason, the gameplay experience is extremely teamplace based and realistically requires a microphone to get the proper experience. I find the gameplay very difficult, but it just means that when you do succeed in a mission it is all the sweeter.It should definitely be noted that this game is an early access beta, and other users have reported problems with how their systems handle the game, but I haven't experienced any problems in that regard. It is definitely not feature complete, but you have everything in game that you need to have an enjoyable experience and future changes will just add to that experience."
76561198027558575,Recommended,393380,20387439,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Balderdasherer,First review in years of playing off of Steam.  Why?  Because the game is that good.  10/10
76561198060695401,Recommended,393380,20388151,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Elsa,"This is the best infantry based, tactical first person shooter, I've seen to date. The realism is on point."
,Recommended,393380,20401169,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,RedCon1,Great play. Even in it's early stages this game has a solid core. Must try!
